good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
President Trump today tweeted out praise
for Sinclair Media Group calling the
owner and operator of 193 local TV
stations around the country quote far
superior to CNN NBC the apparent reason
a video about Sinclair media group that
went viral this weekend here's what you
should know about that video and about
Sinclair media they own more TV stations
than anyone else and they're about to
own some 40 more when they finish their
purchase of the Tribune Company which
also has at least 10 major newspapers
you may have heard that Sinclair's
owners are self-described conservatives
what some other people call hard right
reactionaries that's not uncommon among
media moguls and sinclair last year
lobbied hard to undo a regulation called
the main studio rule now the main studio
rule requires that local TV stations
actually be local in some sense not just
a signal beamed in from corporate
headquarters hundreds or thousands of
miles away
local studios local reporters local
viewpoints about local issues in October
Sinclair succeeded in getting the main
studio rule killed by a party-line vote
in the Federal Communications Commission
media companies argued that the money
they save will let them serve local
communities better
but these days Sinclair is serving local
communities with content like last
month's commentary by former Trump
advisor Sebastian Gorka warning about
the so called deep state conspiracy
undermining President Trump and
Sinclair's local stations have to run
commentaries by former Trump adviser
Boris Epstein warning all local
communities
that there's too much national coverage
of stormy Daniels last month CNN
obtained a script that Sinclair sent to
their local stations a script telling
them they all had to read it on air
frequently in place of news the promo
script was all about fake news they
suppose danger of believing other news
media the kind of media that just might
be critical of President Trump now the
promos have been taped and they are on
the air a compilation video of them my
Timothy Burkett Deadspin went viral this
weekend we share it with you now not to
embarrass any of the anchors here who
were told they had to tape these but
because it demonstrates the grinding
erasure of local viewpoints at the
largest group of local stations in
America corporate headquarters decided
this was an issue of local concern in
every locality corporate headquarters
wrote the script corporate headquarters
gave all its viewers the same voice the
same works
hi I'm Fox and antonio's Jessica Headley
and I'm Ryan Wolfe our greatest
responsibility is to serve our Treasure
Valley communities the old Paso Las
Cruces communities Eastern Iowa
communities mid-michigan communities we
are extremely proud of the quality
balanced journalism that CBS 4 News
produces but plaguing our country the
sharing of biased and false news has
become all too common on social media
more alarming some media outlets publish
the same fake stories without checking
facts first the sharing of biased and
false news has come all too common on
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous sir
democracy here is the unvarnished truth
big media corporations are in bed with
big government in Washington regardless
of which party is in power for their
mutual purposes not for the benefit of
quality news coverage news anchors
looking into camera and reading a script
handed down by a corporate overlord
a script meant to obscure the truth not
elucidate it is not journalism it is
propaganda is rebellion and is on a
slippery slope towards some of history's
most destructive forces these are the
means by which despots wrest power
silence dissent and oppress the masses
to those who say this rhetoric is
hyperbolic I submit that attacking the
press as honest brokers of information
has been one of the constants of this
administration and though all those who
normalize it but this is not normal this
is not how the freedoms enshrined in our
Constitution that beloved First
Amendment is supposed to operate so in
the spirit of answering speech with
speech let me offer my own script
I'm dan Rather and I'm concerned about
the troubling trend of irresponsible
one-sided news stories plaguing our
country the sharing of biased and false
news has become all too common in
corporate media more alarming some
corporate media's published these same
fake stories stories that just don't
matter without checking with their
journalists first unfortunately some
media executives use their local
platforms to push their own personal
bias and agenda to control trying to
control exactly what people think this
is extremely dangerous to our democracy
simply is Pro most by the way end with
anchors telling viewers to email them if
they think the station's coverage is
unfair but those complaints don't go to
the local stations the emails are read
and replied to by employees at Sinclair
headquarters and by the way if you're
really interested in identifying fake
news and figuring out what to believe if
you're truly invested in the work of
being a good informed citizen may I
respectfully offer a short primer number
one understand that trusting a news
outlet does not mean they're perfect no
one's perfect
it means they tell you when they screw
up number two don't rely on just one
news outlet number three don't rely on
just the news to understand an issue
read books find the experts find out how
issues are discussed outside of news
number four if you find yourself
agreeing with everything your news
outlet says you're doing it wrong if
your news doesn't challenge you
challenge your news and number five find
a commentator whose politics differ from
yours intellectually honest even though
their values differ from yours
if you can't find such a person maybe
the media is not the problem and number
six remember that what the news tells
you is far less important than what they
decide to talk about in the first place
if they focus on personal salacious and
speculative stories find a new outlet
one that drills in on issues that
actually affect real lives your wallet
or pocketbook health and education
schools social justice the environment
the true test of trustworthy journalism
isn't that they never make mistakes
it's whether they're willing to
challenge the powers that be on behalf
of those without power
now I want to talk about the gun debate
and the parkin voice is not being heard
and I'll do that right after this
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that a person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're the
time where you cannot in good conscience
sit on the sidelines of history
laura ingraham of Fox News apologized
and took this week off after mocking one
of the parklands school shooting
survivors and losing advertisers in the
process but no national TV news effort
has apologized for or even truly
acknowledged the scarcity of Black
Voices from Parpan in their discourse
about guns more than one in ten part
them students are black but they hardly
get a tenth of our attention on
Wednesday several of them held a news
conference trying to rectify that the
black lives matter movement has been
addressing this topic since the murder
of Trayvon Martin in 2012 yeah we have
never seen this kind of support for our
cause and we surely do not feel that the
lives or voices of minorities are valued
as much as those of our white
counterparts I am here today with my
classmates because we have been sorely
underrepresented and in some cases
misrepresented we are proud to say that
we're from Douglass we are proud to say
that those who are in the front are
doing a great job but we also as you can
see have so much to say yes they do and
one thing they had to say concerned the
proposed response of putting more armed
officers into America's schools it's
understandable that some black students
might say armed security in their
schools differently than many of their
white school mates do especially when
students of African American heritage
are three times more likely than white
students to be expelled or suspended
from school police guns discipline in
the eyes and minds of many black
students they do not automatically add
up to safety and security when black
people even young black people talk
about guns and violence they are heard
differently if they are heard at all
consider how polarizing black lives
matter was compared to the parkland
students imagine if the March for a lie
have been held last year by black
students this week will mark 50 years
since the Reverend dr. Martin Luther
King jr. went to Memphis to support
striking sanitation workers on Wednesday
April 4th it will be fifty years to the
day since he was struck down there in
Memphis by gun violence fighting for the
right of Americans to join together and
to speak with one voice fighting for the
right to be heard the battle to be heard
behind the closed doors of a top
American gun maker just took a fierce
turn if an obscure SEC filing is any
indication we've reported to you before
about sturm ruger maker of the rifle
used in the texas church shooting last
year we revealed on this newscast ruber
did not warn his potential investors
that the company might suffer in the
event of high-profile gun crimes or if
pro-gun election victories made gun
sales drop exactly what happened with
President Trump Ruger is also under
pressure from his biggest investors the
private equity firm Blackrock which owns
17% of Ruger wrote to them last month
specifically about gun violence asking
what Ruger plans to do about it and the
risks to investors Ruger's answer was
nothing new now as the Young Turks just
reported rugers latest SEC filing has
the company's board of directors telling
shareholders to vote against a
resolution that would require Ruger to
monitor violence committed with Ruger
firearms and report on my order next
year the resolution is being proposed by
a socially active Catholic order in
Oregon if we voted on my Ruger
shareholders at their annual meeting
next month so will the Board of
Directors all nine are up for
re-election including chairman see
Michael Jacoby who also sits on the
board of a private prison company core
civic formerly
known as The Corrections Corporation of
America
Michael Pfeiffer member of the Board of
Governors of the National Shooting
Sports Foundation which lobbies against
new gun laws
Sandra Froman member of the inner race
Board of Directors and CEO Chris Keller
a top in our a supporter and former
Smith & Wesson executives the idea the
whole idea that a small religious order
of nuns might overturn the ruger board
is unrealistic but here's the thing more
than half of bruger stock is owned by
just six private financial firms out of
burgers seventeen million shares
Blackrock owns almost 3 million Vanguard
owns more than one and a half million
capital world investors of San Francisco
and the London company of Virginia owned
more than a million shares each and both
voya investment management and
dimensional Fund Advisors own well over
half a million shares
Blackrock we told you is pushing gun
companies to respond to gun violence
Vanguard has said it supports
legislative efforts to do so in other
words these six companies on their own
could force Ruger to report on his gun
violence or toss out the board of
directors because at a certain point
these gun makers are going to become
toxic for anyone to own
it's not personal Riveter it's just
business
now we're going to connect some dots
behind President Trump firing his
Veterans Affairs Secretary and you want
to hear that right after this
I won the Young Turk special election
coverage
an amazing power talk about power like a
smart Destiny's Child we're all too
strong we've done a revolution that's
another one aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount a harry potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what land me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bombing Yemen crazier than bombing Syria
so much they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts and journalists
you
if you want to know what's really going
on with president Trump's firing of
Secretary of Veterans Affairs David
shokhin it's important to understand who
was behind it in a stunning op-ed last
week after he was fired shokhin said
that and I quote advocates within the
administration for privatizing VA health
services saw me as an obstacle to
privatization who had to be removed that
is because I am convinced that
privatization is a political issue aimed
at rewarding select people and companies
with profits even if it undermines care
for veterans unquote chicken doesn't say
who those privatization advocates are
but president Trump's plans for the VA
have been leaning toward privatizing
veteran's health care a broad spectrum
of veterans groups is deeply opposed to
privatizing the VA
despite its occasional scandals the
agency enjoys highest satisfaction
ratings from veterans better than
private providers and insurance
companies do according to a report in
Politico Trump's desire to privatize the
VA has been influenced by Jeff Miller
he's former chairman of the House
Veterans Committee Miller's aide went to
work for shokhin and was reportedly one
of the Trump loyalists in the VA who
helped push chokan out one of the people
pushing for privatization is Steven a
Cohen he is the hedge fund billionaire
and one of the richest people in the
country until this year he was not
allowed to invest other people's money
thanks to an insider trading scandal in
2013 as prosecutors began sniffing
around Cohen's started giving to
veterans charities in 2016 he founded
Cohen veteran's networks a chain of
clinics offering veterans and families
free or low-cost care free that is to
the patients the clinic's get reimbursed
when
can and they want to get reimbursed more
last year Coen spent two hundred and
ninety thousand dollars on lobbying for
quote efforts to increase access to
mental health care for veterans and
efforts to increase federal funding for
PTSD related research unquote the
lobbyists Coen turn to was Jeff Miller
Trump's advisor on veterans issues
Miller is now a lobbyist Cohen was used
for his client the law prohibited Miller
from lobbying Congress and his
disclosure forms indicate he was doing
quote executive branch lobbying only
Cohen says he was motivated by his sons
military service in Afghanistan but
Cohen has also thrown money at Donald
Trump including a million dollars for
the Trump inauguration and millions more
to Republicans who favor clinics like
his over the VA and corners nochmal his
only client after switching from heading
the Veterans Committee in Congress to
lobbying last year he signed up several
health industry companies with stakes in
privatizing veterans care including some
specifically targeted at veteran
patients even with Shokan at the helm
Cohen locked up a partnership in
February with the VA that according to
the press release may lead to Cohen
veterans Network expanding look it's a
fine and Noble indistinct to want to
expand choice and improve service for
Americans veterans as it is for all
Americans but those leading the charge
for this oppose funding government
efforts to expand choice and improve
service those leading the charge insists
that the private sector is better at it
even while the Cohen veterans network
admits publicly they are learning best
practices from the VA choice
access the service these are the words
used publicly but those who privately
assault the very notion of government
serving any of his people for any needs
the private sector can charge for just
look at who's lining up the fields who
can choose Trump wants his own White
House position adopter a man who has
never run a large organization he wants
him to run the VA until then the
president said the VA will be run by a
Pentagon undersecretary named Robert
Wilkie former adviser to Republican
Senator Tom tell us a vocal champion of
choice teachers walked off the job today
in red states
some an allison commentary on what
they're doing is straight ahead
hey Dave probably sees Skype froze
frozen crash you know I was watching I'm
launching that documentary on the
Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and he was in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's not in
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history
finally tonight if this country is to
continue to thrive and progress it must
be led by his educators particularly its
teachers most specifically its public
school teachers listen I respect and
admire dedicated teachers wherever they
teach public schools private charter
religious and home schoolers all of them
but there is a special place in my heart
and I think they should be in the hearts
of all citizens for those who teach in
our public schools teachers in general
but public school teachers especially
are the all-too-often
unheralded neglected and underpaid
backbone of this nation and that's why
I'm so inspired and encouraged by what
is one of the more underreported stories
of recent weeks something is stirring in
traditionally red states teachers are
fighting back after being pushed to
desperation by years of shrinking
education budgets from state capitals
met on short-sighted tax cut frenzied
economic policies in West Virginia a
teachers strike led to a pay increase
and similar movements are now fomenting
in Kentucky Oklahoma and Arizona as we
saw with mass walkouts today because
here's the reality most parents no
matter their party affiliation want good
schools for their kids communities
understand the importance of good school
districts businesses need well-trained
workers America needs an educated
populace sadly public education has
become a political battleground but I
believe the efforts we're seeing play
out today will be successful and that
others will likely follow we need to
break our cycle of cynicism we need to
recognize the importance of education
and those who dedicate themselves to
these lives of service to our future
generations public schools must be part
of what unites us
yes this is in addition to everything
else personal for me I would not be
where I am today without dedicated
teachers who believed in me and opened
my eyes to new horizons and I know
millions of my fellow citizens feel the
same way we know that we succeeded
because how they have helped us now they
need our help and they will succeed if
we help them with that I'll leave you
for this news cycle The Young Turks it's
next and we'll be back with the news at
this same place in time 5:30 Eastern
every Monday until then dan Rather
reporting stay steady
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back him during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history
you
