the rapper killer mic is generally a
pretty left-wing guy he very vocally
supported Bernie Sanders in the last
election and campaigned for him so I
really like killer Mike but he decided
in response to the March for our lives
protests that are going on now to do a
video with the NRA actually I should be
fair that's I'm not explaining that
properly apparently he did this video
with the NRA before March 4 our lives
and you know they're now releasing it at
around the same time as March for our
lives is actually happening so you know
the chronology there's a little
different than I originally indicated
but nonetheless he sat down with the NRA
let's watch his conversation and then
we'll discuss so I have to ask what are
you really marching for took us from
where I'm standing it looks like a march
to burn the Constitution and rewrite the
parts that you all like and crown
with everything that's happened with a
parkland shooting yeah
very traps you bury and it's autumn and
I know why it's being done you know it's
it's systematic yeah but this idea that
because I'm a gun on or I'm a hardcore
about the Second Amendment or you know
you know from that perspective it's like
that doesn't mean that I lack the
empathy or the ability to sympathize I
don't know if anything is quite the
opposite it's like we disagree about how
we both want to save these kids live
yeah period but somehow because my
method doesn't agree with your methods
yeah I'm a monster yeah or something
well that's unfair you know to me I have
worked as a tireless advocate on their
behalf of children disenfranchised women
in my community and I've also worked
with gun groups like George's against
gun violence that are not you know the
the most prone second but I said if
there's a table to be said that the gun
owner needs to be there so I kind of try
to see a problem from the whole
perspective and there have been things
that you've disagreed with me it's been
that this review as friends we've talked
right but there was something dead on
that the woman who's NRA spokesman said
and everyone just kind of lost it was
her name Damon Damon Damon said
something I don't agree with everything
Dana says but Damon says that the tears
of white mothers are are like ratings
and that's and that's so true and it was
so sad to hear her acknowledge it but
it's true and and black people know it's
true because black people say it in
conversations and coffee houses -
there's a lot of people who think they
woke out here will realize very quickly
well you not whoa you can't you know you
can't you can't continue to be the
Lackey yeah like people are accusing you
of being a lackey of the NRA well you're
a lackey of the progressive movement
because you have never disagreed with
the people who tell you what to do I
think about that have you you have never
disagreed when you've never said to them
hey hello
ho-ho-hold on a football players just
got shot by armed white man for a
traffic argument a black teenager got
shot by our white man in the gas station
because he got he had played his music
loud where were you then you can
progress this right off right off a
cliff you keep going in there's no
progress that's in a slave yeah you know
people and people say slavery can't
exist Lavery does exist now slave exists
cord to the 13th never abolished the
same people were telling you we need to
abolish the Second Amendment hey hey
they ain't there for the documentary
thirteen why are your allies not
fighting your other fights with the same
vigor you're fighting these that's all
my kids on the school walkout I love you
if you walk out that school walk out my
house we are we are a gun owning family
yeah we are a family where my sister
farms we're a family where we will hunt
but we are not a family that jumps on
every single thing I a lie of ours does
because some stuff we just don't agree
with here we are we have a March that's
going on next week and our biggest
celebrities are donating millions to a
March yeah Wow
are any city schools over here are in
deplorable conditions
we're donate three million to a march
about gun control but yet we have
communities over here that are in
economic downturn like it's it's
ridiculous to me celebrities often don't
know what to do they're told what to do
I have a celebrity very famous like like
so well over twenty thirty million
records calling me and say hey Mike what
you doing right now I ain't doing that
he said could I call you I was like
what's up he called me he was at a radio
station they were pressuring him to do a
anti-gun thing and I could tell he
wasn't comfortable with it he said would
you mind explaining them then why you
and I'll say it very very you know an
african-american you know 54 years old
of apartheid I'm a very pro Second
Amendment
this is why and before you say well what
about the children my suit my daughter
goes to Savannah State University there
was also a shooting on that campus talk
to my wife that talked to my wife and
daughter after that the decision was
we're gonna go to Savannah she's gonna
get a gun and train more so he's getting
a lot of flack for going on you know the
NRA s channel and he
has subsequently apologized because he
said the interview I did is now being
used in the sense that is being released
around the same time as March for our
lives and it's being framed as I'm in
total opposition to March for our lives
and he goes on to say I'm actually in
favor of March for our lives and I
support what they're doing and he's
basically he's saying listen the
interview was kind of taken out of
context
I support March for our lives and I'm
sorry that you know this is being used
in the way that it's used that's unfair
to the people who are in March for our
lives so he did a good apology and you
know killer Mike is he's so good on so
many issues that I'm biased now in that
I like him so I'm inclined to be like
okay fine
like you know whatever it's cool I think
the thing that annoyed me about this
this interview is it's not that he
disagrees with you know the broader
left-wing movement on the issue of gun
reform it's that I feel like there was
just a very clear straw Manning going on
of his opponents so and you know the guy
at the beginning said it he's like oh
what's this protest really about what it
looks to me like you want to burn the
Constitution and rewrite it in crayon so
in other words that's that's a smear
that's what that is now that you might
say oh it's not a spirit that is a smear
because he's acting like the
interpretation of the Second Amendment
that we have right now is just 100%
accurate and there's no question about
that's not true so for example the
Second Amendment says a well-regulated
militia
necessary to the security of a free
State the right of the people to keep
him bear arms shall not be infringed but
they always ignore that first part a
well-regulated militia
so you know there's an argument hey if
you're not in a militia doesn't
necessarily mean you can have a gun and
there's an argument actually there's not
an argument about this part the word
regulated is right in the Second
Amendment so when your argument is we're
not allowed under the Constitution to
regulate guns that's just factually
wrong the word regulated is right in the
fucking Second Amendment
so I think my problem with what was
going on here is not that there's a
disagreement between killer Mike and
left-wingers in general on this issue
it's that he's partaking in a giant
straw man of progressives on this issue
and you know he said oh you they want to
progress us they want to progress us
into slavery that's what he said
as if having you know some mild vanilla
gun reforms are gonna equate slavery
come on man you know that that's a
bullshit argument cuz killer Mike is
really smart so he's not it's not like
he doesn't know that that's a poor
fucking point he knows it's a bad point
but he made the point anyway and then he
talks about how well you know we don't
hop on the progressive bandwagon we
think for ourselves so if my kids end up
partaking in this March for our lives
and they march out of school they can
march right out of my house well hold on
now killer Mike listen listen man you
just said I'm not in favor of bandwagon
thinking and then you say you're gonna
tell your kids if you don't hop on my
bandwagon thinking I'm gonna kick you
out of my house what kind of sense does
that make
I'm not in favor of bandwagon thinking
here's my thoughts on guns and if my
kids don't agree with me only to kick
them out of the house so that's you
forcing them to get on your bandwagon
because you don't want to get on the
left-wing bandwagon
so are you for bandwagon thinking or are
you not if you're not in favor ban
weighing and thinking then you know your
kids should be able to take whatever
they want if they want a protest on this
issue you let them protest on this issue
so that's my point here's I don't I
actually don't mind at all the
disagreements at all it's just that I
wit you have to represent your opponents
accurately and killer Mike is not doing
that by any stretch of the imagination
here because from everything I've seen
about March for our lives they're really
clear about what they're calling for
David hog is one of the kids who's been
front and center over this and he went
on Fox News and said I'm not against the
Second Amendment here's what I'm in
favor of I'm in favor of universal
background checks I'm in favor of mental
health checks I'm gonna favor banning
assault weapons so that's not a gun ban
well you just say it's all it's a gun
ban that's so incredibly misleading so
represent your opponents accurately and
then disagree with your opponent's
that's my point
and he didn't do that and that's what's
upsetting about this
and but listen outside of that I would
tell people on the left if he had
represented the arguments accurately
that people in March for our lives were
making then I would have no problem with
him going on NRA TV
none at all and listen he can if he if
he were so inclined he could argue okay
listen here's what the people in March
for our lives are saying therefore
here's what I disagree with I don't
agree with the assault weapons ban he
could say that and that's a reasonable
position to hold listen there are some
issues where we there's no room for a
compromise like on the issue of
corruption if you're in favor of money
in politics you're just wrong there's no
room for like oh are are you in favor of
subverting democracy and bringing about
an oligarchy or in a kleptocracy or are
you not it's like okay well if you're in
favor of doing that then you're an idiot
and there's no room in the movement for
people who represent the fundamental
opposite of the ideology we're espousing
is there room for being against a living
wage I would argue no is there room for
being it's a medicare-for-all I would
argue no so there are some issues where
you know I say we should be unapologetic
and say there's no room for disagreement
here I'm clear on that you guys have
heard me say it a thousand times I'm in
favor of a purity test I am because I
think that just means you actually
believe in something and there are some
things you're willing to not compromise
on in my opinion and maybe you guys have
a different view of this but in my
opinion guns is I think there's a
reasonable realm of debate and
discussion to be had there I think
there's a variety of positions they're
reasonable where some people are in
favor of more lacks gun laws than me
okay that's fine
some people are in favor of gun laws
that agree completely with my opinions
and some people are a little stronger on
gun laws I think in the progressive
movement there's enough room for some
variation on that issue again other
issues not so much the issue of guns
yeah and I'm ok with some variation on
that but the thing about this that makes
me mad is not that he spoke to the NRA
and not even that he disagrees with
lefties it's that he's misrepresenting
them in the process so that's my issue
with it and but listen like I said he
apologized he said he actually supports
the movement what I would ask killer
Mike is what exactly are you in favor of
when it comes to guns are you in favor
of keeping the laws
exactly as they are because I don't
agree with that but that's okay but at
least represent your opponents
accurately and then say you're in favor
keeping the laws exactly as they are you
know my hunch about killer Mike and this
is just me guessing he'd have to tell
you is that he's in favor of some gun
reform but just really not that much and
he likes to stress the idea that he
doesn't want to ban guns and he's in
favor of gun ownership and he goes on to
explain why he says listen I'm a black
man in America and I think black people
should armed themselves because he
argues they're under almost domestic
occupation with the drug war for example
and police are you know and not viewed
the same in the african-american
community as they are on the white
community and they feel like it they're
an occupying force and they unjustly and
routinely crack down on them in an
unfair way so he's in favor of gun
ownership that's totally fine I just
want to know exactly what he's for
instead of straw man of your opponents
and kind of smugly swatting away their
non arguments maybe you should actually
tell us exactly what you're for and if
you do that okay then I then I'm totally
fine with it and go talk to the NRA all
day long if you wish
