in 2016 Cambridge analytic advised then
candidate Donald Trump to promise voters
he would drain the swamp and most of
them assumed he meant our governments
infestation by deep pocketed corporate
lobbyists TYT investigates reporter Alex
Koch looked into how that's going at the
United States Department of Agriculture
I asked him what he found and how he
found it believe in January I was
looking at some of the ethics waivers
that White House Counsel Don McCain had
issued to various officials in the Trump
administration so when they have to
issue an ethics waiver it means that
this person who works at the various
Department or agency under the Trump
administration likely has a conflict of
interest but what they're doing is so
important and they're the best candidate
to do that that they should be able to
sort of waive the ethics requirements in
order to do that so I was looking at
this a few months ago and I found a corn
syrup lobbyist who had joined the USDA
the Department of Agriculture to advise
the Secretary on Dietary Guidelines for
Americans which is a pretty glaring
conflict of interest especially
considering that high-fructose corn
syrup and sugars are widely known to be
you know to lead to diabetes and other
kinds of health problems and then I
continued to follow the waivers and
there are several more made public on
March 7th on the office of government
ethics website so I found three more
recent lobbyists who joined the USDA
under Trump and all three of them will
give an ethics waivers because they
lobbied for the food industry as well
and we're about to start working on
policies that they had just lobbied so
if you look at the the waivers that he
wrote does he make arguments that are
convincing not to me at all I mean he
essentially says in all three of these
latest ones
this person has a ton of knowledge and
say the food stamp or SNAP program so
therefore despite the fact that you know
she was lobbying for the national
grocers Association on the food stamp
program she's the number one best person
to do this for the government and
therefore we have to grant her a waiver
for example I was just referring to
Maggie Lyons who was appointed last year
to advise the Food and Nutrition Service
Division of the US
on programs like Snap on WIC which is
the women infants and children program
and I think she's working on the
National School Lunch Program as well
she studied corporate communications in
college I don't see any evidence on her
LinkedIn profile that she has any kind
of expertise in science or nutrition yet
she's you know now a senior advisor and
the chief of staff actually of Brandon
lips who is the administrator of the
Food and Nutrition Service yeah it seems
that you have to have some basic
knowledge of the policies you're trying
to influence first as a lobbyist now as
someone inside the USDA so saying that
they have some knowledge about the
subject isn't necessarily a good excuse
yeah I mean the conflict is surely her
recent lobbying for on behalf of the
food industry not on behalf of the
people that I think it's a huge conflict
when we're talking about just the health
and well-being of a number of Americans
so tell me about this graphic you
actually made it yourself I'm super
impressed at the top you have Kaylee to
catch she is the former korn
CR blobby as the Corn Refiners
Association is the largest it represents
the four largest corn co-producers in
America so you can see with the arrows
and the connections that she also used
to lobby for the national grocers
Association and now she's a policy
adviser at the USDA on the left there
Maggie Lyons as the other lobbyist she
came directly from the national grocers
Association you have Brooke Appleton the
the corn growers and the wheat growers
lobbyists there sonny Perdue just in
there for reference as the secretary and
then you have in the top right Christy
Boswell who came from the American Farm
Bureau Federation is now senior advisor
at USDA US Department of Agriculture
says that I have to say the first thing
that popped up was are the regulations
that are getting in your way let us know
what they are after that I was able to
find this mission statement we have a
vision it says to provide economic
opportunity through innovation helping
rural America to thrive to promote
agriculture production that better
nourishes Americans for the taxpayer how
does having industry lobbyists setting
policy within the USDA conflict with
what that mission statement purports
well you know
big businesses I mean their their first
order of business is profit and profit
doesn't necessarily square with things
like our health our nutrition the
conservation efforts our environments
health things like that so as we've seen
it all around the Trump administration
you know we have big business interest
kind of coming in and helping set policy
now I'm sure the USDA does some good
things for farms and for the American
people but I think it's pretty safe to
say that when you have a number of
lobbyists coming in being given ethics
waivers to do things that are probably
unethical on behalf essentially of of
big business and trade groups that
represent big business I don't think
that's a very good thing for the
American people when I talk to people
who like to participate in a way that
they have a pecuniary financial interest
but also serve the public what they say
is I might have that interest but my
interest is aligned with the interest of
the public for instance it creates more
jobs when the large agricultural
industries don't have regulations like
safety or they don't have to worry about
how they treat the immigrant workers
that come in and therefore my interest
as a corporate lobbyist is in line with
the interest of the public what would be
a response to that argument well first
of all you have to ask if that's
actually true that that some of these
policies will help create jobs what kind
of jobs are they are they good jobs are
they seasonal agricultural worker jobs
for people who come in seasonally I live
elsewhere and then you have to ask what
kind of profits are being made a by the
business owners in these these fields
and also by the lobbyists and lobbying
firms that are representing these these
fields I don't I don't think that you
know the Corn Refiners Association is
extremely worried about the salaries of
their workers who do manual labor for
them I think they're more concerned
about the business profits that and we
don't know what's happening with those
but I'm you know there there's no really
there's no accountability on the private
side no requirement that they distribute
the wealth fairly right so if there's a
perfect balance between regulation that
protects the consumers from being
poisoned by their food or a regulation
that protects the workers from being
injured or killed on the job and profit
it's probably best if the arbiter of
what that perfect balance is is not the
profit ears but rather an agency that's
accountable to the people yeah this is a
government agency they're they're being
I mean their salaries are paid for by
taxpayers this isn't this should not be
a place where corporate interests get to
run wild and there are other things too
it's not just people something I didn't
mention in the Oracle was that in the
last few weeks sonny perdue had
withdrawn and Obama era regulation that
was set to go into effect quite soon
which would have protected animal
welfare so they just decide we're just
gonna get rid of it because our
priorities do not lie with the welfare
of the animals that are being farmed
Alex you need to write a whole nother
article about that because there are a
lot of Americans who have tremendous
sympathy for animals and the way the
animals are treated in the agriculture
industry and I think that if you have a
headline that's just about that it might
blow up all of this and then they'll
click and we'll read about the rest of
the conflict of interest as well sure I
could I mad love I want to look into
that and so that's something I've kind
of kept in on the back burner for now
but you know it's it's not just that
animal welfare it's also things like
sanitation which which age the animals
lives and prevents them from getting
sick also can prevent the meat from
being tainted so I think these things
are between the animal rights and our
health and nutrition I think they're
kind of linked in a way that maybe some
people at the USDA don't think or don't
realize or don't really care about yeah
and see and that kind of brings it all
home to the why should we care part of
the conversation which you know maybe
should always happen first I asked a
similar question to this panel of
constitutional scholars who were making
the case for impeachment of Donald Trump
and they spent an inordinate amount of
time actually on conflict of interest on
the emoluments clauses and the
Constitution and the fact that Donald
Trump and also the Kushner family as
we're learning more and more have
basically mixed their family businesses
with American foreign policy in ways
that could be to the detriment of the
people in this country even if it's to
the advantage of their businesses and I
asked them why do you spend so much time
focusing on the financial self-dealing
and what they said was is that if we
only focus on the things that are the
worst or the most infamous in the
headlines what that's saying to future
presidents in future
ministrations is that as long as you
don't get mixed up in you know foreign
governments to influence elections or
obstruction of justice the conflict of
interest part is okay yeah I mean I
agree with that as someone who does
accountability journalism you know it's
important to call out all troubling
aspects of any elected official I mean
I'm glad you mentioned that because one
of these lobbyists I mentioned has a
husband who is a recent lobbyist who now
works at the EPA so that this is a
common thing another one of these USDA
lobbyists has a spouse who has
investments in Monsanto and Caterpillar
I believe these are both major companies
that are in the agriculture industry so
these are people a couple that shares a
bank account and and then it's
personally invested in these companies
that could benefit from USDA policy so
that's a whole nother can of worms is
the financial interest in those
conflicts is there anything that you
wanted to add before we go oh no I mean
the only other thing I'd say is that I
imagine their their you know career
staffers at places like the USDA and if
there's anyone out there who wants to
speak with me I have encrypted email you
can find it on my Twitter so feel free
to get in touch I'd love to talk to
anyone who's inside the agencies that
wants to wants to say something
Alex Koch thank you for your excellent
reporting for TYT investigates keep at
it thanks a lot
