retail giant's are going bankrupt left
and right which doesn't make sense since
the economy really is actually getting
better if it all the numbers show what
do you like Trump or not only has
anything to do with Trump I think has to
do with just the cycle of the economics
but he's president while the economy is
clearly getting better but a recent
report by David daen in The New Republic
shines a light on what's really behind
retail stores like Macy's or Toys R Us
and countless other other companies
being forced to shut their doors now we
just happen to have Peter mache Peter
you are specialist in this vulture
capitalism you you've handled huge cases
where it comes to this type of predatory
capitalism that's taken place what's
happened why are these people going
bankrupt I'm all in favor of making
money and it's not the the problem here
these are these asset stripping schemes
where they come in these private equity
firms and they just load the company
down with debt and they strip the
capital they strip the revenue out of
the company and one of the key ways they
do it is that they'll they'll loan the
company hundreds and hundreds of
millions of dollars they strip the
assets off like the actual physical
property that they're on and put them in
other entities and then they charge the
actual retailer like Kmart and Sears did
this they charge them rent which just so
the debt the rent it just chokes the
company and then they start selling off
assets like Kmart and Sears did it with
craftsman you know the the tools and
lands and outdoor supplies so they strip
the asset they had to sell the asset
just to stay in evidence their
modern-day
and and the Trump administration has now
made this not only okay but they've
given them the goods keeping house of
approval by giving them a tax credit for
the for the debt payments that they've
made and for the interest payments less
here's a story that I think really tells
it so you got this you've got this
organization that comes in let's see
it's balloon capital one of them golden
something Golden Gate Capital and
balloon capital the two firms put
together a merger
okay four with them pay less they come
in they say they say to pay less we're
here to help you we're gonna make your
your life wonderful your stocks going to
go up and everything's going to be good
well they're nothing but vultures okay
they come in they strip the company
interesting they make two billion in
cash they paid themselves by the way
these two you know predatory companies
they pay themselves seven hundred
million dollars that they pay themselves
in dividends in dividends so they can
jack up their bonuses and they can jack
up bonuses forces and bankruptcy and now
bailiffs isn't bankrupt but this is the
new method of operation in America the
this it we thought it went away after
Gordon Gekko of to oh my god is this
makes Gordon Gekko look like a saint my
god they've taken it to the to a whole
new way by the way have you why is it
that you always see Duke University's
name behind some of these folks that are
doing it do they have like a special MBA
program that shows corporate raiders how
to do do this have it's amazing
