David hog one of the students and
activists from parkland Florida who's
calling for gun control legislation
appeared on Allison Colorado show on CNN
new day and during the discussion
Allison camerata said something that
triggered those on the right which I
thought was kind of interesting let's
take a look at what she said and then
I'll give you the backlash David I am
stunned that four colleges
rejected you what kind of dumbass
colleges don't want you
I mean you've taken the country by storm
how do you explain this did they reject
you before the Parkland massacre or or
how do you explain this okay so that's
what she said and look David hog is
obviously a bright young man he has a
incredibly high GPA four point two four
point two his SAT score is pretty good
it's in the 1200s good enough so he's
he's obviously a well-spoken bright
young man right so that's her opinion
and I don't know why anyone would be
triggered by that but apparently those
on the right are very upset at camera
Radha's commentary there Erick Erickson
shared his point of view he said the
kind that look at grades and academics
not activism yeah well his grades and
academics are pretty stellar so moving
on Steven Miller while CNN did it white
privilege is real and is so perfectly
summed up in this clip I'm officially
whoa that's just like a mad lib of
buzzwords I know I I was like what is he
even saying right now I just I don't
know I really don't know what that was
but my kids filling out college
applications community service and all
of that stuff is welcome so including
activism so if you have a high GPA and
good SAT scores and you're out there
trying to change legislators to benefit
children who are dying I think that that
should look that should make a con job
occasionally look good well this
basically says to me is that nobody
knows how college works so admissions
were in the fall and so
you probably had to turn in the
admissions and it's a UC school in
December and so now the parkland
shooting happened after the fact so I
don't know what his activism looked like
beforehand and I went to UCLA actually I
was a Bruin and the Bruins and I was
also a Trojan so I have to but but
actually the acceptance rate is an issue
with the UC schools and especially UCLA
they in 2017 they got a hundred thousand
students applying to get into UCLA and
they accepted sixteen thousand students
that is sixteen percent so yeah 4.2
actually will not cut it because they're
not asking the appropriate question
which is is it weighted or unweighted
did he take AP classes what were was he
in the top percentile at his school so
those things matter in terms of the
college admissions process but of course
the the right wing is like you said just
stringing together buzzwords attacking
him and then people on the line I hardly
want to call CNN the left but moderates
are you know push their own sort of
agenda and which I think it is like
defending her like she had a 17 year old
on her show and she like was like hey
welcome to the show you know you you're
making news you're such a big a
difference in the world what kind of
nerds don't let you into their school
this is the aftereffect moment that's
what I'm saying so like okay go for a
year do what you need to do reapply or
transfer and you will order the
my perspective on this look I just wanna
look no one really cares I don't even
think Alison Cammarata cares I hate to
put words in her mouth
she was just saying something in my
opinion to be nice this is not meant to
be a freaking national headline but my
take on this is the right-wing loves to
take issues that you know need to be
discussed right like double standards in
society especially in our justice system
when it comes to two different groups of
people we have a two-tier justice system
it is clear as day and so when we talk
about things like white privilege you
know it's it's not to demonize anyone
it's not to say that white people have
like this upper hand and are always
super successful and wealthy it's to say
that we have certain systemic issues
that treat two different people in a
completely different way even if they've
committed the same crime or acted in a
similar fashion Rock Turner for instance
he was the Stanford University student
who got caught raping someone behind a
dumpster and got six months a six-month
sentence which by the way it was
shortened after that for raping someone
and so the reason why I bring that up
and the reason why I bring up white
privilege is because white privilege is
not hey you're automatically wealthy and
successful white privilege is hey you
know if you have a black 23 year old
caught raping someone behind a dumpster
their justice system is gonna treat that
individual very differently from someone
like Brock Turner who got that six
months sentence right so that's that's
what I mean and so my long spiel is
about how the right will then take
stories like this all right and mock
don't know for sure and I love the The
Young Turks takes accounting and then
makes them accountable for just spewing
things out there that also have a direct
impact a material impact on people's
life so I love that you all do that what
my frustration is is bad journalism
basically like I know she was trying to
mollify him in that moment and be kind
to a young person on her show but also
like do you understand anything about
college admission well you make
I heard journalism and I just mainstream
media and just the journalists that and
anchors that they have on I'm not you
know I live TV show on a 24-hour news
cycle
I would I would direct my vector toward
the 24-hour news cycle not the way that
it is you know it engenders itself in
this situation I would have it in like
in in the way that the tweets that we
see from Erick Erickson come out where
people are like the dynamic is we smell
a little blood in the water
I believe we're Bruce with his like eyes
glazed over trying to eat Nemo like
that's what they're all doing and they
get confused and they don't they're not
really thinking through it and they
think it's cool cuz they're all in a
community right now they get likes you
get more likes for this is this is
masturbation for sure for sure the
policing of a moment is ridiculous and
that's where we've gone like hyper meta
with the way that journalism opera
especially from the source that that's
what makes it so funny to me god forbid
this lady have a moment with a kid that
survived a massacre and say they would
be crazy not to have you but that self
righteousness that we've taken on and
that we were constantly judging
everybody and they were walking around
thinking that we're greater than now I'm
a comedian but I do know a little bit
about college except daughter who is a
very very you know she's pretty dope and
awesome and I do know that when when we
talk about someone told my daughters
don't apply to UCLA you're not Asian
they want they're not gonna let you in
and we know that there are biases and
colleges and that there are this this
system that we like to promote and say
that this is this is how it is and this
is the standard we know that that is not
the case because we look at college
campuses throughout the country and
people have to have HBCUs that black
kids can go to colleges because it is
not equal and it is not even for
everybody especially black children you
know especially at UCLA we had a whole
sort of organizing around the fact they
give you some of the numbers for this
year there were you
when only 98 black students were oh yeah
no CLA so yeah there are so many groups
that don't get in so if you shouldn't
have to have a 4.6 GPA mm but they would
want you cuz they because they're
looking for balance absolutely really
yeah I thought it was harder to get it
for Madison no no there's a whole
controversy around this no easier
because money for you are and actually
they're supposed to admit more calcaneus
students ya know and they now
international students but they're
supposed to admit more California
students than they're actually admitting
because they do get money from the state
to subsidize their education so it's a
bit of a controversy actually if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
