Democratic congresswoman Elizabeth Esty
of Connecticut is in a little bit of
trouble and it has to do with her
handling of an abuse case inside of her
staff the very top actually solves her
chief of staff and the inciting incident
FERS for this seems have been a
threatening email that her chief of
staff sent it's our voicemail to an
ex-girlfriend of this who also happened
to be one of STS aides the the voicemail
said this you better effing reply to me
or I will effin kill you
I don't know what those words are cuz
they're policed out inside of the
graphic but it sounds bad and so in
response to that Anna Kane the aide
alerted the police filed a report for
felony threats and obtained a 12-month
restraining order against Baker so Kane
understandably jumped into action and
did something about this and she also
alerted her employer Kane said she
provided detailed allegations that Baker
had punched berated and sexually
harassed her inside of s DS Capitol Hill
office throughout 2014 while she worked
as SDS senior adviser and apparently
though while she jumped into action SD
did not and so Baker didn't actually end
up leaving that office for three months
by his last day on August 12th according
to documents SD provided the post he and
SD had co-written a positive
recommendation letter he could use in a
job search and signed a legal document
preventing her from disparaging him or
discussing why he left he then went to
work for Sandy Hook promise which that's
that's a weird connection to the modern
discussion we're having right now and a
little bit scary he was dismissed from
that group this week so they responded
more quickly than the Democratic
congresswoman did by the way SD also
admitted to the Connecticut post that
she arranged for a five thousand dollar
severance for Baker upon his dismissal
and so he gets the severance he gets a
recommendation letter after violent
threats and sexual harassment against
one of her aides that's a little scary
that was a chief of staff this wasn't
some random guy I mean this is a guy
with power inside of her office he had
power over her aides and employees and
despite the clear that the obvious show
that he could not be he could not be
given that sort of he couldn't be
trusted with that sort of responsibility
as Steve really dragged her heels on
doing something about it it's so
normalized everywhere in every industry
and it shows you that even when you have
a female employer if a male counterpart
is threatening you harassing you
stalking you they're still not gonna
take it seriously because it's so
rampant and so normalized I mean we're
talking about a person who sent this
person off with gifts a recommendation
letter a recommendation letter after he
threatened to kill her and actually eat
her multiple times so again going back
to the mass shooting discussion domestic
violence threats stalking women shared
character characteristics between
violent men who should not be employed
especially in the government yeah
like Rob Porter's yeah I'm fertile and
for Democratic members of Congress I
mean like if you heard this coming out
of like a Republicans office
you'd be like oh right maybe he's a wife
beater too and that's like what they
talk about on their in their locker room
conversations is how to beat their wives
but like this is a female Democratic
woman of Congress who remember of
Congress who needs to like be taking the
lead on setting the example of how you
deal with these kind of issues and like
I think that if somebody makes an
accusation there is a time period where
it should be investigated there should
be some kind of official record it
shouldn't just be lob an accusation get
your boss fired but when there's a
restraining order I mean somebody looked
at the facts of the matter and said okay
there's a legitimate concern for the
safety of this person there was a male
yeah she heard the voicemail
I'd be like beaten it's not even that
okay I'm in the relationship with the
first word I've been getting beat yeah
and threatened by this man I know then
it's Sheen imagine and there shouldn't
be like then a parachute like he got
$5,000 to go away
like we won't we won't use this against
you it's it is insane you know I mean
it's it's really crazy how little we
take this seriously in this country I
mean it's like a like the violent trauma
that's inflicted on people like men and
women in relationships it like you said
leads to other things and especially
when it's in a workplace environment
like it should be you know and we're
like and I think she's a progressive
member of college a sponsored a gun bill
in fact she's been on TV a lot I think
is a congresswoman but she screwed up
yeah that was that was there's no
justification for that but moving
forward wanted to let people know and
there were 21 female members of Congress
that are senators that came out saying
hey HR for 8 to 2 which is the
Congressional Accountability Act is it
passed the House of Representatives and
it says that members of Congress they
have to pay out of their own pocket for
sexual harassment lawsuits and a whole
bunch of other things and streamlines
the reporting that passed the House of
Representatives it is sitting in the
United States Senate if you want to do
something contact your senator and say
you know co-sponsor and get HR 482 to
pass yeah and it's not at one point just
like a week or two ago it was in as an
amendment in a version of the spending
bill and it was unfortunately taken out
near the last minute it seemed I mean if
you can't if you can't even pass this
like but the fact that our elected
representatives when they have all of
these sexual harassment sexual abuse
scandals still can't take it seriously
when they are being gunned down in the
Capitol they can't take guns seriously
they won't even protect themselves let
alone us it's a level of cowardice and
apathy that even for me like I I have to
for my job I have to pay attention the
news I'm still shocked that they are so
unwilling to do literally anything to
protect themselves and their employees
these are the people they spend all of
their time with and they won't do
anything and one of the things that
actually scares me is I'm very glad that
we're in this moment where the thanks in
large part to the Parkland students
we're taking the gun threat very
seriously and we're staying on that
topic and we're dealing with it and that
is great we're also as a country and in
the media very bad at juggling a lot of
things at the same
we had a period of several months where
people were taking sexual harassment and
sexual assault and rape very seriously
and the campaign's behind the scenes are
still operating obviously that the the
legal funds that are raising money to
defend women and things like that but
it's not something that I'm seeing in
the news every day and it's entirely
possible that some of these sorts of
scandals which were coming up in large
part because of the added spotlight now
we won't see anything about them some of
them will go back into the shadows and
I'm worried about this there is trump
signing this bill there action would be
the thing that you would veto it over
throwing things and spending bills and
trying to shut down Congress based on
like daca or this I mean let's hold this
forward
absolutely but let him veto it over the
sexual like please like if they're gonna
destroy everything you might as well
like destroy some good ideas like
straight out in public you know what I
mean like the reason I'm gonna stop the
government is so that your member of
Congress can continue to sexually harass
and you know without any accountability
and the taxpayers you will have to pay
for it if there's any lawsuits of that
that's why we're gonna shut down the
government to defend the freedom to
sexually harass there is a day of
reckoning we could we get a chance to
throw out all 435 members of the House
of Representatives on November 6 and a
third of the Senate
yeah they a lot of them are asking for
it there is a revolution every two years
in the United States created by the
founding fathers it's called an election
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
