The Wall Street Journal is reporting
that for the first time more than half
of the states in the US are requiring
students to pay more in tuition for
state schools and universities compared
to what the government is contributing
to their tuition so these again are
government funded they're not private
schools however historically the
government has stepped in and provided
enough funding so their portion of the
tuition actually outweighed what the
students pay for their tuition but again
for the first time students are paying
more in tuition to attend these schools
compared to what the government is
contributing the state higher education
executive Officers Association looked
into this and what they found was that
all of these states are using the
funding in order to pay for their state
Medicaid programs and also for state
employees retirement and health care
services but they have not increased
taxes to account for all of these things
so the lawmakers refuse to pay the taxes
or refuse to raise the taxes and guess
what happens we have the emergence of
regressive taxes and in this case
tuition serves as a regressive tax so to
give you an example of how much this is
impacting students we're talking about
averages here
okay prices are actually more expensive
on a case by case basis but the average
tuition for a 4-year public college or
university was about six thousand five
hundred seventy two dollars in 2017 and
that was up from four thousand seven
hundred eighty four dollars in 2008 so
some might think it's not that big of a
deal
but think about it these are public
colleges and universities these are
supposed to be the affordable option for
kids who grew up in an underprivileged
socioeconomic status or just general
families that have stresses economic
stresses such that you know you want
your kid to go to a state school I mean
it's a public institution a lot of
people move to various states because
the
systems there in terms of higher
education are better than they might be
in the state that they're currently
residing it's a real problem and this is
this higher education in the the fact
that the cost keep escalating to the
point that it's not accessible to people
it it creates the divide it creates the
divide that we already see between the
rich and the not rich and I'll just call
it that but we all know what I'm saying
that gets wider and wider and this is
one more way it gets wider because the
cost of public education public
education is Anna says it's it's not
pride look private education isn't
really accessible to any of us I mean
the the the loans you have to take out
to get into these schools and in the
private the world of private education
they're insane I mean you can get into
it but you're gonna graduate with a lot
of debt here when it's public education
that is to say underwritten by those of
us who live in the state it should be
accessible to all of us who live in the
state Marya crisis it is a crisis
because education especially higher
education serves as a way for people to
pull themselves out of poverty and
anyone on the right who makes these
arguments about pulling picking yourself
up by the bootstraps or pulling yourself
by the bootstraps is that the statement
it's not pulling it up so yeah I mean
that's such a disingenuous statement
when you consider what they have done to
affordable education for people so I'll
give you an example public spending per
student actually declined 24% between
2008 and 2012 appropriations began
taking back up in 2012 but their
recovery has been uneven across the
country which is why you have about half
of the state's you know not contributing
enough they're not even contributing an
equal amount as the students the
students are contributing way more
toward their tuition at these state
schools at these public state schools in
2016 students in 24 states paid more
than half of the cost of their education
at public schools in 2017 through a
combination of budget cuts and tuition
hikes
students in Kentucky Louisiana Oklahoma
Mississippi I'm seeing a trend here also
past the mark so we can see which states
prioritize their students when it comes
to this issue and student loan debt does
it simply impact the lives of the
students who carry that debt it impacts
our economy as a whole
these are people who are now tethered to
a debt that they could never get rid of
even in the case of bankruptcy and they
are not able to participate in the
economy the same way generations prior
to them we're able to they're not able
to purchase homes they're not able to
you know you know develop their lives
the way that their parents are able to
do so and it's just really sad to see
this happen I don't mean to sound like
you know the super live line here but
I'm just gonna say it the people who
benefit from what n is talking about
which is that student loan debt are
Donald Trump and all of his buddies I
mean again sorry for what you know what
is the typical I know the problem is
though Trump but it is those student
loan companies they're the ones who are
benefiting and and as we've seen they're
increasing their ability to to to a to
tax those loans they've changed the
entire way that that structure is
working and the way that they can go
after you and they can be brutal frankly
and going after you and these student
loans so those student loan companies
they're the ones who are benefiting from
this but to see it happening on with
with public education public higher
education it's a it's it's heartbreaking
because that is the that is the way that
most of us should be able to get a pass
into higher education absolutely and you
know it's it's not just private lenders
obviously private lenders charge these
high interest rates that keep these
students in debt for a very long period
of time in some cases for the rest of
their lives but the federal government
also gives out these student loans with
lower interest rates but the interest
rates are considerably higher than what
the banks received when they got that
bailout money so I mean it's just
something to think about what are we
prioritizing in this country it doesn't
seem to be the future of the country
does
seem to be helping to educate those who
want to educate themselves who want to
be productive members of society it
seems as though you know actions are
taken over and over again to make it
less possible for people to you know
create a great life for themselves to
create that American Dream for them so
to give them access to education
shouldn't everyone have access to
education where the richest country in
the world and we can't get access to
education to all the people who live
here it's just wrong if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
