a new investigation by ABC News has
discovered that Scott Pruett the head of
our EPA had been staying in a condo in
Capitol Hill that was apparently
co-owned by an energy lobbyists wife yes
an energy lobbyists wife the chief of
the EPA was staying in this condo which
means that it could potentially be a
huge conflict and it could potentially
serve as a gift that is unlawful in this
type of context let me give you more
details president Trump's EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett occupied
prime real estate in a townhouse near
the US Capitol that is co-owned by the
wife of a top energy lobbyist Steven J
Hart now it was at the US Capitol I
apologize not necessarily on Capitol
Hill but it was prime real estate
expensive real estate and what you
should be concerned about is that
neither Scott Pruett nor Steven J Hart
are willing to disclose how much he was
renting that condo for he could have
been staying there for free he could
have been paying market value again we
don't know because they will not
disclose that information mr. Hart is
the chairman and CEO of will Williams
and Jensen a firm that reported more
than 16 million dollars in federal
lobbying income in 2017 alone and that's
according to the Center for Responsive
responsive politics just last year an
energy company Chenery Energy Inc
reported paying hearts firm eighty
thousand dollars now what does this
energy company want from the EPA
something very specific a hearts firm
specifically lobbied on issues related
to the export of liquefied natural gas
or LNG approval of LNG exports and
export facilities now this energy
company owned the only active liquid
natural gas export plant in the United
States at the time liquid national
liquid natural gas exports was on the
agenda for discussion during Pruitt's
December 2017 trip to Morocco so homeboy
goes to Morocco
and starts talking to government
officials there and he's like ah that
liquefied natural gas you know you
wanted it's so good right so why is he
going to Morocco and encouraging them to
you know purchase liquefied natural gas
from the United States well one of the
energy companies that hired this
lobbying group essentially wanted that
and Pruitt was able to stay in this
condo for who knows how much or how
little yeah and it's five so that roll
call called
this these the hearts a lobbyist power
couple so they are known in Washington
for being powerful representatives on
Capitol Hill and at the White House for
dirty energy and we're seeing a you
could say well but you know there's
nothing in what he's doing that would
reflect that he is in bed with the
energy companies only everything he's
doing would suggest that he's in bed
with the energy companies we're seeing
historic rollbacks of restrictions on
chemical dumping on a Superfund
Superfund funding and that's that's the
cleaning up of toxic waste and then to
to Anna's point opening the doors to
energy companies in this country in ways
that we haven't seen in decades I mean
even under the Bush administration which
was being spearheaded by Cheney and his
henchmen associated with Big Oil we
didn't see this kind of thing so this is
just one more way that we see this close
association and you only have to go to
the EPA website to see how he scrubbed
the EPA website of any reference to a
climate change to co2 emissions being
connected in any way to changing of the
climate and general pollutants and the
environment this guy's a mess I mean you
can take the pee out of EPA the guys
have an absolute blight on the
environment and he's doing everything I
mean he and his policies are a blight on
the environment and this country he's
disgusting and this is one more way that
he's just sleeping with the serpent's
when he rents this this place in
Washington from two known lobbyists for
energy it's it's crazy and it's so
incredibly brazen I mean the fact that
he was staying
in this condo its co-owned by these
lobbyists that very clearly push for
deregulation of energy and and you know
the oil and gas companies it's just so
clear and and again it's not as though
you know Pruitt hasn't already taken
action that that favors what these
companies want what these lobbyists
pushed for I mean he went to Morocco
late last year specifically pushing for
the US export of this liquefied natural
gas now the firm and meeting the
lobbying firm also lists on his website
that it lobbies on other EPA policies
like the Clean Air Act and let me tell
you something they are not lobbying in
favor of the Clean Air Act obviously
very much against it also a career
employee in the EPA's Office of Public
Affairs has recently distributed eight
talking points to the regional staffers
that offered suggestions on ways to talk
with local communities and Native
American tribes about how to adapt to
extreme weather rising seas and other
environmental challenges why is that
relevant to this story well it all kind
of fits together like a puzzle piece if
you look at all the policies that Pruett
is pushed for it all has to do with
climate change denial and also with
deregulating any and all environmental
protection measures that we're taking
and taken in the previous administration
now let me tell you what some of those
talking points are human activity
impacts our changing climate in some
manner the ability to measure with
precision the degree and extent of of
that impact and what to do about it are
subject to continuing debate and
dialogue so the EPA is telling you know
its employees to approach the topic of
climate change in that way that is a
complete and utter lie there is no
disagreement there is no continuing
debate and dialogue regarding the human
impact on climate change the vast
majority of climate scientists the vast
majority of scientists agree on this
very issue well and also even that these
pollutants are being discharged within
metric tons
the sort that affect lifespan and 7% of
the world will actually have their
lifespan limited that is they they died
way before their time premature death as
a result of air pollution so we just
know them to be pollutants so I
understand this climate change is a fun
tug of war that this administration has
gotten its talk talking points on and so
is the entire GOP and you can sit there
with your Uncle Bob and talk about it
and he'll tell you well there's
scientists who disagree about climate
change yeah if if I put you in the
garage with the car running it'll kill
you and that's what we're doing with
this planet we're just discharging more
and more of these pollutants and rolling
back restrictions on them and our giant
garage is filling up with these
pollutants so it's the EPA has really I
mean honestly it's almost as though you
really can't call it the Environmental
Protection Agency any longer right
that's it that's a great point it's now
and can you even call it environmental
agency no environmental destruction
agency it's what they and it's what they
are it's what they're charged to do
which is protect the environment if
there's so many of these toxified
regions that require government funding
and government attention and scientists
leaning in to try to solve these issues
these each issues of toxifying where we
live but what what's happened here is
you have someone leading the EPA who
doesn't want any of those things he
wants to defund all of those things I've
just mentioned and then he wants to
remove regulations on additional pollute
pollutants both with air water and
beyond I just it suppresses me because
it seems like such a such a non partisan
issue
it shouldn't be a partisan right it
shouldn't be but unfortunately it is a
partisan issue because of money and
corporate interests that again they want
to protect their bottom line they have a
profit motive these gas companies and
oil and coal companies they want to
protect any and all profits any and all
you know money that they could possibly
make and it doesn't matter if it's going
to happen
you know to our detriment or if it's
going to negatively impact us I mean it
negatively impacts all of us but they
don't care all they're focusing on is
short-term gains privatize those gains
socialize those losses so yeah it's a
the I mentioned the toxification of
things you know there's so much runoff
into the Mississippi River I think 40%
of the of the toxins associated with
runoff flow into the Mississippi River
to the point that there's a huge dead
zone in the Gulf that's the size of New
Jersey because of all of the these
toxins flowing into the into the
Mississippi so as we see our lands we
see the air and water all toxified we
need government in this way there's no
way private industry is going to cover
us there's no responsibility in private
industry as Anna sets they want to
maximize their profits that's all
they're concerned with and and that
really is their their responsibility to
their shareholders but our
responsibility our government's
responsibility to the people is to
protect us from so many of these
industries that spew these toxins into
the environment and it's just not
happening
exactly we gotta take one more break in
this hour so let's do that and when we
come back mmm
Scott Walker got told by some judges
I'll give you the details on that and
more if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole younger
so every day
