veteran affairs secretary david Shulkin
has been ousted from the veterans
department and part of the reason why is
because there has been some fallout
between him and Donald Trump we'll get
to those details in just a minute but he
has been replaced by Ronnie L Jackson an
individual that you might have read
about fairly recently because he was the
person who gave an hour-long press
conference in regard to Donald Trump's
health and condition now Trump said
Wednesday that he was removing Shulkin
and tapping Admiral Ronnie Jackson the
White House physician as his replacement
ending weeks of uncertainty at the
embattled agency now Donald Trump
decided to take to Twitter to broadcast
this news to everyone and he said I'm
pleased to announce that I intend to
nominate highly respected Admiral Ronnie
o Jackson MD as the new Secretary of
Veterans Affairs at least you spelled
veterans correct actually that was that
was not a bad tweet you know the proper
words were capitalized it was it was
impressive you know low standards but
still impressive alright so he also said
in the interim honor a Robert Wilkie of
the Department of Defense will serve as
Acting Secretary I am thankful for dr.
David shulk ins service to our country
and to our great veterans now the big
question here is how much of this
decision had to do with the fact that
there are certain members within trumps
administration that are pushing for the
privatization of the VA and it seems
like that is one of the largest reasons
and also why is it that Ronnie Jackson
is stepping in now how how is he
qualified to fill this position and just
to give you a little information about
him he served as a presidential
physician since 2013 so meaning under
the Obama administration his experience
in the White House goes back to the
George W Bush administration he was also
in charge of resuscitative medicine for
the trauma response unit during the Iraq
war he also praised Trump's health and
has credited him for his good genes so
he was complimentary towards Trump which
could give you some idea as to why Trump
would have him to fill secretary David
shulk ins role in the VA yeah but Kerry
that'll carry a long way with this
administration with this president
certainly and the notion that they want
to privatize the VA is the whole game
probably and there's always the palace
intrigue that goes on with the Trump
administration there who's everybody in
that in that White House is jockeying
for position there are leaks from
everyone there are conspiracies to a
certain people that has been has been
going on since the first hour and it
continues to go on but what's happening
at the VA is there's a big push to
privatize it and there's a big push to
privatize a lot of things that are that
are associated with everything in
government including the military we've
talked about that before Eric Prince who
was connected to this White House wants
a privatization of many military
endeavors but anyway on the VA he was
sort of viewed as the last bulwark the
thing that was going to be the last step
in holding up the privatization of the
VA he was the one argument against
privatizing it so get him out because we
want to privatize this whole
organization and that argument won the
day here all right so let's get into the
infighting the conflict the drama and
how this all came about because I think
the inner workings of the administration
are fascinating especially in this case
now keep in mind I want to preface
preface everything by mentioning that
there have been numerous members of
trumps administration who have raised
eyebrows because of their very I guess
generous spending of taxpayer money on
things like travel and they're still
within the administration they have not
been fired Tom Price was the only person
who stepped down because of how much he
had spent on travel however there are
other members of trumps administration
who have spent money on ridiculous
things and they're still there but it
seems as though the excuses for getting
rid of Shulkin had to do with the way
that he had
spent taxpayer money now let's talk
about the privatization issue at the
heart of the dispute between Shulkin and
Trump appointees were changes to a
program known as choice that allows some
veterans to seek private health care
shokhin favored a modest expansion of
the program that would still leave it up
to the VA doctors whether patients can
seek private care now again he was kind
of the person who prevented the
floodgates of privatization within the
VA and there were members of Trump's
team that did not like that so successes
with the department david Shulkin wrote
in The New York Times successes within
the department have intensified the
ambitions of people who want to put VA
health care in the hands of the private
sector
I believe differences in philosophy
deserve robust debate and solutions
should be determined based on the merits
of the arguments the advocates for
privatizing VA health services however
reject this approach he continues to
write in his op-ed and by the way this
was after he was fired they saw me as an
obstacle to privatization who had to be
removed that is because I am convinced
that privatization is a political issue
aimed at rewarding select people and
companies with profits even if it
undermines care for veterans now let's
get into the issue of spending taxpayer
money the Trump administration is trying
to make it seem as though they got rid
of him because of a misuse of funds and
again there have been other members of
the administration who have misused
taxpayer money but they're still there
so I see this as an excuse even though I
do agree that he shouldn't have spent
the money in the way that was outlined
here now let's go to graphic 11 feelings
on Shulkin became began to sour in
February when the VA Inspector General
released a report on a trip to Europe
over the summer that found Shulkin spent
most of his time sightseeing rather than
conducting official business and
improperly accepted tickets to a
Wimbledon tennis match as a gift
apparently his wife also accompanied him
on that trip and after this report came
out Shulkin said I will 100% reimburse
the governor
for those funds and it didn't matter
they decided to get rid of him anyway
because it wasn't about the misuse of
taxpayer money
there are numerous members of trumps
administration who misuse taxpayer money
this was all about seeing him as an
obstacle to privatizing the VA and so
they used that as an excuse to get rid
of him
yeah and it's funny when they I mean it
really is laughable when they talk about
some kind of honest debate on subjects
and you know and Trump even says I like
to put two people who disagree on things
in a room I listen to the arguments and
then I make a decision no that's not
really the way it works what you really
do is you put two people who agree with
you in a room and you decide how you're
going to pursue whatever policy you've
already decided you're gonna pursue and
that was the case here he was an
obstacle to that he wants that
privatization and look he's not he
doesn't sound like the kind of guy who I
would necessarily make my pal because I
do think that he went to great shall we
say there was considerable access in the
way he took that vacation and he laid it
on thick
having said that he is right he's
probably the the guy who evaluated
what's going on at the VA and felt the
privatization was a bad idea so in in
that sense he's right and and and it's a
loss to the VA the Shogun's departure
however when you get to the guy who's
gonna replace him you're talking about a
guy who has no management experience
that's right you got to understand the
VA is a huge organization that's charged
with tremendous responsibilities to help
veterans who are in crisis often I mean
there's a huge PTSD problem is so huge
suicide problem there's a huge problem
we've heard about the veterans literally
dying because they're waiting for
treatments that they're not getting so
this is a this is an administration
that's besieged by problems the VA you
need a management structure in there
that is really going to make a
difference a guy who's never really been
involved with management is not the
choice to replace him even though he's
really good at complimenting the
president that's that's exactly right
and and my concern is that you privatize
the VA and the care is not going to
improve it's actually going to get worse
now one of the issues with the VA was
how
severely underfunded it was there wasn't
enough attention and enough resources
being pumped into the VA to ensure that
we were doing right by our veterans and
there is no reason to believe that the
private sector is gonna do better with
our veterans considering the way that
they're dealing with the American people
in general and David Shulkin made that
point in his New York Times op-ed and I
completely agree with him on this so
graphic ten he says the private sector
already struggling to provide adequate
access to care in many communities is
ill-prepared to handle the number and
complexity of patients that would come
from closing or downsizing VA hospitals
and clinics particularly when it
involves the mental health needs of
people scarred by the horrors of war and
so I think that he had some legitimate
concerns there but as he also mentioned
there was no room for robust debate
members of trumps team have already made
up their mind in regard to privatizing
the VA and it seems like they're headed
in that direction they don't care about
veterans they just don't there they're
all show and no go it's all that of the
military military military I have a
military parade we're to celebrate our
military but when they talk about
funding the military they're not funding
the VA they're not funding PTSD and
suicide problems in opiate abuse that
all of which afflicts that veterans in
record numbers now they're not talking
about that
oh all they're talking about is ways to
make money so they dole out to their
corporate pals and private businesses
pieces of the VA and they're gonna slice
it up and privatize it and it'll all be
about money and the actual services
provided to be better to veterans will
be lost it's pretty devastating and if
you you know look at the track record of
this administration you will see
instances of you know members of trumps
cabinet awarding these huge government
contracts to their pals and Betsy DeVos
is the recent example the Education
Department just gave out a huge
government contract to a debt collection
agency
that DeVoss used to be invested in so
there's no reason to believe that this
isn't an attempt to push for more
sweetheart deals for their little
cronies if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash joined get
the whole young turks o every day
