it's been a tough month for Facebook and
now the social media platform is facing
yet another lawsuit and this time it has
to do with the type of ads people are
allowed to put out on its platform and
the way that they're allowed to target
those ads now this specifically has to
do with the housing industry and how
Facebook has allegedly enabled members
of the housing industry to put out
discriminatory ads I'll explain in the
lawsuit which was filed in federal court
in New York several fair housing groups
accused Facebook of allowing landlords
and real estate companies to illegally
tailor their advertisement audiences on
the basis of sex family status number of
children and other factors so let me
give you some examples let's say you are
a landlord you have a building that has
multiple units up for rent and you want
to put out an ad on Facebook and target
that ad to certain audiences these this
group the National Fair Housing Alliance
is arguing that Facebook has these
predetermined groups like disabled vets
for instance or single moms that they
can exclude from seeing those very
advertisements so Facebook provided the
fake realtor's with pre-populated lists
of groups they could choose to exclude
from seeing the ads now let's stop for a
second when we say fake realtor's we're
talking about the group that
investigated Facebook so the National
Fair Housing Alliance did this
investigation by posing as landlords or
Realtors obviously they're not but they
wanted to see whether or not they could
put out ads that discriminate against
certain groups of people let's continue
so they choose to exclude from seeing
the ads including women or men or
families with children they could also
opt to exclude people with certain
interests including disabled veterans
disabled parking permits or learning
English as a second language now how
does Facebook determine whether or not
you fall into those predetermined groups
it's based on what you post on your page
or what you like on your page so if you
are a single mom for instance and you're
posting about being a single mom
well then Facebook will include you in
that group which will then get excluded
from seeing certain housing ads now this
is problematic because there are
literally federal laws against it so
let's go to that the groups behind the
lawsuit claim Facebook's practices
violate the Federal Fair Housing Act
which prohibits disseminating housing
ads that indicate any preference
limitation or discrimination based on
race color religion sex handicap family
status or national origin or an
intention to make any such preference
limitation or discrimination so that is
a very clear federal law and it seems as
though through this investigation the
organization does have a case against
Facebook for its part Facebook is
denying any wrongdoing they say that the
lawsuit is without merit but we'll see
how it goes back in 2016 I believe Pro
Publica a journalistic organization did
their own investigation into this and
did find wrongdoing on Facebook's part
Facebook claimed that they would change
things and that they wouldn't do this
anymore but it appears that they have
continued doing this so we'll see how it
plays out in court they want obviously
this practice to end and that it would
seem Facebook could do fairly quickly
they also want money of which Facebook
has plenty mm-hmm so we'll see how this
ultimately comes down but you know you
hate sometimes to see these big lawsuits
but on the other hand sometimes that's
the best way to make a point and they
want to make the point I think in a very
heavy way and they deserve to be able to
make the point in a big way and that
means a big fine well I'm just wondering
from this like Facebook is already in an
enormous amount of scrutiny with
Cambridge analytical last but what's
going on with that but it makes you
wonder if this is what's happening with
advertising for housing like it what
stage does this go onto with the next
advertiser like how many advertisers are
able to discriminate based on yeah
whatever they look at because for years
I mean one of the comments that was
and hook who is one of the plaintiff's
attorney she said for years this they've
been abusing their platform and
violating civil rights laws but I've
just kind of played dumb on the instance
right and I and I know that seems like a
small statement to make on a huge
company but look how much they've gotten
away with like they have they literally
gave information over to a research
publication so that they could
manipulate advertisement and all the sku
political votes and in order to
manipulate minds of people who are using
their platform but I the reason that I
have trouble for this is because I don't
even know where to start and what the
answer is because with Facebook the way
it started it was always gonna lead to a
level of what at what point are they
over reaching at what point do they know
so much about you they can manipulate I
mean I'm always hesitant to criticize
because Facebook has turned out to be
one of my primary platforms to support
rain news right and I and my audience
itself has continuously messaged me
saying I no longer see your posts now
something happened where me no longer
pops up on my feed Facebook have become
became so big so fast that they didn't
they had to work their way back in order
to cleanse what they were pushing
forward that's what this whole fake news
cleanse happened well certain videos
were being hidden in certain videos one
senators will be pushed and those
weren't so I really thought you know
what the answer is I just think that
it's an example of a company that grew
so large that it began to be allow
manipulation factors that come in to
make more money and now I'm trying to
right those wrongs well it is it's a
great point that it's it's one of those
companies that we didn't know a lot
about we kind of thought it was sort of
neutral things would show up on the
feeders they did it's a little like a
lot of other Internet companies that
also are managing the way videos are
seen and information gets out there this
is a business though that's all about
data that's what they sell they sell we
know all this about our group the reason
you go on Facebook and it's free is
because you're the product right yeah I
mean so your information is being sold
to advertisers who find that you're an
adventurous person so they serve you
maybe an SUV ad or a an outdoorsy
vacation at or something like that but
but what's happening is that as Francis
says we don't really
understand how Wild West all thing has
been they've been able to do whatever
they want there's gonna have to be some
controls put on all of that targeting
right and also regardless of where you
work or what kind of company you are you
have to follow federal laws and in
regard to these housing advertisements
you have to follow federal laws you
can't discriminate against certain
groups of people
now that's very different from being a
specific brand that wants to target an
audience that's more likely to produce
your product so if your Huggies of
course it makes sense to tailor you know
the settings and and target certain
people who are more likely advertisers
have always done that that's fine
but it's a different story when it comes
to housing if you are excluding certain
ethnic groups or certain individuals who
may be the LGBT community that's
obviously discriminatory you're not
allowed to do it based on federal law
and Facebook had already been caught
doing this they said that they would
correct their wrongs and they didn't do
it and and to your point mark last year
Facebook brought in 40 billion that's
what a be forty billion dollars worth of
Revenue and all of it was brought in
through advertisement okay yes it is a
free service for us but nothing's really
free well we're essentially doing is
giving away our data so Facebook could
utilize it for advertisers who want to
optimize and target their ads that's the
way the business works and yeah there
needs to be some oversight to make sure
that that kind of process isn't being
abused to our detriment
you know last point on this the internet
world is full of these startups that
kind of came up as rebels you know and
that was sort of a cool thing right
there are they
it was birthed in some college dorm and
then they came up and before you knew it
you had crowdfunded and it became a big
deal in facebook and it's uber and it's
Google and so on but because they came
up that way they had a certain romance
about them that allowed them to get away
with a lot of stuff live at uber I mean
they completely ignored local
restrictions and legislative demands
associated with permitting and all they
went into markets all over the world and
just started this with this app and they
ultimately had were brushed back they
had to pull back on that and that is
what you're seeing with Facebook I think
they feel as though in the beginning
they could do all of these things
without much oversight now there is
oversight as Anna says there are in
violation of federal law
hey there's a new sheriff in town and
it's going to have to clean it they'll
have to clean up that act you just watch
the video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
