Walmart has agreed to pull cosmopolitan
magazine's from its checkout line
shelves after a an anti porn group
complained about it enough
that's what am I gonna read Ana when I'm
online okay so now to be clear Walmart
will still sell cosmopolitan magazine's
but they will not include the magazine
in the checkout lines now this is the
reason why the National Center on sexual
exploitation has been fighting rather
aggressively to do away with these
magazines in the checkout line they feel
that these magazines objectify women
overly sexualized women and they're not
okay with that the group's successful
actually successfully pressured Walmart
back in 2015 to place cosmopolitan
behind blockers in these checkout lanes
so they already had the blockers the
blockers were there you would like this
is what the magazine would look like
right think so I'm like I'm one of the
models right and this is what it look
like
you wouldn't even really see anything
but anyway Walmart now has now agreed to
completely pull them from the checkout
lines Haley Halverson who is the vice
president of advocacy advocacy and
outreach at the organization says you
can go through and buy groceries with
your family knowing you don't have to be
exposed to this graphic and often
degrading and offensive material instead
all of these magazines will be moved in
isolation to the magazine racks look
overall I guess I don't care that much I
just I hate like this puritanical
society that we're living in and also
let's take a look at some of the covers
yeah I guess they're a little sexy but
if this is what our standard is then are
they gonna get rid of Men's Health
magazine where you see men top letour
shirtless with like those ripped
beautiful abs and okay calm down ana arm
muscles the tribal like don't do that no
but you're right about the other
magazines because shape up and Men's
Fitness and all of them to have have
shirtless guys and and I'm glad we
showed the covers because the Cosmo
covers just aren't in any way sexual you
know it looks like fashion
some woman model is grabbing her heel
while she's smiling and laughing I mean
there's I don't see the sexuality there
now you see the word sexy I saw in that
one cover and I understand that within
the pages of Cosmo they can discuss some
things that are kind of explicit but the
pictures that you see that you're
talking about kids being exposed to and
as anna says the blocker is already up
there they're not sexual pictures to
begin with so yeah I think their sexual
pictures those pictures were sexual yeah
I mean okay let's look at graphic 56
yeah let's look at graphic 50 yeah 56
that's the red carpet at the Oscars
there was more that's a good point yes
you're right nope yeah yeah I agree that
what I think it's funny I'm with you on
the whole like Puritan aspect if I'm
sure that Haley here who's posted about
this has got some things to say about
the fact is when you're walking down
another aisle in Walmart you can see a
massive ar-15 rifle it's not behind
blockers or all those pistols that their
kids can walk by and say mom I want that
gun oh no I want that gun they're not
behind blockers to me the most
fascinating thing about America and I've
always said that since I came here is
the things that they want to prohibit
and they want to hide and sex is the
number one thing that they just are so
uncomfortable with like they don't want
anyone like the sex ed classes the
videos and everything that they're
supposedly trying to enlighten kids it's
hilarious right I mean there's a they
were calling a Swedish sex ed video a
poem video right we're know trying to
teach kids about it well still have
Jimmy with the banana putting a condom
on it right it's ridiculous but this
makes me laugh because it's so
ridiculous a juxtaposition like
something that has just been used to
Massacre people and schools can be
broadcasted in front of your eyes not
behind blockers and big massive shells
in Walmart in Dickies and anything else
but this needs to be behind a blocker
and this can't be seen by kids yeah yeah
and I mean the covers of uh videogames
by the way I don't I don't want to
censor yourself right I think I think
parents should be able to be parents and
have conversations with their kids and
explain to their kids
you know what is and isn't okay I think
you know once we start picking and
choosing the types of things that we
censor we start going through this weird
slippery slope and I just don't I don't
know like where we're supposed to draw
the line I I don't
it's and by the way I just want to be
clear about something I don't think that
this organization has bad intentions I
don't want to be you know overly harsh
toward them I think that they genuinely
are concerned about the exploitation of
women and people who are utilized in
some of these magazine covers I guess
but I think that there's a better way of
going about it I don't think this is a
victory to prevent exploitation if you
liked this video bless your heart we got
a lot more where that came from we do a
full show every day Monday through
Friday come enjoy ad-free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
