the Education Department has awarded two
government contracts to to debt
collection agencies who will now go
after students who have defaulted on
their student loan debt now part of the
problem with this story is not only is
student loan debt insane and should be
dealt with in a different way but
apparently one of these companies has
ties to Betsy DeVos because she had
invested in them now Betsy DeVos is the
head of the education department she is
our education secretary so there is a
conflict of interest here but let me
give you more details you can decide for
yourself the decision to award contracts
to Windham professionals and perform at
financial core a company DeVoss invested
in before becoming secretary arrives a
month after a federal judge ordered the
department to complete its selection of
a loan collector Windham in performant
beat out nearly 40 other bidders for
contracts valued up to 400 million but
their win may be short-lived
if the losing companies fight the
decision and they do plan to fight the
decision now as I mentioned there were
40 other bidders and it was interesting
to see that only two of them won the
government contract in the past there
were as many as 17 debt collection
agencies that were awarded these
contracts and the fact that now that
there are only two is questionable the
fact that one of them was a company that
had ties to DeVos is super questionable
and then when you look at the ratings
for these companies it also raises an
eyebrow so performant which is the
company that DeVos had ties to of course
gets rated like any other company and
they were rated as marginal in
performance marginal okay later they
were rated as satisfactory but that is
not impressive and when you consider the
competition for this contract you wonder
why would the Education Department give
the contract to perform it rather than
some of the better performing agencies
out there well you want though but you
know the answer yeah we all know yeah
and he must marginals the top rating and
marginal the top rating no exceptional
and he's the top rating and they didn't
get them it's like that they're grading
companies on who can go and and obtain
money from students who are drowning in
debt is already obscene as it is but the
fact is that Betsy divorce has ties to
one of them it's like she wants to be
the most hated person especially the
students all across the country from an
age of going into the public schooling
system that she wants to just basically
dissolve and put all of our resources
towards private school funding but now
she wants to make sure that she goes and
inherently makes your life miserable if
you cannot afford to pay which according
to the recent data a class of 2015
graduated with an average of thirty five
thousand dollars in student loan debt
it's absolutely absurd by looking at
solutions we're now talking about ways
that we can go and collect this money
can rise what's important and so ok so
let's talk about the debt collection
process because while the corruption in
my opinion is pretty clear here and the
conflict of interest is clear here the
the bigger concern for me is how these
debt collection agencies can go about
collecting the debt without the proper
oversight because remember these are
debt collection agencies don't usually
have a great track record in in
following the law and avoiding abusive
behavior so that's where I'm concerned
about going after these students with
forms of intimidation abusing their
power violating the law you need to
ensure that there are proper measures
taken and proper oversight to prevent
abusive behavior and if the head of the
Education Department has ties to your
company what are they gonna do to
convince us that the proper safeguards
will be taken into account when it comes
to the way that they handled this debt I
mean that's that's what worries me the
most right Betsy DeVos I mean she is not
gonna be the cop who's gonna protect the
students who are dealing with these debt
collectors especially if she's in the
past invested in these companies now to
be clear she had to divest in order to
become Education Secretary but that
necessarily mean that that company
doesn't have sway over her yeah that
doesn't mean that she does that it cuts
her ties to the involvement in that
company I like Donald Trump passes over
from the business investments to his
sons if you're foolish enough to believe
that Donald Trump therefore completely
cuts ties with everything you know it's
just it's I agree with that that
statement is what we need to worry about
the ways in which they go about
collecting this debt but what I worry
about is the students himself like they
already are are so in debt to the point
where the scrutinize especially the
mining was right which everyone will be
like oh well you're just entitled you
too busy buy an avocado toast and all
that shite but regardless it's the point
in which the there's no solutions they
have to try and help combat this thing
like Bernie Sanders is one of the few
politicians who's consistently put
forward ideas in order to help the UK's
done a good job when they started to
make go into university started to get
increase the way tuition increases but
rather than having a sit-down discussion
about ways to try and come about to help
students are going in to try and push
forward and drive our economy the
instead scrutinized scrutinizing us for
not investing in the housing market not
what we're killing everything we killed
the diamond industry we killed the
napkin industry like why are we not
looking at solutions so that we can
continue to contribute to a healthy
economy but instead now try to get more
money from us rather than try to get us
to a place where we can start to
potentially save and invest the average
millennial ILM's $30,000 a year but I
has an average of student loan debt
$35,000 a year yeah we want to take that
money quicker from student loans
yeah first to Frances point on the
overall issue and then and then a point
about divorce and this this problem the
overall issue is that we have priced
people out of the higher education
market and as Frances says these are
crippling debts that people just can't
possibly pay so you end up in a
collection situation way too quickly and
no reasonable person with a reasonable
income is able to address these
collection situations in any kind of
reasonable way because they're
unreasonable and that prices people out
of higher education and that leads to if
you want to look again at the mess
picture to an electorate that is under
educated and under informed so even if
you go to a trade school whatever it may
be the the price of all of these things
is way too high and now to Betsy DeVos
this is a clear conflict of interest as
Anna says normally they spread these
collection agencies out over a dozen or
more companies but all of a sudden we're
down to two companies one of which used
to be my old company Betsy the boss's
old company right that's what you say oh
my god what a coincidence we're gonna
use my own company I just divested from
them a couple of weeks ago there what a
weird thing that they happen to end up
being one of the two companies that's in
charge of all the collection no need to
spread it out over 17 companies anymore
we're gonna give it to my old company
and one other company nothing in the
Simmons administration passes the smell
test and you can add this under the pile
of stuff that doesn't that's exactly
right and you know the Education
Department is saying that Betsy DeVos
had nothing to do with the decision let
me give you their statement obviously I
don't personally believe them education
Department spokesman Nathan Bailey said
Thursday that Davis had quote no
knowledge let alone involvement in the
new debt collection contract also
Richard zubik who heads investor
relations at performant said in an email
that the company has never had any
director in direct contact with DeVos or
anyone related to DeVos you know it just
so happened that they had a marginal
rating and out of all of those other
bidders the Education Department decided
to go with them instead of any other
company so I I do think that those other
debt collection agencies even though I'm
not a fan of debt collection agencies
they will file a lawsuit and and fight
this and we'll see how it turns out
but in every federal department we are
seeing deep corruption we are seeing
conflicts of interest and it will
continue as long as we're asleep at the
wheel and as long as we pay all of our
attention to nonsense stories and all
the salacious garbage they will continue
to use their position of power to
benefit themselves and pad their own
pockets if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
enjoyed ad-free by becoming a member TYT
Network comm /join
