we were waiting to find out what was
going to happen with Brett Kavanaugh and
because we are we don't have a
government of a hundred reasonable
senators that actually think about and
consider every decision we have like
three people that we weren't sure how
they would vote and we came into this
day thinking maybe they had been
convinced by Christine Blasi Ford and
Brett Kavanaugh as testimony the FBI
investigation that came after it maybe
that had swayed them and so we're
waiting to find out how they would vote
well very quickly through the course of
the day we figure that out here's a
little matchup of two of those senators
and you find a vote YES tomorrow
that's something big changed let's see
what would but but anyway I'm glad we
had a better process what do you mean
better process mr. president
I will vote to confirm judge Cavanaugh
Thank You mr. president
so flake was earlier in the day senator
Collins that we cut out the first three
and a half hours of her speech and just
gave you the important part that she'd
been wasting our time with before you
just say whether or not you're gonna put
the attempted rapist on the Supreme
Court so those are two of the big ones
we'll get to others in a bit but how did
you guys react to those duh
really this blake's thing it's been his
thing it's kind of been I don't and it's
almost it's frustrating every time he is
very verbal about how almost like
against this and disappointed in this
administration in this process and this
is not just for a regarding the Supreme
Court nomination this has been going on
for the past um two years but if you pay
attention his tweets don't match like
what he's done and what he's actually
supported and what he believes he is you
know pretty gosh-darn partisan and
that's kind of where what's important to
him I think that so we're not surprised
that he kind of put on a show but then
it has been you know you're gonna do the
same thing the whole time it's like
nobody wants to look like Lindsey Graham
but iam yeah and put it out he looked
yeah just like this like what is what's
the matte like you didn't do anything
Halloween you you you added a week to
this process which Neal did what a
pretty empty FBI report that by many
reports seem to be
in scope by the president who tells the
FBI what they can and cannot do
in this case anyways and and at the end
of it you didn't do anything yeah yeah
and so you saw in his statement he said
we need a better process he said it you
know he said I think we think we got a
better process oh okay okay
even worse we've got a better process
Susan Collins in her long speech at the
beginning part of it a lot of it was
this process has become too crazy it's
become too partisan first of all at the
end of the day I really don't care about
the process I care about the result but
if you have a problem with the process
look at what end result of the process
you have delivered to us and then at the
end it looks like the guy accused of
multiple sexual assaults will end up on
the Supreme Court but you're okay with
that part of the process it was the
people were screaming a little bit well
there were there was partisanship she
that's what you're bothered by there was
a long part of her already long speech
which made Christine Blasi Ford out to
be a bigger victim of the Democrats then
she was of Brett Kavanaugh yeah where
she said oh the unsay I love Dianne
Feinstein she would never leak it but
some bastard ed and in doing that they
made it worse but so she does you know
Dianne Feinstein or whoever it was on
the Democratic side went against
Christine Blasi Ford's wishes in making
this public so Susan Collins is going
against Christine Blasi Ford's wishes in
making her accused attempted rapist a
Supreme Court justice you can't have it
both ways and they're all kind of a lot
of them with these speeches and these
tweets and these announcements and these
sound bites you either believe she's a
liar or you believe he's a liar you
cannot have it both ways and there it's
all this like long drawn-out discussion
like oh she's such a victim to the
process and this you think she's lying
that's why you're it's really convenient
the way they have it oh they have their
cake and they get to eat it too they get
to have their cake and they get to sing
you're just confused cake yeah you're at
a little lady brain doesn't it remember
how you were made cake ah you were
either too crazy or too stupid to
actually know who tried to rape you and
but but no but don't think that I'm
against women that was the last part of
her things they still that's the other I
guess that's the eating of the cake is
they want women to think that they
respect them and trust them and all that
while saying effectively that they're
either wrong or liars but honestly at
the end of the day it doesn't matter
either way the guy is gonna get on the
Supreme Court and it's like it's been
kind of doing the same thing the entire
time though this idea he set there and
almost in the same breath said I'm not
sure what happened I'm really confused I
think we need a different process oh yes
yes I'll vote to advance so I don't even
I don't understand what any of that it's
also Gemara like right in the same
sentence he said he couldn't he wouldn't
have been able to do this very brave act
of calling her a week-long delay if he
was still running for Senate oh my god
that is sad by Saturday but that was sad
too
so look we're gonna talk again about
other senators and all that I want to
talk a little bit more in depth about
what Susan Collins said because I
listened to the entirety of it and aged
as a result there were there were a
number of problems so she went back and
for the first I would say at least 25
minutes was just talking about all of
the problems people said they had with
him prior to all of the sexual assault
stuff and what what's interesting is
that she is I think the point of this
speech is to sort of preemptively defend
herself from GOP critiques that could
lead to something like a primary the
next time she's up and so she wanted to
explain all of those sorts of things but
she also went on the record on almost
every issue where we're worried about
this guy and said why we shouldn't be
worried about these issues so now when
he gets on the Supreme Court and rules
exactly like we know he will she is on
the record naively predicting that he
won't do what he has been chosen to do I
mean there were a couple of issues that
were the biggest so she said you know
even before his name was out there
there were left-wing groups who were
going to oppose him as if of course
there weren't right-wing groups that
were gonna support him no matter what
saying that they spent dark money
against him okay well there was far far
more money spent on the right in support
of him she didn't say anything about
that she tried to present him is not
only a guy who would respect roe v wade
but in general he's just a guy who
respects precedent just really really
fast that she believes that he was put
on a short list of by organizations that
are
all right radical judicial like trying
to push to reshape the Supreme Court
that he was chosen because he respects
precedent just so damn much that that is
what his judicial philosophy is is just
even tempered you know we're gonna
continue to let things go the way they
are that is why the far right was saying
to Jordan to Donald Trump that you have
to choose this guy the best-case
scenario is that she is far too naive to
actually be a Supreme Court justice but
I don't believe that at all I have too
much respect for I think that she is
lying to you to defend herself from what
she sees as a more likely difficult
potential primary process next time
around than any sort of general election
concern that she has yeah and she's the
last person speaking and so she seems
like that one who we like whether she
was or not she's that one who really
thought it over molded over and gives
you this description I well I was gonna
add when you toy you were saying is
literally on the record the head of the
Federalist Society says there is no
difference between any of the judges on
this list period like I don't care who
it is what it is when it is yeah that's
it I do disagree with one thing though
she wasn't the last person who spoke
Lamar Alexander no there was one vote we
didn't find out about until afterward
and so look as frustrating as it is for
Jeff Flake before he was going to
mansion sorry it was just watching Susan
Collins at the end paint him as such a
sweetheart that's what it was in it
she's just making it seem like the the
same thing that led him to be on the
short list of of the the federal society
like everything about this guy hmm it
was very frustrating yeah and look and
bear in mind as she's she wants you to
believe that she's really mulling it
over and she's thinking really hard
about it again there is no scenario
where they don't get a radical
conservative for this spot in the
Supreme Court they're gonna get that
either way she is making the case that
it has to be him and she she says that
people's faith in the Supreme Court
would go down if he doesn't make it on
the Supreme Court this guy that ranted
and raved and cried and sniffled his way
through his testimony that if that guy
doesn't get on people's respect and
trust in a Supreme Court will be
irreparably harmed I I have those fears
I have concern
about the legitimacy of the Supreme
Court I think a lot of people do but
they don't run in the direction that she
seems to think that they do thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com / join
