we do proportional representation and
rank-choice voting and we are a
nonpartisan group and so we have like
Republicans we work with Republicans
Democrats libertarians greens
independence and what's going on in the
United States is there's this
polarization and there's just so much
partisanship and I think that comes out
of our binary the choice that we're
we're forced on by the major parties
that are like it's if there's no
competition and so what they do is they
they differentiate themselves by saying
hey the other side's bad we're the good
guys and the other side says you know
and so they put do all these tribal
politics yeah
and they don't really any offer any
solutions because that wouldn't really
help them and so there there's soft
money machines really they sell access
to the legislature and in the meantime
people are just the United States is
really polarized and it's and it's
affecting everything it seems like it
seems like we're in I mean that's that's
a response to incentives I mean our yeah
system incentivizes the systems of the
response there they're only doing that
because that's the best way for them to
gain power yeah so you know if we like
if we had in 2016 I was really
disappointed they wouldn't let Jill
Stein or Gary Johnson debate I mean is
that democratic and so I think that Kent
came back to haunt Hillary Clinton
because Gary Johnson is he's a
conservative in some ways you know but
he's a you know mainstream but he's a
fiscal conservative and he was a good
alternative to trump and he could appeal
more votes off trumpet people would've
saw him that he's a decent person right
he's actually a good decent person I
worked with him so but voters didn't get
to see that they just got the Democratic
the donkey and elephant show yeah and it
was you know it was wrong it was wrong
to have that and that people accepted
that and again that just came back to
haunt Democrats and so he made some poor
choices and then Democrats want to talk
about you know democracy or you know
for an injury intervention in our
democracy but we can't have a
multi-party debate for president in the
United States I think that's an atrocity
