what did you expect when you got on the
ground - where do we go well you know
I've been talking with Puerto Rican
friends for a long time actually about
about coming and and and delving into
what I call the Shock Doctrine as it
relates to Puerto Rico we've actually
you know I've been looking at this for a
decade because this doesn't begin with
Hurricane Maria it's it's a much older
story and you know what I mean by the
Shock Doctrine is as you say the way in
which large-scale crises times when when
things are bad enough that elites are
able to kind of declare a state of
exception or a state of emergency and
say okay because this terrible thing has
happened and that terrible thing could
be any number of major large-scale
crises it could be a terrorist attack it
could be a debilitating economic crisis
it could be a huge natural disaster
we've seen this strategy used in all of
those contacts saying okay things are so
bad now that we have to kind of suspend
democracy have this state of emergency
state of exception and and really
radically restructure society and a huge
hurry taking advantage of people's fear
their sense of disorientation and also
that when there is any kind of
large-scale crisis people are
necessarily focused on the daily
emergency of life right so this was
happening in Puerto Rico in the context
of a debilitating economic crisis Puerto
Rico's economy has been in big trouble
for a long time but when things really
started getting worse around the debt
was a year before the global economic
crisis well actually two years before
its heart started in 2006 and since then
we've been seeing various strategies to
use the debt crisis in Puerto Rico
there's more than seventy billion
dollars in debt and debt now to say okay
we're going to privatize huge swathes of
the state deregulate create this kind of
investor Club Med you know get rid of
taxes regulations do anything to attract
multimillionaires and billionaires to
create this this tax haven
you know really contract the public
sphere and so on so that was happening
before Hurricane Maria the twist is that
in the months before the storm hit
Puerto Ricans were at a peak of
resistance and this is something that
often gets forgotten right that in in
May May first before before you know
this is just a few months before
hurricane Maria hit there were a hundred
thousand people in the streets in Puerto
Rico the second largest mass
mobilization in Puerto Rico's history
saying no to austerity demanding the
resignation of the governor saying that
the debt that was being used to extract
all of these so so-called reforms was
illegitimate that they wanted an audit
of the debt because much of it was
illegal students at University of Puerto
Rico staged a historic 72 day strike
because of a proposal to cut hundreds of
millions of dollars from the the budget
of the University of Puerto Rico
essentially half of their budget they
wanted to cut so the you know the Puerto
Ricans were mobilized and you know in
the tens of thousands were saying we
want to audit the debt and so the
project of restructuring Puerto Rico of
privatizing Puerto Rico of selling it
off was kind of at a standstill
and then Maria had right and so all the
people who were organizing this movement
had their lives shattered and what is
happening now is the same people with
the same plans including the the fiscal
Control Board which is you know a
classic example of what I call the Shock
Doctrine using the debt to do away with
the minimal democracy that Puerto Ricans
have and I say minimal because this is a
colony where people have to live under
laws that they cannot vote for because
they don't have a representative in
Congress they can't vote for the
president but they do have you know they
do have a governor that supposedly has
control over over over their economics
and he was supplanted although he works
closely with the fiscal Control Board
who was in charge of their economic
similar to these emergency managers that
you have seen imposed in places like
Flint Detroit with disastrous impacts
