fresh off the March for our lives the
New Jersey Assembly has passed not one
gun control law or two but six all in
one day which is I think objectively a
lot of movement on one policy now look
New Jersey is an area that has fairly
strong gun laws especially in comparison
to some parts of the country so in some
ways this just a little bit strengthens
it or opens up new areas where they're
gonna do some gun control and of course
gun control a gun rights advocates in
New Jersey are saying that this is
traitorous and all that but I want to
talk about all six of these at least
briefly because it's progress and we
need to highlight the areas where
progress needs to happen but we can't
just forget when we're succeeding I
think people are too worried about it's
like a sort of superstitious thing where
we don't want to like jinx it or
something or we think that if we talk
about the good things then we're not
doing enough to acknowledge the bad
things but this is progress and so I
want to I want to break these down
before you jump in I'll explain why I
think people are worried it's because in
the past whenever there's a little bit
of progress on a difficult political
issue people get complacent so I think I
think there's a worry about complacency
which we have seen in the past when it
comes to gun violence and gun
legislation but I agree with you in that
it's important to celebrate some of the
victories that we're seeing across the
country with gun control and New Jersey
has in the past attempted to pass
similar measures and unfortunately they
were unable to do so because chris
Christie was their governor now Phil
Murphy a Democrat is the governor and he
intends on signing this legislation into
law exactly yeah yeah and I would say
look I I mean when I was in grad school
it was for political psychology so I
think your concern is very justified but
I think at the same time we can worry
about complacency we can also worry
about apathy which could result from not
thinking that anything is happening
absolutely to deal with both of those so
now let's jump into the bill so we're
going to talk about each of these feel
free to jump in if you want to comment
two bills would make it easier to seize
guns from certain owners like if they're
a member of the NRA and I'm kidding
that's the conspiracy theory bio one
passed 62 to 7 with 7 abstentions so
very popular would require law
enforcement to seize firearms
those who mental health professionals
determine our quote likely to engage in
conduct that poses a threat of serious
harm to the patient or another person
that seems incredibly reasonable seems
like it would have already been the law
in many places the other bill would
allow a police officer family member or
household member of a gun owner who
quote poses a significant danger of
bodily injury to self or others to file
a petition with law enforcement or state
Superior Court for a tempered temporary
extreme risk protective order allowing
authorities to see as the weapon and
then there would be a very short horizon
for how long they have to bring into
court and talk about it before they can
get their gun back but it could allow
them to stop something from happening so
I I think that that part of their gun
control legislation is the most
important because a common
misunderstanding that people had in
regard to the parkland Florida shooter
was that the police and the school
administration had absolutely no power
to take any weaponry away from that
student none whatsoever
he would have to go through a very
lengthy court situation and you know no
one can come in and unilaterally take
someone's gun away even if that person
poses an imminent threat there needs to
be laws put in place policy put in place
that would allow proper law enforcement
to come in and take action if they deem
that individual you know a threat now
some weren't quite as controversial
necessarily one bill to ban
armor-piercing bullets which are already
prohibited generally in New Jersey
passed with 0no votes after the state
attorney general explained that they
wanted to better line up state law with
federal law and effectively what it was
is they added one additional type of
ammunition to the banned list and this
is important to highlight both because
these are the sorts of types of
ammunition that should definitely be
banned but also when we talk about
different forms of gun control very
often gun rights advocates will say well
like you're you're defining these
classes of weapon in a way that will
what if you change this type of thing or
you take this scope off or something
like that and that is a great concern
and legislation can be updated if it's
not quite doing what it needs to do you
can add new types of ammunition
take them off or vice versa and things
like that in the future they're doing
that here shows how easy it is another
bill lowered the limit for magazine
rounds from 15 to 10 although there was
one type of 22 caliber firearm that had
an exception 22 caliber is a relatively
small round used for like target
shooting because the ammunition is very
cheap and also for like hunting small
animals and things like that not the
type of weapon necessarily that is used
in a lot of mass shootings but overall
it does limit the magazine size which is
progress another required background
checks for private gun sales and boom
that's that's also incredibly important
yes that's a big update to gun control
policy and look it makes me sad that
right now action is being taken on a
state-by-state level Florida for
instance did pass some gun control
legislation but I would like to see this
on a federal level because people could
easily drive across state lines and
purchase weapons you know without the
the limitations that they're
experiencing in their own states yeah
100% and it's never made sense to me
that if you're gonna if you have gun
sales out of stores and then you have
private gun sales if you were only gonna
have background checks in one of the two
how did it end up that the private gun
sales are the ones without it right like
you have some guy who sells guns all day
long he deals with a lot of people he
could probably pick up on a Creepo a
little bit easier some random guy is
supposed to personally determine if you
should sell this gun to someone others
should obviously be background checks
exactly and when it comes to private
sales remember you're talking about one
party that is looking to you know get
rid of a gun and make some money they
have an incentive to sell that gun they
want the money
yeah yeah and it's easy for me to say
well why would anyone be against this
but that's it's a myth people are not
against this something like 90 plus
percent of America is for this it should
already be law across the country it is
BS that we have to fight for it in this
particular fashion and so those are your
six and as Anna alluded to the bills
will now go to the democrat-led Senate
where the president of the Senate says
that it is likely to pass and the
governor
supports all of them this is a reminder
that again party control of Senate's and
assemblies matters certainly the party
control of governorship matters because
many of these bills would not become law
if chris Christie was still running New
Jersey so these sorts of things matter
in a very real way can I read one quote
by the way so this is from one of the
Republicans in the assembly who does not
support this so understand that this
quote is the recent cause is from just
yesterday and this is after you know
Parkland is after Mandalay Bay there's
after this huge movement the marches
have happened and Assemblyman Harold
Worth's
says they're just feel-good politicians
that are trying to get headlines and use
a horrible tragedy when I first ran for
assembly I told people they were coming
for your guns
remember we broke down all six of those
they're not coming for your guns unless
you pose an imminent threat to yourself
or others the ultimate goal of many of
these people if ain't a magic wand would
be to take every firearm away from you
don't believe the rhetoric that they say
we're for law-abiding citizens we're for
hunting
that's pure BS but we told you what all
six of the bills are and you can see for
yourself what are they doing are they
doing sensible gun control that still
allows people to hunt and protect
themselves or are they taking every gun
you can decide for yourself they love to
use the slippery slope argument when it
comes to gun control even though the
slippery slope argument is a ridiculous
argument when it comes to pretty much
any other policy and this is not a
slippery slope again we have
constitutional protections we have the
right to bear arms we just have to
ensure that we don't allow people who
have no business owning lethal weapons
to go out there and purchase those
lethal weapons exactly exactly so it
will now go to the Senate and then the
governor is likely to pass so there is
some progress at least in New Jersey
coming out of this movement if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
