after a number of different warning
signs that it might happen last year it
has now been confirmed that the Trump
administration will be attempting to add
a citizenship question to the upcoming
census this is the first time that a
question like that will be on the census
since 1950 which is important I'll
repeat that it has not been on since
1950 it's a fact you can check the old
sense I and the reason I bring that up
is because of some breaking news that I
saw on my phone between stories sarah
huckabee sanders was asked today about
this at a press conference and she said
this is a question that's been included
in every census since 1965 with the
exception of 2010 when it was removed
she then repeated that it hasn't been on
since 1950 so it's one thing where the
president lies and then she has to go
and sort of talk circles around his lie
but she is now simply lying about an
objective fact it hasn't been on there
so why would we care about this why is
it important why is California now suing
to stop that from happening well there's
a lot of different reasons but basically
the idea is that if you have a
citizenship question on the census and
people know that it's going to be on
there then people who are not citizens
might not want to fill out the census
which is incredibly politically
important because a number of different
government policies and does sets of
money are apportioned to different areas
based on responses from the Census and
that is supposed to be completely
divorced from whether people are
assistances or not for instance how many
congressmen a state will have now the
Constitution is very clear we are
supposed to do a census figure out how
many people live in a house sold how
many households are in an area and a
portion congressman based on that it
does not say based on how many citizens
are living in an area and that is just
one way that apportionment works across
the country and so the idea is that if
this goes on there it's the entire
reason they're doing it then blue states
and cities are going to be hurt by this
and rural areas and red states are going
to benefit we had something similar in
2010 for different reasons but this
would be putting that on steroids right
but I also want to mention some of the
red states that do have you know large
immigrant populations that would also be
hurt by this so Texas would be hurt by
this Arizona to some extent would be
hurt by this and so
it's it's a really bad idea because yes
you're absolutely right in that it will
you know deter people from filling it
out and answering because of worry of
retaliation by the Trump administration
and ice officials it will impact the way
districts are drawn in given States so
right now you have the Justice
Department arguing that oh come on that
one question isn't really gonna have a
huge impact on whether or not people
respond to the census I think they're
really under estimating you know the
impact that it's gonna have well they
wouldn't be doing it if it wasn't gonna
have an impact that's why didn't they
been fighting for for over a decade
exactly and another argument that I keep
hearing over and over again from those
who want the question on the census is
that historically the individuals who
are compiling data for the census do not
share or transfer that data and
information to other government agencies
like ice for instance but if things are
very different under the trump
administration and we are seeing
unprecedented activity by immigration
officials because they are emboldened
and they are more than embolden I think
some of them are a pressure to be more
draconian in in their enforcement
policies and and in deporting people so
it really worries me that a some of this
information might be used as something
that could disadvantage people who do
answer and be that it'll lead to a
population count that isn't actually
accurate or representative of what we're
seeing in various states yeah I mean I
would not be surprised if they share the
information throughout the government at
the very least Facebook's didn't get
access to it well they already have
access to it they somehow already did
the census themselves they do so I want
to read a quote from former attorney
General Eric Holder who had this to say
the addition of a citizenship question
the census questionnaire is a direct
attack on our representative democracy
make no mistake this decision is
motivated purely by politics and
deciding to add this question without
even testing its effects the
administration is departing from decades
of census policy and ignoring the
warnings of census experts and has
reason to believe by the way that that
lack of testing could be
significant not just for the likely
effects of having this question on the
questionnaire but also for the ability
of the the people running the census to
actually run it the Census Bureau's top
two positions right now have interim
occupants they don't even have permanent
leadership and it's been forced to skip
two of its three trial runs for the 2020
census because of funding shortfalls
if response rates for the census are low
critics worry that the bureau may be
unable to adjust the data or deploy
enough census takers too low response
communities because obviously what
they're trying to do is they're going to
talk to every community they're going to
attempt to talk to a representative
sample of those communities and if they
go into an area and people aren't
responding they're going to be forced to
adapt how they model the information
they got to the population at large and
if they have too few responses they
might not be able to do that in an
accurate fashion especially if they
don't have good leadership if they're
not being funded at the right levels
which has all been true over the past
year plus exactly there's one other area
that I want to get into obviously Fox
and Friends is excited about this and so
they were talking about that and they
didn't necessarily get the answers they
wanted on the constitutionality of this
particular question which you'll see
what about this California census
question it's gonna be put back on the
census are you a citizen yes or no
Democrats in California up in arms about
this guess what you have a right to
remain silent
that's it or you say bye-bye I'm here
I'm alive one person five people in the
house leave us unless you are obligated
to answer it truthfully yes if you
answer you have to answer truthfully if
you don't answer it don't answer because
you have the right you're the right to
remain silent
all right the US Constitution article 1
section 2 judges yeah things that
requires the census count everyone in
the US how count not ask how many
toilets you have or what your ethnic
background is but count how many people
write in the house even if they're here
illegally yes so the Constitution might
be on California's side yes yeah so
Napolitano is not one of my favorite
people but there at least he seems to
understand a little bit of the
background of this particular topic and
thanks to California's pending lawsuit
over this it is going to be interesting
to see if they're able as we have in
many other areas where judges have had
to step in and curb the excesses of the
Trump administration it's gonna be
interesting to see if they can do that
in this area right exactly and and
be clear and I really want to
re-emphasize you don't have to answer
anything that is asked of you when
there's a census official knocking on
your door now
you can't lie on the census you
shouldn't lie on the census but if you
choose not to answer and you get
approached by a census official you have
that right to remain silent
yeah you have that protection exactly
yeah and if this does actually go into
law I think that some sort of massive
campaign is going to be necessary to
tell people both that they should still
fill it out and they could not respond
to particular questions if that's what
they're worried about right if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
