former Supreme Court Justice John Paul
Stevens published an op-ed today on New
York Times calling for more than just
new gun control laws he wants the Second
Amendment to be repealed entirely
although that doesn't necessarily mean
what people think it means I don't think
so we're gonna read a couple of excerpts
from his op-ed not the entire thing this
is probably more than I should be anyway
but it's interesting so bear with me
John Paul Stevens said in reference to
the March for our lives and the push for
gun control laws that's support talking
about how many people turned out for the
marches is a clear sign to lawmakers to
enact legislation prohibiting civilian
ownership of semi-automatic weapons
increasing the minimum age to buy a gun
from 18 to 21 years old and establishing
more comprehensive background checks on
all purchasers of firearms but the
demonstrators should seek more effective
and more lasting reform they should
demand a repeal of the Second Amendment
and he goes back through the history of
why he thinks that's necessary and a lot
of it has to do with the changing
interpretation of what the Second
Amendment actually represents what it
says and what it means for over 200
years after the adoption of the Second
Amendment it was uniformly understood as
not placing any limit on either federal
or state authority to enact gun control
legislation in 1939 the Supreme Court
unanimously held that Congress could
prohibit the possession of a sawed-off
shotgun because that weapon had no
reasonable relation to the preservation
or efficiency of a well-regulated
militia and there's other examples of
that as well if the gun or the ability
to have the gun doesn't have anything to
do with the clearly worded Second
Amendment then it could in fact be
regulated either at the federal level or
at the state level and he goes farther
even more recently during the years when
Warren burger was our Burger was our
chief justice from 1969 to 1986 no judge
federal or state as far as I am aware
expressed any doubt as to the limited
coverage of that amendment when
organizations like the National Rifle
Association disagreed with that position
and began their campaign claiming that
federal regulation of firearms tailed
second Amendment rights
Chief Justice publicly characterized the
NRA as perpetrating quote one of the
greatest pieces of fraud I repeat the
word fraud on the American public by
special interest groups that I've ever
seen in my lifetime and it has been
successful because much more recently
just in the past couple of decades
District of Columbia vs. Heller decision
happened where they did
in the end say that certain types of gun
control would go against the personal
ownership of firearms having nothing to
do with militias whatsoever and the only
reason to get rid of that would be to
get rid of the Second Amendment right so
the DC V Heller case back in 2008 really
did change the way people perceived gun
rights in the country so previously the
way that the Second Amendment was
interpreted it interpreted was that a
well-regulated militia had the right to
bear arms but the DC V Heller decision
focused primarily on individual gun
rights right and they interpreted it in
a different way and essentially that
opened the floodgates for further
deregulation of guns and so what was
fascinating about this op-ed piece
written by John Paul Stevens was that it
wasn't coming from a progressive former
Supreme Court justice it was coming from
an individual who identifies as a
Republican and he sees that you know the
Second Amendment has been misinterpreted
the NRA has become too powerful and as a
result innocent lives are being taken in
in you know these instances of gun
violence and so look my read of his
op-ed was yeah he wants to repeal the
Second Amendment but I and this is my
own speculation my interpretation of
what he really wants is for people to
interpret the Second Amendment the way
that it was actually written right in
the context of a well well-regulated
militia but since it seems as though
we're unable to do that then let's
recent more recently we've been unable
to do that since 2008 when this DC v
Heller Supreme Court case came about and
was decided on it just we're never gonna
get any real you know fundamental change
in gun control unless we repeal the
Second Amendment yeah and I think that
this entire topic you could have a lot
of different approaches to it I mean you
could also say we need to repeal it
entirely because even if we were to get
back to that old understanding of it
there hasn't been a well-regulated
militia right a hundred plus years it's
nonsense
some people are saying that this is a
terrible idea for him to publish this
because this confirms to the right all
of their fears that this movement isn't
about new gun control regulations about
taking all the guns I would say don't
worry about that they already are saying
we're gonna kill every gun owner you're
right about that in that you know the
the NRA has done a fantastic job in
spreading their propaganda about what
people really want when it comes to gun
regulation right and so gun advocates
have already bought into that propaganda
and there's no changing their mind but I
do agree that his op-ed it is not
representative of what most people want
when it comes to gun regulation I think
he's trying to guide them right saying
that so long as we allow this modern
interpretation of the Second Amendment
to exist all of your efforts at the
state level are gonna continually butt
up against the NRA Republican lawmakers
and stuff like that and I said something
like probably a month ago now that I
think we need an amendment to amend to
the Second Amendment not to get rid of
it entirely but to entirely reword it
into something that works not just for
those who want gun control but also the
Second Amendment as it's constructed
right now doesn't serve anyone's
interests because it is far too vague I
mean I would say with the well-regulated
militia part's not vague but in terms of
what's well-regulated and what it allows
and what it doesn't allow it's vague and
we know now that it the ways that
supreme courts can interpret it can
change massively over time so I think we
need to amend it to say there will be
limited ability to own guns for certain
functions such as hunting self-defense
with further regulations of various
sorts coming from federal and state laws
there is something more specific I don't
have my actual wording down but that's
what I want so the Constitution was
obviously written in a way to keep
things vague right it's not meant to be
a document that outlines policy it's
supposed to be a document that guides
policy and so the amendments are
intentionally vague in some regard right
but what you know John Paul Stevens
wrote and something that I completely
agree with is that the second amendments
current terminology and current meaning
is antiquated and so it makes sense to
update it
right and so I agree the same I update
it once every two hundred years that
that would be fair too much it would be
fair because I highly doubt our founding
fathers you know really considered how
much this weaponry would advance you
know and and it's advanced considerably
I mean I they weren't thinking about
high-capacity magazines they weren't
thinking about military-style assault
weapons they weren't thinking about you
know ar-15s and and those types of
weapons and so I think it does make
sense to look back at you know the
Second Amendment and think about how to
modernize it in a way where it will
apply to our current society and and yes
in a way that benefits both parties both
gun advocates and individuals who want
common-sense gun legislation yeah yeah
perhaps not gun advocates who are out of
their minds and want everyone to have
tanks but and by the way reasonable gun
owners reasonable gun owners and I would
argue that the majority of gun advocates
are reasonable unfortunately they're
being represented by the most extreme
individuals in the NRA who of course
have a profit motive to push out more
guns
yeah and just one one final point I want
to make about what this means again I
think we should amend the Second
Amendment not remove the Second
Amendment but if you remove the Second
Amendment it does not mean that people
can't have guns it doesn't mean that you
round up all guns there are plenty of
countries around the world that have no
constitutional provisions for gun
ownership but people can own guns you
could still have laws there's no
constitutional right to smoke cigarettes
but people smoke cigarettes all over the
place there would still be laws at the
federal and the state level regulating
what sorts of guns and gun accessories
you'd be able to have so even if we got
rid of the entirety of this it does not
mean they'd be coming for all your guns
it doesn't mean it would be illegal to
own a gun that is completeness
information if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get on like
a smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
