good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
the march for our lives by young people
asking for common-sense efforts to
reduce gun violence was impressive
that's the reason the NRA is
counter-attacking
so vigorously and nastily because at
those marches on Saturday the future
spoke cynicism and fear took a backseat
to optimism and hope those who have long
been told that their voices didn't
matter who have been ignored explained
away gaslighted forgotten handled with
sanctimonious neglect will they raise
their voices in a unified chorus of many
accents and from many perspectives but
all with the same message ignore us at
your peril it was a spark set forth by
the long simmering embers of activism
but ultimately the success will hinge on
one vital fact will those who march this
weekend and all who cheered them on
marched the polls in November and beyond
this is not a base about party politics
it's about a generational change this is
about the awakening of a movement that
is precipitating around gun violence but
one senses it is even more seismic it is
about those who say that their vision of
a more just inclusive and safer America
is not the priority of those in power
and this mass of rest of humanity says
enough we will be silent no longer
the day before the March I was inspired
and moved to speak with five of the
student leaders from Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School their energy and
commitment was palpable and it was
satisfying to see and hear their passion
runs deep and I recognize it as that
special brand of passion that can only
be born from a searing personal and
emotional experience entrenched
interests like the NRA who seek to blunt
the students message endeavor to paint
them as pawns of adult liberal activists
that's a charge that is insulting and
false I noticed how bipartisan this
group was so more Republican some have
parents that lean that way some come
from homes that have guns they are not
the caricatures the NRA would have you
see listen to my exchange when I ask sir
an Alex Wynn to respond to a
hypothetical NRA argument I'm not gonna
quote let them come from my guns you say
what we're not coming for your guns
that's the biggest thing is that it is
okay if you own a gun David and Cameron
both of their households their father's
own guns it's not an issue of owning a
gun for protection because I understand
I understand a lot of people feel that
they need that they have the need to be
protected that they feel that they need
to be protected especially if you know
you feel that you're not in a quote safe
neighborhood because at the end of the
day this country was built on the
foundation of we have the right to bear
arms and we're not saying we don't have
the right to bear arms but what we're
saying is is that when you put an ar-15
which is a weapon of war in the hands of
a 19 year old or an 18 year old or any
civilian for that matter without any
training that's a weapon that sole
purpose is for killing people it's not
for protection it's not for hunting it's
for killing people these young people
are pleading with the president with
elected leaders with anyone who can make
a difference pleading to act in the name
of safety reason and rationality they
know correctly that polling shows a
majority of the country believes in
common sense gun laws and they insist
that they will make their voices heard
in the streets and at the ballot box we
shall see what happens
but I personally would not bet against
them if you want evidence of the
shifting tide against gun violence one
of the oldest and largest gun makers in
the country Remington filed for
bankruptcy approximately 24 hours after
hundreds of thousands of children around
the country joined the March for our
lives to say no to gun violence it was
just over five years since the Remington
rifle was used to kill 26 children and
teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary School
in Newtown Connecticut but here's what
you should know about Remington it's not
dead
not yet Remington was bought in 2007 by
a massive private equity firm called
Cerberus it's chief Stephen Feinberg is
now a big supporter President Trump
ironically or poetically both men helped
push Remington off a cliff Feinberg was
not interested in owning a classic
American company that sold a fine to
product made in Maine to a handful of
gun connoisseurs he was interested in
money
so he saddled Remington with almost a
billion dollars in debt and he rolled up
Remington with a bunch of other gun
companies and shipped Remington
manufacturing off to a factory that
didn't know how to make quality rifles
connoisseurs stopped buying them so
Feinberg created a new market for
Remington semi-automatic rifles
targeting insecure man-children
who believed firming Tain's new ads
promising them guns would make them men
the ads worked then came Sandy Hook and
Remington found itself in the media's
crosshairs and then came president Trump
and now gun owners no longer threatened
by the previous man in the White House
no longer felt the need to buy more guns
so they stopped
and now Feinberg is turning Remington
over to its creditors and here's what it
gets interesting because unlike
Feinberg's private equity firm the new
owners have very public profiles they
care a lot what the public thinks about
them one of them is Franklin Templeton a
publicly held financial services firm
the other new Remington owner is JP
Morgan Chase whose CEO Jamie Dimon is
one of the most well-known and
influential titans of Wall Street
Remington's new owners have said they
want to get rid of the company as soon
as they can turn a profit on the sale
but here's the question who out there
wants to buy the company that brought us
the Sandy Hook elementary school
massacre JP Morgan Chase might get stuck
with Remington which would make CEO
Jamie Dimon one of America's most
prominent young makers not I promise you
or title he was looking for so here's
what I'd like respectfully to say to mr.
Dimon you have an opportunity here
Remington is a rounding error for you
let it die don't tell us that the law
requires you to make money for your
shareholders holding on to Remington
keeping it alive will cost them more
money than killing it ask Stephen
Feinberg ask the Sandy Hook parents
suing Remington because if you don't
kill Remington when the next Remington
is used to carry out the next Sandy Hook
the person will be asking will be Jamie
Dimon no I want to talk about how we
talk about the Austin bomber and other
white criminals do it just after this
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history I want to pass along some
outstanding new reporting about Houston
but first some context and perspective
six months after Hurricane Maria Puerto
Rico has been largely forgotten but it
is not alone we have been tracking the
slow recovery on Puerto Rico seven
percent still don't have electricity
water supplies have been compromised
suicide rates have soared and nearly a
quarter million people have fled the
island those with the means to do so
anyway the poorest are left behind but
Porto Rico is not alone in its neglect
one of America's largest cities has also
been forgotten in America today mainland
Americans even yes rich white people are
jeopardized by the Trump administration
and state response or lack thereof to
natural disasters more than six months
after hurricane Harvey a new report
shows that officials still have not told
the whole truth about the reservoirs of
poison Unleashed on Houston no one knows
where the toxic soil was watched to no
one knows how many companies should be
held accountable for the cleanup in a
vital new report from The Associated
Press and the Houston Chronicle
reporters pored through government
records and found more than 100 toxic
releases only two of them were the
subject of public alerts most of them
were never investigated by federal
officials none of them have led to
enforcement action by the state local
officials told reporters that they won't
be able to make strong cases against
these polluters because of the weak
response by state and federal
authorities
one chemical plant alone spilled almost
half a billion gallons of contaminated
water laced with carcinogens but most of
the testing on soil and water was done
at existing Superfund toxic waste sites
the quality of soil and water downstream
from the industrial spills remains
largely unknown untested in some areas
academic studies have been done
identifying elevated soil levels of PCBs
dioxins and other hazardous chemicals
used by the fossil fuel industry
official said at the time that the air
was safe but the EPA in this new report
admits that local hotspots actually did
pose possible risks after Harvey as The
Young Turks is reported some of the
biggest offenders spent years donating
to local politicians for approval to
expand their businesses around Houston
pushing real estate development into
marshes and prairies destroying natural
safeguards against flooding this is the
result when the leaders of America's
fourth largest city filter every
decision through the lens of what's good
for business especially business that
donates to their political campaigns
this is what happens when natural
defenses are bulldozed by the almighty
dollar and officials turn a blind eye to
the desecration of whatever natural soil
and water remained Puerto Rico matters
and must be rescued but today's reality
is that it's not just for Rico that's
been forgotten
it's Houston and it's all of us another
story out of Texas that touches all of
us on Friday the Oberlin Conservatory of
Music offered spots to only 130 out of
their 1500 applicants one of those who
made the cut was 70 year old Raylan made
but he won't be going his acceptance to
Oberlin was finalized a week and a half
after he was killed by a bomb left at
his home and awesome police described
the Austin bomber as a very challenging
man this is Jalen Willie she died at 16
years old on Thursday when her parents
took her off life support after she was
shot by her ex-boyfriend an Associated
Press headline described the
ex-boyfriend as sick lovesick when
killers are white white people often
write their stories white police white
journalists white politicians they we
look for motives the reasons
white people kill the challenges they
face their broken heart if you are not
white the narrative written around you
is often different and too often written
to a premature ending reacting to this
with outrage is appropriate and just but
the solution to this injustice is not to
strip whites of suspects of their
humanity white privilege is more than
the presumption of innocence it is the
assumption of humanity we have to expand
the circle of empathy not diminish it
empathy for white people is only a step
backward if it's not a step forward a
step toward empathy for black people for
all people this generation is called not
to end white privilege but to enshrine
human privilege if we truly want to be
the home of the brave we must act like
it rejecting paranoia reasoning toward
inclusiveness all of that can be scary
but it's who we're supposed to be and
it's better than this so president Trump
has chosen is near national
Security Advisor some say not good my
thoughts on John Bolton in just a moment
I won the Young Turk special election
coverage dropping an amazing power this
battle will talk about power like a
smart destiny time we're all too strong
we've done a revolution yes another one
aren't you excited
wow it's all the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount Harry Potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what land me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bomb in Yemen
crazier than bombing Syria is so much
they ran out of bombs reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts
HSP if we don't tell our journalists and
they do
john bolton suddenly is about to become
one of the most powerful men in the
united states having been chosen by
President Trump to be his new national
security advisor this scares a lot of
people and by no means all of them
Democrats the reason is that they fear
Bolton may take the nation into a new
war now that may or may not be unfair to
the man but based on his long record of
being inside our government it is
understandable Bolton was one of the
chief advocates for the war in Iraq who
did not see it as a mistake even after
it was over and the general consensus
became that the Iraq war was a strategic
blunder of historic proportions and like
other Trump appointees John Bolton holds
our extreme views to this day unfettered
but the rude reckoning reality had for
those views in the past extreme views
bolton proudly espousals it's not merely
that Bolton's answer to Iran's
aggression and North Korean nuclear
ambitions is US military action with
lives lost in the process it's not even
that Vulcan thinks diplomacy won't work
it's that he thinks trying diplomacy is
wrong wrong because by his definition it
involves American capitulation to others
wrong because by his definition it means
America does not get its way in all
things in all ways bellicosity and
arrogance do not make vote an outlier in
this administration neither does a
history of towering failure what sets
john bolton apart from his new peers is
his ability to execute as one of his
former colleagues wrote in the wake of
his announcement quote the Trump
Whitehouse is something of a clown show
but Bolton is
no clown some of the presidents worst
instincts have often been tempered by
sheer ineptitude
what makes Bolton dangerous is his
capacity to implement those instincts
effectively into quotation that's
Matthew Waxman a veteran of u.s. foreign
policy implementation the avenues to
future disasters like the Iraq war
stretch right through the National
Security Council and the State
Department and the State Department
right now is uniquely vulnerable
Boulton watchman says is highly skilled
at populating his people in key
positions positions that might otherwise
try to block his plans many of those
positions are now opened by the time
Bolton's fills them it will be too late
there will be no voice in the
administration telling President Trump
no letting Iran out of a nuclear deal
will free them to pursue news yes there
are options in North Korea short of war
the steps to war are not brightly lit
they are made of miniscule mistakes and
malicious calculation so the time has
come to put away childish things we no
longer have the luxury of mocking tweets
or counting golf trips we need rational
democrats and rational republicans
standing watch on the walls of a
bipartisan american foreign policy not
when we're told a new war is necessary
but now before it's too late
they'll have some final thoughts on the
facebook problem facing all of us in
just a moment
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler who seemed to happen it
takes to crown the best sales force out
there is Merrill Lynch and now it goes
to be a it's pretty amazing we're going
to see a stabilization and just a
tremendous snapback the Occupy Wall
Street movement is not it's not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is a well thought
out a well thought out campaign to bring
down the infrastructure rupture of this
country the embarrassment is that I'm
given credibility in this world because
of the disappointment that the public
has and what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them is to do everything that we
can without going to war so to say to
your critics don't fight my Democratic
critics who say you know what your is
really just a socialist passiveness I
very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie that he's
Bernie Sanders is a socialist for God's
sake most analysts are saying that
Hillary Clinton's gonna win in a
landslide I continue to believe mr.
Trump will not be President got Trump at
279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
planetís tonight a message for Mark
Zuckerberg thank you sir and thank you
Facebook for living B connect with so
many people here on this program on my
personal Facebook page and through my
own news outlet news in guts you have
connected hundreds of millions of people
who might never have crossed paths again
or ever
it is a staggering public service and a
breathtaking public good
you should be proud but not too proud
it is also fraught with peril human
communications have always been
regulated if only by human biology word
of mouth only outraced footspeed
a mere moment ago in evolutionary terms
and now vast warehouses of facts can be
vacuumed up in the blink of an eye
lethal narratives of fiction can be
spread just as fast as Howard Beals boss
told him mr. Zuckerberg you have meddled
with the primal forces of nature you
accelerated the harvesting of
information and the dissemination of
this information faster than evolution
could keep up humanity has a lot of
catching up to do
we all have to be more rigorous not just
about what we say but what we believe
and even what we choose to care about
our instincts on those fronts do not
serve as well so we need to surpass them
and eventually retrain them but in the
meantime mr. Zuckerberg you are making
things worse and it has to stop you
apologized in full-page newspaper ads
and that's good the newspapers can use
the money and you have said you were
open to regulation which is also good
because it's coming federal officials
just today said that they are
investigating
whether Facebook deceived people about
his privacy measures but it's not enough
when technology assumes a fundamental
social function it acquires social
responsibilities which you now have here
they are
Facebook must be transparent you have to
tell us who is getting our information
and why Facebook must be more
libertarian Silicon Valley leans toward
libertarian policies when it comes to
others using its technology but you must
also be libertarian in letting Facebook
itself determine how it will use this
technology this means not just blocking
but outing those who had used the
platform to deceive others Facebook has
to stop disrupting disrupting all manner
of communication publishing journalism
disruption of functioning social utility
is a bad thing the tech obsession with
disruption isn't a love for innovation
it is a poorly veiled attempt at
extracting wealth from the gaps between
technology and regulations be better and
finally it wouldn't kill you to work up
some kind of reality check so the
fabulous portraits everyone paints of
their lives don't send the rest of us
into spirals of despair about our own
this has said in a friendly and
respectful fashion but you should
understand that none of this advice
involves charity on your part this is
about Facebook's survival pure and
simple if you don't change things people
will leave faster than you can say
myspace but in the meantime don't keep
telling us Facebook is a swimming pool
while you're still letting others turn
it into a cesspool
with that I'll leave you for this news
cycle the young turks is next and we'll
be back with the news at this same place
in time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then dan Rather reporting stay steady
hey Dave as you can probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching that documentary
on the Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing live TV
as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and he was in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're the time where it's you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history
you
