president Trump outlines of this
administration's plan to tackle the
opioid crisis this week it's a plan that
many critics are saying could be little
too late so let's talk about what the
plan is you know at the top of the plan
to me I thought was so interesting Peter
was he's going to execute we're gonna
start executing drug pushers now doesn't
that what's not clear to me if you
really want to actually keep the right
ones it's got to be the ones on Wall
Street that pushed all these opioids out
into the community that's the same
thought I had I mean where are we going
to are we just defined pushers on the
street corners or we need to go up the
corporate ladder is it going to be by
firing squad are we gonna shock them I
mean what do we I mean well the plants
actually got some decent I mean it's got
some good component there are some good
but bottom is what makes it just makes
us severe Wow Wow I mean the executions
are just a little all right Oh much okay
so so it's this sweeping statement that
we see all the time we're going to build
the wall we're gonna build a bigger
nuclear it's the same kind of thing
we're gonna get execute the drug dealers
here's the story though that really
should rise out of that who are the drug
dealers the drug dealers are not the
cats on the street corner selling
baggies of marijuana the drug dealers
are up on Wall Street McKesson see
McAloon twenty six million dollars in
two thousand that was his pay let's just
buy 126 126 and million dollars okay
look I could make a pretty good argument
that he's the drug deal he's a drug
dealer he's making millions how about
Cardinal Cardinal is another distributor
we call him a drug distributor on the
street they call the drug dealer but in
in the parlance of of what we have to
reach since they're dressed up and they
look like businessmen and they have MBAs
and they went to college we have to say
now they're drug distributors well no
they're drug dealers and they they
Cardinal AM eresource and McKesson yeah
McKesson those are the three biggest
they owned eighty-five percent of the
drug addiction problem in this country
now when he said I'm going to execute
drug dealers that's who he should be
talking
about and if he's gonna do that I'm fine
with it how he does it's up to him but
I'm fine with the execution of these
particular drug dealers because I got to
tell you something it's going to happen
again because you know yesterday for
example you and I met with the Attorney
General's from all over the United
States so some of these Attorney
General's actually believe they can
settle this without doing anything by
way of trying a case which is impossible
the only way these people react is to
punish them right and that means take
their money but I like you know I have
to change them I like I like Trump's
idea let's go ahead and execute the ones
and they won't do it again look I mean
if the goal was to get attention I think
that that works but I think we could get
some realistic attention by let's start
getting some documents in some of these
congressional hearings let's start
looking tell tell tell the people what
the DEA did just this week what tell
them about this ridiculous is my
favorite part so I mean you've got all
these plans coming out des this is the
federal government it's a DEA see of all
these federal plans coming out with all
of this let's fix the opiate crisis and
here we have the DEA in federal court in
Cleveland which is where all the cases
have been consolidated and the DEA has
this opportunity they keep track of
every single pill that starts the
manufacturer and ends up on the street
to keep track of every single pill and
the courts given them the opportunity to
give us the roadmap the DEA instead of
giving us the roadmap instead of saying
here's where the problem areas are which
they can clearly do where the pharmacies
are the pill mills that are the problem
the DEA is carrying water for Big Pharma
by making the objections like kind of
like like trade secrets and these are
our business secrets and we can't tell
you where we sell so on one hand we have
all this plan from President trouble on
the other hand the DEA this is refusing
to produce the run who is that who is by
the way answerable to the Attorney
General and then
I'm saying we're gonna execute him yeah
and but here they have a chance to just
give us the day is the day that we know
exactly who the drug dealers are right
they have the data and they refuse they
refuse to give the data of the white
collar thugs on Wall Street who are the
people who Trump should be talking about
executing and then bring those CEOs in
front of Congress and have them answer
some questions with the data that the
DEA has but instead they won't produce
here's the real point sessions all is
goofy talk about he's going to do that
he could do something tomorrow he could
do a purple walk tomorrow there is so
much information that allows him to do
that but the guy it's just the same
thing you know you the guy with the
briefcase he's the real threat he's a
bigger threat than the guy with a gun I
can tell you that in America today
that's the case
