a settlement was announced this week
between McDonald's and their franchise
employees who alleged that franchise
owners have been engaged in labor abuses
for years well I look at this story and
I agree McDonald's in all of these these
types that say look we operate under
some different label labor standard with
our because when the franchise business
I think is ridiculous
if the franchise owner says you know
what McDonald's I think I want to put
extra tomatoes on the McDonald's
hamburger
what's McDonald's gonna say no you can't
do that or how about this I want to put
a cherry in the chocolate milkshake the
franchise owner is going to get a letter
the next day say cease and desist or
we're gonna put you out of business
you're not gonna be part of McDonald's
that's kind of the way I see this case
what you tell you it's it's even worse
than that because the McDonald you can
say why the kids they can't mess with a
hamburger right I mean going to
McDonald's you want the same amber yeah
McDonald's tells them what soap to use
in the bathroom what kind of bleach to
use I mean everything McDonald's
controls everything and then to say oh
but not on the joint employee that's
okay that's all the franchise that's
ridiculous that is that's crazy how does
it started up with somebody with yet a
group in the group it was a unionized
routine they wanted $15 an hour like
that's really asking for them where they
should have think they was injecting
that for inflation because they started
it in 12 right Suzy 15 so order 15 an
hour is almost at poverty level these
people are working they want 15 hour
which is reasonable okay so what ends up
happening here is there's ways to get
you know by the way there's ways to get
around the 15 an hour
there's bonus systems you can use
there's all kinds of ways to solve that
problem I'm not suggesting that's the
only way but there but in this
particular situation you have this
effort by a labor organization that says
the employees that these franchises have
a right to demonstrate in protest and
say we think we're entitled to $15 an
hour the labor board tell me what where
the labor board gets involved here well
labor board I mean you and I hit this
kind of thread all the time about the
revolving door and it actually hits in
the revolving doors when when the
national labor board employee goes to
private business and then back and works
their way up the food chain and
everyone's scared to hit McDonald's
because they might not get back up to
another job at the NLRB and actually a
manual who's uh was part of the the
regulatory process in this case actually
ended up getting bounced because his
staffing agency represented so he's back
and forth so the labor board came in and
said you know what we're gonna find
McDonald's we're gonna ahead and hit you
McDonald's for some of this the joint
employee doctrine with the illegals
working and it ends up that they settled
the case before it goes in front of the
NLRB and the NRB really doesn't doesn't
do anything at the end of the day well
what you have now yeah you you have a
labor you have a labor board that is
squarely controlled with a Republican
majority okay the prices yeah and as you
point at Trump appoints his pal to be on
the labor board it comes find out this
pal of his has a clear conflict of
interest because he was a former lawyer
with a firm that represented some of the
staffing agencies that have been
fighting 15:11 interest in what the
outcomes well in this situation
McDonald's I think better get ready it
is sad that you have McDonald's have all
this control over everything yeah
accepting for responsibility for some
sorts courts need to get involved in
this if the if the labor board doesn't
there's a way to get this into you know
just a civil court there's a way to get
it there
