National Security Adviser HR McMaster
has officially resigned from his role
and according to reports john bolton
will take his place now previously there
were there was some speculation
indicating that HR McMaster would get
fired by Donald Trump they had been
butting heads on some issues including
Russian collusion and it turns out that
McMaster has decided to step down and
John Bolton again will be the new
national security adviser Donald Trump
did tweet about this as he usually does
about every other issue he writes I am
pleased to announce that effective for 9
18 April 9 2018 Ambassador John Bolton
will be my new national security adviser
I am very thankful for the service of
general HR McMaster who has done an
outstanding job and will always remain
my friend there will be an official
contract or contact handover on April
9th all right so let's begin to talk
about this disaster so first of all he
says he'll always be my friend because
this is a more amicable split as opposed
to Rex Tillerson who left obviously very
angry and was fired as Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo moving from CIA to
state if they are confirmed and then now
Bolton moving into National Security
Adviser now the reality is there's two
different reasons why McMaster is
leaving one is Trump won't listen to
anyone and so when McMaster gives advice
on Afghanistan for example Trump says no
I don't care and I'm not gonna do that
Trump pushes for outlandish ideas like
increase our nuclear arsenal tenfold
which is totally undoable it's
preposterous that's the meaning that
they all left and Tillerson called him
an effing moron right okay he also
pushed for private mercenary army to
lead our efforts in Afghanistan
preposterous insanity so McMaster was a
slight voice of reason he's also very
much a right winger but he wasn't as
insane as Donald Trump so they didn't
get along on those fronts and McMaster
said well the Russian interference is
clear and obvious yes and Trump did not
like that
and the the other reasons that people
don't talk about is that anybody with
any sense is leaving this administration
before it sinks muller is closing in
he's in the Deutsche Bank account
he's flipped George neither about their
secret meeting of seashells island of
Eric Prince and the Russians he's
flipped rick gates who is man of forts
right-hand man and they had all the the
russian dealings and access to it and
the circle is getting tighter and
tighter and now he's asked for documents
from trump organization so a smart guy
like McMaster who is like number one I
can't stand work who can stand working
with this guy he's a total idiot changed
his mind all the time
blames you for everything whenever he
does something stupid he's like oh it
wasn't me it wasn't me it was him it was
him right yeah a petulant little child
and perhaps about to get indicted by the
special counsel so McMasters like see
you wouldn't want to be oh mr. president
oh yeah yeah I mean you deserve someone
who can give you counsel you agree with
of course mr. president
I gotta go yeah I think that he
accurately read the tea leaves could see
that everyone around him everyone around
Trump was either getting fired or
resigning and so I do think that HR
McMaster made a good decision in in
stepping down now let's learn a little
bit about John Bolton a lot of you
probably already know but for those of
you who don't he is incredibly hawkish
and so Trump was the candidate who ran
as you know somewhat of an isolationist
when it came to foreign policy Bolton is
the exact antithesis of that and one
thing that Trump kept reiterating during
his campaign was how terrible the
decision to do a pre-emptive war near
aquas well Bolton till this day still
defends the decision to invade Iraq in
fact he said something along the lines
of all right so I guess there were no
weapons of mass destruction but it was
still important to take out Saddam
Hussein anyone who says that things
would be more peaceful if we hadn't is
wrong and a lot of people disagree with
that but again can I just say Anna even
Tucker Carlson the other night
embarrassed him on national TV
he said well obviously the Iraq war
turned out to be a mistake in Bolton's
like I don't agree to that
and they had a wonderfully awkward
moment there and it was one good thing
that tyre Carlson has done I think that
he was trying to prevent this from
happening for all other things he's
wrong about he is definitely wrong about
of course belatedly we were right from
the beginning about the Iraq war and
Bolton couldn't be more wrong and see so
McMaster leaving is a small part of this
story Bolton arriving is the much bigger
part Katherine absolutely and one thing
that Trump has in common with Bolton is
the type of rhetoric that they both use
in referring to dictators like Kim
jong-il in Bolton's case and Kim jong-un
and Trump's case so back in the early
2000s you know the United States was
engaging in talks with North Korea to
kind of calm down some of the tension
and in the middle of all of that John
Bolton comes in and says some pretty
nasty things about Kim jong-il
now we all agree Kim jong-il was a
terrible guy but you know approaching it
in this crazy undiplomatic way in the
middle of these talks was not the right
way to go he got a lot of criticism for
that now Trump is very similar I mean
the way that he's addressed Kim jong-un
is an example of that and also Bolton
does not think it's a good idea for
Trump to meet with Kim jong-un he
actually thinks that meeting will go
terribly and probably lead to military
action against North Korea so this is
fascinating
because I don't know which direction
Trump is gonna go in in regards to
foreign policy which I'll explain in a
second and how long bolt was gonna last
if Botha lasts a long time we're in
trouble because that means we're going
to war there isn't a war that John
Bolton hasn't absolutely fallen
head-over-heels in love with and he is I
mean is it fair to characterize him as
one of the top three neo cons in the
country yes absolutely he might be
number one so he loved Iraq war still
loves it to this day as Anna explained
he is pushing for the Iran war there I
again literally no one in the country
that is a bigger advocate for going to
war with Iran than John Bolton so let's
now talk about the different fallout
from that if you were Republican who
liked when Trump said oh Iraq war was a
mistake we shouldn't have gone in
energy Jeb Bush and his brother screwed
this up and you thought hey he's not
being tough on Russia because he doesn't
want to do too much intervention and
that's his policy and his principles
well then what the hell's john bolton
doing in this administration he's the
least isolationist guy there is he's an
enormous interventionist so if you take
the issue of Afghanistan now to Trump's
credit he's like it's a mess and we
should basically he was intimating that
we should get out
Boulton doesn't wanna get out of
Afghanistan boat must sustain every
single warzone for as long as humanly
possible he believes we should still be
in Iraq so he's still in Iraq so if you
thought oh McMaster wanted to stay in
Afghanistan longer and so Trump got rid
of him because of principle does he want
to get out of Afghanistan then why the
hell did he pick john bolton okay that's
that's point one point two is what is
john bolton gonna do on russia and that
is a huge question mark because let me
explain the background there is a
contingent that is against russia in our
government and in and in our public
debate part of that is because Vladimir
Putin is a bad guy part of that is
because and not just generically but
obviously sham elections the taking of
Crimea Crimea the in you know the
interference in in Georgia and the list
goes on and on so those are legitimate
reasons to be upset with Putin's
government in Russia
then there's a second contingent who's
against Russia because they are helping
Bashar al-assad and hence indirectly
helping the government of Iran and they
are aligned with Iran in that case and
Iran is viewed by Israel as the number
one problem okay mainly the Israeli
right-wing and our right-wing so there
is a giant contingent in Washington who
wants to make sure that we rip up the
the deal we have with the Iranians where
we got rid of their uranium so they
cannot have nuclear weapons now why the
hell would you want to rip that up that
deal is working we not only got rid of
any attempt at nuclear weapons which
they had not yet started but we got rid
of their entire nuclear energy program
and all we did was give them their
money back which we had held hostage
with in cooperation with the rest of the
world that's a great deal but you want
to rip up that deal if you want to go to
war with Iran but the problem is Russia
is on Iran side so that's why I don't
know what's gonna happen was Bolton
Trump there's one thing that you guys
that a lot of the analysts are missing
which is how monstrously stupid Donald
Trump thank you so I wanted to get to
that right and and look there I'm not
just saying that to insult him I'm
saying that because we are having this
discussion as though Trump is an
individual who has sat back and and
looked at all of the chests you know
pieces and tried to figure out the
nuances of all the foreign policy that's
happening and and the decisions that
he'd have to make that is not what Trump
is done now one thing that you should
know about Bolton is that he is a
regular on Fox News he is a contributor
on Fox News Trump saw Bolton on Fox News
like the way that he carried himself and
decided that's gonna be my National
Security Advisor
done he doesn't really know much about
Bolton no look this is obviously my
speculation but remember we're talking
about a president who doesn't like
national security briefings he does not
like to sit there and think about
foreign policy so he hasn't looked into
all these issues but and it's not just
your speculation because there's been
reports that he like these are reports
from White House insiders saying that he
like Bolton cuz he kept seeing him on TV
that's right and and by the way why
didn't he pick Bolton in the first place
it reports out but when he was deciding
his camera in the first place he didn't
like the way Bolton looked because his
mustache looked funny right I was like
that is the dumbest reason not to pick
anyone but thank God because Bolton is a
monster and I don't want him anywhere
near the government but having seen him
on fox news enough he got past the
mustache this is how this moron is
making decisions now why is that
relevant to Anna's point it isn't just
an insult Donald Trump and everybody
knows how stupid he is if your paint any
attention at all and you're not deeply
biased right okay so when Bolton says
rip up the Iran deal Trump seems like oh
yeah that's tough I'm gonna rip duck you
look who I said it was bad Obama is bad
Obama did that deal right what's in it
who Trump doesn't know what's in the
deal was what are the ramifications of
tearing
that deal he couldn't begin to tell you
doesn't even know what the word
ramification is anyway so no problem him
and boat will get along on that but when
Vladimir calls and says Donald what have
you done and it says hey wait a minute
I didn't want you to rip up that deal
and now we got issues then what happens
between Trump bolton because trouble
buddy what flood i iran or you guys are
aligned with iran color me an idiot i
didn't know that of course he doesn't
know that so when push comes to shove on
iran i am going to be very curious to
see what happens not that he won't rip
up the deal i don't know maybe a lot of
cool before he does or maybe after he
does but if he fires bolton the only
reason he did it is not because he
doesn't love war he loves the idea
what's the only reason you'd ever hired
john bolton it'll be because vladimir
told them to and so that drama for
another day yeah it'll be a rare
instance where Russia's involvement with
trump would be somewhat of a good thing
yeah look man when they interfere with
elections terrible when they're getting
the Twitter and the tumblr I don't care
about but I do care about the voter
rolls and etc etc right but when they if
if they tell them to fire John Bolton
it'll be the greatest favorite russia
ever did for us Vlad pick up the phone
if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoyed ad free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
