so one of the president's lawyers has
stepped down his name is John Dowd there
are a number of possible reasons why he
did this and important ramifications so
let's break it down first we go to Ross
story he had considered resigning four
months because he quote ultimately
concluded that mr. Trump was
increasingly ignoring his advice and New
York Times originally reporting that and
Dowd has repeatedly tried to warn the
president a yes doing a face-to-face
interview with special counsel robert
muller whereas Trump himself has said
that he believes he should do an
interview with the special counsel now
Andrew Napolitano Fox News legal
analysts went out on TV today again was
like that mr. president don't do that
don't do that basically all these
lawyers saying no you you knucklehead
you don't get it robert muller is
infinitely smarter than you and we know
you you're a pathological liar you're
gonna lie on the record about 17 times
per minute and then he'll have you for
sure but of course when his lawyer tells
him that trumps like oh i got this i got
this a waste smarter than Mulder I'm
gonna when I outsmart him
you know because you know why guys you
know why cuz although there is variable
genius okay alright if you say so
so if dad was counseling him not to talk
to Muller and now he's out fantastic
yeah hey mr. president man you're like a
smart person don't let your lawyers tell
you otherwise okay so another issue for
Dowd was this tweet that that President
Trump had sent out back in the day now
this was back in December of 2017 he
said I had to fire general Flynn because
he lied to vice president and the FBI he
has pled guilty those lies
it is a shame because his actions during
the transition were lawful there was
nothing to hide now
I'll tell you why that created a
significant problem for Donald Trump
we're gonna go to law and crime here the
argument was that the tweet indicated
the Trump already knew Flint had lied to
the FBI at the time and still asked
Comey to back off oops they shouldn't
have done that so that was a mistake it
in essence admitted obstruction of
justice in that tweet by the president
so what did his lawyer John Dowd do in
that case he fell on a sword and he said
oh it was not the president who
tweeted that it was me yeah I I grabbed
his account and I did it myself that
makes no sense at all no one believed
that but that created a second problem
for them okay as they explained the long
crime if doubt didn't really write the
tweet and Muller asked him about it
he'd have to either lie to the special
counsel to protect his client or tell
the truth and incriminate him so that
could be a big big problem now in this
case Dowd wouldn't even be able to claim
attorney-client privilege because he had
publicly said he wrote the tweet was he
reveal information to a third party or
the whole world you can't claim
privilege over it so then he's in an
unwinnable situation if Dowd was still
working for Trump law and crime explains
and was called before Muller to answer
those questions there's a decent chance
he wouldn't be by the time he was
finished so in other words if he comes
in and says yeah Donald Trump wrote the
tweet I was lying he saves himself but
throw his donald trump out of the bus
and he got an obstruction of justice and
you can't do that to your own client so
then you couldn't be his lawyer or he
has the light of the special counsel on
a thing that he does not have an
attorney-client privilege on and then
his careers in a world of trouble now
one way to avoid that conundrum is stop
being Donald Trump's lawyer and that's
exactly what John Dowd did so they might
have had disagreements I don't doubt
that at all but this might also be a
reason why Dowd stepped down now one
last thing for you guys I want to talk
about the guy that they brought in
partly to replace him his name is Joseph
II D Genoa and he is a clown
extraordinaire
there he had explained there was a quote
brazen plot by officials and the FBI and
DOJ to illegally exonerate the Hillary
Clinton and if she didn't win the
election to then frame Donald Trump with
a falsely created crime okay that's an
insane conspiracy theory I know the the
president likes to push it in Fox News
was
likes to push it but a legitimate
attorney that would not like to be
disbarred can't just go say that to
prosecutors or an open court that is
preposterous so more good news for the
country if you ask me a legitimate
lawyer has left the building he was
giving good advice to Donald Trump in
order to try to protect them from a
prosecution for the crimes he likely
committed now he is gone instead he has
been replaced by a total clown who's
gonna go oh yeah the FBI had all these
conspiracies and they were just going to
try to make sure that Trump doesn't
become president well at some point
you're gonna be in a court of law and
you're gonna have to present evidence
about that where's your evidence I've
been working with other Trump lawyers
for a long time I think there's a
conspiracy State or something yeah Jay
Sekulow another absolute amateur clown
lawyer extraordinaire is the personal
lawyer for Donald Trump these guys are
way above their pay grade they don't
know what the hell they're doing Sekulow
brought in the genoa and they're like
okay you believe crazy things I believe
crazy things have five I think that the
president is in way bigger trouble than
you realize and the problem is that the
as scrum uchi said the fish rots from
the head down the reason he has clown
lawyers surrounding him is because he's
a clown so when a smart person walks in
the room he goes no no no you're not
smart unlike a smart person I told did
you know about the deep state and uh how
very stable genius I am right and and
the goal you have this is prison you're
great man you're gonna kill Muller go
testify in front of mr. president talk
about the deep state a clown hires
clowns okay
if you're running a three-ring circus
you guys you need a lot of clowns you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
