you're about to watch a free clip of old
school if you like it wait till you see
the whole episode all the episodes in
their entirety are available for members
become a member by going to TYT calm
/join jr. michael shore marc thompson
it's old school so we put on our mic and
eat as we enter the show so that may I
can take another bite
yes so it does mean that so first of all
of course I have to thank our sponsor
shop TYT calm okay yeah now you can go
to shop too I do that calm if you're
watching this on YouTube I'll tell you
guys about that in a second I don't want
you to get caught off guard there's also
some sort of young turks t-shirts down
there somewhere okay just look down
there
okay so what's we changed old school a
little bit so there's like a third do
come on I think that they told us this I
know that the first half an hour is on
YouTube okay oh okay
and then the but the whole show is for
members TYT calm so that's joined to
become a member get the whole show now
as usual the members get to watch the
slime and a bunch of them are watching
now right we'll get their tweets and
stuff like that right right so just
explain something though because I got a
text message sent to me with the link to
you and Ben on a recent old school
episode maybe it was just last week yeah
and I'm looking I'm thinking well there
must be I've said something or was there
a subject matter that they thought maybe
I'll be interested in because it's going
on and on it's just you guys hangin out
doing old school and for 30 minutes this
tip this and I'm keep watching stupidly
because I think something's gonna happen
and the nothing does as you said no no I
just I've never seen this The Young
Turks just kind of hanging out talking
and she said I really like it you know
it's all to remember you would know this
and you'd be seeing it all the time but
she just broke through with the YouTube
I had a text from the president today
same thing
are you watching it was a link to an old
school I wasn't on that one for a half
hour so I've now said this a couple
times for the first couple as we warm
people up to like if they have never
seen old school marks absolutely right
nothing happens okay so if you're
waiting for something to happen not
gonna happen okay
although monumentally important things
are decided like what is the most
unamerican of the seasons right that was
decided on an earlier old school episode
become a member and check out that one
okay I'm just saying okay and last week
what if we had decided something equally
important oh I never got the poll
results if I arena still here it'd be
great to get the poll results from last
week because Ben and I both talked about
huge victories that we had had he had
lost his earpiece yes and then 48 hours
later found it in a park this is the one
she sent me yeah yeah yeah and then I
have an earpiece story a lost earpiece
story that happened to me last week and
I have a lost recovery story that tops
everything you talked about haha good
now we're having so it's part two okay
so we're gonna we're gonna do yeah part
two Michael vs. mark on the Big O I'm
not gonna compete with that mine's just
a lost and a lost air paste story okay
gotcha
alright but so what was yours though I
my dad found whose two days later in
right Sarah Beasley he what he wasn't
even looking for it right i ah you know
what we'll do a quick poll you without
going into the whole story again I on
the other hand knew I had lost a
bracelet when I was in college I had got
on a rugby practice and it ain't your
fallen somewhere it was a long way from
my dorm and I trace it all the way back
at dis DD I think I forgot to add last
time as the Sun is setting and I'm
looking at the sidewalk trying to find
it and you know for like 20 minutes and
I found it right I found it yeah so
what's the bet victory with the one you
weren't expecting or the one you worked
hard for Ben was adamant it's well
you've worked hard for this on his big a
victory I I disagree the harder you work
the more reward you have with that I
think I I think it has nothing to do
with you about
that you put in I think it has to do
just with the with other factors like
length of time and likelihood that it'll
be recovered so that's why I gave the
nod to been on so you're voting ban
you're voting judge well I'm voting Jeff
but here's why I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna pull a Jeff Flake on this vote
first is that I can picture that
bracelet and in my mind I know what that
bracelet looks like maybe I'm wrong but
I can picture that bracelet back in the
80s and what it looked like so I think
it's actually it would have been better
if you hadn't found it was it was a goal
that I love loops and it was it was an
awful bracelet so my girlfriend of give
it to me so and whatever happened to no
one knows right you know later loss but
so I think that the way to really
determine it and this is we did a poll
we restarted polls on The Young Turks
just to be able to do this so in in its
TYT calm slash poll if you wanted to it
might still be up might I'm not sure
okay is because like my sense of what
the bigger victory is who does that has
the bigger Kurt Russell moment so you
remember in miracle yeah then we beat
the Russians Kurt Russell's the coach
and he goes like gets away from
everybody this is like the thing that
I've always want to do in my whole life
right he gets away from everybody goes
into a hallway and just goes I've been
lookin but I think it's in mad as hell
as scene where I explained that's what I
look forward like and I still haven't
had it yeah right and that was like
finding things it's just the best though
yeah well especially once you've in a
sense resigned herself to the fact that
they're gone which both stories had I
mean again III watched because of this
weird thing I saw both stories and both
stores had that sense of well it's just
gone and I'm gonna try to find it but
I'm pretty much pretty much sure I'm not
gonna find it a Ben's had he loses it
for two days he comes back this same dog
park we're good and then he just parked
his car there and then right as he's
about to leave he looks down there
and there it is so there's a 2 days pass
on the other hand you know you did put a
lot of sweat and anxiety into the whole
thing that maybe should comprehend I
think the sweating anxiety ones count
for a lot you know because the anxiety
is a big part of it yeah I mean I'm
rethinking this I I think you may be
right
it's ok no the whole country's ablaze
with this kind of people can't stop
spreading the video around I mean in
fact it was a Alert today on all work
man you can't double joke everybody
that's an old-school rule you can't
double joke is that still the same for
the new old-school I had I had a I had I
told you that the five hundred dollar
Bellagio chip losing a five hundred
dollar Bellagio chocolate it's a great
service
ok hold hold one second I'm gonna go
that ok so I want under everybody to
understand the important things we're
gonna discuss ok a little bit later in
this program and I want to clarify the
rule you can double joke yourself your
own jokes in fact you can come to your
own jokes again and again and again
that's that's actually I think they
could the comedian's call it recall
callback callback thank you that's what
it is ok but you can't go back to
someone else's joke ok so you can't
double joke in that sense oh wow the
results are in oh my god we had almost a
thousand votes ok and I'm shocked by
both of em shot ok so first of all 950
fire boats on that insane Pole right and
he didn't clarify at all if you go on
there right now to you I do that kind of
slash pool it just says who was right
who had the bigger victory been finding
earpiece jank finding bracelet no
explanation right not on your 35 woods
all right 66% been 34% me
Craig's with me to the Roo this room is
the opposite it's 66% me yeah but no the
American people have spoken and I must
resign myself to this defeat
I'm gonna call Ben right now and give
him a kiss
let me you know just let me take it into
the theoretical for a second if it was
your wife's a wedding ring that you were
supposed to get cleaned or or fixed or
something a stone reset and on the way
to the jeweler or whatever you you lost
it and you'd resign yourself that to a
degree because you had anxiously looked
for it in this parking lot
whatever that's the kind of anxiety
you're saying that you had with the
bracelet like would you say it's on that
level this was a girlfriend gave it to
you
no I have look I'm gonna be honest
because that's what I am that's what I
do yeah it's my trademark that's my deal
and honesty yeah so uh it no it's
nowhere near the level of anxiety of my
wife's wedding ring I that's I mean
you've given us such an extreme example
right yeah maybe but it wasn't anxiety
like oh she's gonna be angry or even
disappointed it was more like nah I mean
I really appreciated that she gave it to
me and and like I feel real shitty if if
if I don't find it I just want to find
it it meant something to her she gave it
to me and you know I you know that's
cool this emotional Park was left out of
the initial with description whenever so
I'm saying now my son when he was let's
say for Thor whenever you lose a tooth
right I forget what age it is now but
around four or five years old maybe six
right yeah my son's just went through
around six okay yeah so he lost a tooth
at school and I you know they wrapped it
up for me so anyway I'd go to school to
pick him up and I put him in the the car
seat and I put his book and the tooth on
the roof of the car and I Drive off and
then later that night I realize oh ins
tooth is on the street it's lost I'm
frantic it's dark it's it's ridiculous
but of course I Drive back towards
school retrace the
the root of my car I find the book and
then I go back again fine-tooth comb
you know flashlight I look everywhere
for it and there next to some leaves off
to where from where the book was far
enough away from where the book was that
it didn't make any sense to me was a
little wrapped up piece of paper and it
was owns tooth and at that point I
thought oh my god this is fantastic
that is a great that's that's a good see
that's very modern I work very hard for
that yeah okay yeah it's nearly perfect
cuz that's gonna go up against Marx
Freud story in a second but hold on hold
on we're off to the races we're off to
the races okay cuz I've now got eight
stories yeah okay so I have a story
about leaves that's gonna haunt you okay
I'm not playing it's gonna be one of the
more powerful stories you've ever heard
okay and and so hold for the leaf story
don't go anywhere okay so I have a story
about the tooth fairy I his story and I
realized it when you talk about missing
things I realized oh my god my first
memory ever is of me losing something
and how deeply it affected my life we're
getting to that later Wow okay and if we
have time with the thing that I actually
wanted to start with but now we won't
get into until like an hour and 22
minutes of the show because there's so
much to talk about and only the members
are gonna hear that because the the 30
minutes yeah I haven't said a word okay
but the thing I wanted to get to was
your favorite job ever because there was
a story about a weatherman today and so
mark was is a meteorologist there's a
long time with her man and I wanted it
and you but you're also a voice actor
you were also a talk show host you've
done these things and so I was curious
what your favorite job is you I'm not as
interested in Michael but mine was
working for Mark yeah well you Michael
is on my podcast has one of his he just
does is probably for the money but he's
still great to have him there yeah
he offers political insight at the
beginning of every show these available
for and he just went up there and you
can listen to Michael talk about the
Cavanaugh thing we disagree on the
Cavanaugh
outcome and but Michael knows like you
know all the political ends it out she
knows where the political bodies are
buried so it's always good to have them
in so that's the the show's called the
edge with Mark Thompson and Michaels at
the front of every other it's fun it's
great yes listen the edge with Mark
Thompson and I we might or might not get
to the cabin or disagreements because
I'm definitely curious what the
disagreement is but anyways but that's
for much later all right so first
important stuff the $500 chip okay I was
going to Las Vegas so I'm getting
everything together and the last time I
was in Las Vegas I was at the Bellagio
casino and I went to the casino page
where you cash out your chips and your
money and you and during my trip they
gave me a $500 chip and I thought okay I
got to get down to the casino cage and
turn that into $500 but I didn't have
time so I left Vegas with this five
another chip so when I'm going back to
Vegas I remember to take the 500 other
Bellagio chips that's worth $500 when I
walk into Bellagio so I've got the chip
going through TSA at LAX and what is the
first thing I they take make you take
everything out of your pockets the first
thing that drops out of my pocket is
this $500 chip and it rolls like three
feet away and the TSA agent says hey you
may need this and he picks up this
purple colored father Nerada Bellagio
chip and returns it to me and I note Wow
mark hang on to this chip I mean this is
clearly you know not secured properly
put it back in my pocket
get on the plane go to Vegas and I'm on
that long cab queue where they have they
say how many and eyes are one okay
you're on number 11 and you get on there
and wait and number the number 11 spot
and this cab comes up and I get in and
this guy starts telling me he's super
chatty this cab driver about how he was
a fighter that came from Guatemala when
he was 19 and he like really trained
with Freddy Roach and he told me all
this time he was like very chatty and I
shot some Instagram stories with him so
bla bla bla he drops me off at the hotel
I pay him I go up to the room I take all
my stuff out and I'm kind of unpack and
what's not there the $500
chip and then I'm frantic now I'm
tearing everything apart going through
the pockets going through them again and
again and again retracing the footsteps
it's gone and this just in no one's
gonna find a $500 chip from anywhere and
return it to you or I don't even know
where you got what you supposed to call
lost and finally go ahead anybody turn
it loose yeah I mean come on buddy
you know except I have a story where we
did that where you turned in the chip oh
you kind of not-not-not a chip
I'll explain okay okay so this is where
you get into the resignation you know
and you go okay I'm resigned to the fact
that I'm out $500 but when you're me you
add to that like you don't deserve money
you don't treat money with value you're
you know you of course you lost it
because you would lose it anyway because
you're such an ass head so I am
self-flagellating right about how I
don't I don't deserve their Opus Dei
yeah and then I I and I text my my
girlfriend and I say I've lost this chip
and then I say to her I don't deserve
money I'm off and all that stuff so
she's gonna meet me there eight hours
later so I'm down playing poker and I
tell a couple of people about this story
I think god I just can't believe it I
feel like such an idiot eight hours go
by my girlfriend text me
she says I'm in a taxi no way and I
think the cab driver has your $500
Bellagio you know when you got the
detail the trained with Freddie Roach
detail that that would that this guy was
gonna come so I don't know why I didn't
see it coming
she's like an uppercut out of nowhere
when she when she very well play when
she arrives she's told to go wait and
spot eight or whatever for the cabs and
some woman actually as she's waiting in
spot eight cuts in front of her and
takes the cab that she was gonna get in
spot eight so she goes to the guide and
goes I don't know what just happened
here but that woman ended up in my cab
and he said no problems ma'am I'll wave
over another cabin he waves over another
cab this cab pulls up she gets in
and he's starting to take her on the
freeway and I always tell her don't take
the freeway in Las Vegas that's how they
essentially make the meter run high and
they it's like adding $12 to the fare
and I'd run this into her right don't do
it it's a waste of money and you'll feel
and it's like a scam so she says oh gosh
I wish you hadn't taken the freeway my
boyfriend's gonna kill me and he said
ma'am don't worry I'm gonna turn the
meter off
he said because High Roller was just
here and he gave me this as a tip oh now
now that now there's a great drama in
this story I sense in the at the very
beginning which is easy gonna give it
back
and he holds up the $500 Bellagio chip
and that's when she texts me and she
goes oh my god
I think this driver has her chip as your
so I she then suppose she didn't tell
the driver she starts she laughs and she
said this is so weird because my
boyfriend who came in here just a few
hours ago lost a five hundred dollar
Bellagio chip and then he said oh no no
no no this chip was given to me a long
time ago and I showed it to my ride and
Bella so he starts to backpedal right
was your girlfriend a little turned on
hearing you referred to as a high roller
and then the that she says I texted her
I said is his name Juan and is he from
Guatemala because then because I
remember let me just this part I dunno
his name is Juan he's from Guatemala
$500 belong huge the details yeah not
the detail was important because I had
all these details about him like on
Instagram and and I had the Instagram
stories so she said Wow and then she
said yes his name is Juan I said well
that's my chip in a month
falling out in his cab yeah so she then
says well you know it's funny he knows
your name Juan and says to say hello and
that he was in your step and yes he has
the whole thing on video and when
apparently at the mention of video he
kind of melted and said I I want him to
I think this is his chip I want him to
have it back and I want him to have it
back and I mean I've just texted with
Mark and he says hi but she indicated
that I out she was communicating though
just like I don't know
but the point she was indicated to him
that she was in touch with me and that
he was just in your cab and right and
whatever so then he goes - you know I
was put on this earth to I think I
believe in angels and guardian angels
and I was I think I might be his
guardian angel it's funny to be fair to
him I just felt as though I'm sure he
was in a tough spot and he was trying to
get to doing the right thing and he did
the right thing he returned it I could
certainly see a lot of situations where
a cab driver go hey I don't know what
your boyfriend saw I don't know what
your boyfriend shot but I've had this
chip for a long time and it's not going
anywhere
the best is one telling the story I had
the worst day of my life
girlfriend all the people in Vegas gets
in my head yes 3,500 cabs in on the
strip at any one time
we kind of did we ran some numbers and
some odds by the way I gave the guy $100
for returning it back oh you're
unbelievable I mean chip or cash into
cash
I think you have to I think just because
it was so freakish and half
horse question I think you have to III
think naps oh no no you have to if he
immediately volunteered it do you see
what I'm saying yeah but no no and I'm
pointing it properly man the night he
broke pretty quickly yeah I hear you at
the mention of video you're a better man
than I am you're a better man than I am
which is good I think he's a good guy I
you know if I thought he was sleazy or
that he was trying if there was
something sleazy about the guy he was
sincere I think he thought you know
there's this moment Wow
but yeah in the end either the right
know doing it me wrong so there's no
there's two more parts of the wand story
one of which has not yet been written
okay so hold which is that he has Owens
tooth that's right now you see I can't
say and my bracelet yeah okay so but he
wouldn't know anyway so here's another
part of the wand story that should make
you feel sympathetic towards him which
is gonna lead to the second part at some
point
miraculously between rides or another
possibility but hold on he had to go to
the backseat to find your $500 chip
right
do you see what I'm saying and he
referred to it as a tip to Mark's
girlfriend yeah he left this for me yeah
how between you taking the cab and your
girlfriend Amy cab he did the weird
thing of somehow stopping looking in the
back and getting the chip or someone
else got in it was like wow there's a
$500 chip know that when I think the era
you're right but I don't think it's a
weird thing I think it's kind of
protocol if there somebody gets out of
your cab right for if you ride you go
back and check oh really
they've all night they're not or after
you let you know I'm standing there
paying him I remember quite clearly the
door was open and I'm there on the
passenger side giving him money and then
and I must have as I take took my stuff
out of my pocket it the chip dropped out
onto the floor so as he closes the door
he'd make look in to see the guy leave
his cell phones I'm like that and he
might have seen the chip on the floor he
takes it it's more damning you shouldn't
have given in this more damning or he
takes a turn right on flamingo a little
later and he hears this thing jingling
around it's bothering that might make a
little should be a pole okay I'm with
Mariano okay two to one
Craig Craig do chips from Vegas casinos
jingle they don't jingle on their own
that's the question let's assume it's
not carpeted it's still the the chip
fell onto the onto the floor of the cab
we're not adding when I when I took my
money out of my pocket so it's already
on the floor how would a jingle it's not
when it lands I'm talking about 15
minutes later driving and there's this
noise coming out of this right here it's
padded or it's carpeted of course not
gonna jingle if there are some tabs I
think there's a little bit more metal
ground but I don't think you need the
CSI team on this one it wasn't jingling
around I think it that's how he found it
we just really call Juan Roca okay so
now hold on hold on Oh what did you get
I hope did we say his last name no no
his name is okay okay because the last
part of the unwritten story is this is
public so people will be in Juan's cat
somebody who watches this alright but
whatever you do guys don't be mean don't
do it he's a great guy I mean oh he's a
great guy in fact I wanted him to be in
his I wanted to have him on the air all
right nobody's
that's what I'm saying
the unity of the universe has brought us
all to Wands cab you get it everybody
thank you we're all going to experience
one that's what changed the name of the
podcaster just call it once again
everybody's in I told the story when I
got home I told the story on the radio
in Los Angeles and somebody got into
Juan's cabin baby and focus Jencks ed
told you took roughly said I hate you're
the guy they're telling you return the
to the chip and he was all too and we
then he texted my girlfriend he texted
me he's a nice guy so yes well that ends
well that's right and so it just have a
little bit of fun right so if you're in
ones cabin and you say hey are you from
Guatemala okay or Betsy don't do that I
guess he might not be might be the wrong
one and he's like what why do you so
yeah but if he says he's from Guatemala
ask him about Freddie Roach yeah that's
my botching Yeah right
well you a boxer you seem like wait a
minute what no world is going on here
well I got a great idea leave a $500
chip in there anyway so that's that's a
great so anyway just because the odds of
it happening he has to get the same cab
that alone yeah they see in fact the
largest win you've ever had in Vegas
that's absolutely right
I mean that defies and then remember she
has to something has to happen so he
starts talking to her and tells her
about the $500 chip right that's the
weird thing that's not enough just to be
in the cab so in the end human nature is
what brought the the he was so excited
that he lifted up the you know them yeah
yeah and again what last thing on
sympathy for Juan I mean if somebody had
left a family dollar chip in my cab now
remember I can't find a guy even if I
dropped you off at the Bellagio how the
hell am I gonna find you I don't know
your name right I don't know anything
right I'd be super psyched to sure
other people I cannot believe what are
the chances and yeah in the terrible
irony of this is it would have been
better if it had been left in Juan's
camp because there's no way you didn't
lose it later
Oh in fact the Bellagio got 401 got 100
so yeah it sounds back to thank God we
said he was oh my god is gonna have the
greatest luckiest weekend ever look
you're running hot naturally it was I
was annihilated that we had Juan take
you to the right Zak get one over here
and take me to the airport yeah because
you're you use up all your luck exactly
on one exactly okay he was your magic
wand well you know no one's gonna call
that one back but from now on he'll be
known as magic well from now one all
right all right so one more okay now so
that that story is not going to be
defeated so we'll go through the rest of
them quickly on the found stories okay
sure cuz so you have you found your
earpiece what was that one oh okay so
the other day I'm flying in the middle
of the night I connected in Indianapolis
to go to DC just to not fly into Dulles
that day and so I get to the Capitol
where I'm gonna be reporting and I
realized that my Chargers and my IFB
earpiece are missing the little pouch
what possibly could have happened I
charged my phone and Indianapolis on the
but I then I put it back in I called
national airport I call American
Airlines they would take reports over
the phone and then I'm walking to
actually get makeup because makeup was
in it too and I have to get powder and I
I call oh my god when we call
Indianapolis Airport call Indianapolis
Airport customer service answers or
guest services answer I say this is
crazy but did anybody turn anything like
this in she said no where was it I said
it was Gabe b6 I was sort of off to the
left she
what is ice it's a black pouch hold on a
second I said well actually can I call
you back yeah my name is Sonia call me
in 20 minutes so an hour goes by cuz I'm
working and I forgot about because of
course they're not gonna find it I
called back Sonia is at lunch the other
lady system is it a black to me pouch I
said yeah it's a black jacket should we
have it here listen can you FedEx it to
me yeah sure it was just sitting on the
floor at this at the seat like next door
again it's not nothing nothing nothing
is gonna be like mark story but you
think that's another situation what you
think it's gone because it just took my
situation your wish yeah new stuff yeah
I mean it's similar story I'll make it
quick is it's not amazing but then I get
to the amazing story so I I got out I
planed tied my shoes did something else
and then I walked at his Washington I
walked out I got a new car and I was
like oh no my bag okay I had forgotten
my bag and I'm but I had forgot where I
forgot it right it was
did he call Indianapolis hello but we
have your back you know like you said on
the plane is that it sit in the bathroom
I went to the bathroom is by the where I
tied my shoes is said I'm like this is
hopeless
I don't even know how to get back into
the airport right because I'm out you
can't go back etc right so I went and
tried to smooth talk my way back in and
they let me back in okay right so they
let you back to see of awful yeah and
and it turns out it's a thing and you
get like a blank ticket and you show it
to security I said okay it's a blank
ticket I forgot something in there you
have to go through security and of
course right and then so I go back and
it's sitting right there by the
terminals I'm like and I owe and I had
taken the train so it could have been on
any one of the trains and I thought it's
most likely on the train because between
the terminals oh yeah you were jealous
yes yes that's right okay I'm like oh
there's no way and I'm like trying to
look on the trains I'm like I'm totally
screwed
and I get back to the terminal and it's
right there just sitting there in front
of everybody was like yeah
right I got everything in there right
it's the best so on the upside I would
have lost my to-do list and I wouldn't
do it I once left a bag in baggage claim
that is to say I left with two bags and
I forgot oh I had a third bag that they
made me check or something in baggage
claim and it's kind of to what you were
saying once you leave baggage claim you
done they wouldn't let me back in I
think it was an international flight
that's why and which made it even
crazier because you've got you know once
you've gone through passport and
everything they're not letting you back
into that area
it took a supervisor you have to plead
your case as you say and then you have
to show them all these different forms
of ID and then you send a supervisor
back there with and they accompany you
it was a big deal to get back into that
secure area on the go
you can still listen to TYT on our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or tyd comm slash
podcast I'll see you there
