Brent welder running for office in
Kansas third District he's a PRT member
a former Wolfpack volunteer worked on
Bernie Sanders or was appointed as a
Bernie Sanders delegate for the
Democratic platform committee introduced
resolution to get money out of politics
he's winning he's winning by seven
points in his district against the
Republican incumbent good news today is
that another group has come out and
endorsed him he was already endorsed by
just Democrats our revolution and so
many of the other progressive change
campaign committee all the the giant
progressive groups in the country but
now the Congressional Progressive Caucus
has come out in favor of Brandt welder
they've only done 13 of these
nominations throughout the whole country
so this is the group that has rolled
Grijalva wrote connor barbara lee Maxine
Waters John Lewis keith Ellison Bernie
Sanders so the most progressive group in
Congress today has endorsed Brent welder
and his Democratic opponent in the
primary is a moderate his name well I
guess his nickname is moderate Mike why
because he has two slogans or among many
many different uses but I love these two
one is leading from the middle not
joking that's his actual slogan and
another one the courage to compromise
okay man when I get in office I will not
fight for you I will immediately
compromise that is thrilling man you
really got me revved up and then he just
said this about Bernie Sanders he says
Bernie has quote disruptive ideas from
moderate Mike and rarely any credible
plans on how to implement or pay for
them that is not progressive that's
reckless I don't know why he's doing
that it's a preposterous ly bad
political idea to that district and the
primaries went heavily for Bernie
Sanders and then actually went for
Hillary Clinton in the general election
yes it's in the middle of Kansas and yes
it is a progressive district and right
now it has a horrible Republican
incumbent Kevin Yoder the number one
recipient of payday lender money but
luckily Brent welders gonna get him out
of there so check out his endorsements
that Brandt Walter dot-com /
endorsements we'll have all the links
down below but most importantly you got
to put them over the top the way you do
that is knocking on doors so if you can
volunteer in his district fantastic if
you can let's get them to $50,000 on TYT
kansas calm now we're really really
close so let's get to $50,000 and finish
this thing so he can get a feel team
look at how close we are we're right
there on the doorstep so let's see when
you have that 250 thousand as soon as
possible so he could send his field team
out in the field start knocking on doors
and put away the nonsense leading from
the middle guy and and most importantly
put away Kevin Yoder and get that
incredibly corrupt Republican out from
that seat and get it for a strong
progressive like Brent welder if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks o every day
