so in Russia they had an election
recently where Vladimir Putin won he got
77% of the vote and now he did not let
his main opponent run against him mm-hmm
and we're still calling it an election
it's preposterous
and then there was allegations of ballot
stuffing and other improprieties well
Reuters with a fantastic story about
this real reporting on the scene well
they saw people doing voter fraud in
fact they took pictures of it so I want
to go to an explanation of the store and
then I'll show you the pictures for
yourself
The Guardian explained the story
initially reporters have photographed
what appears to be the evidence of
people voting twice and Russia's
presidential election well we'll see
with our own eyes if that's the case in
a second in the town of East Jakarta in
southern Russia near Georgia Reuters
reporters photographs 17 people who
appeared to cast to balance lillah quote
coup yama for the horrible mispronounced
asians anyway a member of the Election
Commission when shown the pictures of
the people who apparently voted twice
said they could be twins well that would
be a hell of a coincidence 17 sets of
twins voting nearby in one voting
station after another after another in
fact let's show you these so-called
twins and see what you think those are
two different polling stations separated
by just a couple of hundred yards and
that appears to be the same guy same
face same exact outfit voting twice it
looks like all right let's show you the
second guy yeah yeah that's the same guy
again here's the third that's the same
woman two different voting areas that
looks like it's fraud all right let me
show you more of the pictures ah yep yep
nope those are definitely the same
people okay don't give me this body
double Saddam Hussein not sense okay
those the same people voting again and
again and in fact Reuters caught up with
them and figured out who they were so
now we go to Reuters saying many
appeared to be state employees and some
showed up in groups and in minibus
is bearing the names of state provided
services gee I wonder who put them up to
it I can't quite tell approached about
the incident okay this is great actually
before reading this feel everything
explained to you they caught up with one
of the women she they had pictures of
her voting in polling station 215 and
216 okay so they asked her about it and
then they explained this way it
approached about the incident this woman
says she had voted only once at a third
polling station number 270 oops she's
like no I only wrote her once I voted at
217 well we got pictures of you at 215
and 216 oops so they voted at least
twice but perhaps far more than that and
a Reuters explains this is a practice
known in Russia as a carousel if it's
common enough to have a name it's
probably something that's done quite
often at least during the reign of
Vladimir Putin now one more from Reuters
here Larisa takiyama head of the
Election Commission for polling station
216 said after looking at a picture of a
woman in a pink coat who voted at the
polling stations to 16 and 217 we all
have the same mentality we all look
alike that's the second possible
explanation they could all be twins or
all Russians look alike and have the
same pink coat could happen and we all
think alike apparently so because in
this district Putin got eighty nine
point eight six percent of the vote yes
yes you all think alike when they send
in the buses from the government to vote
over and over in that district okay when
Reuters reporters asked how the
officials could go home at that point
given other irregularities that were
pointed out by Reuters to the people at
the voting stations the director of the
school hosting the polling station said
quote you want to cast doubt on Putin's
victory and the answer to that in Russia
is almost always no
no I do not want to cast doubt on
Putin's victory and this is how you
steal an election well at least in this
case he was stealing an election in his
own country
Young Turks what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
