it turns out the person who had done the
bombings in Austin has left a 25 minute
confession I he passed away when
officers caught up with him he blew
himself up that was a sixth bomb that
exploded two had been killed in the
earlier bombings five injured so good
law enforcement to track him down and
find out who he is
then they found his confession and
here's interim Austin Police Chief Brian
Manley explaining what is and what is
not in the tape he said he does not at
all mention anything about terrorism nor
does he mention anything about hate but
instead it is the outcry of a very
challenged young man talking about
challenges in his personal life that led
him to this point now do I doubt that
the bomber was quote unquote challenged
no I do not doubt that now we showed you
yesterday that that he had written blogs
with very conservative opinions but I
think it is relevant that he did not
mention anything related to hate or if
he didn't mention politics at all or any
agenda for the bombings that is super
relevant as to whether actually was
terrorism or not because if he has a
political or religious or social policy
agenda then it's unquestionably
terrorism so I think the first part of
that quote is important and relevant the
second part about how he's a very
challenged young man how often do you
see Muslim terrorists being called oh
it's just a challenged young man what I
mean he decided that he was gonna mow
down nearly 50 people he was a
challenged young man he oh that guy was
gonna kill his coworkers that other guy
was gonna do a bomb in New York City
they were just challenged young man well
golly gee what can you do look I don't
think the police chief means any harm in
it at all I just think that he looks at
the guy and goes there but by the grace
of God goes someone I know he looks like
me and so and he had troubles and so and
there's troubles led to this when it's a
Muslim at the foreigner it doesn't look
like me doesn't have a similar name I'm
not gonna look into it oh yes
challenged challenged no he's a monster
and we're done with it in fact let me
show you two different things here that
I think illustrates that really well our
producer Jared Jackson found these at
first we're gonna go to represent our
Michael McCaul on Fox's and listen to
how he describes the Austin bomber hi
this is I guess in a sense homegrown
terror what do you think we've learned
so far well you now usually talk about
these cases in New York I didn't imagine
this happening in my hometown of Austin
I think it's clear from his confession
this is not terror related although it
did terrorize the City of Austin for the
last month
I think the nightmare is over it's time
to heal in Austin I think it was a
disturbed young man a very probably
mentally ill type person so let me get
this right even though he terrorized
Austin and did a series of bombings it
is not terrorism because now we found
out he's a white right winger he's just
a disturbed young man that's all well
now let's look at Donald Trump his
fellow Republican describing a New York
City attack which was done by a Muslim
let's watch the horrifying terrorist
attack in New York City just blocks away
from the site of the World Trade Center
and to further investigate this animal
who did the attacking I am today
starting the process of terminating the
diverse Airy lottery program
diverse eree and diversity lottery
diversity lottery sounds nice it's not
nice it's not good and we want to get
rid of chain migration this man that
came in or whatever you want to call him
in there Austin case six bombs went off
the whole city's terrorized everybody's
looking at every package like it's gonna
explode but it's not terrorism he's just
a disturbed young man what can you do
about it
in the new york city case he's an animal
he's
man whatever he is he's not a man and
more importantly in the austin case well
now that we found out he's a white right
winger nothing we can do now that we can
do let's just move on move on oh it's a
Muslim in New York uh we got to end all
immigration what they're calling chain
migration is legal migration those are
legal documents the heart of legal
I'm sorry legal immigrants the heart of
legal immigration so he's gonna end
all legal having almost all legal
immigration because of one bomber who
was Muslim in New York what are we gonna
do about Austin there's so many right
wingers in Texas
Austin's mainly liberal but also there's
plenty of conservatives in there are we
gonna you know what Austin's mainly
liberal right so maybe we should just
keep out the right-wingers from Austin
until we can figure out what the hell is
going on I believe that our right-wing
friends have a very strong point of view
on terrorism they say that if you just
call it the right words it'll solve the
problem it hasn't yet but let's try it
so this was domestic terrorism let's
call it what it is you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
