so you might have heard that Toys R Us
has gone bankrupt they're gonna close
all their stores in the US and you might
have heard different reasons for that
but you probably didn't hear the most
important one so that's what I wanted to
share with you today so first of all CNN
explains the company told employees on
Wednesday that it would close or sell
its Us stores after 70 years in business
so is it market reasons you know you've
got Amazon it's causing troubles
obviously for the retail industry you've
got other competitors well let's find
out
Toys R Us debt problems Oh debt problems
and that's not often talked about date
back to well before Amazon was a major
threat its debt was downgraded to junk
bond status in January 2005 at a time
when Amazon sales were just 4% of their
current level so Toys R Us started
having problems way before Amazon grew
into the Goliath that it is now so that
is not the heart of the problem well
things were about to get worse for Toys
R Us a year later the company was taken
private by KKR Bain Capital and real
estate firm Vornado Vornado also has a
deal with the Kushner's by the way
there's 6.6 billion dollar purchase left
it with 5.3 billion in debt secured by
its assets and it never really recovered
okay so well was it the debt or was it
other issues and by the way Warren Eidos
deal with the Kushner family is in
regards to buildings in New York City
not related toys-r-us to be clear now
the toy store face several other big
challenges at about the same time CNN
explains there was the rise of big-box
retailers like Walmart which now dwarfs
Toys R Us in total toy sales so that's
fair but what was the biggest problem
well again here Chris isadora writing
for CNN explains the company's biggest
problem it was saddled with billions of
dollars in debt that debt stopped it
from making the necessary investment in
stores and that meant an unpleasant
shopping experience that doom the chain
this is actually something that happens
all the time when companies are bought
by
equity guys like Bain Capital a lot of
times the private equity guys take out a
significant chunk of money for
themselves out of the company right in
the beginning they saddled a company
with tremendous debt so the company can
never improve itself let's give you the
scope of it even toys are a CEO David
Brandon conceded it in an SEC filing
last fall that the company had fallen
behind competitors quote
on various fronts including with regard
to general upkeep and the condition of
our stores exactly as was predicted and
this is what happens when these
companies are loaded with debt but much
of the chains resources were devoted to
paying off that massive debt load rather
than staying competitive when Toys R Us
filed for bankruptcy in September of
2017 it disclosed it had about five
billion dollars in debt and was spending
about four hundred million dollars a
year just to service that debt now
there's a lot of different reasons why a
company might have debt that is not
illegitimate and not all of KKR and
Bane's investments go south like this
and and they don't want it to go south
they want to be able to take money out
in the front and on the back end and and
so on the other hand when they are over
leveraged like this and the company has
to spend four hundred million dollars a
year just on servicing their debt well
it is very hard to recover it it's very
hard to put in the necessary investment
into the actual business itself to grow
the business to upkeep the business and
to have it be profitable so basically I
mean you can call it a vampire squid if
it's over leveraged they come in and
they start sucking the money out and
then when it collapses they go oh Amazon
or Walmart now those were factors but
they were not the main factor in fact
the bird that burden the tax burden
crowded out critical strategic
priorities like making its stores a nice
place to shop and paying employees and
bloomberg reports partly offsetting the
loss that Bain and KKR and vornado is
having right now is more than
470 million dollars in fees and interest
payments that toys-r-us awarded the
firm's over time so don't cry for those
private equity companies because they
had already taken out nearly half a
billion dollars from toys-r-us before it
collapsed so understand when your local
stores go down there is sometimes an
obvious reason that you can see with
your own eyes competitors did better
sometimes there are reasons you cannot
see and that has to do with how private
equity is structured and how much they
debt they put on these companies and at
the end of the day in most of the deals
the private equity guys get money in the
front oftentimes in the back they make
plenty of money and that is their job
but some of these companies collapsed in
the meanwhile and we never hear of them
again and that's how this game is played
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
