hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
something a little on the breaking side
of things amazon just revealed that
they're going to be paying $15 an hour
plus for all employees as a result of
pressure from different media outlets
the workers across the country and
bernie sanders Jeff Bezos has been theny
a little bit here and it's going to be
paying $15 an hour now one thing I will
caution people on do not be quick to Pat
Jeff Bezos on the back here what what
he's doing don't congratulate someone
when they got caught doing the wrong
thing so many times they finally did a
little bit of the right thing it's like
the equivalent you catch someone
stealing something you grab them and say
hey you stole that drop it and they drop
it you don't congratulate them like way
to go you dropped it look when somebody
works for you there's no charity evolved
on either end they're providing you a
product they're providing you a good and
if you don't give them a living wage out
the gate you were stealing from so
patting Jeff Bezos on the back is the
equivalent of congratulating the thief
I'm just saying we need to recognize
this for what it is
what are your guys's thoughts well I
mean it's it's the guy that comes late
every day to work who finally shows up
on time and goes I should get I should
get a raise do you like my wacky tie you
know I mean in the short run I'm glad
that the people who are making whatever
nine 10 dollars an hour now getting 15
and that's a great thing but let's be
real clear here this guy has a hundred
and sixty eight billion dollars he could
peel off one of those billion dollars
and his whole everyone he could change
his 300,000 employees lives for the
better and guess what he would still be
able to fly in a seventy five million
dollar Gulfstream mmhmm yeah and he was
facing a lot of criticism for you know
there was a patent that came out that
they were potentially
looking at building cages for employees
employees were reporting that they were
going to the bathroom in bags and in
bottles and the bill that Bernie Sanders
introduced the stop that employers by
zeroing out on subsidies bill or stop
Bezos was really going to impose a 100
percent tax on his company to cover the
costs of employees who had to get
government subsidies things like housing
subsidies or food stamps so let's be
honest this is his way of avoiding that
and trying to correct the bad PR that he
was getting so you know you bring up
Bernie and this is something interesting
that that I'm kind of wrestling with ie
I wanted Bernie to start a third party I
showed up at convergence I showed up at
Draft Bernie I thought that we're kind
of at that point in our politics and in
our world where something like that is
necessary it doesn't look like that's
going to happen anytime soon so what we
need is a suitable alternative and what
I think that suitable alternative is is
kind of a rise in labor and a rise in
kind of just progressive alliances all
across the country and I see that
working you know he showed up for Disney
and it worked for Disney now it's
working for Amazon you know Bernie says
his first priority is transforming the
Democratic Party I understand that task
but I think his first priority should be
really coalescing and throwing his
weight around to bring about a rise in
labor because I think that's how actual
change is gonna happen I think that the
real change we need in this country is
going to happen outside of electoral
politics or at least if it does involve
electoral politics is going to be more
on the local levels and then spread
nationwide I mean to go back to the
Amazon thing what what Brigitte a
touched on obviously Bezos is doing you
know he's he's avoiding all those those
things that you brought up but he's also
saying well if I give you an extra $5 an
hour now you don't have to form a union
you know that's his me that's another
that's another tactic that he was doing
here and I agree that that if we do a
party that we should form should be a
labor based party because labor
transcends
red state blue state you know I mean I
can guarantee you there's people in red
and blue states that are getting screwed
over by by the management and we saw to
the teacher strikes in several red
states and they were successful we're
very successful exactly so that's that's
what I think it should be it should be a
labor base third party yeah yeah I mean
III just think like this he's showing
that that's where because you need to
kind of have such a I mean there's a
reason why there were Pro Union
Republicans so many years ago it wasn't
because like Republicans were just
really nice and Democrats are even nicer
it was because they knew they had to be
that way so yes I would love for this to
eventually be a third party if that's
not gonna happen anytime soon in the
meantime I think that our best action
forward is a huge rise in labor that's
why I'm so I like what the DSA is doing
I like the fact that they're picking out
these causes and they're running with
them and they're also you know having
progressives run on various different
levels some are trying to infiltrate the
Democrats some are running as
independents and greens I think that
what kind of needs to happen like when
you look at what happened the first time
with FDR when we got out of the Great
Depression we had our FDR there were
socialist parties that were loud there
was an organized labor movement that was
loud so FDR basically had to go to his
rich friends and he had to be like okay
you guys are either gonna give up a
little bit and still be rich or you're
gonna have to give up all of it
choice is yours and then we got Social
Security and we got all the other things
we got with the New Deal I think that
needs to happen again and I think we're
slowly starting to see it work one
strike at a time
for now though I'm worried about
automation as automation comes into play
we're gonna see a much harder it's gonna
be much harder for people to have that
labor movement because now they're
potentially gonna be fighting against
these corporations and they're replacing
people with machines and if they're not
going to be putting in sort of universal
basic income then how is a labor
movement going to work that that's my
concern I guess
oh yeah movement it's a great point
because III just
video for political vigilante about
Amazon just opened up cashier list
stores they opened up their first one in
Seattle and they're increasingly putting
robots on their floors in their
warehouses so yeah that's just an I
would love to see a labor movement as
you said but I really worry that it's
not going to work yeah how would they do
that what would they like how would how
would that work in terms of how could we
deal with the automation that is that is
that is coming that's happening well my
hope is that as technology progresses
some of the problems that are being
created by technology will also be
solved by a technology if that makes
sense so sure we might have a rise of
automation but we may be able to make
more I don't know offset it somehow well
I think that's kind of where the
conversation with ubi starts a universal
basic income because the the
inevitability of it is the technology
it's never going to go away which means
like once automation starts it's not
just it's not it's not gonna go
backwards it's gonna keep going forward
so then you get into the discussion of
it's time for a ubi in this country
where everyone just gets a universal
basic income so I think that's gonna be
part of the conversation I don't think
it's gonna be the whole thing because I
think you also have to then have tight
rent control being enacted cuz otherwise
like housing will just go through the
roof so so yeah I mean there's a lot of
complicated factors at play here and
that's something that's a little bit
discouraging because when you look at
what happened the first time around with
our FDR a lot of the things that society
had in place back then we don't have in
place now right and that's a concern
yeah I think to one of the models that I
heard that was interesting about ubi is
not exclusively ubi but ubi as an option
and there's still jobs in the private
sector if you want them you actually get
the choice if you want them and that
that might hand or handle or or adjust
to the imbalance that we're going to
have with the automation that you're
talking about which I'd like to see I'd
like to see I think there's there's a
solution out there I think it's just we
got a it
bunch of economists not corporatist
short there's a solution but how are you
gonna get the corporations and the
people like Jeff Bezos to cave and want
to support those policies they're
ultimately the ones in Congress who are
lobbying putting all their money into
promoting candidates that help them not
necessarily that help the people
Tom Perez the DNC chair who is could not
lead his way out of a paper bag and
could probably not directly answer the
question what did you have for breakfast
this morning
that guy has struck again in this case
it's in the be fair he could answer that
question if it was funded by a big
corporation and what did you want me to
have for breakfast oh yes I'll had that
you know what breakfast on the ballot
everybody wins and everybody gets a
breakfast and when when we don't put
breakfast on the ballot we lose that
that's what really is going on and I
like turkey sandwiches for lunch that
would be his answer yeah that question
what did you have for breakfast this
morning so uh this goes into what's
going on with Brett Kavanaugh the DNC
chair gives the thumbs-up to any
Democrats who might vote for Cavanaugh
want to vote for Cavanaugh well
according to the TNC chair that's a-ok
what are you gonna do here's some quotes
from the article let's go to the figure
one please at this point voting against
Brett Kavanaugh should be the most basic
thing possible for anyone calling
themselves a Democrat this was true
before his Senate hearing but voting to
confirm him after that hellish frensley
of mail disgust at the mere idea of
female power should get you run out of
town instantly when you say that it's
fine for Democrats to back him you are
saying that the rage in anguish in fear
that people especially women feel about
his potential confirmation is
meaningless to you this is not
complicated and finally as long as
Democrats like Tom Perez keep selling
out their voters like this they will
keep sending the message that there is
no reason to trust them with anything
despite what they say about their values
that was my added ad-lib some thoughts
Regina I mean are we surprised by this
everyone keeps calling out the DNC in
the Democratic Party oh my God look what
they've done but like isn't that why
we're all here because they do keep
doing this why are we surprised I feel
the same way I read this I wasn't mad
when I read this I just went oh look Tom
Perez is doing exactly what Tom Perez is
differently he's being a
an establishment Democrat he's doing
exactly what the party has always done
and proving to everybody else that
they're not going to change their ways
and this is exactly why I personally
think Trump is gonna win again right
because that's a great point because
this is this is all they they're gonna
say all resist resist resist resist and
then they're gonna go I'm gonna resist
at all they're not gonna resist at all
hashtag resist dot dot dot if you feel
like it feel like it or not and the the
thing here is not only is this offensive
to two women or anyone that's been an
abuse victim not only that let's just
put that aside just for a second not to
minimize it but to put it aside the
Supreme Court was put in place by the
founders as a check against to make sure
that a president didn't become a king
that's what it was there for and and and
both sides should be wanting to have
somebody in there that's neutral but but
this is this is the how ridiculous the
two-party system is is that we we they
sell everyone out they contradict and
are hypocritical at every turn and and
and oh they're offensive to any to women
or anyone else that's been a victim of
sexual assault it's just two people who
haven't been victims of sexual assault
it's incredibly offensive to the
American people to think that it's okay
to be cheering for this guy and giving a
thumbs-up vote for him especially with
all the allegations yeah and the other
thing too is like if he's so innocent I
know if I was accused of anything I
didn't do by anybody I'd be like I want
a full investigation right because I
would have nothing to hide one when he
was asked a direct question he gave
every tell in the ball imaginal II do
you remember that lightly she was like
did you do it he was like no no no no I
didn't know he grabbed a binder for no
reason do you remember that I think he
just grabbed the binder he's like is
this myth's is it full of women no I
didn't do it I didn't do it I like beer
me and my friends like beer and that's
like what are you if you're asked a
question and you babble on about your
childhood for 40 minutes it might be
because you have something to hide I
don't know call me yes no questions are
pretty easy when you're innocent mm-hmm
you know did you steal that thing no I
didn't I didn't do that not well at a
certain time when stealing was viewed by
people and other you know they just give
this like corporate doublespeak
and it
shows you how ridiculous both parties
are the Republicans are getting behind
this guy who's clearly a rapist and then
Tom Perez sells them out like we and we
as the American people keep going for
the lesser of two evils wouldn't it be
great to have somebody in understanding
how important this job is and saying you
know what yes you should investigate me
100% because this is the highest court
in the land I'm gonna be involved in
decisions that I can't even foresee that
are going to affect every single person
I wears that type of leadership because
by putting somebody like Cavanaugh in
that is what the leadership wants they
want somebody who is pro corporate
somebody who's going to be there for the
next 40 years or so I mean we're looking
at it from our perspective but we just
have to realize that our leaders really
don't care and they've proven that over
and over again they don't care about the
people whoa yeah like like hey Graham
did you eat the last candy bar well when
I would hang out with my friends squee
buddy Billy and Boehner we would have
candy bars all the time and what's slow
lets you know the candy bar let's not
let's not spend time on partisan candy
bars so just answer it steal it or did
you not and then you know then the stuff
that Perez said I can't even I well do
you guys think it's likely that some
Democrats are gonna go for him yes yes
they will unless they realize that there
might be political consequences because
they wouldn't know to vote with morals
and ethics if they wouldn't know if that
was put right in front of them if you
asked him point-blank what are your
morals and ethics say well wrote for the
values of the mean they would go into
the same nonsensical answer because none
of them have any sort of moral compass
on any level to make it equal they're
all finding ways to justify Cavanaugh's
behavior and allegations against him
saying that he was a juvenile at the
time you know he was 17 the statute of
limitations in Maryland where he's being
accused is one year for what would
amount to a misdemeanor even if it was a
second-degree assault that would be a
misdemeanor and especially for a minor I
don't think he would get in trouble at
the time
and rape in Maryland at that time was
also a misdemeanor so they find ways to
make it okay and justify it because it's
not really a crime it's just a
misdemeanor well and let me pose this
question to you guys because this like
like looking at this like bigger themed
where where you just have this supposed
opposition that just rolls over
constantly time and time again blue no
matter who empowers Trump or any other
Republican blue no matter who empowers
them because blue no matter who gives
you the people that are gonna go along
with them
blue no matter who gives you Joe Manchin
you know Joe Manchin had a wonderful
primary opponent in polishing Swearengen
who is an amazing leader and I would
love to see her in office she ran
against him the establishment got behind
Joe Manchin the blue no matter who got
behind Joe Manchin and he's still around
blue no matter who gives you your Joe
Donnelly so you're Claire McCaskill's
blue no matter who gives them so when
you see people arguing for blue no
matter who saying well at least we just
got to get the votes against Trump it's
like no your strategy gives us the votes
that Trump needs it's like the opposite
I just feel like and I don't understand
why why let like neo liberals don't see
this because it's the same thing it's
it's this blue this exactly which every
time and they're like what the
Republican Party's they're so far
right-wing they're so evil yeah so don't
follow them go left
like they just can't seem to get that
through their heads like go let's stop
go and stop going well this incremental
central is it centrism is it is what
causes this and they gave us Trump I
mean it's their fault that they that we
have Trump and that we have now because
Trump is in the White House we're about
to have Kavanagh this frat boy idiot is
gonna be in the in the Supreme Court you
know and what do something Democrats
like I'm sorry the lesser of two evils I
you know it's it's the equivalent of
like you and your significant other and
you have kids in it's date night and
it's like well we've got two
babysitter's to choose from the meth
head or the serial killer those are our
two choices at least the method won't
won't murder our children but but the
meth
head can be pushed to the left if we if
we bring the meth head in what their
values Ron head the meth head makes a
mean turkey sandwich and and that turkey
sandwich could be a full meal if we
pushed guys we are coming up against the
break a quick plug here Graham Elwood
and myself are going on tour the
progressive comedy tour has been
announcing some dates
November 2nd Sacramento California
November 3rd San Francisco California
get your tickets now because they're
running a little low you can get those
tickets over at romp Lacombe or grandma
would calm we're just adding November
4th and Santa Barbara will have a ticket
link up for that very soon yes in
January January 9th Gainesville Florida
January 11th Orlando Florida and it
looks like January 12 Jacksonville
Florida details coming on that soon but
tickets are available now for
Gainesville in Orlando
and where we're going next is an issue
that I know I've talked to all of you
off mic about at various times this is
an issue that is near and dear to all of
us and really affects us a lot here
particularly in California right now and
that is net neutrality now California
has passed a very very tough net
neutrality bill and that bill was SB 822
it was a good net neutrality bill and
Governor Jerry Brown did sign it sounded
at the last possible minute but he did
sign it and no sooner had the ink dried
on the piece of paper than the DOJ was
coming at California with a lawsuit they
didn't even wait like it was like
instantaneous like I tweeted like I was
like hey this is good news and like they
were like we're suing I was like wow
they honest Sunday no less honest Sunday
so let's go back to the graphic
California's top net neutrality bill
prompts us lawsuits so the new law
prohibits internet providers from
blocking or slowing data based on
content or from favoring web sites or
video streams from companies that pay
extra now here's another part of the
bill that makes it even stronger than
the Obama era net neutrality protections
which we got on the books in 2015 that
doesn't mean it didn't exist until 2015
and I always think it's important to
point that out we've basically had a
soon net neutrality since the advent of
the internet but we didn't have it
solidified into law and digital rights
activists for years were pushing for it
to be on the books and the FCC wouldn't
do it so finally the cable companies
took it to court and they won and then
Tom wheeler had to designate the
Internet as a utility to get us the net
neutrality protections that we had on
the books in 2015 and he did that not
because he wanted to he actually didn't
want to why because he was a lobbyist
but people commented it and commented
until the FCC's website crashed so he
did the right thing at the 11th hour so
anyway net neutrality my point is net
neutrality has been around for a long
long time it's just been solidified on
the books since 2015 it has since been
repealed and so we're fighting it on the
state levels and in various different
capacities that we'll get into but
here's another
thing this particular California bill
does it also bans zero-rating
and which internet providers don't count
certain content against the monthly data
cap generally video streams produced by
the company's own substance subsidiaries
and partners so basically if an internet
service provider is saying oh if you
stream with this video service that we
have a contract with it won't go against
your monthly data cap it'll just be
copacetic they can't do that anymore
and finally the US Department of Justice
wants to stop the law arguing that it
creates burdensome anti-consumer
requirements that go against the federal
government's approach to of deregulating
the Internet then they make it outline
like that's a good thing
like Department we just want to
deregulate the internet so you can pay
$30 extra a month to go to Twitter
what's wrong with that that's freedom
right America so we're gonna talk about
this bill and then we're gonna talk
about where this entire issue needs to
go next but let me get your takes on it
right away
Regina all right so I love this because
I love when the GOP which is Pro more
rights for states does exactly the
opposite when they've been fighting for
you know especially jet efficiencies all
about like states rights states rights
until this happened so then he's like no
states rights no states rights so I were
for the most part mine yeah but I just
love how they flip what they care about
as soon as they're in the federal
offices oh it's so great it's said that
that's the end they end there and that
that quote you had up there is just they
literally just the reason the lawsuit
was filed is cuz they just had a program
with that language ready to go the
minute it was just gonna automatically
send that lawsuit with all of their base
talking point because their whole thing
is boy the Democrats regulate and we
can't get business done that's why it's
like so they they do and then the state
right think you do the same thing states
rights unless it's you know gay marriage
or Potter or this then we're gonna come
in and say the federal government's
gonna put its foot on your neck and I
want to read this quote once again the
California Legislature has enacted an
extreme and illegal state law attempting
to frustrate federal policy that's from
our boy Jeff sessions
so he weighed in on it so the other
thing important to note here is that
this bill that got passed was not the
only bill related to net neutrality that
was proposed here in California and
that's an important piece of this entire
puzzle
there was also an accompanying bill to
go along with the bill that got passed
now the bill that got passed was SB a 22
and that essentially just gave everybody
net neutrality protections it brought
back net neutrality protections for all
consumers gave it back to them mm-hmm
the accompanying bill came back it gave
back their heroes because they gave back
the thing that they stole but that's
what that the accompanying bill how it
was different was that that bill made it
a requirement that anybody wanting to do
business in the states at the state of
California had to abide by net
neutrality laws and rules or else they
would not get any government contracts
the reason this is important to note is
because they passed this bill knowing it
was gonna be taken to court they they
knew there was gonna be lawsuits
involved and there's lawsuits going on
and in other parts of the country to
this bill because it led into the way
states use their funding had this bill
passed too there would have been a much
stronger case that the overall net
neutrality bill would have been much
less susceptible in court because that
accompanying bill didn't pass what's a
little more susceptible of course later
it's like that that accompanying bill
was like it's it's it's buddy that's
built and buff and ready be like oh you
want to mess with this bill you're gonna
have to go through me first that bill
didn't pass so it's just it's just the
one lonely bill kind of like that a
schoolhouse rocks video no I mean
overall III I like seeing that the
states are fighting for themselves and
net neutrality is so important and it's
something Ron you've talked to a lot
about is his municipal broadband we're
all talking about it before the show and
I think this is what you have to do in
the federal and this is how the system
was set up this is how this
three was set up is when the federal
government is is overreaching you're
supposed to circumvent it you're
supposed to say no we're gonna do it our
way you know and in this case it's for a
good thing and so I think more states
should do this I think more states and
cities especially should do should start
their own broadband to just like take
this out cuz right the
telecommunications companies they're
running everything you know Jeff
Sessions is just a mouthpiece for for
all of them and so we need to go around
them right and if they really want to
keep the Senate and if they want to
battle anybody in the house elections
they have to realize that for
Republicans net neutrality is a popular
bill all Americans for the most part
want net neutrality so I find it
fascinating that they're trying to go
against the will of the people
for what for corporations to be able to
charge people more money mm-hmm this is
where the the you know the corporate
duopoly really shows its head to all
Americans because when this first when
they first were getting rid of net
neutrality the site that went them like
NASCAR fans went the craziest because
they were like they livestream it they
they're so inactive in it as those fans
and that's a very right-leaning a fan
base and they were realizing hey this
isn't right and hopefully it'll be the
kind of thing that wakes up all of all
of Americans to realize that we're all
getting screwed over they want us
divided red state blue state liberal
conservative but guess what they're all
all the politicians are bought and paid
for and it's just professional wrestling
the Republicans and Democrats and it's a
scam it's not just about our wanting to
go on the internet and look things up
and have fun on our iPhones it also has
already impacted firefighters in
California hmm as soon as the net
neutrality rules were removed
they started blocking I think it was
Verizon that started throttling you know
services to firefighters and they
weren't able to provide the emergency
services they actually released a
statement saying that it did affect
their ability to provide those emergency
services and you bring up municipal
broadband which is an excellent point
we'll talk about that even more in the
next segment here but municipal
broadband
the internet out of these corporations
hands out of the hands of Comcast and
AT&T and puts it into the hands of the
public
and it makes it another utility in your
city that's what we should have done in
the first place countries that did this
in the first place
they have better internet that we do at
a cheaper price countries that did what
we did and allowed organize dois police
to exist they have worse internet at a
higher price that's just definitiely
what happened Chattanooga Tennessee has
a municipal rob ban they have they've
had it for years and you talk about
bipartisan support from the people you
know Chattanooga did it and they have
the best internet in the country at a
reasonable price less than what most
Americans pay so now the entire state of
Tennessee is really getting on board
with this and trying to have their own
municipal projects I used to live in
Nashville I lived in the blue dot in
Tennessee but it was still a relatively
conservative place nonetheless so the
message of municipal broadband is one
that has support from all Americans and
it's one of those things that that fixes
net neutrality permanently because you
don't need bills to keep these
corporations in check if you have
municipal broadband it also creates jobs
because you can turn any place into a
tech hub any city a farm you can turn it
into a tech hub when you have high-speed
Internet and it helps everyone it helps
farmers it doesn't just help startups
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
Agartha progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
