so Donald Trump has said over and over
again the war he's gonna get you the
wall no matter what the wall in fact let
me quote Donald Trump from the campaign
because he was very specific he said I
would build a great wall and nobody
builds walls better than me believe me
and I'll and I'll build them very
inexpensively I will build a great great
wall on our southern border and I will
have Mexico pay for that mark my words
in fact lucky for you President Trump we
have mark your words there they are so
we're gonna find out if that happened in
a second but one more quote from the
president when he was a candidate it's
gonna be made of hardened concrete and
it's gonna be made out of rebar that's
steel and we're gonna set the rebar in
Nice heavy foundations won't we boy ok
good because the budget just came out
and I assume that there's gonna be
rebars and concrete and hardness to
harden that all over it let's find out
absent from the 1.3 trillion dollar
spending plan for the budget year that
runs through September 30th is any money
for the construction of a border wall
oh well that's funny turns out not only
is Mexico not going to pay for it we're
not gonna pay for it either which is
good news for the rest of us now the
problem is try to make excuses for it I
think how posts in this case SB date
writing writing this article put it in
good context so let me read that to you
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office
Wednesday evening countered 1.6 billion
dollars in the bill that would pay for
quote physical barriers and
infrastructure and funding for related
technology and personnel along 95 miles
notice none of that said wall and Trump
himself tweeted later that night got 1.6
billion dollars to start wall on
southern border rest will be forthcoming
but Democrats pointed out that only 641
million dollars of that money is
designated for 33 miles of quote new
fencing or levees specifically not a
concrete wall now you want to know who
proposed
fence along the southern border Hillary
Clinton and at the time trucks a cup
fence no way
no okay we're gonna build a giant wall
with rebar and concrete hardened
concrete and said what do you got oh you
so fancy oh you got his offense dude
just like we told you he's full of crap
he doesn't mean anything he says it was
just a marketing gimmick to trick you
into getting your votes you know why
they're not actually building a wall
because no donors care about a wall
maybe a couple of construction company
is here and there but there's no giant
industries like drug companies and oil
companies and bankers that are
interested in that wall so you're not
gonna get that wall that's how the dirty
corrupt politics works in the Trump
administration what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
