Mark Zuckerberg hath spoken under his
eye Mark Zuckerberg is you know the head
of Facebook and founder and in the wake
of all of this Cambridge analytic it
wasn't exactly a data breach it wasn't
exactly a data hack what actually
happened in the wake of it it took five
days before Mark Zuckerberg made a
statement people were calling for it Amy
Klobuchar and others according to this
graphic news
Senator John Kennedy and I just sent a
bipartisan letter to Chuck Grassley
asking for a judiciary hearing with
social media CEOs including Zuckerberg
this isn't the first time we've made
this request but now 50 million people
who had their records stolen should add
to our numbers John Kennedy himself said
the behavior from Facebook lately has
been kind of getting into the foothills
of creepy he also wanted to know if
we've been you know Facebook is enabling
us to live in some kind of weird Truman
Show environment where they create our
own reality for us the UK has launched 4
million queries into this kind of data
issue the UK information Commissioner
Elizabeth Denham said she is producing a
warrant to search Cambridge analytical
servers after the firm missed a deadline
to voluntarily cooperate even people who
have been themselves absorbed into
Facebook have been absorbed into
weighing in on this Brian Acton the
co-founder of whatsapp which was bought
by Facebook for 19 billion dollars in
2014 posted to Twitter it's time to
delete facebook we are going to skip
forward to graphic I think it's 66
because Mark Zuckerberg after five days
and his company losing 50 billion
dollars in market capitalization finally
made his statement he said we have a
responsibility to protect your data and
if we can't then we don't deserve to
serve you I've been working to
understand exactly what happened and how
to make sure this doesn't happen again
I started Facebook and at the end of the
day I'm responsible for what happens on
our platform we will learn from this
experience to secure our platform
further and make our community safer for
everyone going forward all right a
couple of small points and then the
really the heart of it
first of all I don't know it's not my
business but the Brian Acton speaking
out against Facebook after he sold his
after them for 19 billion dollars I
don't know man
I'd have kept that one internal he no
longer works for Facebook I know he
doesn't and I know he gets to say it and
I know that once they sell they always
leave the building as soon as they
possibly can and I know you already got
your billions of dollars he doesn't get
the whole 19 billion there's investors
and stuff but he I'm sure he got plenty
of money be cool yeah and maybe that's
wrong maybe he's principled for speaking
out it's a small point okay and number
two I don't care about the timing issue
he took five days and how posted an
investigative story about how he likes
some pretty pictures on Facebook
yeah so he must have been hiding in a
cave look man they lost fifty billion
dollars in market cap Zuckerberg himself
lost nine billion dollars in in his net
worth now it doesn't really matter you
still got sixty six billion but losing
nine billion dollars it's a bad week
it's a bad week for anyone how would you
respond like first of all I don't even
know how to wrap my mind around having
the remaining dollars that he has but I
don't even know how you could function
after losing nine billion dollars no but
again if you started with seventy five
billion it probably doesn't matter -
look I've done the math on it first of
all forty million is an outrageous
monstrous number okay but I'm positive
that anything beyond forty million is
really unnecessary yeah okay so you get
to a billion which is 960 million about
forty million little Oh seventy-five but
anyway so don't shed too many tears for
him but my point is that they're gonna
take a little while to figure out what
the right way to respond is they're good
they're got investors soon and they got
users suing them they've lost they're
reeling right now they've got everybody
attacking them they're gonna huddle with
lawyers they're gonna huddle with PR
people they're not gonna just go out
there and give an earnest statement like
oh man I saw what happened to ecology
that sucks right awesome right it's just
like oh god let me go I didn't know I
gotta get
everything together you know yeah this
is a gigantic business with a ton of
financial interest they're gonna take
their time to figure out what is the
best strategy so and now on the flip
side to that is so when they come out
with statements with or being incredibly
contrite and we were taking personal
responsibility senator Mark Zuckerberg
didn't go in there go hold on let me
right type this thing out right it's PR
people and that was looked at a thousand
times over by a hundred PR people and
that's okay that's okay he runs a giant
company but understand where that's
coming from so it's not like he's like
oh man God no personal response fine
it's I got owned up to it my bad right
no that's what you're supposed to say to
put people at ease and yada yada I'm
just keeping it real with you guys as to
what's going on yeah I just don't know
the I've seen a lot of Mark Zuckerberg
apologies you know because there are so
many changes that they introduced to
Facebook and there are so many decisions
that they make I remember when they
invented the feed the feed which is the
ideas basically so far in the rear view
mirror of Facebook but it was the idea
that instead of just going to your
Facebook page and then going to someone
else's Facebook page they would take all
the data that you're already sharing
compile it and put it in the Facebook
feed and that's what you scroll through
and when that happened back in 2006
Zuckerberg had to write an apology
saying wow we really messed this one up
and and I don't remember the exact words
but that was the beginning and then he
made that statement recently where he
had to go and he stand he's sitting
there looking straight into camera and
is like you know work uniform and behind
him is like people going around the
office it's just it's just so strange
and I don't know how accountable to hold
these social media companies and I don't
know how accountable they're holding
these other these other folks cuz when
you look at Cambridge analytic they did
access this deep this data
inappropriately by acquiring it from
someone who wasn't supposed to sell it
to them but I don't know to what extent
Facebook can turn around and say you
know what we are gonna levy an
appropriate punishment to people who
these inappropriate things so look we
are partners with Facebook we don't
there's not a lot of money at stake
there I'm just telling you to be
over-the-top careful and give you any
kind of conflicts of interests we might
have now having said that I am going to
be both more generous to Facebook than
others are being and I'm going to
explain why and more harsh to Facebook
than you hear anywhere else so let me
explain what I think is the reality here
so were they as some writer put it
aggressively disinterested and I think
that was the same HuffPost writer that I
criticized a second ago were they
aggressively disinterested in how their
data was being mined probably and and
the reason for that is they are making
money they're selling ads so they were
this Cambridge analytical was supposed
to act only had like a couple hundred
thousand people download the app but
somehow they got the information of 50
million users so some are saying
Facebook looked the other way to make
more money now they'll have to
investigate that that is not proven
we'll see how that plays out but is that
a a real issue yes that's definitely a
real issue and one that they got to get
on top of and and they can't let their
greed get away from them now on the
other hand it's important that you guys
know some of the ulterior motives going
on here so the rest of the press is
loving this because they despise
Facebook now why do they despise
Facebook not having anything to do with
Cambridge analytical or the elections
it's because Facebook was unreal jerks
to them okay so how they're like come
here come here do instant articles do
put all your articles on Facebook and
will reward you and will put all your
videos on Facebook and will reward you
and on and on and on everybody come to
Facebook we've got a wonderful little
trap for you guys I mean one wonderful
thing that's gonna give you more viewers
and everybody got hooked on Facebook and
then they change the rules and they did
it over and over again and it destroyed
a lot of companies it hurt a lot of
those media companies tremendously so
they've been looking for payback for a
long time so the minute Facebook's in
any kind of trouble they got no allies
left and everybody jumps in for the
coffers more cambridge out a letter car
so there's definitely shot in florida
here as they try to pounce and do the
hashtag delete facebook and push that on
and on I've got more but yeah yeah when
I might got reaction to all to the
Facebook stuff cuz I know people who
work there and I there is I don't think
that anyone over there is like evil I
think it's very much like hey we're a
tech company we have all this
information what can we do with it
well I think more than what we could do
with it we can see what you guys can do
with it and that's how that it's
presented in those big original Facebook
platform meetings and and they did that
and then you know as much as they
thought they knew what would come of it
that same entrepreneurial spirit that
they were depending on to grow their
product turn into this people taking
that spirit too far and making it turn
to like an evil demon spirit that Minds
psychographic information by starting
out asking you like little quiz
questions and so it's a lesson not just
for Facebook but for all other companies
out there digital or otherwise it there
should be some cap on your green because
once you've alienated everyone on the
planet and anyone who might work with
you well then when you need them you're
not gonna have any friends and so
ironically their feet is pretty barren
here because everybody unfriended them
for how they treated everyone else in
the in the business now another really
important part though another part
that's illegitimate is that they also
have those other media outlets now that
they realize they're not making any
money off of Facebook and it was a trap
in the first place and they got nothing
out of it now they're viewing Facebook
as a competitor so and the TV guys hate
all the online guys so they view
Facebook as a giant competitor that
sucking away audience the content
producers don't like Facebook because
they get paid almost nothing whereas on
TV they get gazillions of dollars yeah
so so now all the TV guys like Facebook
is not legitimate their knowledge of it
right you must
what is it by the way what are they
demand then they say don't do any
independent media from now on if you
want to be legitimate the only people
that you can favor are CNN NBC ABC CBS
etc New York Times Washington Post all
the old media if you do anything else
Facebook you're part of the problem in
Russia and analytical and this and that
and why do the politicians care well
they love the incumbents love the system
where they get have all the money and
can use TV to win every election this
digital media's that allows upstarts to
beat them they hate that let's go back
to the way that it was so that is part
of the attacks against Facebook and
understand that that's the context
nobody else tells you if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
