a 22 year old african-american man named
Stephan Clark was shot and killed by
Sacramento police in his own backyard
late Sunday night and you'll be fine
shocked to find out that he was unarmed
when he was shot and killed the police
department said that officers were
responding to a report that someone was
breaking car windows nearby so that's
the initiating criminal activity that
they're looking for so keep that in mind
deputies in a Sacramento County
Sheriff's Department helicopter spotted
Clark in a backyard and told deputies
that he had shattered shattered a window
with a toolbar police approached Clark
who they initially believed was armed
with a gun police said Clark held an
object that he extended in front of him
as he approached two officers again in
his backyard
the officers believe the suspect was
pointing a firearm at them fearing for
their safety the officers fired their
duty weapons striking the suspect
multiple times and the spokesperson for
the department said that each of the two
officers fired 10 shots a total of 20
shots they couldn't even say at that
point how many times Clark had been hit
and police said Monday that the only
item they found near his body was a cell
phone they believe it was an iPhone and
they thought it was either a crowbar or
a gun okay so but just in case they shot
and killed him and that's the heart of
the problem with this story so there's
couple of layers first layer is some
parts the story don't make any sense so
well he's living with his grandmother at
this apartment they shoot and kill him
in so in his grandmother's backyard his
home that he's been living in his own
backyard they kill me why did he have to
go to his neighbor in this case it's
Bill Wong 88 years old and he said he
didn't here's window being shattered or
anything right but okay he's 88 maybe he
didn't hear it why go to his neighbor's
house shatter a window for no reason and
then jump the fence and go to his own
backyard or maybe he was just in his own
backyard yeah and he saw a black man in
his own backyard with something in his
hand and they're like well I must be a
weapon let's go shoot him yeah okay now
I don't know that that's the case and
everybody they're gonna release the
video at some point they did have
cameras on them which is a great new
we'll find out and it might be that he
and so which brings me the layer two and
I'll get to the caveat in a second it
immediately afterwards after a shooting
what do unfortunately a lot of police
departments that throughout the country
do they smear the victim right so now
all sorts of things are in the press
because the cops say um you know we were
chasing down a guy they were chasing
down I got some book guy did was
actually breaking windows apparently
right
I believe that part there's no reason to
lie about that I don't like just you're
not spotting random dudes in their
backyard but let's go murder that guy
right so they were chasing someone they
thought right but then they say oh well
did you know about his prior criminal
record so then they go back to 2008 for
a charge there they go back to 2013 for
a possession of a firearm which I think
every right-winger in the country has
but and it's a violation though in
California etc possession of a
controlled substance I don't know if it
was marijuana and ninety percent of the
country does that but we got to put all
that stuff out that remember that guy's
a guilty guy did he do this no
apparently not I mean he just had a cell
phone he wasn't trying to kill cops but
I'm gonna bring back those things but
the reason I bring that up is the one
that really stuck out at me is they
mentioned that in his in the driveway
was a black SUV in a gold Cadillac why
bring that up why give that to the press
seems like uh yeah but where did he get
the money for those kind of cars why was
that in his driveway well you already
killed a guy you don't need to rub it in
so ok let's say now let's take the cops
best-case scenario and say they really
were chasing a guy and this is possible
and and it was him and they got and he
did break the neighbors window for
whatever reason and then he jumped into
his own backyard and then they decided
to fire 20 shots at him and kill him
ok in even in that best-case scenario
this is a terrible shooting and totally
unjustified see what we're asking you to
do is to value the life of the citizens
so when you're not sure that it's a gun
you're not remotely close to sure that
it's a gun and you're chasing someone
over a broken wing
no your first instinct should not be
let's murder him okay you don't like to
use the word murder but let's not kill
him execute him whatever word you'd like
to know and use but he's dead because
you were worried about his iPhone
because he had broken a window so you
took his life
if you can't see why people are upset
about that then you're you're not trying
very hard because you don't really care
about the citizens you think I don't
care man he could have been what they
call it a toolbar what was he gonna do
with a toolbar what was he gonna throw
at you and you might have gotten your
pinkie hurt or God it might have hit
your leg and it might have given you a
charley horse a toolbar you executed
someone because you thought he might
have had a toolbar yeah and you you had
I mean look Larry crasner recently got
in a lot of trouble because he wanted
the Philadelphia Police to not shoot
center mass and shoot to kill
they fired 20 shots if they shot him in
the leg 20 times he would have died like
so they could have tried to if they
thought he had a hand weapon they could
have tried in capacity I mean the
problem is that as you point out like
the the the initiating crime is broken
windows but they go into the situation
thinking this is a life or death
situation because of the sort of person
they think it's going to be in the
situation it's going to be in and when
they rush into that back yard and they
think they see a gun so they fire 20
shots I can't help but think of the
tests that show that in simulations
they're quicker to pull the trigger when
the person the flashes on the screen
during these tests is black rather than
white and they're more likely to make a
mistake that a person who is unarmed
they think has a weapon when it's a
bagel or something when the person in
the simulation is black rather than
white that sort of thing is not just
some academic thing that elites like to
do and it's hey it's fun we did this
test in a university it plays out in the
real world when people rush into
someone's backyard and it's dark and
they think they see a weapon but they
really don't those sorts of biases they
result in people dying that didn't need
to die and one other thing I wanna say
while apparently it's true that he had a
caddy
in his driveway it's also true that he
had two sons he was a stay-at-home
father they were one in three years old
and according to his family he had a
fondness for sneakers football and video
games all of those things are true about
his past too
those things just might not have been on
the cops mind at the particular time so
we just did a story yesterday about a
huge study that shows that black and
white men from the same socioeconomic
background when they start out as kids
in the same financial background black
boys grow up to be black men in a worse
economic situation part of the reason is
they get incarcerated at a far greater
rate and so are their assumptions that
cops are making about how dangerous
black guys are I mean again you have to
be purposely blind not to see it
it happens in case after case not only
do you have overwhelming anecdotal
evidences the cases that we cover in all
the stories but you have statistics to
back it up endless statistics to back it
up and yet people go nope nope nope I
mean and and by the way two bars in the
police report it I assume they were
referring to a crow bar but but you've
got people going I mean you got a black
guy was maybe an iPhone and maybe a crow
bar
well of course you have to kill him I
mean he's black and they might say no I
don't know if it was a white guy in his
sitting in his backyard with a toolbar
as they described it really you're gonna
go kill every white guy using tools in
his backyard even if there was some in
the area and they saw a helicopter spots
a white guy with tools in his backyard
let's go shoot him 20 times really that
you think that's what's happening in
America I look I can't help you if
that's what you think the reality is
African Americans are enraged it should
be enraged about how police enlarge not
in every place not in every cop but
overall in America how they are treated
and you got now one year old and a three
year old without a dad because the cops
are trained to fear black males and and
be so afraid that they shoot no matter
almost no matter what ah it might or
might not be a tool so let's execute him
just in case
that's a sick
system not based on justice but steeped
in injustice if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash join
get the whole Yonkers show every day
