the people of Pennsylvania have
effectively had their political
representation stolen from them for the
last handful of elections thanks to a
particularly insanely gerrymandered map
in that state now in the past
Republicans have consistently won 13 out
of 18 House seats despite getting half
of the votes on that great at math but
13 out of 18 is not about half it's not
even close after the court's ruling
which the Pennsylvania Supreme Court
ruled on this gerrymandered map after a
challenge
the map was redrawn by a nonpartisan
expert and that created four swing
districts eight the favor the
Republicans six to favor the Democrats
still a slight lean in favor of the
Republicans but that's not good enough
when you've been getting 13 out of 18
and so the Republicans have been
challenging that new map which is set to
go into effect later on this year in the
midterm so they didn't want that to
happen so they challenged it and the
Pennsylvania Supreme Court said thank
you but no we're gonna leave this map in
place and so what are they gonna do
they're gonna take out the judges
representative chris - has introduced
resolutions to impeach justices
Daugherty Donahue McCluskey Todd Wecht
and they're also going to be going for
justice max baer accusing them of
misbehavior in office because if the
judges rule against you you get rid of
the Supreme Court effectively okay so
two parts of this one is that this is
what dictators do you're worried that
someone is going to get into government
using democracy and then once they are
in power they go wow thanks for playing
just kidding we're not gonna have
democracy anymore by the way
you know there's countries like Russia
and some what are you Turkey where
people got into power authoritative
leaders got into power and they were
like oh that was cute with the way you
did with democracy we're done with that
so Putin ends local governments in the
beginning and slowly entrenches more and
more power and then he makes it
basically anyone who's running against
them he puts in prison our Diwan in
Turkey oh this is the Prime Minister
have all the power well I'd like to be
President so I'm gonna change the
Constitution completely so the president
has all the power and part
it has almost no power oh well there
goes your democracy sad day for you
right
and so these right-wing authoritarian
dictator wannabes in Pennsylvania come
in and go well I didn't like that the
state was 50/50 so I drew the map in a
way that I was gonna get 13 out of 18
who gives a damn about your stupid
democracy and that vote one man one vote
I never cared and the judges go well
that's unconstitutional and so our role
in a democracy to make that decision oh
well then I'm going to destroy your
careers I'm going to throw you out and
I'm gonna go back to the system where
I'm in charge even though I don't
deserve it because you made the mistake
of electing a Republican yeah so once
we're in power we're gonna use every
dirty trick in the book to maintain that
power and we don't give a damn about
your Constitution we don't give a damn
about your democracy beware of ever ever
voting for a Republican cuz the minute
that you do they go thanks a lot for
that democracy idiot we told you we're
Thorat Aryan by Nature and this is an
amazing case of it they don't believe in
our system of government when the court
says and the Supreme Court rejected the
Republican appeal they said the deeply
right-wing Supreme Court rejected the
appeal and said yes is a state matter
the state court gets to the side and
they go Pennsylvania Constitution yeah
tomorrow Z who cares I am in charge
right now you made a mistake you put me
in charge I'm gonna destroy your
democracy in Pennsylvania that's what
they're trying to do here you should
punish them every one of those
Republicans that tries to get rid of
these judges should be thrown out of
office then why don't you look I'm not
telling you not to be conservative there
are liberals they're conservatives we're
not going to change everybody's mind
overnight but can you vote for people
who are not this deeply antithetical to
our system of government and this deeply
corrupt because if you do the next time
your vote it might be the last yeah yeah
I know some people think that fears of
what's happening with our democracy
could be overblown or
ever that can be manipulated but there
is a significant portion of this country
that is openly defiant against democracy
doesn't think it's actually the system
we should have recent polls have put it
somewhere between 20 and 25 percent of
Trump voters say democracy maybe it's
good maybe it's not maybe something
could actually be better and I don't
think that number is going down I think
that we do have to be concerned about
this I don't know why as a country we
don't take our elections our election
security and our voting rights more
seriously it's like it's like the 75th
issue if at all that gets discussed
certainly that gets anything done about
it but we need to prioritize that we
need to prioritize whether we actually
can vote whether we're being blocked
from that either by law or by access
that they take all the polling places
out of your area because hey you live in
a poor area to screw you or whether they
make it so that you can't vote because
you got to work three jobs and for some
reason we have a million holidays in
this country but we don't have a holiday
for democracy for some reason we have to
be worried about the fact that our what
our vote actually will be could be
manipulated in a variety of different
ways and we certainly need to worry
about whether our vote will actually
count for something because you can get
through those first two hurdles but if
you live in an insanely gerrymandered
district your vote functionally doesn't
matter you don't actually have the
ability to translate the will of the
voters in your area into actual
government policy but we don't
prioritize those things we don't do
anything about those things so
impeachment is supposed to be for it
generally speaking high crimes and
misdemeanors the last time Pennsylvania
impeach the justice was back in 1994 and
that's because he's found guilty of a
phenol felony now the Republicans are
saying I don't care about your stinking
laws I don't care that impeachment is
for crimes they made the crime of
disagreeing with a Republican so we're
gonna end their careers anyway and we're
gonna put in our sham justices who are
gonna rule our way any no matter what
and we have an uneven playing field in
America is are the Democrats corrupted
yes the whole system is corrupt they
allow for private financing they all
serve their donors I know that but the
Republicans are paid to be viciously
right-wing by those donors who want
endless tax cuts and the Democrats are
paid to lose so what that creates is an
uneven playing field where Republicans
grab power by any means necessary and
the Democrats will never fight back
because that's what they're paid to do
they're supposed to Dairy Dairy pain to
lay down so you have a situation quote a
Democratic assembly or Senate in the
state level ever considering firing
every Republican judge impeaching every
Republican judge even though they have
no grounds for it at all just brazen
political act I'm gonna destroy
democracy I don't give it here I'm gonna
take you know I'm gonna light your
Constitution on fire there's you know it
you know if you're a Republican you'll
agree with me because you'll say of
course the Democrats are too weak they
would never do that right and in the
rare cases that they are for
gerrymandering by the way in states like
Maryland we're dead set against that we
fight the Democrats who want a
gerrymander Maryland or any other state
okay
but overall the Democrats students
almost none of this stuff especially not
anything this egregious and the
Republicans think you mistook my
intentions my intention is not to be
your representative it is to be your
ruler and I will do it by any means
necessary and this is what this is what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
