Donald Trump is furious about a leak
having to do with this call with
Vladimir Putin Trump was reportedly
fuming on Tuesday night after the
Washington Post reported that Trump's
national security advisors specifically
instructed him not to congratulate Putin
on his electoral victory they were
settled to be fair they put in all caps
do not congratulate and so that was
leaked and what's interesting about that
is that apparently there's a very narrow
circle of people who might have leaked
it those documents are not widely
distributed apparently it might actually
have been a crime to leak those
particular documents but it's out there
now and he's not happy about it he's not
happy about the pack fact that he might
have done a bad thing he's just mad that
they found out about it and specifically
that he was instructed not to
congratulate him in I would say sort of
childish terms yeah and so I have
perhaps a unique take on this first of
all I don't think they should a week did
I I'm uncomfortable with the national
security leaks so it's one thing that
when they're doing internal White House
drama and Ivanka's leaking against John
Kelly and John Kelly's leaking it
against Jared Kushner I don't care
that's all fun and games and and they're
giving dirt about each other well though
that dirt is true it's amusing it's
dangerous for the country I understand
all that but you should always think
what if the shoe is on the other foot so
would if Bernie Sanders was president
would you like people in the national
security team leaking memos to him so
yeah so that that's unacceptable and
they they got to stop doing that now on
the other hand now that we know is it
embarrassing that they have to bolt
things for our president hey third
grader this is involved like your tweets
do not congratulate that is not the
official American position and and
there's two reasons for that one he's
stupid and they know he's stupid and
they know he's a child number two they
know that he's in the back pocket of
Putin and he's going to congratulate him
they're like do not set American policy
the portland government agrees right and
he's like oh yeah yeah I'll take that
under advisement but do you have tapes
on me did I do money-laundering with you
knew Oh congratulations bottom here what
a wonderful election you had I can't
believe you got 137 percent of the vote
I think that is a great idea I stole
that tweet from John also I it's amazing
at this stuff that you you you think
about you see it it's news and then you
forget about it like a week ago like it
wasn't just like a week maybe two weeks
ago where he was talking about how it
was a Jin ping that had set himself up
as president for life huh maybe we
should look into that
I mean maybe it's just that he likes the
idea that people are calling the shots
in their own elections maybe it's sort
of a general thing like that like if you
can effectively make the elections just
like a rubber stamp on your presidency
that's certainly convenient well and
maybe set up like you know an heir later
on like a son not Eric
but maybe one of the other ones maybe
Ivanka so there's two layers to this one
of course he was gonna congratulate
Putin because that's all he's ever done
this he's the one guy that that Trump
acts with kids gloves towards but the
second layer to it is you're absolutely
right John he loves authoritarian
leaders do toward a great Chinese leader
oh you get to be president for life oh I
like that just get in kind of but not
really
I was kidding when I said I liked how
doTERRA taste killing turbulence and
then I wasn't kidding and I made an
official policy of my administration so
and does he like how Vladimir rules with
an iron fist and everyone must be loyal
to him
yeah I mean he insists on loyalty over
and over he doesn't uneven understand
our form of government he was genuinely
confused why the FBI director would not
pledge his loyalty to him instead of the
Constitution he doesn't believe in
democracy doesn't believe in the
Constitution he thinks I'm the president
so you should be loyal to me and we
should end this stupid thing called
elections and the law rule of law why do
we have prosecutors investigating the
president I'm already the president can
I do whatever I want no that's not how a
democracy works and and you kind of hate
that and it's obvious and that's why
he's got all those Republican betas
the the right all right and the right
wing they they love being cooked by him
and so they're like oh my god it is for
native leader and we lose our democracy
and all free choice I didn't want choice
anyway I I pledge loyalty to you Donald
Trump and everything you ever do because
that's in their nature they have a large
amygdala they're afraid of everything
and so on a so-called strong leader or
an alpha comes by but they can't wait to
be betas and so that's the situation we
have here the only thing I'm a little
surprised with is that they're not a
little bothered that Trump is a beta to
Putin's alpha except for the fact that
now in the art right and lo out of the
right wing you're starting to see like
this reverence for Putin the strongest
of the strong leaders these guys who
used to tell us they attack Russia all
the time now they're like all their more
authoritative and more dictatorial well
I love that that means I don't have to
think for myself anymore I give you
everything I have you do whatever you
want with it maybe it's just like a
personal thing like they they used to
want to have a beer with Georgia Bush
now they want a president they can be a
cook with it's just like alright ok if
you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
