first we started in West Virginia of all
places look I don't know if you guys
remember I'm sure you're doing but I
said that in 2020 if we have a really
progressive candidate we will in 42
states including Kentucky and I said
that I believe that in in in the middle
of the country they're rightfully angry
but the only option they've been given
is a populist right-wing option and if
you give them a populist left-wing
option they will take it and so I love
that it's the movement in a sense
started in West Virginia and the
teachers did a strike and it worked and
they got a small pay increase when they
weren't gonna get one this is an issue
that affects teachers throughout the
country and now it is spread to Kentucky
now the street they have not they're
doing rallies right now and they are
contemplating a strike so let me tell
you all about it the rally this is the
courier-journal yeah obviously in the
city of Kentucky the rally came as
educators across the state continue to
express frustration with the current
pension reform bill Senate bill 170
Cintiq to protest in person and some
have indicated they would be willing to
go on strike if lawmakers don't make
changes so actually let me give you one
more explanation of what this is and
then I'm going to go to the videos of
the governor Senate bill 1 would reduce
the annual cost-of-living increases in
teacher benefits from 1.5 percent to 1
percent it would also end traditional
defined benefits plans for future
teachers putting them into a hybrid plan
that is features both a traditional
pension and a 401k like savings plan so
what are they doing they're reducing the
pensions you're getting and they're
making it less reliable now teacher
salaries are flatlining and in fact
going down as I'll show you in a little
bit their health care costs are going up
that's one of the issues that was a big
one in West Virginia it's also a big one
in Kentucky but now the legislators are
thinking of taking a hatchet to their
pensions so how much can teachers take
well that wasn't enough
governor Bevin who is a deep right
winger crazy right winger
I decided up so what I'll go in the
Trump mode here and I'll just add insult
to injury and I'll say that the teachers
are basically bums so listen to what he
had to say it's the most I it's just
bizarre to me I really I can't even
imagine could you imagine if during
World War two the people said hey okay
we have to people have to stop using
butter or we're gonna stop using sugar
but we're gonna have to turn in all of
your extra steel or copper we've gotta
help our troops we got to save our
nation this would be like people
protesting that there would be like
people having mass demonstrations about
how no I want my butter
I want my sugar I'm gonna keep all my
steel and my rubber and my copper in the
heck with the rest of you people but you
better keep giving me mine that's what
it is it's the most remarkable
commentary on who we are in modern times
a psychological game of survival it's
not even survival it's about just
straight-up wanting more than your fair
share more than their fair share again
I'm gonna show you what they actually
make in a second and teachers are not
bankers they're not they didn't get any
bailouts they're not millionaires or
billionaires saying can you not butcher
my pension is not somehow hoarding the
goods isn't it amazing that these right
wingers like Bevin pretend to be
populist pretend to be for the average
man but what do they do they do giant
tax cuts for corporations and the
richest of the rich and then they turn
around and say oh the poor the teachers
are hoarding the money unreal but he's
not done yet
more from Governor Bevin here here's
another thing to you hear constantly
about how underpaid people are the
average teacher in Kentucky makes more
money than the average teacher in
Tennessee makes more money than the
average teacher in Virginia makes more
money than the average teacher in West
Virginia the main reality is this is a
group of people that are throwing a
temper tantrum and that to me is
remarkably selfish and short-sighted but
we're gonna try to stay people in spite
of themselves I don't they're this
doesn't seem to be any willingness to
meet in the middle on the part of
certain people in that in our
legislators
need to be they need to do the job
whether the people wanted to do it or
not it's as simple as that how do you
change the minds I mean what what do you
do you don't there's an old there's an
old saying that you can't you can't win
an argument
you can't win an argument with an
ignorant person it's too bad again how
do you how do you change their mind I'm
not sure if you can there's nothing
there's none so blind as those that will
not be wow he just called teachers
ignorant he the corporate donors that he
takes money from and gives all those
sweetheart deals to they're not selfish
when they give money to him to get a
return on investment they're not selfish
when they do crony capitalism in the
state of Kentucky they're not selfish
but the teachers are selfish he said
they are throwing a temper tantrum you
remember when the Republican owners on
the national level said to the and they
bragged about it they sent it to the
press
they said if the Republicans don't
deliver us the tax cuts that we paid for
we're not going to give them any more
money but that was not a temper tantrum
but the teachers in Kentucky apparently
are ignorant and make too much money and
they're the selfish ones the rallies the
least of it I abyssion all these
teachers that are getting screwed all
across the country you should go on
strike
absolutely look I got kids in public
schools I do I want them their education
being interrupted no but I also want our
government and we're supposed to live in
a democracy so it's partly my government
to be fair to you that's not too much to
ask for
so the chant of the rally was a pension
is a promise and that's exactly right
that's exactly what it is
Chris Brady Jefferson County school
board member said you should be paid
what you were promised you didn't skip a
payment the government did so they tell
you to play by the rules you do and then
at the end they go ha ha just kidding
we didn't mean it we're gonna skip the
payments we're not gonna pay you one
sign said Bevin
don't make us go West Virginia on you
and I love that that's a phrase now okay
so getting all this blowback all of a
sudden and a video posted to a social
media accounts on Saturday Bevin said
that he has tremendous respect for
teachers and called on Kentucky
residents to support pension reform all
of a sudden he's got tremendous respect
for teachers you see that if you use
your political power especially if you
use your vote they will have to listen
to you right now all Bevin cares about
is his donors he never listens to you
guys and he was so dismissive like what
do I need voters for I already have all
the donors I got all the rich people on
my side I'll just spit on the teachers
I'll call them ignorant and selfish
right come to find out hoe if enough
voters are against you you might
actually lose there is a wave coming and
I cannot wait for it to wash out people
like Bevin who've been milking off the
people of Kentucky and lying to them and
taking advantage of them year after year
after year here's it now it is a
countrywide issue here's a teacher in
Alaska Melissa touring the press she
said found some check stubs remember
those from 2003 I'm bringing home 48
dollars less per paycheck than today
that is due to increased health
increases and no wage increases now you
might say hey that's an anecdote that's
fair enough so let's look at the overall
numbers and see if that teacher from
Alaska and the teachers in West Virginia
and Kentucky are correct well here's a
chart showing you teacher salaries is
the average salary of American public
school teacher over the years and you
can see that it has gone down and I
would argue gone down dramatically
you're making sixty-three thousand seven
hundred seventy seven dollars back in
2003 that was 15 years ago
and now they're down to 61 thousand six
hundred and seventy five dollars they
have lost about two thousand dollars in
wages on average over 15 years meanwhile
health care way prices continue to go up
pension
continue to get cut so vox explains in
fact compared to ten years ago teachers
are on average contributing nearly
$1,500 more per year towards premiums
adjusted for inflation it ends up
costing teachers significantly more than
other state and local government
employees and so they get hit the
hardest so they have actually been the
least selfish and why
partly because Republican governors
don't like teachers because they have
unions they don't like teachers because
they have facts and educate people
republicans fight against all things
that bring your facts i'm not this is
not hyperbole you've seen it happen for
decades your whole life you've seen it
happen who do they attack scientists
teachers the media all things that bring
you facts so of course they chop away at
the teachers every chance they get and
there's not there's almost no rich
teachers who are donors to republicans
or even democrats so the unions might
give some to democrats the republicans
hate that even more so whenever they can
they chop away at the teachers and then
health care prices continue to skyrocket
they're not immune from that they're
living the same society that we all do
so they're getting battered on all sides
one more explanation here from alvin
chang who wrote for vox 10 years ago
teachers used to contribute about 35%
towards the premium cost for a family
plan now it's about 38%
that's a nine percent increase which can
amount to upward of a thousand dollars a
year so as their wages go down their
healthcare costs go up by thousands of
dollars and now in kentucky they say
that we're gonna make your pension less
reliable and give you less money for
your pension and and whereas you did
everything we asked you to do so now
there are possible teacher strikes in
kentucky Arizona and Oklahoma after the
one in West Virginia and the reason that
the people in power hate strikes is
because they work it hits them where it
counts which is their pocketbook and so
it starts with the public sector
sometimes and it's then spread
to the private sector and this is what
happens when you crushed your workers
for decades and decades and the wages
have flatlined at some point they
realize they've been screwed and they
get together and either they do
collective bargaining through unions or
they do strikes or both and they say
finally we're gonna fight back
so another tipping point in the country
and in my opinion more great news in the
fight back
to actually represent American citizens
and I want to thank the teachers for
leading the way you just watch the video
by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
