I'm Jay huger and I'm a progressive over
the last few years people have said a
lot of bad things about progressives in
articles and videos where they talk to
you like you're a baby and show you
cartoons they have weird opinions if you
ask me like we want to control your
lives I have enough problems controlling
my own life I don't need to worry about
yours have you want to know what
progressives believe why don't you ask
them
all right I'm right here I want to state
clearly what progressives are and what
progressive values are the term comes
from the Progressive Era from the late
1800s to the 1920s progresses back then
fought corporate greed and political
corruption love it
they were trust busters they set up
labor unions and workplace standards
health and safety codes they literally
saved lives and they believed in
progressive values which if you think
about it have been around for centuries
and are at the heart of every major
breakthrough in the history of society
I think progressive values boil down to
two main things one I call expanding the
circle of liberty the second is equality
of opportunity now what's expanding the
circle of Liberty okay well let's go all
the way back 800 years ago in England
the King had all the power but then the
Magna Carta created a constitutional
monarchy which gave some power to people
who weren't the King circle of Liberty
gets a little bigger that's progressive
the American Revolution founding fathers
gained independence freedom Bill of
Rights circle gets bigger huge
progressives now at the same time they
own slaves which was a terrible disgrace
but they said we should try to keep
perfecting the Union and we did the
American Civil War ended the slavery
with the 13th amendment progressive
sorry Kayne but that's a good thing
Circle gets bigger everybody wins now
flash forward women's suffrage gay
rights it's all progressive more people
in this circle of Liberty we should all
be in favor of that and the fight goes
on every day even now especially now to
make sure everyone gets in that circle
that's what we do at the Young Turks we
also believe in equality of opportunity
the other side loves to say that we're
about equality of outcome like we're
handing out Bentley's over here we're
not doing that right because I don't
have one we just want everyone to get
the same shot
is someone who is born into a position
of privilege because you're a human
being and you deserve that opportunity
if you don't believe an opportunity you
don't really believe in America what
does that look like in action
well how about access to education this
is extremely important to me I hope it
is to you too my father was born a poor
farmer in southeastern Turkey but they
had a system where if you scored well on
a test you got a free college education
he got that score went to school and it
allowed him to come to America so we
could pursue the American dream if they
can pull off free college in Turkey we
should be able to do it here in America
if my dad didn't have that opportunity
I'd still be an olive farmer wait a
minute I know what some of you are
thinking stop it
you should also be safe the idea of a
fire department is progressive and a
functional Police Department that makes
sure it looks out for all of our safety
no matter who you are or what you look
like that's progressive you don't have
opportunity if you're dead Affordable
Health Care every developed country in
the world besides us believes in this if
you're dead once again no opportunity
everyone should have a fair chance at
life that's at the heart of what it
means to be a progressive if every other
developed nation can do it can we do it
Oh God
from now till the end of the year as
part of our membership drive we're
making a video week about how
progressive values apply to issues like
wages immigration and criminal justice
send all these videos to your
conservative friends and family members
and who knows maybe it'll rub off on
them or at the very least they'll know
what we mean when we say we're
progressive and become a member at TYT
dot-com /join as we fight for
progressive values like those before us
from Lincoln to susan b anthony to Clara
Barton to Martin Luther King to Harvey
Milk and yes to some degree to TYT and
you so go to TYT dot-com sighs join and
become a member and you'll always have a
home at TYT the home will progresses two
easy ways Folio interests want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
