so Emma Gonzalez has been very outspoken
and so is David hog they are to the
survivors in the Florida shooting and in
Leslie Gibson who was running to
represent district 57 in central Maine
decided that he was gonna lash out at
them a little while back he called hog
moron and a bald-faced liar and not a
particularly classy move to do when he
survived a school shooting and saw his
friends getting massacred and then he
called Emma Gonzalez a skinhead lesbian
he got a lot of blowback for that which
I have to admit I was a little surprised
by I'm a little surprised by the
conclusion I'm about to tell you because
I've gotten used to the barbarity within
the Republican Party and of course he's
a Republican so I was surprised that
there was even any pushback but there
was he was running at the time with no
but with nobody else in the race no
Democrat to oppose him and no Republican
in the primary but by Friday at least
one Democrat Erin Gilchrist and one
Republican Thomas Martin jr. had entered
the race and mr. Gibson had withdrawn
Wow well I guess ladies and gentlemen we
got him those Gibson so when we cover
the story of Gibson in the beginning you
know he had already started to backpedal
and say well I didn't mean it but was
obvious from all of his tweets and
apologies that he and in his previous
statements that in fact he did mean it
and and when Gilchrist entered the race
we covered it one more time and I said I
actually think she has an excellent
chance of winning and and it turns out
now she's the lone Democrat in the race
and the leader in the race has withdrawn
so yes she stands a perfectly good
chance of winning but the Republican in
the race is the equally adamant Martin
saying the comments of Gibson gave the
state of black eye and then going on to
say they weren't the true feelings of
the state or the Republican Party or any
party I have to believe but I don't
believe that that's why I have to
confess that I am surprised by this turn
of events
I'm surprised you withdrew because
their leader the president says things
like this all the time is I mean this is
a probably it would be the 13th most
controversial thing he said in a week so
they tolerate everything he says other
Republicans all across the country
saying terrible things all the time they
ran a child molester down in Alabama and
proudly so in the Republican National
Committee supported them so these
insults
I guess I've become in your to them and
and used to that men I guess we
shouldn't be used to them and I guess
I'm gonna give credit to the Maine
Republicans who drove them out and and
obviously the Gilchrist as well and
Democrats who were also furious about it
are their moderate Republicans left in
the country I'm a bit shell-shocked by
that news but I suppose there are enough
that that Leslie Gibson had to resign
from the race for insulting these
shooting victims I know we're living a
crazy time where I'm significantly
surprised that attacking young students
who were the victims in a massacre in
their school is something that gets you
eliminated from American politics should
it of course of course it should but the
fact that it actually did in the
Republican Party is I guess good news so
credit to everybody in Maine who fought
back and made sure that this guy is not
a representative of any citizen of Maine
low and behold good news indeed
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks o every day
