one was that you had said that Donald
Trump lost me and that kind of implies
that Donald Trump ever had me in the
first place
like I was famously called the undecided
voter or America's undecided voter and
that wasn't because I liked both Donald
Trump and Hillary Clinton as because I
wasn't really that enamored with them
with either of them I wanted to hear
what they had to say I've never been a
big Hillary Clinton fan I was more of a
Bernie Sanders guy myself and you know
it's obvious to everyone who has two
eyes that Donald Trump was not a moral
person so I don't know buddy well I
don't say nobody but not many people
that I knew were very excited to jump on
me the Trump train and the other was
when we were talking earlier you were
talking about the Trayvon Martin case
and there was a quote of mine from
reddit it was taken a bit out of context
where I had said that Trayvon Martin's
murder was justified and that I think a
lot of people took that to understand
that I think it was okay and that's what
I really want to set the record straight
on is it was not okay my wish Trayvon
Martin was still alive but it's a
terrible tragedy that he was killed and
justified was probably a dumb word to
use for it but it was a throwaway
internet comment you know it wasn't a
press release I all I meant by that was
that it wasn't technically illegal and
if you know the law problem to Stand
Your Ground law has caused a lot of
trouble down in Florida and if they want
to look at changing it that it probably
be for the best it's actually caused the
homicide rate to increase but that's all
I meant by this it was not illegal at
the time
