unfortunately what they got was this
really damning report that called what
they found a community in disarray so
this was the beginning of the sort of
national wake-up that like maybe there
was something wrong in forensic science
so then in 2013 you had the NC FS which
was this council that you were talking
about and it was a really you know it
was a really interdisciplinary body of
scientists forensic experts defense
attorneys prosecutors everyone who was
sort of involved it didn't have a lot of
teeth it only met a few times a year and
gave recommendations to the DOJ which
the DOJ for the most part did not adopt
but it was sort of a step in the right
direction
Trump was elected Jeff Sessions became
head of the DOJ and he allowed this the
NC FS to expire they just sort of didn't
renew it and basically they moved all of
the forensic reform efforts under the
aegis of the DOJ so this sort of
interdisciplinary working groups of
people thinking through this together
all suddenly now all of this work is
under the control of the DOJ so the
people that are in charge of prosecuting
or the people that you know sit on one
side of the case are now the ones making
recommendations or deciding what is
science and what isn't rather than a
scientists and as we said before you
know why are they I don't know that
they're necessarily you know killing it
or that they are necessarily trying to
stop all of the forward movement in this
area but they're certainly moving very
slowly and very cautiously and they have
a lot to protect and they're perhaps not
the people that should be doing this
work
