recently Hillary Clinton was speaking in
India and she made some comments that
conservatives are still crying over so I
wanted to analyze it for you guys and
see if it makes sense to have said these
things or are the Democrats right in
backpedaling as usual well we got a poll
for you at the end too let's first find
out what she said a little bit earlier
in March she had said if you look at the
map of the United States there's all
that red in the middle where Trump won I
win the coast I win you know Illinois me
and Minnesota places like that but what
the map doesn't show you is that I won
the places that represent two-thirds of
America's gross domestic product so I'm
one of the places that are optimistic
diverse dynamic moving forward so a
couple of different ways that you could
take that one is that I won the rich
areas he won the poor areas and that you
could understand why people would be
upset about that both if your
conservative voted for Trump or anyone
who voted for Trump and you feel like
that's dividing you as as not as rich as
Hillary Clinton supporters on the other
hand you could take it as well look some
places are stuck in in the old ways and
that's why they'd like to go back to
1955 and quote-unquote make America
great again so let's see if there's more
important context here here's a piece of
the tape the audio of of Hillary Clinton
speaking about this let's listen I won
the places that our optimistic diverse
dynamic moving forward and his whole
campaign make America great again was
looking backwards you know you didn't
like black people getting rights you
don't like women you know getting jobs
you don't want it you know see that
Indian Americans succeeding more than
you are whatever your problem is I'm
gonna solve it so some people say how
dare you insult voters of Trump like
this and others say that that kind of
makes sense that is partly what they
said so I I read a what I view to be a
funny Washington Post article about how
well I mean you cannot say that about
Republican voters that they are looking
backward
that they didn't like black people
getting rights and women getting jobs
that is unfair and if she's speaking to
Indians there and saying Indian America
is succeeding more than you
but first let's break that down real
quick Steve Bannon on a radio show with
Donald Trump as guest by the way
complain about how Indian Americans were
getting the CEO jobs in Silicon Valley
that he thought white people should have
been getting and even Trump thought that
was a bridge too far he said they're
successful so what's the problem
and he said they don't share our culture
so that's a fact what Hillary Clinton
said about what Republicans especially
the top advisor the president ran his
campaign not now of course no longer
with the White House but was a chief
strategist at the White House for a long
time as well Steve Bennett said it's a
quote it's literal okay and then are we
really splitting hairs about whether
Republicans don't want blacks have any
rights or they just would like to have
them have less rights like for example
less rights to vote they're just ripping
away some of the extra days of voting in
specifically only in Atlanta in Georgia
oh gee I wonder why I mean I can go on
and on give you dozens maybe hundreds of
examples
it's the party that ran on the Southern
Strategy the whole point was let's go
and appeal to what we perceive to be
aggrieved white racists in the south and
and stoke those grievances that's what
the party ran on two different heads of
the RNC have apologized for the Southern
Strategy it is real they did it so if
you're saying that Hillary Clinton is
exaggerating a little bit at this point
about Trump voters I'd say only a little
bit if she is at all now it's not to say
that all Trump voters were that way no
and and I think the most accurate thing
that Hillary Clinton has ever said is
the one she's most criticized for which
is about half of trumps voters were the
deplorable --zz who do believe in those
things they do they do they do and the
reason they like Trump rather than the
sixteen other Republicans in the race
was because those other Republicans use
dog whistles and Trump use a human
whistle he said I don't care I'm just
gonna tell you I'm gonna say the Muslims
are the problem Latinos are criminals
and rapists
and black people are more prone to crime
hee-hee stoked all that rage and fear
and anger so now to pretend to be upset
at Hillary Clinton for pointing out
things that are actually true at least
about half his voters as she did say
have in those famous comments about the
deplorable I think is a lot of crying
over nothing
so Washington Post also says she does
seem to suggest that Trump subsisted on
voters who were simply well less
sophisticated or advanced now this I
have mixed feelings about in some ways
it is again empirical people with
graduate degrees voted for the Democrat
in the race in overwhelming percentages
people with highs only high school
education or less voted far more for
Donald Trump it's a fact that's true if
you don't like that fact I guess you go
cry in a different corner but it is a
fact now the part that I'm a little
bothered by there is the Hillary Clinton
establishment way of thinking that well
if if I if you're truly sophisticated
you would understand that the
establishment has your best interests in
mind and I don't agree to that and so
the other half of the Trump voters who
wanted to throw a brick through the
establishment window I have some degree
of sympathy for I don't think they did
it in the right way I counseled heavily
against it and especially with this
monster Donald Trump but they have
legitimate grievances those are not just
about blaming minorities or other groups
of Americans those are about hey my
wages have been stagnant for 40 years
now the establishment keeps telling me
everything's gonna be alright well maybe
it's all right for them but not for us
so it depends on which half of the Trump
voters you're talking about
okay now that they went on a quote and a
poll that was done earlier and and I
want to give you guys a little bit of
context into this - so this is Erin
Blake writing in The Washington Post
Washington post/abc News poll after her
deplorable z' comment found that more
than two-thirds of americans felt it was
unfair to describe a large portion of
Trump supporters as prejudiced against
women and minorities even 47% of
Democrats said it wasn't fair well I
have two things to say about that one
did
and we run a poll of Washington post/abc
News poll about the thousands millions
of insults the Conservatives both on air
and and politicians have said about
liberals liberals are this and liberals
of that in fact I'm gonna give you
examples in a minute so hold for that
but did they ever run a poll on that
he's a terrible to insult liberal
Americans know they've been doing it for
decade after decade nobody even bothered
to write them and ask a poll about it
because they think well that's normal
cuz serves get to bash liberals heads in
and if you ever say to me about
conservatives they turn into the most
special snowflakes you've ever seen and
they cry and they cry endlessly how can
you say that about conservative voters
you guys are the pricks who ran on the
Southern Strategy to this day you want
to do disenfranchisement of African
Americans you're sent in Ben Carson to
destroy the housing and urban
development and then he has the audacity
to talk about how there's something
wrong with the culture of those people
come on and it's not just ben Carson
it's Donald Trump it's almost all of
your candidates to deny that it's the
deny reality and and the second half of
what I'm set up with that poll about is
Democrats come and pick yourself up man
it's an uneven playing field you tell a
Republican are you upset that somebody
criticizes liberals and they go oh no
way man hit him harder right you ask
Democrats hey is it unfair to criticize
Trump boaters they're like Oh golly
oh man oh yeah that seems a little
unfair I know we shouldn't do that maybe
we should give him a hug maybe and maybe
sometimes you ought to take out a
whooping stick so I mean they're
criticizing Clinton on perhaps the only
thing she's ever done right okay anyway
they say Clinton also jabbed a white
women voters saying some caved on quote
to ongoing pressure to vote the way that
your husband your boss your son whoever
believes you should look I don't want to
take away agency from Republican female
voters and and I understand why they
would be upset at that or is there some
percentage of women who voted the way
that their husbands did wanted because
they are more conservative and hence
believe more in authority figures and
the house
should lead and the wife should obey
according to biblical principles you're
telling me that phenomenon does not
exist in America that the people who are
more conservative follow a tradition and
tradition is you listen to what your
husband said you're saying that that is
what more of a liberal thing no that's
inconceivable it's more of a
conservative thing is it a giant factor
I don't know but is it fair for someone
who lost the election to point that out
that some people voted that way
yes it's fair is it sour grapes yes it's
also sour grapes it can be both of those
things at once okay so what happens now
of course here we go Democrats can't
help themselves so what are they gonna
do they're gonna apologize Hillary
Clinton puts out a Facebook post saying
I understand how some what I said upset
people and can be misinterpreted I meant
no disrespect to any individual or group
and I want to look to the future as much
as anybody okay just once Democrats just
once don't back down try it see how it
feels so let me show you what
conservatives say about liberals so
here's a former baseball so-called star
John Rocker here's the shirts he's
selling has America demanded apologies
is the Washington Post and ABC News run
a poll about these shirts that say
liberals suck and liberals are pussies I
honesty any poll about it you guys see
any poll when Trump and forget rockers
when Trump bashes liberals day in and
day out when Fox News's buddies Sean
Hannity etc bachelor Bros day in and day
out are there any calls for apologies
are there any polls done about it
no it's assumed that that's what you do
here here's a fun thing that someone who
follows me on Twitter tweeted I'm sorry
I forgot the name but anyway it's just
some dudes truck but it gives you a
sense
I'll show you this not because this
truck is important I don't know whose
truck it is and it's just one person but
have you not all seen those different
signs on different cars and different
websites and different memes I mean one
after another right liberalism is a
mental disorder live towards Cox know
Flake save spaces on and on and on right
but do the Republicans ever apologize
for any of that stuff
never never never instead though dick
Durbin goes on Fox News he's the number
two Democrat in the Senate
what is Thicke Dermer gonna do this is a
look anybody want to guess ahead of time
you all know right is dictor we're gonna
roar like a lion he never has his entire
Korean never what dick turbines famous
for is for crying and apologizing for
other Democrats so cue dick durbin on
Fox News senator is that helpful to
Democrats in 2018 to have Hillary
Clinton dismissing the 60 million plus
voters who supported an elected Donald
Trump dismissed some could say even
condemned as races and misogynists no
it's not helpful at all and in fact my
friend Hillary Clinton is wrong 30% of
the people who voted for Donald Trump
had voted for President Obama why the
same people who looked for change with
President Obama thought there wasn't
enough as far as their personal lives
were concerned and they supported Donald
Trump that is a reality the Democrats
acknowledged oh sorry
more from dick Durbin Heitkamp one of
your Senate Democratic colleagues who's
running for re-election in the red state
of North Dakota said Hillary Clinton
can't go away soon enough
is she right and should Hillary Clinton
go away well I can tell you Hillary
Clinton like every American has the
right to express her point of view and
she obviously gets press coverage but we
are moving on to the next chapter in
American history we have a new
Democratic leadership and more people
aspiring to be a candidate in 2020 it'll
be a different cast characters
completely no one so let me explain so
there's two problems with that number
one I remember any of you guys saying
Hillary Clinton go away when we had a
primary in 2015-2016 I remember all of
you bowing in front of Hillary Clinton
she is the leadership must be the leader
but the minute she loses it's time for a
new face same ideas same establishment
are you pouring
but a new face hillary we're done with
you you lost we're done with you okay so
are they gonna have actual new ideas
hell no it's the same old apologies same
old establishment heidi heitkamp just
voted to deregulate the banks the same
corporate lackeys like height camp it's
all the same people they're just gonna
slap a new face on top of it part of the
get rid of the old faces meme is not
against hillary clinton it's against
bernie sanders uh we can't have gold
faces i don't remember you telling us we
can't have old faces when Hillary
Clinton was running for the 88th time
last time around you told us to bow our
heads that she was respected and had all
this experience an experience mattered
all of a sudden most popular politician
in America is Bernie Sanders and he has
a ton of experience I don't need that we
need new faces new faces same ideas
though so now do our Republicans doing
likewise here's what we went our crack
staff here at the Young Turks looked up
Breitbart calm they're selling this
barber sticker safe spaces are for
snowflakes the chief strategist for
president Donald Trump ran Breitbart now
he's not at the White House or Breitbart
anymore but this is exactly what
Breitbart has been doing all along when
Steve Bannon was running in and when
Donald Trump quotes it over and over
again and loves it is their apologies
coming from Bannon is their apologies
coming from Breitbart or from Donald
Trump of course not here's a recent
headline that they had on Breitbart
sorry crazy liberals here's proof that
surging economy's all due to POTUS Trump
Oh oh my god they said crazy livers
Hockaday insult the over 60 million
Americans that voted for Hillary Clinton
oh if you know this more Americans voted
for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump she
lost the election it's not an excuse the
point is why are you allowed to in
you're not allowed to criticize the
people who voted for Donald Trump but
the people who voted for Donald for
Hillary Clinton you could just you know
go to work on them and salt them over
and over and over again nobody's ever
gonna hold you accountable look last
thing on this is I'm gonna ask you guys
this poll question but I mean it cuz
look once she says it I'm defending it
and I think that it is largely
for all the reasons that I just stated
it is a fair question whether you should
go down this path so I'm curious what
you guys think so that's what we're
gonna ask you in a poll sure do we care
about the feelings of Trump voters I
know that sounds like a setup but here
are the two options a yes it's important
to reach out to them to get them to
change their vote that's a perfectly
legitimate answer B know they constantly
insult liberals and I couldn't care less
about their feelings so to vote TYT
Network comm / Trump voters so look I'm
tending to vote you know for both
election fraud we won't have it at the
Young Turks no look in the next campaign
should you reach out to those Trump
voters that was voted for Obama that are
in the half of the Trump voters who are
dispirited about the economic conditions
in America yes absolutely
or should you be reticent in criticizing
the other half and just guard their
snowflake fear feelings no not remotely
and I believe you can do both at the
same time if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
