here's what they didn't tell you about
the toys-r-us closings and how it ties
back to President Trump when America's
largest retail toy store announced last
week that it would close its Us
locations everyone blamed Amazon and
Walmart they told us toys worse didn't
invest in making its stores fun or
competing online and that's true but why
didn't they after all
last year Toys R Us made more than 350
million dollars but reported a loss of
29 million so where did all go to
understand then you have to go back 13
years when Toys R Us was bought by a
group of three companies buying Toys R
Us costs 6.6 billion dollars but those
three companies only put up 1.3 billion
they borrowed the rest and then they
handed those IOUs to Toys R Us in other
words they borrowed more than 5 billion
dollars to buy toys r us and then told
Toys R Us to pay off the debt the store
has been trying to do so ever since Toys
R Us has been paying 400 million dollars
every year on those debts more than it
can invest in its stores or its website
without that 400 million every year Toys
R Us would have been in the black last
year and you should know that the three
companies that set this all up were Bain
Capital Vornado Realty and the
investment firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts
otherwise known as KKR to be clear none
of this is mr. Trump's fault but when
you hear him talk about creating jobs
and keeping stores open you should know
that the people around President Trump
are very much the people making jobs and
stores go away the most famous of them
is
co-founder of Bain Capital former
Republican presidential candidate Mitt
Romney whom President Trump has recently
endorsed for Senate in Utah if poor NATO
Realty is actually a business partner
President Trump it's billionaire CEO is
Steven Roth a Trump advisor who has
teamed up for decades on real estate
deals with Trump and then there is mr.
Henry Kravitz the billionaire head of
KKR Henry Kravis isn't just a fan of
President Trump he gave a million
dollars to the Trump inauguration more
importantly President Trump wanted to
nominate the man who saddled Toys R Us
with crushing debt mr. Kravitz to serve
as America's Treasury secretary folks
it's not just Toys R Us and it's not
just Trump Republicans and Democrats
alike have rewritten the rules of our
economy so that now 40% of every
retailer that goes under is owned in
part by private equity firms like the
ones that own Toys R Us by putting the
price of losing on us we have freed up a
handful of investor billionaires to
gamble in our economy playing with our
lives in the process
at Toys R Us alone it'll mean more than
800 stores closing 33,000 jobs gone at a
company that's making money so the real
problem isn't Toys R Us the problem is
that in the new economy
we are toys
