so Jim Carrey has been busy doing
sketches he enjoys that and he's done a
lot of political ones but now people are
very upset at him and let's find out if
this is justified or not justified and
then we have an exclusive quote from Jim
Carrey for you guys on this story so he
drew a picture recently that appears to
look like Sarah Huckabee Sanders let's
show you now they're not confirming that
it's Sarah Huckabee Sanders sure looks
like her okay and Jim Carrey wrote in
that tweet next to the picture this is a
portrait of a so-called Christian whose
only purpose in life is to live for the
wicked monstrous pretty sure that that
Sarah how could be Saylor so okay so now
this is one conservatives get their
feelings hurt and then they they cry so
let's go to a no anonymous comment
through who said and this is one more
reason that I'm done with Hollywood it's
okay to be mean and hurtful as long as
this to someone you disagree with right
okay we're gonna get back to that in a
second hold that thought because
turning-point USA which is a
conservative group went on Fox News went
to Fox & Friends and Canada someone's
double down on that they are very
grieved they were very upset about this
there's absolutely no tolerance from
liberals for conservatism they say
they're completely hypocritical in every
single regard we see this time and time
again went on to say is that Christian
like whatsoever I think it is a moment
for us concern as conservatives there's
just look better take the upper hand and
to say you know what you can keep
leaving these attacks against us but
we're not responding to it with the
exact same ugliness because we have more
to offer more education better comments
we can argue with logic we don't need to
argue with ad hominem attacks all the
time okay now let me be amused by the
idea that Republicans and conservatives
don't do ad hominem attacks let's show
you a couple pictures we showed you
another story related to have people's
feelings were heard about what Hillary
Clinton said now those are again just
happened to be on a random truck but
you've seen them all over the place
a cartoon character urinating on
liberals suck on its snowflake and that
goes on and on here's John Rocker
selling t-shirts declaring that liberals
suck and that they are female genitalia
so conservatives would never do ad
hominem attacks they when we go low they
go high they do it all the time right
how many times have conservative
commentators and Sirte politicians
mocked liberals insulted liberals
derided liberals over and over and over
again and any time there's somebody
there's a sketch of someone they like oh
and all of a sudden their cry and cry
and cry
I guess they need a safe space that's
what it looks like so well let's go to
Governor Mike Huckabee of course the
father of soraka dissenters and see what
he's gonna say about it he says pathetic
bully sexist hater bigoted is he talking
about Trump and Krista Pope Oh Jim
Carrey he's talking about Jim Carrey
attacks
press secretary for her faith what would
be hypocritical Hollywood reaction if he
calls someone a so-called Muslim or a
so-called Jew hashtag classless Kerry no
but wait a minute he wasn't attacking
her based on picking on Christians he
was saying that she's not living up to
her professed Christian beliefs so if
somebody were to attack someone for not
living up to Muslim beliefs that would
be a different scenario than attacking
them for being Muslim
but with conservatives you have to speak
slowly and explain it to them
do you see the difference governor
Huckabee look in this case he's
defending his daughter so I get it but
it is hilarious to call someone a bully
in capital letters because they drew a
sketch when you support Donald Trump the
bully in chief and to call someone a
bigot and and a hater and a sexist when
you support Donald Trump come on this is
a joke I don't know why that mainstream
media takes these guys seriously at all
well you should just look at that and
laugh and laugh and laugh so Jim Carrey
gave the Young Turks a statement tonight
I want to read it to you guys as this
reaction to this so-called controversy
he said I
so gratified by the reaction to my
little drawings it is a job of a
political cartoon to vex those who abuse
power or enable those abuses this
administration has been lying to the
American people from day one while
plundering the country and debasing our
values and those who cover for this
shameful mobster of a president are
putting makeup on a melanoma and telling
the cancer patient that everything's
fine
monstrous you bet to which I say here
here by the way I don't know why all of
a sudden they decide to get upset about
this era how could be Sanders drawing if
you don't know Jim Carrey does a lot of
sketches yeah and I rather enjoy them
let's take a look at some more here
that's the baton everybody didn't get
bent out of shape over that and put a
fool over his name and that's of course
Roy Moore put danger over him
that's General John Kelly and I just
want to read that tweet for you because
it's fun all who enter is crooked
carnival with integrity are doomed to
leave without it general Kelly has been
trampled by his own compromise who dares
to be next to ride the carousel of fools
ha ha ha ok before we go to the next
ones do you understand why they pretend
to be outraged about the Sarah Huckabee
Sanders one but not about the male
drawings it's because when it given an
opportunity they love to hide behind the
idea of sexism now Republicans will tell
you that no sexism it doesn't exist it's
no the Liberals are making a big deal
out of nothing and this is sexism is no
big deal but the minute that a
conservative woman is criticized or even
drawn doing good sexism it's a trick
that's all it is
so don't legitimizing it by pretending
that they're actually upset this is all
propaganda and by the way here's why are
you giving reasons here's another one of
trump this one is broken but you all get
upset look at this one okay
he writes they bailed him out set him up
and made him their stooge with Trump of
the white house Putin may win the third
world war without firing a shot
hashtag pucker up Otis see if you don't
get upset over that you get upset over a
Sarah Huckabee Sanders drawing you have
a political motivation you don't want to
focus on an issue that you think you're
weak on which is that Donald Trump does
kiss Putin's ass you want to focus on
pretending that the only sexism is
against Republican women which is
hilarious I want to show you one last
one because I really enjoyed this one I
carry with a Wicked Witch of the West
drawing of sketch of Donald Trump he
said if you like my last car too you may
also enjoy the Wicked Witch of the West
Wing and Putin's flying monkeys while
you're right I did enjoy it
cue the special snowflakes on the right
while they now pretend to get upset and
demand safe spaces go forward you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
