now we are told several times over that
the Democratic Party would get to the
dreamers eventually and now to be fair
Donald Trump is the one that took away
the protection of young kids who were
brought here into the country when they
were just underaged children they had
nothing to do with that decision a lot
of them don't have any memories of their
the countries that they came from some
don't speak the language and said
they're Americans they were raised here
the whole time but they but they are
undocumented their parents came in
undocumented but a huge percentage of
Americans agree that they should be able
to stay and have a pathway to
citizenship so Democrats said well you
know when the Trump took that away we're
gonna fight him and we were gonna put it
into their original budget negotiations
and then we decided not to and then
there was a second round of budget now
we're not no or not but the third round
in March that's where we lay down the
hammer we draw a red line so let's find
out if they did the Hell reports
Democratic leaders are backing off of
their demand that dreamer protections be
a part of the 2018 budget negotiations
say it with me of course of course they
are they were never gonna do it like oh
come this way Latino voters just a
little further
just a little further give me your vote
one more time and then I'll fix things I
know how this game is played
Oh Republicans we're gonna fight them
all oh my god resistance about that
budget oh man my donors only that
omnibus spending bill to get past all
the donors versus dreamers ooh that's a
tough one that's not at all of course
they're gonna go with the donors so
while House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
and other Democratic leaders had hinged
their support for last month's budget
cap steel on a commitment ha-ha-ha
commitment from Republicans to consider
legislation salvaging the deferred
action for childhood arrivals program
they've signaled they won't hold a
similar line heading into next week's
expected vote on an omnibus omnibus
spending bill so what happened I thought
the Ramona give you the vote oh they
didn't did they just like I said you
said that that wasn't correct right
establishment Democrats
well you were wrong I'm expecting an
apology you guys love to apologize to
Republicans well they didn't give you a
vote and now what do you do okay okay
sorry sorry okay no no vote no vote we
don't need to vote so big mission Nancy
Pelosi is one of the people caving on
this that's interesting because I
remember her pretending to care about
this issue a lot the last time they had
a vote this is what happened the day
before the vote Pelosi commandeered the
chamber floor with a marathon eight hour
speech designed to highlight the
Republicans refusal to take up any daca
legislation the next day a 118 Democrats
joined her in opposing a measure that
many later hailed as a domestic policy
victory two important parts of that
first of all on the the fake filibuster
she did in the house I gave her credit I
said hey listen at least she's bringing
a spotlight to the issue she's working
hard to do that and if she sticks with
this strategy and and does not cave
eventually then I'll give her even more
credit but as you would expect and as
I've told you for decades it's not
doesn't that you're rocket scientist all
you have to do is read the paper you
know the Democrats are gonna buckle they
do it every time they're gonna cave
because they're paid to lose it's not an
accident it's not like Oh golly gee
there was nothing to we could do about
it
no it's part of the Kabuki theater so
that's why I make the predictions ahead
of time that's why I'm almost always
right not because I'm smart but cuz it's
obvious follow the money where's the
money the dreamers don't have money
donors have money and that spending
bills loaded up with money it's got to
pass it's gotta pass it's gotta pass so
all that semantics about the eight hours
and stuff that was just a marketing
gimmick just so that she could get
credit from the dreamers and from Latino
voters and not actually do anything
about it
now the second half is as important 118
Democrats were on her side and fought on
that issue at the time that's good I'll
give them credit for that but they
didn't win but they said well we'll call
it a policy victory no a victory is when
you win not when you grabbed a lot of
headlines and get the spotlight for
yourself and you still fail that's not a
victory only in the democratic world is
that a victory okay
so Nancy Pelosi now says wait wait wait
now look quote it is necessary for us to
pass the Omnibus to defend our country
in other words defense contractors gave
me a lot of money in my fellow Democrats
a lot of money which I funneled to them
to invest in our children's future to
keep America number one in every respect
to do so in a way that creates jobs that
sounds like a Donald Trump wrote it
oh we're gonna keep a burger do Burwood
we're gonna keep it safe defense
contracts and get billions of dollars
and all my donors get billions of
dollars dreamers gives a goddamn about
the dreamers I already got my spotlight
Nancy Pelosi you wonder why we don't
trust you this is why we don't trust you
it's not that complicated corporate
establishment Democrats you wonder why
we don't trust you
because you lie over and over you give
in to the Republicans and you lose the
Republicans on purpose how else do I
call it ahead of time
I'm not Monday morning quarterbacking it
I told you that they never vote on this
they're not voting on it I told you that
never insist on it in any budget they're
not is to see out in any budget I'm
right they're wrong because I know what
their motivation is it's the money
Lebowski it's not that complicated all
right now we go to representative Steny
Hoyer the number two person in the house
for the Democrats all these guys should
be wiped out number one through got-damn
however many it deep it goes one two
three four knock them all out these are
why are they in these positions Pelosi
and Hoyer and guys like Crowley are in
their positions because they raise the
most amount of money they brag about it
when they ask Nancy Pelosi why should
you be the leader of the Democrats in
the house she's like what do you mean I
bring the most amount of money you know
what that means for the rest of us I'm
the most corrupt I tell all the donors
I'll give you whatever you want I'll do
other things pretending I stand for
progressives I'll stand for you guys
so here's Steny Hoyer her henchmen about
go forward without any vote for the
under dreamers quote I think that's
probably the best policy for us to do
it's also politically the most feasible
way to get an omnibus passed well you're
right caving in to the Republicans and
giving them everything they want is the
most is the easiest way for an omnibus
spending bill to be passed what by the
way what happened to the goddamn
resistance I thought you were fighting
the Trump guys old
but here it's their budget you got some
crumbs in that budget I talked to you
the audience before about the crumbs you
got a little bit of this and they took
away chip and then they gave us back
chip in a couple of months Wow okay
that's an enormous ly popular program
but I didn't like I barely fought on and
then when I got it back I declared
victory okay they gave me the crumbs off
your table you should be fighting that
budget not looking to wait way to make
it the easiest way that it can pass to
help Trump and the Republicans Hoyer
suggested the Democrats most effective
tool and moving the Republicans to act
on daca is not withholding omnibus votes
but rousing pressure from the public
which poll shows overwhelmingly opposed
to deporting the dreamers young
undocumented immigrants brought to the
country as minors yep we got that
covered Steny we we don't the country
doesn't want that to happen and you even
know that but what are you going to do
about it we could all be mad but we're
not in Congress you're in Congress you
have to actually propose this thing
called legislation now I know you're
very familiar with it when it helps your
donors you pass those right along we've
got to pass a spending bill we've gotta
pass the Republican spending bill my
donors say don't upset the markets don't
have set the markets my donors would be
very mad they have all their money in
the markets but when it comes to daca
and the dreamers or any progressive
priorities legislation what names so how
do we do that
what do you want you want the numbers to
be high even steady horror knows that
look at what he said our best leverage
is 90% of the American people 87% think
this ought to be done hey I was gonna
say idiot but he's not an idiot he does
this on purpose if you've got 87 percent
of American people behind you already
that is when you introduce legislation
or actually hold up the omnibus bill
bill because you have what is called in
political circles I know you guys don't
understand politics at all so let me
explain it to you slowly that is when
you use your leverage your political
leverage because they need your votes
for that bill but you know that you've
been in Congress a long long time you
purposely give away your leverage what
what are you gonna get it from 87%
the 92% what difference does it make
what more can the American people do to
help the dreamers 87% of us say god
damnit help the dreamers and you go wow
that is very good leverage I choose not
to use but if you guys keep doing
protests or something maybe it'll
magically happen I get a better idea how
about we kick all of your asses out in
primaries we put in real progressives
that we won't need magic then we'll
actually have votes in Congress to get
progressive priorities done any group
that opposes these establishment
corporate Democrats you should support
whether it's justice Democrats or anyone
else get in there man for whatever you
do vote in primaries vote in primaries
in a lot of cases these corporate
Democrats are a much bigger enemy to you
than the Republicans the Republicans you
see coming right for it straight in
front of you when they go to stab use
from the front these guys oh we got your
back we're gonna protect only eighty
seven percent of Americans agree with us
we're gonna have to wait we can't
there's nothing we can do there's
nothing we can do about it we need 98
percent there's nothing we can do those
guys are losing on purpose they're the
worst of the worst go into every primary
in every state in every district and
vote out the Democratic incumbents so
yes there are some progressives that are
good look into it whether it's Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren some members of
the progressive caucus wrote Connor Roe
Grijalva etcetera fine but do your
homework and ninety eight out of a
hundred times if you vote out a
Democratic incumbent you'll have done
the nation a great great favor in the
primaries then we go kick Republican ass
because these guys are never gonna do it
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
