here reduce our costs those programs
and I have probably given here
good evening everyone
and let me thank all of you for being
with us here in the nation's capital we
have an overflow crowd and let me thank
the many many people all over the
country who are watching this Town
Meeting
via the Internet tonight we are going to
ask some questions and have a discussion
with some of the most knowledgeable
people in this country on issues that
are very very rarely if ever discussed
in the corporate media tonight we're
going to take a hard look at why over
the last 40 years the middle class of
this country has declined while
oligarchy is on the rise and why during
those 40 years over 13 trillion dollars
in wealth has been transferred from the
bottom 99% to the top 1% tonight we're
going to talk about income and wealth
inequality and what it means morally and
economically when three people in this
country own more wealth than the bottom
half of America when the top 1% when the
top one-tenth of 1% now owns almost as
much wealth as the bottom 90% we're
going to talk about our national
priorities when in recent years we have
seen an incredible growth in the number
of
while 40 million Americans in our
country continue to live in poverty and
we have the highest rate of childhood
poverty of almost any major country on
earth tonight we're going to talk about
what it means for the working class of
this country when over 50,000 factories
have been shut down since 2001 and
millions of workers have lost decent
paying jobs we'll discuss what it means
with trade union representation in the
private sector has declined from about
30 percent in the late 1950s to less
than 7 percent today but it's not just
economics that we're going to talk about
tonight we're going to ask what it means
to American democracy when as a result
of this disastrous Supreme Court
decision on citizens united we have a
handful of billionaires like the Koch
brothers who are prepared to spend four
hundred billion dollars in the midterm
elections to elect candidates who
represent the wealthy and the powerful
and we're going to discuss why it is
that four years ago almost two-thirds of
the American people chose not to vote
we're going to discuss why it is that
the United States of America the
wealthiest country in the history of the
world is the only major country on earth
not the guarantee healthcare to all
people as a right or half paid family
and medical leave at a time when life
expectancy in the United States is
actually on the decline we're going to
ask what it means that our workers work
some of the longest hours of any people
in the world while millions of jobs in
this country provide zero
Oh vacation time what does it mean that
at a highly competitive global economy
we've got hundreds of thousands of
bright young kids who cannot afford to
go to college and millions others who
are struggling with outrageous levels of
student debt but tonight's discussion is
not just an analysis of our problems
we're going to talk about solutions
about where we go from here and how we
create an economic and political system
which represents the needs of all
Americans and not just a handful of
wealthy campaign contributors I am very
pleased now to introduce the three
panelists who will be with us throughout
the evening Elizabeth Warren is a
senator from Massachusetts
and it's not only one of the outstanding
members of the Senate but she was before
coming to the Senate a leading expert in
this country on personal bankruptcy and
the author of several books on the
struggles of the American middle class
including a book entitled the two income
trap we have with us also Michael Moore
Michael Michael is one of the
outstanding documentary filmmakers in
our country he is an Academy Award
winner for his film Bowling for
Columbine and has also produced such
important documentaries as Fahrenheit
9/11 Roger and me capitalism a love
story and where to invade next and we
also have as part of our panel professor
Derek Hamilton
the IRA teaches economic and urban
policy at the new school in New York
City both his academic work and activism
is aimed at promoting greater economic
political and social inclusion his work
examines inequality and identity racism
and socio-economic outcomes and later in
the evening we're going to bring into
our panel a Katherine Coleman flowers an
expert on poverty a Cindy Estrada a vice
president of the United Automobile
Workers and Gordon lay for a professor
at the University of Oregon whose most
recent book is the one percent solution
alright let's get going Elizabeth what's
going on in the north
ok so I want to start this where we're
picking up where Bernie left off and
that is look at all the data right now
about inequality in America inequality
and wealth inequality and income but I
want to reframe this a little bit I see
this as inequality and opportunity and
that that is one of the most corrosive
parts about what's happening and what's
gone wrong over a generation and I look
at this very very personally I'm
somebody who grew up in a
paycheck-to-paycheck family we had our
ups we had our downs
my daddy ended up as a janitor my mom
ended up working a minimum-wage job at
Sears I wanted to be a public
schoolteacher and that meant you had to
get a college degree and I had a lot of
bumps along the way but the bottom line
was I got a chance to graduate from
college because of a commuter college
that cost $50 a semester I grew up in an
America a generation ago where a kid who
was willing to work hard could basically
get an advanced education on a part-time
waitressing job instead of having to
take on debt to do it now that doesn't
happen by magic it happens because of
decisions that we make together that we
make in government to invest
in educating our children and I think
the problem we have right now in America
every time I listen to these numbers I
think about them in terms of all of the
kids who've been cut out of the game
before they were five years old all the
kids who were cut out of the game before
there were fifteen years old all the
folks who were cut out of the game
before they were twenty five all the
people who had just one slim little
chance to make it through and if they
veered off that path at all that they
lost it entirely so for me what this
generational shift is about is a shift
in this fundamental question about who
this government works for and who it
creates opportunity for and what I see
so so so deeply wrong about these
numbers is they reflect an America that
works god it works it works for a
thinner and thinner and thinner slice at
the top and that means leaving behind
more kids and more kids and more kids
and someday we stay after that we don't
have the same America anymore and that's
what gets me in this fight and that's
what brings me to this panel so that's
it for me thank you
my boat Michael you had all over the
country and all over the world what's
your sense of what's been going on in
America in the last 40 years ISM there
was a statistic I read recently that
said I mean a given night in America
nearly 60% of our fellow Americans if a
loved one passed away tonight across the
country they don't have the money to be
able to go to the funeral to flight
there
nearly 60% of this country does not have
available to them access to them in
their pocket in the bank whatever four
hundred dollars nearly 60% of our fellow
Americans I've said this since my first
movie Bernie
which and these films I make they're
about a country that has an economic
system that's unfair it's unjust and
it's not democratic you cannot call this
a democracy if the democracy means we
just get to go vote but with the economy
we have no say in this then it's not a
true democracy and you mentioned the
three men of the three richest men that
have more than the bottom 50% those
three men are not right-wingers I don't
think they're Republicans
Bill Gates Warren Buffett Jeff Bezos
these are people that sort of tread
water over on our side of the political
fence the question that I hope to talk
about tonight a little bit maybe when we
get to the solutions is what we need to
do to deal with the Democratic Party
because we need we need a party that's
going to be there for the people for the
working people my father first voted as
a Democrat in on the island of New
Guinea in 1944 who's in the first Marine
Division in World War two
and they came around with the ballots
and they said you know here are cooler
for any voted for FDR we're a long way
from that place and we need to get back
to it and we need to challenge people on
our own side of the fence to stand up
and do their job for the working people
of this country
berrak you write a lot about what is
happening in America what's your
perception well
you and Senator Warren have correctly
framed the problem in the sense that
this is a choice we don't have to have
this economic despair and I'm glad you
both led with that we live in a context
where the way we deal with economic
precarity is we discipline the poor we
try to manage their seemingly bad
behavior and we another approaches we
try to cajole the private sector with
tax incentives to deal with our problems
that hasn't worked for the past 40 years
we have a choice we can do something
else we can instead empower people
directly so I'm glad that we have the
opportunity not only to point out some
of the problems but talk about some of
the solutions as well and the key frame
in which to address these solutions is
to empower people what is really
pernicious is that the most vulnerable
people when trying to do something for
themselves
they're the most exposed to predation be
it from the financial sector be it from
colleges and universities that might be
incentivized by for-profit as opposed to
a non profit motive so that rhetoric has
a has a harm on those that really try
hard we don't want that we want a
society where your efforts will truly be
rewarded it probably I see the sign
going up we're going to move to another
segment but the list of despair is long
and probably worth talking about at some
point it's not only income and wealth
inequality its vulnerability to
predation vulnerability to natural
disaster vulnerability to stress in
stigma of trying to overcome your
obstacles that manifests in health
inequities and then I you know I'd be
remiss not to point out that these
vulnerabilities are more pronounced for
marginal groups race gender disability
status formerly incarcerated they face
obstacles that the general population
don't doesn't so I'm gonna stop there
but and hopefully we'll talk more
throughout the day
I think we have a video now I've been
warning off gas assistance quite a few
times this stigma it's like it's almost
a headband written across her forehead
don't look down at me don't shame me try
to understand me try to understand what
it's like I know what it's like to have
went to bed without eating to make sure
my kids eat I know what it's like to
have to call around and almost bake
people for help being homeless twice
it's difficult it's hard my name is
Sabrina Schrader and I'm from a holler
in West Virginia called twin branch
where we had a good neighborhood in
community swim branches in McDowell
County and it's one of the poorest
counties and one of the poorest states
in the country because of inadequate
health care lack of transportation and
lack of resources I was born into a
family that was afflicted by domestic
violence child abuse these circumstances
do not cause poverty they are caused by
poverty due to conditions influenced by
poverty decreased chances for success
are often swayed by drug abuse poor
health care limited access to healthy
food choices unhealthy lifestyle habits
such as smoking cigarettes and little
interstate access some say poverty is a
death sentence frankly I don't know how
many times I've been given that death
sentence
this is where I come and I lay my head
until the next morning it humbles you
because when I when I am blessed to get
back on my finger everything going I'm
gonna take anything for granted my life
is everything all I do is work I mean
it's a struggle my life is life was a
struggle anyway though I work hard go to
work every day and still got to come
home to the side whether I'm gonna be
able to put food on the table or won't
pay the light bill or the gas bill or
pay pay rent
hello everyone I'm Ana Kasparian and I'm
from the Young Turks and I'm one of the
digital media partners that's helping to
draw attention and raise awareness about
this incredibly important topic and I
want to thank all of the digital media
partners who are doing that and more
importantly I'd like to thank senator
Sanders for hosting such an incredibly
important topic that gets overlooked or
neglected in corporate media time and
time again you know income inequality
continues to be a great tragedy in a
country such as America where you have
so much productivity so much wealth but
so much of it is conscious concentrated
at the top 1% and the reality is another
portion of that tragedy is how we have
allowed the wealthiest individuals to
essentially take hold of the narrative
regarding all of us and stereotyped us
as individuals who expect entitlements
who expect to get things handed to us
when in reality as Senator Warren
brilliantly put we want equality of
opportunity we want to have the same
ability to accomplish the American dream
as generations before us and I would
love to now introduce the panelists who
is joining the discussion miss Katherine
Coleman flowers she's the founder of the
Alabama center for rural Enterprise
Community Development Corporation miss
flowers has called
attention to the lack of environmental
and climate justice in poor rural
communities including exposing how some
communities live surrounded by raw open
sewage last year she invited the UN
Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty to
Alabama and he characterized what he saw
as quote uncommon in the first world
thank you for joining us miss Katherine
Coleman flowers Katherine thanks so much
for being with us yes I do
what are you seeing every day well I
work primarily in rural communities
Alabama's black belt is one of the
poorest areas in the United States and
the area is is is is popularly do
primarily by people of color Alabama at
one point at the end of the
international slave trade Montgomery was
the center of the domestic slave trading
a lot of people that are in the Black
Belt there our heritage goes back to
those days and I think that the
structural poverty and the and the
political structures that are in place
reinforces the kind of poverty that
exists in the area what I've seen since
I've returned to the area because I grew
up in Lowndes County Alabama I've seen
raw sewage underneath mobile homes I
have seen people invest in on-site
septic systems that they are told by the
State Health Department to purchase and
it's running back into their homes we
have actually seen people we did a study
but Baylor's National School of Tropical
Medicine where we found evidence of
tropical parasites including hookworm in
Lowndes County and that is that is just
an atrocity that at this particular time
in our history where we have these
wealthy people that we allow this kind
of thing to take place here in the
United States of America all right so
we're talking about environmental
disasters among the poorest of the poor
talk a little bit about the kids
in rural Alabama the kind of education
they get how many of them dropping out
of school how many of them are able to
go to college what kind of future do
these people have I'm just going to give
I'm going to use a family as an example
that we went to see recently when
Reverend William barber who leads to new
Poor People's Campaign this family that
we went to there the mother single
mother two children one age 9 1 inch 15
she's unable to buy clothes for her
children doing those months went those
few weeks when it was very very cold her
power bill was so high that she had to
choose between paying her mortgage and
paying her power wheels and in places
like Lance County
you don't get a chance to have a budget
plan if the bill is two or three hundred
dollars you have to pay it on the 15th
of the month if you a penny short
they're going to turn it off the next
day the same thing is true with the
phones
so she doesn't have a car one of her
kids has sleep apnea and she has to take
the child to the doctor in Birmingham
and sometimes can't make the
appointments because she doesn't have
the transportation and they're not
pediatricians that are located in the
county you have to go to Montgomery you
have to go to other areas of major areas
where the population is more urban to
get access to that type of treatment
terms of the schools we still have
schools in a black belt with lagoons
full of Ross sewers that are right next
to the schools so we wonder why the
students aren't doing well and the
schools consistently or characterizes
filming's foods it could be because
there are illnesses that are there that
American doctors don't survey for
because they are not expected to be
found in the United States okay so I
want to pick up on a point because I've
read your work and and you're really
doing amazing work and trying to bring
attention to this but I there's this
there's this catch-22 right in the
middle of it that you talk about how
there's basically no sewage
infrastructure think about that in a
place where people live in America and
as you point out because of the way the
land is it's not like you can just did a
septic and
be okay you just literally can't do that
this is why sewage backs up into
people's houses into their trailers but
business won't come to this area because
there's no sewage infrastructure and if
there's no business there's no tax base
to build any sewage infrastructure do
you see a pattern here about how you
know how this works so so you get these
areas of poverty they've just got locked
in poverty you see this some on on
Native American reservations areas where
right now a third of all people who are
living on tribal lands have no access to
the Internet none zero who can run a
business in the 21st century without it
who can who can run a library with
without access to the Internet and so
without it nobody comes nobody makes the
investment and if nobody comes and
nobody makes the investment then you you
create these these circles of poverty
that just wipe out opportunity for
anyone and it's goes back to this
fundamental question this is where our
federal government should be making
investments well the investments in
raising opportunity I'm sorry I agree
with you but I didn't even know a
development in Lowndes County yeah and I
remember going to talk to some people
from the economic development
administration and I asked them why even
when Hyundai came to Erie why were they
not directing businesses two-ounce
County and they said to me well the only
reason to go to Lowndes County is to get
to Montgomery to Selma
some of those same type of attitudes
that existed prior to the 1960s the
structural racism that was reinforced by
racial terror is still in existence
today the water doesn't just get dirty
then these are decisions that get made
and you don't have clean drinking water
because of decisions about money that
are made we were talking backstage about
Flint and there are many Flint's around
this country you know scientists that we
have an environmental problem but we
have we have an economic problem where
those
people in your case in Alabama in my
case in Flint where decisions get made
where they say you know what these
people they're not worth the investment
and they have no political power and
they don't buy candidates and we don't
have to do an example of that recently
the study about the parasites was
published in The Guardian made
international news September 5th of last
year a month later it was announced that
there was a town in Lowndes County was
receiving money to expand its wastewater
treatment it went to the business
community it did not include the people
that had tested positive for it for
hookworm so clearly the people that
could afford the wastewater
infrastructure didn't get it and it goes
back to what we talked about before the
tax incentives that you mentioned
earlier
that goes to the business community but
it doesn't translate on the ground to
the people that are living in the
community you referenced William Barbour
in the beginning of your narrative and
Senator Warren referenced why the
private sector is not doing this and it
makes sense why they don't do it it's
not profitable for them but William
Barbour has the right narrative economic
justice should be a moral imperative why
are we relying on the private sector to
begin with
somebody's dignity should not be based
in the profit of a firm that's just the
bottom line
only let me ask you this cutting Michael
raised this point and that is the
politics how does it happen
not only in Alabama do you think but all
over this country we've got 40 million
people living in poverty some in
desperate poverty we've got people can't
afford child care they can't afford
health care they can't afford to send
their kids to college
Alabama anyone paying attention for
those people you know I think there
there are people that are paying
attention but I think that the same
problem that you mentioned earlier is
that if we look at these campaign
finance statements and see who's funding
these campaigns then we'll understand
why these these politicians in a lot of
cases or take a look lying on to these
kinds of issues I mean the people the
example that I'm just raised at what
happened in Lowndes County in October of
last year was based on the fact that the
people that had the power got that this
they had failing septic systems to thank
God but they have never been cited in
Alabama you can be cited paid up to five
hundred dollars a day you can be charged
up to five hundred dollars a day if you
are not in compliance and you can also
be arrested none of those people have
ever been arrested and none of them have
ever been fired but they got the money
and they got the money based on and the
narrative that was put out there was
based on the fact that this study was
done and people are going to be in to
get access this to sewage but if you
didn't know the area and then go out
there and actually investigate you
realize it did not include the residents
when you talk to the State Department of
Public Health there the narrative is is
that it's up to the homeowner
so that's unfair and what has happened
what I believe you know when I see a lot
of politicians going on into the
communities they go to the other elected
officials they don't go out into the
community I think until they started
going into the community especially in
the rural communities and sitting down
with mom on them and finding out what's
really going on we're never going to
have any real change because the people
that are making change are trying to
make change from up here and they have
an accent on into the community to see
how people are impacted by
you see in Alabama maybe you want to
generalize around the rest of the
country people beginning to stand up and
really say enough is enough
and it is absurd that in the wealthiest
country in the history of the word world
people living in such desperate poverty
and are getting illnesses that don't
even don't really exist in our country
are you seeing people being to stand up
and fight back yes I am seeing people
stand up actually uh when Reverend
barber was there I took him to a home
the same home that the UN Special
Rapporteur went to and at that time you
know the the identity of the person was
was hidden he didn't want people to know
but at the Reverend barber talked to him
and he showed up and he prayed with him
this man is willing to come to
Washington and tell his story you know
we have to I think when they start
seeing people show up they care then
they start feeling comfortable to come
out and tell the story and fight back
can you tell how the United Nations tell
the straights the people were watching
this but don't know that the United
Nations has had that go to Alabama and
other places and it's as if they do go
to the third world to cite this country
I mean tell that story that's yes
actually I'm working with a group out of
New York the human rights law clinic at
Columbia University School of Law we
wrote a letter inviting the UN Special
Rapporteur on extreme poverty to come to
Lance County actually to come to Alabama
he agreed to come and when he went to
Lowndes County I told him we cannot take
any we just were go into people's homes
we we're not going to have a town-hall
meeting we're going to go so you can
actually see this and he went there and
when he went there and people told their
stories he went inside their homes and
he could see and see their suffering and
he went to a particular area we where
there was raw sewage all over the ground
and one of the reporters asked him had
he ever seen this before and he said
that this is uncommon in the first world
and and for those who don't know Lanice
counties between Selma and Montgomery we
have people to go there every
to celebrate the Selma to Montgomery
March and within 20 minutes of Selma
there is there are people living in
these conditions that even the UN
special rapid shooter said is uncommon
in the first world UN observers in
Alabama yes Wow yeah what what I think
is extraordinary and in a sense what
this meeting is about is to tell people
in Alabama in Vermont Massachusetts all
over this country that they are not
alone
that the reality is that tens and tens
of millions of people tonight are
struggling desperately trying to take
care of their kids doing the best that
they can and they are worried to death
about health care or education or
environmental issues and I think one of
the hardest things that has to happen it
is not easy is for ordinary people to
stand up and say this is my life and I
am in pain this is the United States of
America they should not be happening
that's right I agree with that
and I would even go as far as to say I
mean I am annoyed I was a teacher I was
a DC public school teacher and I went
back home I taught you I could not my
conscience will not allow me to not get
involved I don't live in that situation
but those are my people that live in
that situation and we're going to have
to reach back and if the people don't
have the strength to do it let's speak
for them but I think the more people
that are speaking of the more people are
going to come forward and I'm
encouraging everybody if the people in
Alabama can't vote for themselves vote
for us make sure that we put people in
place
that will make sure that this type of
income inequality does not continue to
exist in this country because I'm
concerned I have a two-year-old grandson
I'm concerned about his future and I'm
concerned whether or not he'll be able
to do as well as me because of the
structures that we have in place now the
money sure that I would add and maybe
Michael can jump in on this one
is how often have you guys seen on
television any discussion of poverty in
America you ever seen virtually not at
all 40 million people struggling and
what I would say to our friends in the
corporate media start paying attention
to the reality of how many people in our
country are struggling economically
every single day I talk about that
I was just in West Virginia you were in
West Virginia recently they had an
amazing victory the teachers strike in
West Virginia
this union brought down the state
apparatus at 75% women in this union and
they rose up and and Bernie I didn't see
hardly anything in the corporate media
about this on any of the networks even
some of the networks that we watch where
you know Russia turn the channel you
know who else all the shiny keys to
distract us that's what goes on in the
media all the other things that we they
talk about and we should be seeing this
this we should see we should know about
the West Virginia teacher strike and the
victory what did the inspiration that
would be around the country if they if
you saw people in West Virginia do this
they haven't had a strike like this in
forever and it's they don't show this
Bernie because what would happen if they
did what would happen in a so-called
conservative red state teachers stood up
and fought back and won yes
by Katherine thank you very much for all
that you do and thanks so much for being
with us tonight thank you
we found out that they're gonna shoot
the plan on Tuesday we don't deserve
what they do it knows you know it really
hurts because like I say this is this is
my second family
so it was it was it's really hard I'm
gonna miss I don't think anybody on this
planet deserve
I'm carpeted for 40 years I've been on
unemployment for the last six months
I've got a problem with my neck in my
hand
I just got my last check last night I
knew we were gonna be homeless
I knew who's gonna happen we lost our
apartment so I bought that van if we
sleep it took the seats out and that's
what we got the safe heart program and
then that's what we can do
at this Main Street there wasn't an
empty building that didn't have a
prosperous business in it but little by
little they begin to close one after the
other
and now it's down to the ghost town that
goes counting that was plenty of jobs
you got team burn coal mines and coal
fields go they done team poured
everything out sup we're very pleased to
have with us Cindy Estrada Cindy is a
vice-president of one of the great
unions in our country of the United
Automobile Workers Cindy thanks so much
for being here and when we talk about
the decline of the middle class clearly
were talking about the loss of fifty
thousand factories in this country since
2001 of jobs being sent abroad to China
etc a workers not working for much lower
wages than they use the end of the Cline
of the trade union movement wanna say a
few words about those issues you know I
was reading a study the other day that 9
and 10 Americans believe that
manufacturing is going to rebuild the
middle class and it makes sense that
people think that because manufacturing
jobs typically were associated with good
jobs but they were often Union jobs it
wasn't because those jobs were given a
really good wage because an employer
decided to give it you know if you take
my life for example you know my father
owned a bar a bar in Detroit plants were
buy it union workers made high wages
they came into that into his bar they
spent money they had disposable income
so not only did union workers be well
but the non-union workers that came in
there their wages were hired because of
the bargaining power of workers and
because of that I was able five of us
were able to go to college because
workers had good jobs and businesses
like this video shows had disposable
incomes to spend their school systems
were better you know but today people
believe that because most manufacturing
jobs today you know people think that
you could you know raise a family like
you used to be able to that you could
your kids to good schools that you could
save for a retirement but that's really
not the case today what's happening in
this country with the declining unionism
is that you often have workers who are
making it I just heard a figure 600,000
workers in manufacturing are making nine
sixty or less 1.5 million manufacturing
workers are making eleven ninety or less
that means they're literally working for
these wealthy corporations working
full-time and then walking into a food
stamp line University of California
Berkeley did an amazing study that
showed that one third of manufacturing
workers are in some form of subsidy that
means that ten point two billion dollars
are going out to subsidize workers when
and to keep in mind that that's when
companies are making billions and
profits it's not like these companies
aren't doing well they're doing well
workers are subsidizing us as taxpayers
are subsidizing them and then the other
pieces it's so important not to have a
discussion on inequality without talking
about workers power if they're able to
sit across a table from their employer
and bargain collectively bargain and
wages are never going to go up even with
this amazing fight for 15 which is so
the workers who did that well it wasn't
even anyone's radar so courageous but
even 15 is in a living wage it's not the
wage that we grew up with and so we have
to have 15 in a union workers have to
have a seat at the table because if it's
a left up to employers they're always
going to make a decision on their bottom
line there oh and it's about their
bottom line they're always going to send
it to their shareholders in corporations
so I agree with what you said we can't
leave it up to the private sector
workers have to get a seat at the table
and how do we build that trade union
movement again when employers are
spending a billion dollars a year
fighting in union busting fighting
workers as they try to organize because
60% of workers want a union so you ask
why don't they get one and I don't get
one because they're being fired they're
being told that their jobs will go to
Mexico where they're competing with 3
dollars and 95 cents an hour in the auto
industry just to give you an example as
unions declined the wages in the auto
industry are 9
declining nine times faster than workers
as a whole and that's because as unions
went down wages went down and we lost
power in politics because power at the
bargaining table Elizabeth well so I
just want to pick up on your point about
unions look I think it's clear unions
built America's middle class
it'll take unions to rebuild America's
middle class I just think that's just
want I just want to look at some of the
the numbers around what's happened to
America's middle class you need you just
you watch America coming out of the
Great Depression kind of 1935 forward
you watch GDP doing this and you watch
America investing in the things that
helped create a middle class investing
in education investing in infrastructure
investing in basic research the things
that helped us go forward doing all of
this based on progressive taxation those
who have more pay a fair share and
helped pick up the ticket for that and
what happens 1935 to 1980 the 90% of
American everybody not that top 10% the
90 percent of America gets 70 percent of
all new income growth in this country
the other rich did better but everybody
did better upper middle class middle
middle class lower middle class working
class working poor poor poor everybody
was listed because we were investing in
opportunity you watch that change in at
1980 what happened in 1980
um well Reagan gets elected we move to
trickle-down economics cut taxes for
those at the top and start cutting back
on investments in opportunity so what is
firing the air-traffic control by oh the
Eric exactly break the unions so union
membership had been strong now what
happens one of the first moves that the
Reagan administration is to break the
Union that actually helps support it and
help him get elected so what happens
then here's the deal
GDP keeps going right on up it's gone up
in time one 1935 to 1980
1882 2017 continues to go right on up
where is the key difference when you
stop making those investments in the
opportunity the 90% of America everybody
not in that top 10% how much of all that
new income growth did they can't answer
zero a hundred percent of it goes to the
top 10% so what happens in America wages
just flat now and all those expenses all
those core expense it's like housing and
health care and getting your kids
educated transportation childcare those
costs shoot through the roof and the
family gets caught in the squeeze and so
the family that a generation ago could
make it on one income now can't make it
on two incomes because those incomes
have been so depressed relative to the
rest of the expenses Bernie knows
because we've talked about this a
hundred times but this was a big part of
the research I did about families who
got bankrupt what was what was the
narrative in America people go bankrupt
because they spent too much time at the
mall no they spend too much time at the
doctor's office our research was about
medical bankruptcy people who went broke
because they lost their jobs people who
went broke because of a death or divorce
in the family Michael I'm sorry hollows
out America's middle class all right
Michael grew up in a city which maybe
represents all of this and that's Flint
Michigan Michael what have you observed
well back when I was growing up in Flint
Michigan nearly every job was a union
job the the person who bagged the
groceries in the checkout line there was
a union for grocery bag beggars and and
everybody everybody did well I mean and
and you only needed one income I'm so
happy you're here from the UAW my uncle
my uncle Vern was in the Flint sit-down
strike of 1936-37 that founded the UAW
they took over the factories in the
middle of winter in Flint in and we
that's where the middle class really
began began with those strikes and it
allowed working people who didn't have
an education to have a decent life to be
able to send the kids to college to have
the be able to do these things and this
has been ripped from people and I've
been waiting Bernie for the moment and I
think it is coming and it's so crazy the
rich right now the greed the level of
greed that they think that that that
people are not going to be at the gates
you can only build so many gated
communities when people are eventually
going to say enough you know it's one
thing if you've always been poor and
you've never had their little things
that they give the middle class to make
this think that work you know part of
them you know they in Flint back in the
after these strikes in the 40s and 50s
the GM executives said we need to build
golf courses next to each of the
factories so there's a golf course by
each of the factories in Flint you know
within a mile or so and all and make
because they don't give them some of the
things that the rich have and though
this would placate them and they'll
think that they're rich and so all of
our dads learn to play golf you know and
because there was an eight-hour day back
then they got out of work at 3 o'clock
and they go play nine holes of golf and
what happened and you know this is being
down there at part of the union that
people people stop going to the union
meetings people started thinking that
you know started voting for the rich
man's candidates and of the Macomb
County effect the Reagan Democrats and
and undercut themselves in such a
profound way I want to just echo what
you said here and that this is a
critical part of this evening Bernie
that organizing joining a union go young
people you're gonna have to do this yeah
I think this is we have seen young
people on the rise right lately are
young people
you're gonna smoke startin some lousy
minimum-wage job what do you got to lose
young people understand what a union is
it just means that you're taking a seat
at the table and you're not going to let
your employer make all the decisions you
want to jump in
well let's even put some context on
working poverty forty five percent of
homeless individuals work say that again
on what everybody to hear that actually
I'm slightly off forty four percent of
homeless individuals work but obviously
don't earn enough to get themselves out
of their situation so that they can have
decent housing forty percent of workers
are in contingent insecure jobs as
defined by the General Accounting Office
forty four percent of workers earn below
fifteen dollars an hour so that's the
context in which we're in but I'm gonna
shift gears a little bit and say that if
we really are talking about a middle
class and economic security economic
security we need to talk about wealth
and if we look at well we know wealth is
both the beginning in the end of
economic insecurity or security wealth
gives you it's not just wealth as an
outcome it's what wealth can do for your
life we've talked about political power
if you got wealth you can get political
power if you're faced with an expensive
legal system wealth will help allow you
to address that condition if you have a
medical bills wealth allows you to
address your condition if you want to
send your child to an elite private
school or university those that have
wealth can do so we often think about
wealth in terms of what the end is but
it's really found the real power of
wealth is what it can do for people it
gives you choice it gives you freedom it
gives you agency now let's think about
what wealth is in terms of numbers
senator Sanders pointed out the
beginning of when we started that the
top 10 percent of households this
be slightly different than Ataturk he
gave he gave for the top 1% the top 10%
of households have over 75% of the
nation's wealth the bottom 50% of
households have about 1% of the nation's
wealth
so however unequal we are in terms of
wealth race becomes a bigger predictor
of somebody's well positioned in class
itself the typical black household has
about 10 cents on the dollars a typical
white household and that's including
home equity we talk about the middle
class there virtually has never been a
substantial middle black middle class if
we're defining it in terms of wealth and
as I pointed out to you before wealth
gives you agency I'll give a couple more
statistics and I'll sum up we know that
if you are a head of household in your
black and you graduated from college
your family's wealth position is lower
than that of a white family where the
head dropped out of high school so this
feeds into the narrative of can we
simply work hard study hard and address
inequality the answer is no those things
are important education is important in
its own right so when senator Sanders
proposes that we should have tuition
free public education absolutely
but as
as an end unto itself we exaggerated the
economic returns to education
particularly for marginalized groups and
when we start getting into these
narratives of a post-racial society
we're not there now we can come up with
comprehensive programs that include
everybody but we need to do a different
leaders way so that we make sure nobody
is left behind regardless of your race
gender disability status etc
Elizabeth and then that one Cindy duh
okay I just want to pick up though on
the point about about wealth and
systemic racism and just talk for one
second about homeownership
and what homeownership means in America
it is the principle way that the middle
class built wealth that is the number
one retirement plan in America always
pay off your house and live on your
social security the way that you hand
down wealth to the next generation if
you're lucky enough to be able to hold
on to it is you get that house paid off
Grandma and Grandpa die in it and then
you can sell it and the next generation
will be wealthier families have been
doing this for generations now in
America that is white families have been
doing this for generations the impact of
discrimination in housing and racially
restrictive covenants and then in
redlining and then it's inverse that led
up to the crash of 2008 targeting
communities of color for the lousy
Isnora jizz out there and then when
things started to go south foreclosing
much more aggressively in those same
communities that's right after the crash
so it's been one after another after
another and the consequence of that is
that you watch the divide I just give
you one part on the the wealth divide
the black-white wealth divides been
there since we started measuring at the
1940s stays there's way too big but the
civil rights movement 1965 when people
get access to voting when people get
access to housing when people get access
to travel when people get employment
opportunities nineteen fifty sixty five
to nineteen eighty you watched the
black-white wealth gap shrink sure it's
the only 30 percent and then what
happens because of housing 1980 to 2016
you watch the black-white wealth camp
rebel so now in a city like Boston the
latest report the Boston Globe did a
series on this is that the median white
family in Boston
as a wealth of about two hundred and
forty seven thousand dollars the median
black family in Boston has wealth of
about eight dollars I'm going to jump in
really quick and say keylolo Keisha kasi
who's in the audience funded this study
that was done that you're siding with
William Barrett II and I it points out
that the median wealth also so she
should be AB see I wanna maybe conclude
this segment by picking up at a point
that that Michael made and that is if we
do not have a strong trade union
movement in this country if millions of
working people young people people of
color are not coming together to engage
in collective bargaining to demand a
fair shake on the job the future of the
middle class is not strong how do we
grow taking on as you indicated all of
those folks who are trying to destroy
unions making it harder and harder for
workers to join unions how do we go
forward and rebuild the trade union
movement in America you know one is I
think we're doing it I think that
workers are starting to see isn't just
the service sector it's not you know
McDonald's and Walmart workers it is all
workers that are working full time
making poverty wages walking into a food
stamp line and then being vilified for
doing that while they make corporations
really wealthy so I think that we have
to work together to make sure that we
fight against these anti-union labor all
the appointments that are happening in
the administration right now but I
really believe that workers are starting
to stand up in West Virginia they stood
up working people are gonna start
standing up because they're tired of
making this poverty wage and I don't
believe that we can solve income
inequality people were able to afford
houses because they had a middle-class
job because they didn't leave it up to
the employer they bargained for those
rights and so and I think we also with
all due respect I love the the Senators
but a strong union movement also to
Michael's point is it can hold
politicians accountable and could have
it's working people that are responsible
for fighting for Social Security
fighting for Medicare and do working
people make mistakes yes unions are made
up of people but I will take standing
and sitting across the table from
workers or sitting on the same side of
the table of workers and then having the
employers make the decisions because
it's always going to be their bottom
line and right now they're showing us
General Motors is importing 800,000
vehicles in from out of the country why
because they can have workers in Mexico
be paid 395 an hour versus the $30 an
hour that workers are being paid in a
union shop so I think there has to be
policy change but we have to get workers
at seat at the table and fight on their
behalf every time we see someone who
comes in and tries to bust a union or
pass legislation that's anti worker okay
on that note let's build a train you to
movement in America no gonna end this
segment thank you
these are the three wealthiest people in
America
these three men own more wealth than the
bottom half of all American society
these are some of the 13 million
children living in poverty in the United
States a country with more childhood
poverty than almost any major country on
Earth this is the Walton family of
Walmart who together have over a hundred
and thirty three billion dollars in
wealth this is a Walmart worker and her
daughter she makes $11 an hour and
struggles to pay her bills put a roof
over her head and put food on the tape
this is Jamie Dimon head of the largest
bank in the United States the four
largest banks in America control more
money than half of our entire country's
economy this is a family that lost their
home as a result of Wall Street's greed
this is Jeff Immelt the former head of
general electric will receive a 211
million dollar retirement package
after he left GE this is a worker who
lost his job when GE moved the factory
he worked in to Mexico where they
searched what she laid this is the
chairman of Milan
Robert Cory he made 98 million dollars
in 2016 this is a patient who can't
afford an epi pen
because Milan raised the price of that
life-saving product by 400% how has it
happened that over the last 40 years the
middle class of our country has been
decimated while those at the top have
done phenomenally all right mom and to
answer that question is going to lay fur
as a professor at the University of
Oregon was written a lot about wealth
and power in the United States Gordon
what's going on you know as a political
scientist I'm asked sometimes how does
it happen think democracy laws get
passed that go against the interests of
the majority and to answer that question
we really have to look behind the
politicians and behind the parties to
see what is the real power that is
writing our laws and that's not just the
Koch brothers but it's a handful of the
biggest and most powerful political
actors in America which is the big
corporate lobbyists the biggest lobby in
the country is the Chamber of Commerce
which already and before citizens united
the political budget of the Chamber of
Commerce was bigger than either the
National Republican or Democratic Party
since the Supreme Court said
corporations can spend unlimited amounts
of money on politics corporate political
spending is up 600 percent and what
they're doing with that money is not
just picking who sits in office but
actually writing our laws my research
recently focused mostly on the states
because until recently the federal
government was deadlocked and the
corporation's focused on the state's the
biggest vehicle through which corporate
political activity happens in the States
is called the American Legislative
Exchange Council or Alec you can find
out about it if nobody has to trust me
at a website called Alec expose org but
this is how it works
Alec is a collection of several hundred
of the largest corporations in America
and in the world over the last decade
it's included Facebook and Amazon and
Google but this is a partial list of
companies involved in Alec Ford and GM
Coke and Pepsi Walmart Home Depot the
insurance companies the drug companies
here's how they do it about a quarter of
all state legislators in the country or
members of Alec they pay 50 bucks a year
in dues the rest of the expenses paid by
these corporations they meet several
times a year in committees that are made
up half of elected legislators and half
of corporate lobbyists and they write
bills together that are then introduced
in cookie-cutter fashion in states
throughout the country and now in the
Congress of the United States and then
the same corporations that write the
laws fund those politicians campaigns
run their own advertisements and hire
so-called experts to promote their
policies they estimate that they
introduce a thousand bills a year and
get 200 a year passed into law in the
states and to give you just one example
of what are they doing with all this
power you know the federal minimum wage
does not keep pace with inflation
because of the power of the corporate
lobbies it's now below what it was in
1968 and right now tonight one out of
every four people in America is working
for less than what the minimum wage was
worth in 1968 inflation adjusted terms
working for less than minimum wage all
told that's a hundred billion dollars a
year that is taken out of the pockets of
the people who do to work and put into
the pockets of shareholders investors
just by political power that's not
something that anybody would vote for
not Republicans and/or Democrats that's
happening because they have the power to
control who's in office and to write the
laws what Elizabeth I can tell you
dealing with this stuff every single day
is the insanity of a situation where the
people want one thing and what we are
dealing with in the US Senate and the
house is something completely different
poll after poll says the American people
believe we should raise the minimum wage
to a living wage Elizabeth not one
discussion
not one word hell at the poll says the
American people want common-sense gun
safety legislation and what we got
instead of that legislation and
Elizabeth was very involved in that is
the deregulation of some of the largest
banks in America right all right
so I want to ask you a question because
this is terribly important you know
Elizabeth and I and other positive go
out to the real world we talk to real
people and people tell us one thing and
we come here we find we're living on
another planet
alright describe for our audience how it
happens that not only here in the
Congress now but in state after state
the needs of working people are ignored
the needs of the wealthy and powerful
are addressed well first of all I think
it's important to say that it's not a
partisan issue as you said a majority of
both Republicans and Democrats support a
higher minimum wage support a right to
paid sick leave think that citizens
united should be overturn and a bunch of
other things and the corporate lobbies
are not cheerleaders for the Republican
Party they want more money and power for
themselves and they're not hesitant
about going after pro working people
Republicans in Michigan when
right-to-work which is a law that's
designed to kill unions in the private
sector was passed the Senate majority
leader who was a Republican was opposed
to it and he was taken in a back room
with big money donors who essentially
said do what we say or this will be your
last term in office because we'll pull
our money from you and will fund a
primary opponent I think we just saw
that in the Congress with the tax cut
nobody was for the tax cut Trump voters
were not for the tax cut the Republicans
said we're told by our donors this is
the one make-or-break thing we have to
do or we won't be back here because
they'll fund an opponent permanently and
that wasn't the end I think about that
they actually openly got quoted saying
we have to deliver on tax cuts for the
donors or they won't be back again you
know we need to call this out for what
it is it is corruption plain and
and what I find so powerful about your
point is that this is an organized
effort just simply to take over our
government take over our government at
the federal level take over our
government the state level and make the
government work better and better for a
thinner and thinner rich slice in
America and it's it's the campaign
contributions we talk about those but
it's so much more than that it's the
fact that they can hire armies of
lobbyists you know I still remember back
following the financial crash when you
would have expected that the banks
having just gotten bailed out by the
American taxpayers would just be a
little bit rich a little embarrassed to
show up in the halls
they spent a million dollars a day
lobbying against basic financial reforms
lobbying against the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau and I still remember
because this is when I was I was still a
teacher I come down to Washington to try
to fight for the consumer agency and
literally the lobbyists would come by in
such big herds of people in
hand-tailored suits and you know
handmade loafers that you kind of had to
lean back against the whole way down the
hallway it it matters there that that
there is this huge lobbying apparatus on
the side of corporations on the side of
money on the side of giant banks who's
there for the folks who get cheated all
right let me ask Michael you raised an
issue important that as well they're
saying just the Republicans that's right
all right how does it happen that big
money can dominate both political
parties what we do about that or is that
the Oscars a couple years ago and I get
tapped on the shoulder
and it's the the CEO of Goldman Sachs
and he says to me why why are you
attacking us why we're Democrats he says
to me we're Democrats I said I know that
I know that you were the largest single
private contributor to President Obama
thank you for that by the way but you
know you were expecting something and
and he was like a folde at this if you
look at the money that goes to support
Democratic candidates and we were
talking with Katharine backstage in
Alabama how they come in with the money
and whether they're whether the
representatives are Democrats or
Republicans they go for the money and
it's one of the hardest things that we
have those of us working on these issues
that that how do you fight the money the
way you fight it is you yet they have
the votes and the people because what I
said to the chairman of Goldman Sachs
was they said you know it's really gotta
bother you that with all the money you
and your Wall Street friends have when
you go in that voting booth and you pull
that curtain
you only have one vote each of you just
got one vote and you know there's more
of us than there are of you that's gotta
frighten you every single night you know
the only way out of this is with the
bucks that you put into this system to
make it corrupt to make it sick and
sooner or later the people aren't going
to take it anymore
and that'll be the end of it
have a good time at the Oscars
and didn't make a contribution to your
film he did he know he did not make it
in fact when I went to make my next film
because Goldman Sachs is an investor of
that studio they said we're sorry we
can't do this because the of the Goldman
Sachs people on the board and I was not
able to make that next film I went
someplace else but no there they affect
me they affect you they affect all of us
they're everywhere and they are those
those those creepy core what's the name
of that movie without not the battle
start there what's the you know the
movie with a creep on the planet they
come out of the money in politics what's
going on I mean ask me something about
economics not creepy-crawlers but no you
know some of the rhetoric we've you
already even heard so far citizens
united right to work my colleague
William Garrity says that authentic
right to work would be a federal job
guarantee they're winning the issues
with regards to politics is beyond just
voting and that's clearly evident with
the ways in which corporatist can Lobby
and control things so I think we need to
be even more sophisticated than just
talking about voting voting is obviously
essential and important but beyond
voting we need social movements and
senator Sanders has talked a lot about
this building a social movement he's
used the word political revolution and
there are examples of this color change
for example is an organization that
fought back against Alec I think in the
context of the Trayvon Martin case
what's an example with the with the
lords in Florida I can't remember the
exact legislation but they forced some
corporate corporations to abandon Alec
as a risk boycott so we have other
examples parkland to youth the young
people in parkland right now their
efforts in trying to organize and
mobilize black lives matter
they've done a whole lot to bring
attention to Occupy Wall Street I mean
there are plenty other ones I'm grateful
for the young people that have the
courage to get out there and advocate
for my rights in a way that I didn't do
in my generation so often times we we
denigrate young people they're doing
things that my generation didn't do the
previous generation before mine actually
did it and I give props to them as well
with civil rights and all types of
political activism but these young
people are spot on and I hope they save
us and Bernie
also the the me too and the time's up
yeah the uprising of women right now as
part of this and you think about this
think about this date nearly 70 percent
of this country now is either between
the ages of 18 and 35 people of color or
women or combination of the three that's
between two-thirds and 70% of the entire
country right now that's the way and
this is the way we're going to fight
this oligarchy this is the way we're
going to do this because it's because we
are the power here and and we were you
know talking earlier about the people
don't vote the largest political party
in America right now is the non voters
party 100 million plus strong 66 million
voted for Hillary 63 million for Trump
100 million and they are Bernie you said
this many times they're not not voting
because they're apathetic or they're
lazy or they're stupid but it's actually
an act of civil disobedience to them
that they refuse
participate in this and what I do and if
any of you are watching this at home and
you haven't voted because you feel the
system has given up on you and that
there's just not worth it anymore first
of all I embrace you I honor you for
your courage because you rub this
country and you've decided that as much
as I love this country I refuse to
participate in this rigged system where
it's bought and paid for by Alec and all
these other corporations but what we
have to do now because in November in
order to stop the madness that's going
on right now that's only going to don't
go and tell people you've got a vote
you'd better vote well they're not going
to vote unless we give them a reason to
vote unless we put
thank you you know I think for the
corporate lobbies the big problem for
them is that although they have
tremendous amount of power the majority
of people don't agree with their
platform this is the big problem for
them is how do they pursue an agenda
that makes the economy get more unequal
that makes life yet harder for the
majority people and not provoke a
backlash a marketing challenge partly
they do it by voter suppression by
making it impossible for millions of
people to vote partly they do it by
making it illegal for cities and
counties to vote for a higher minimum
wage or sick leave but I think they're
also trying to get all of us to lower
our expectations of what we think we
have a right to demand either of the
government of citizens or of our job as
workers so we if I come to feel like my
daughter's in the class with 35 kids but
at least it's not 40 I don't have
comprehensive health insurance I only
have catastrophic but so far I'm not
sick I don't have any paid vacation but
I'll have time off between this job and
the next the more we ratchet down what
we think we have a right to demand it
normalizes the experience of downward
mobility and makes things safe for them
and that's why I think the demand for
free for a free healthcare the demand
for free higher education is so
important because it raises our sights
back up and reminds people of what we
have a right to do exactly and the point
I've said it a hundred times it's not
good enough to rant and rave against
Trump's outrageous statements every
other day we got into more we got to
have a vision for this country as to
where we are going to go and the vision
that all of us are talking about I know
we get criticized we're too radical
we're too extreme you know what all of
the stuff that we're talking about
exists in other countries around the
world I think you can watch television
to the cows come up we say that in
Vermont I don't know other people say it
and you will not know that the United
States is the only major country on
earth not to guarantee health care to
all people we have thousands of kids
going to Germany for higher education
why because they get it free in Germany
you talk to the German ambassador break
at 3040 days of paid vacation every
single year the average American
wouldn't even believe you when we got
tens of millions of people who take
notification at all so our job is to
have a vision as to where we can go and
get candidates who are prepared to stand
up and fight for that vision yes
and by the way Bernie so the young
people were watching for watching this
at home young people what he just said
you literally can move to Germany
Finland there's a number of countries
that feel so bad for us they have they
have structured enough classes in
English you can move to Germany and go
to school four years of college for free
I'm not making this up
check this out it's just this is so sad
Bernie that we have to even mention this
to our own people should be able to do
that here in this country I mean it is
more than said and I say this as as
someone whose dad came to this country
at the age of 17 without indical in his
pocket and was the proudest American
that ever existed you know he loved the
country but there is something very
wrong what as Michael says young people
have got to go to Germany in order to
get a higher education there's something
wrong when people have got to go across
the Canadian water to get affordable
prescription drugs there's something
wrong when in the greatest nation in the
history of the world the most wealthy
nation our our infrastructure is
collapsing and we've got 40 million
people living in poverty so I want to
throw it to Elizabeth and to Michael and
to Derek Canada some up and that is
where do we go from here how do we bring
millions of people many of whom as
Michael indicated have given up how do
we reanalyze those people how do we get
them to stand up for the things that
every American is entitled to how do we
successfully take on the incredible
greed of this 1% that wants it all is
prepared to step on everybody in their
way so Elizabeth let me throw with you
and we'll just okay so let me start with
one and that is you got to have
something to get out there and fight for
we really want to boost productivity in
this country we want to create more
opportunity how about if we have
childcare available at a lower cost
I'm just on this one I start there
because it speaks to just kind of who we
are what we value in this country we
have a whole lot of folks who get cut
out of opportunities in education cut
out of opportunities and work because
they have children and they're
struggling to try to make the pieces fit
together that was true two generations
ago three generations ago when women
were first entering the workforce in big
numbers
we watched productivity go up in this
country this country got richer because
more parents were able to go to work but
the problem was they couldn't manage the
cost of child care child care in this
country I mentioned it earlier has gone
up the cost the adjusted cost housing
has gone up what is it 50% 80% health
care has gone up the cost but the cost
of child care is up by a thousand
percent families just can't do this so I
see this as somebody who was a young
mother herself who struggled with
childcare who almost gave up on school
who almost gave up on my first big job
because of question I couldn't get
childcare I see this is just one of
those things to say get out and fight
for it
this is a decision we can make let me
interrupt you and ask you this sounds
like a really radical idea I know all
right
we had the German ambassador come in to
Burlington Vermont somebody asked about
triopia every is I understand that every
child in Germany one year or older free
childhood not a radical idea but
something absolutely imperative and
necessary all right let me go to Michael
Mike final parting words yes Oh first of
all thank you Bernie for sponsoring this
Town Hall
and thank you Bernie and Senator Warren
for being my co-stars in capitalism a
love story that's right when somebody
told me that there was this professor at
Harvard and somebody had told Kubrick
that there was a professor at Harvard
his name was Henry Kissinger he based
dr. Strangelove on him all those years
later we found you at Harvard and I
think hopefully did better I hope but
but I want to say that I want to say
this in closing and what I what I think
we can do 15 years ago tonight our
country invaded Iraq 15 years ago
tonight we invaded a country that did
not bring down the World Trade Center a
country that I've killed had not killed
any Americans we're sitting in the
building that approved this most before
29 Democratic US senators voted to give
President Bush more powers to invade
Iraq 15 years ago tonight this is why I
started tonight talking about this and I
want to close by saying it's so
important that we hold the people that
say that therefore the people hold their
feet to the fire and if they're not
going to do the job we send them here to
do but let's get somebody else it's
and I just I am optimistic I have a
threat of optimism still in me I believe
that that we will in November see a
tsunami of people coming to the polls
and after that I hope that you both of
you and the other senators do their job
we have a Democrat running in my
district in Michigan right now to unseat
the Republican and I want to hear him
speak and the first words out of his
mouth were after after he said that he
was for single-payer health care and all
these other good things and he is a Iraq
veteran he said I want you to know that
in this election
you are not electing a member to the
House of Representatives you are
electing the jury for the impeachment of
Donald J Trump never forget that over
these next few months gone with any mind
with that in mind it's it's an
imperative of all of us but I want to
make this very clear and it's something
that Bernie said earlier the greater
vision that we have to lead with here if
we just get rid of trunk and we just go
back to the day before Trump how are
things then senator Warren and senator
Sanders with our health care with our
job situation with poverty I don't want
to go back to that day we've got to move
forward and we have to provide that
vision and that leadership to make that
happen I want on I want to I want to
repeat for the third time Derrick's wine
because it's so important that people
understand this 44 percent of all
homeless people work have a job the next
time that you see a homeless person
don't make an assumption in fact the
next time you see a worker don't make
the assumption that they have a roof
over their heads when you hear about
working class the working class the
working class put in Trump and they talk
about it as that what they mean is the
white working-class women are still paid
30 cents less on the dollar than men
women are the working class of America
African Americans and Hispanic people
are the working class of America this is
the majority of this country with this
majority we can make change happen but
it's only going to happen if each of us
does it each of you watching at home in
your communities when I was in West
Virginia last week a group of people are
working there they're going to their
County Democratic meetings and if the
Democrats aren't doing what they're
supposed to be doing they are in the
process of taking over their local
democratic parties do that go to your
next democratic party meeting one people
that you believe in we can make this
change happen don't think it's going to
happen on its own and god bless you both
of you for being so rule number one is
never closed after Michael Moore
ultimately we need a paradigm shift as
you heard today the problems are more
political than economic we need to stop
trying to stop exploiting extracting and
managing economic vulnerable people but
rather give them the resources so that
they can be self-determining and achieve
the goals that they define for
themselves and and be empowered that's
what we need to do in terms of a shift
in terms of policies I'm going to give
you a list and then they're both
policies the problems are bold and I
think the problems need the solutions
need to be bold so we have vast wealth
inequality in our country why don't we
endow every child at birth with a trust
account so that when they become a young
adult they have some seed capital to
purchase a home to start a business or
have a debt-free college education
people ask me can we afford it certainly
we can afford it that the the baby bonds
program would cost about 80 billion
dollars that's about one-fifth or less
than one-fifth of what we currently
spend on asset promoting policies the
problem is not the dollar amount of that
five hundred billion dollar apps at that
subsidy as to whom its distributed the
the bottom 60% of earners get about 12%
of that the top 10% get about 60% of
that allocation so we can we can have
everybody have asset security we could
talk about a federal job guarantee
why don't we remove the threat of
unemployment altogether why don't we
eliminate working poverty altogether
why don't we empower workers so today
better able to bargain in their current
jobs without that threat of being
destitute from from being an unemployed
don't we professionalized care work
Elizabeth Warren talked about care work
professionalized
give it the dignity of a wage as well as
some benefit and as well as the quality
that comes along with a government
program that ensures everybody has
quality care we could federalize credit
scores for instance should we have
something so determinate in people's
lives left in the proprietary private
sector that has different incentives
postal banking so that we ensure
everybody has it everybody has a bank
account everybody has access to some
finance without relying on a predatory
payday lending or or or other other
forms of predation that might come about
from people that are vulnerable but in
this context of economic and expense
volatility need some short-term cash to
hold themselves over why don't we be
proactive in detecting discrimination
why doesn't the EEOC proactively go out
in audit firms that receive federal
dollars to see if they determine ating
why don't we eliminate tracking in grade
school all together we talk about school
integration we have segregated schools
we have segregation within school while
all the black kids in the low track
schools that and the white kids are in
the high track schools it's certainly
not ability we can integrate these
classes and provide everybody with
quality access to schooling I know I'm
running out of time single-payer health
insurance is obvious stop mass
incarceration and I'm going to end on
something we know we have a divided
economy with with the resources unevenly
distributed we also know that when we
think about race it becomes apartheid
light so if we really want to address
our race problem I'm going to say
something bold but America needs to come
to reckoning with this we can address we
can redress inequality and we have lots
of programs to do so but if we really
want to address the race problem they
need to be acknowledgment to go along
with that redress senator Warren talked
about ways in which even beyond slavery
that we positioned one group of people
better off to grow
their assets where other people were
denied access to that so to really get
beyond our race problem when we're ready
as a nation to come together we need to
come to grips with reparations
we have on a little bit long but I think
it was worth it
and I want to thank these three great
panelists and I think it is fair to say
that in the last hour and a half or so
we have discussed more issues of vital
importance to the American people than
has ever been seen on a television
screen in the history of this country I
wanna end on an optimistic note because
I share the optimism of all of the
panelists here and that is yes these are
difficult and unprecedented times in the
history of our country no question about
that but what we are seeing all over
this country is people standing up and
fighting back we're seeing people young
people people of color women running for
office for the first time and winning
we're seeing voter turnout going up not
down so our job is to have a vision is
to rally the American people to reclaim
our democracy and to create a government
not a radical idea a government that
works for us and not the 1% in wealthy
campaign contributors thank you all very
much
