Andrew McCabe has just been fired this
is the most political firing ever so let
me explain he was acting director of the
FBI after James Comey was fired by
Donald Trump so that's two directors in
a row in a sense that Donald Trump is
fired because they won't end in Special
Counsel investigation of him McCabe is
more specific I'll get to that in a
second but you the funniest part and the
most obvious and brazen part is they
fired McCabe because they claimed that
he lacked candor under oath the guy who
wrote that statement is Jeff Sessions
the Attorney General who lied under oath
during his confirmation proceedings
that's funny enough but then the second
part is that they said he lied under
oath about a story that he talked to the
press about what was the story well that
was a story where Andrew became
clarified that he did an investigation
of the Clinton Foundation now is the
Trump administration telling us that
they're so offended that McCabe was
investigating the Clinton Foundation
that they were outraged that he would
not be forthcoming about that
investigation and they had to protect
the Valor of Hillary Clinton
how much more brazen do you have to be
of course they wanted him investigated
the Clinton Foundation and then to
pretend that Oh Oh golly gee but as we
were looking into that we found out that
he might not have said something quite
right to the investigators so why are
they actually doing it they're doing it
to ruin his credibility because he's
gonna be a witness for James Comey
because James Comey record a
conversation he had with Donald Trump
about how Donald Trump wanted an
interfere in the investigation McCabe
was gonna back that up so even though he
was set to retire on Sunday and get his
benefits they decided that they would
fire him now if it appears to be the
most gratuitous fiery of all time just
to be hateful and spiteful Donald Trump
had been attacking McCabe all along but
it actually is
about spite or doing it just out of
gratuitous anger towards mccabe it is in
fact to be able to say in court later
you can't trust McCabe on this issue of
obstruction of justice in the Donald
Trump Russia case I mean we fired a guy
for being a liar that's why they fired
him even though he was already leaving
they're the worst of the worst it's the
most political firing and the most
obvious firing that I have ever seen
okay okay I just love the idea that
Trump talks to sessions and he's like
look did you hear that Hillary Clinton
and you busted forthcoming about it I'm
all broken up beside sessions and Trump
worried about someone else not telling
the truth that's hilarious
this is purely political
