a Pennsylvania University of
Pennsylvania law professor has been
published punished for her statements
about black students she said originally
penned an op-ed which drew some
controversy she went on a raid era she
Skyped into a talk show to kind of
clarify her remarks here is what she
said I I don't think I've ever seen a
black student graduate in the top
quarter of the class and rarely rarely
in the top half I can think of one or
two students who scored in the top half
in my required first year course well
what are we supposed to do about that
that you're really you're you're putting
in front of this person a real uphill
battle and if they were better matched
it might be a better environment for
them that's the mismatch hypothesis of
course we're not saying this shouldn't
go to college we're not saying that do
you have some of them should do you have
a racial diversity mandate for long
review appointments at Penn yes yes so
you're telling me that students of color
who have served on Law Review are pretty
much in the bottom half of their law
classes that okay I I would have to what
I know I mean I haven't done a survey I
have attend a systematic study I'm
talking about the honors I have a big
you know the class of 89 95 students
every year so I see a big chunk of
students every year and I so I'm going
on that because a lot of this data is of
course of closely guarded secret as you
can imagine so what was the fallout of
that according to Washington Post Amy
whacks the tenured professor in question
will continue to teach electives in her
areas of expertise but will be removed
from teaching first-year curriculum
courses implying she would no longer be
teaching required courses for all
students to take this kind of confuses
me
because you know that what she said
might suck but first of all whatever
stats cuz I think she provided some
stats in the story that they were they
were trying to figure out whether they
were correct or not if
he's just providing stats what what's
the pressure are we shooting the
messenger no no so that's a great
question
because I actually in the beginning
thought the same thing when I I remember
reading the headline yesterday actually
going well it totally depends so it
depends on if she's saying look I think
that that african-american students are
not finishing the top half of the class
and I think we should find ways to fix
that ran right exactly and so here is
some of the issues and here's maybe more
help we can get
not just necessarily even for
african-american students but for
students who came from a poor
socio-economic background who have some
catching up to do rather to the kids who
went to private schools etc etc so I was
really looking forward to reading to
seeing which one it is but Gina in her
case it doesn't look like that's racial
she went so so let me explain why first
of all it's note the irony her she's
still going to teach classes in her area
of expertise which is social welfare law
and policy okay I'm not sure that now
that I read totally into her background
I'm not sure she cares a lot about that
or if she does she's got a curious way
of showing it so she said that and by
the way there's another comment that
could start out as an interesting topic
especially in a campus to have
discussion around she said all cultures
are not equal I actually agree with that
and I've we've talked a lot about on on
this show but if you mean actual
cultures and portions of cultures as
opposed to races right and and now to be
fair to her she and will see if you
think this is fair or not because I'm
just gonna quote her she says that
there's positive cultures of some
working class whites rap quote rap
culture of inner-city blacks and anti
assimilation ideas among Hispanic
immigrants that are destructive to
American democracy and now so it seems
like she's got an issue with poor people
overall okay and in fact she says that
we should return to the 1950s postured
as a quote 1950s posture of celebrating
bourgeois culture yeah so as she said
that over and over again she's like
bourgeois culture is great like okay but
can
we give poor folks an opportunity to
reach it right so that's a different
conversation but she didn't leave it at
that
she also talked about how academics the
media in Hollywood have two real quote
relinquish multicultural grievance
polemics so meaning like oh the
minorities that are complaining should
basically shut up about it and she went
on to say that that every quote everyone
wants to go to countries ruled by white
Europeans and quote I don't shrink from
the word superior so when you say you're
for supremacy you can't blame people for
saying you're for supremacy there's a
different word for that - it's called
racist so now I don't look racist as a
super loaded word I wish she was a more
nuanced intellectual that could engage
in an interesting conversation rather
than why people are awesome don't you
want to go to their countries and
they're superior to you and there are
more nuanced intellectuals and academics
who have pointed to the racial
disparities in law school outcomes and
one of those was a black professor at
Yale who named Richard Brooks who called
it a real and serious problem but he
also called on educators to be involved
in finding the solutions and I think
that's part of what you were saying you
know when you have a teacher like this
who is making these kinds of comments
racial bias and grading comes to mind
and it calls into question her
credibility as a professor whether or
not she can she can fully do that fairly
also you know socio-economic situations
that might put certain minority students
at a disadvantage and we know that the
the debt balance the the debt it affects
minority students differently than it
affects white students and also there's
the issue of social capital and minority
students not having role models in their
lives who can walk them through some of
the challenges of law school and show
them what the image of a successful
lawyer or someone who works in a legal
profession looks like so I think she's
it's just a way of like oversimplifying
which which is what people like her
provocateurs on the far right love to do
someone
line compared her to an Ann Coulter
which of the of the academic world which
I think was pretty appropriate yeah
later on in the interview she does go
through like the kinds of situations in
schools that she would endorse and she
endorses one thing that gets closer to
like you know changing it how comes to
make people more equal and it's no
excuses schools which is like I I
wouldn't do well there
well it's no excuses and it's the kind
of schools and I reading I've just been
reading up on this and I haven't been to
any of these schools so just the but I
did find an op-ed from someone at the
Education School at the University of
Pennsylvania that said there is no
excuse for no excuses schools and it's
the kind of schools where like kids have
a lanyard around their neck with a card
on it so that teachers who think that
those kids are acting poorly can go up
and just write a demerit on your card it
says that from the more the time the
kids wake up to the time they go to
sleep their jet their behavior is being
judged and the criticism from this
person at the Education Institute or the
education department at the University
of Pennsylvania said it immediately
treats kids at those schools as less
than as criminals someone who are their
inmates they're their inmates from the
moment they wake up to the moment they
go to sleep and people like Amy wax
would say well it gives them structure
and you just see everywhere she starts
talking about it that structure she's
made she goes structure because they're
black because they're Latino because
they won't and she says this explicitly
in the editorial that Jake was talking
about they won't assimilate to American
culture and their families are broken
these are assumptions that she makes and
something that the Dean of Students
himself even brought up if we go to
graphic number 35 he said black students
assigned to her class in their first
week at Penn law may reasonably wonder
whether their professor has already come
to a conclusion about their presence
performance and potential for success in
law school and thereafter and if we go
to the previous graphic he said I just
want to clarify something it is
imperative for me as Dean to state that
these claims themselves the statistics
she seems to be citing are false black
students have graduated in the
the class at Penn law and contrary to
any suggestion otherwise black students
at Penn law are extremely successful
both inside and outside the classroom in
the job market and in their careers well
I want to say one other thing in that's
factual again to Gina's point if if she
just stated facts well then and then had
an interesting conversation around it
that's fruitful that's productive that's
interesting right but she'd even get her
facts right so when she said in that
little snippet that we saw that that
there is a diversity requirement for
Penn law review the Dean came and said
no there isn't she just made that up no
there's only the people who score at the
top make it into the Law Review so it's
just not true she mentions also in that
it's an hour-long interview which is
fascinating you should watch it if you
like you know Matt is masochism anyways
she goes into this prevalence of
identity politics and a lot of people
have mentioned that in the recent
election identity politics is like a hot
button issue but she thinks that
identity politics fetishizes resources
and when it comes down to it the people
who are talking about the identity
politics she's mentioning they're just
identifying problems there she who
doesn't want to identify the actual
problems and the causes and how to fix
them she just always seems to funnel
things back into this like don't ask
what we can do to help you help yourself
ethos that just is bastardized in so
many ways by white supremacists
everywhere do you do you believe just to
sort of keep this like super accountable
and has been has called me before
willfully obtuse which I appreciated do
you believe she's a white supremacist
yeah I mean by the definition of it I
believe she's a white supremacist
because immigrant we I mean it's been in
the news many times i'ma gonna show you
go to Germany they do go to do there's
there's academics like that's an
academic thing and I know academics
teachers professors are been doing it
for 50 years who always seem who are
like well here are the statistics and
some of them just leave them as
statistics the others just pull
everything toward this theory they've
been working on for 40 years this book
they've been writing for 40 years and
that's the lens through which they've
been taught to see every
and it's at work in the previous story
we talked about like people in Arkansas
pull it toward the lens where they
typically see things and and if you and
it's a shame in academics because in
academics you're supposed to be looking
at the facts right and letting that
drive the discussion so III want to make
a couple points about what Gina said
because it's an interesting point so
she's like oh well people are going away
European countries like immigration but
that's a economic shoe so for example
there's a lot of immigrants that come to
Turkey I use turkey as an example from
time to time because I'm a Turkish
marriage and and they there's immigrants
from the Middle East and the immigrants
from Central Asia they come because they
think Turks are the superior race they
really know what they're doing
right I'm sure Turks think that but
that's not why they come because turkey
is slightly better off economically than
the countries they came from and they
could make it to Turkey and they're like
okay great and so and that's why they
come it doesn't have to do with race etc
and so now Lori go real back in the
history as to why the the European
countries are better off economically
and so is Japan for example it's partly
because of the rating culture they rated
the southern hemisphere took a lot of
the money again not related to race so
to Japan right and and you know sort of
the Mongols they were known for raiding
and for the moment being the Mongols
were incredibly rich when they took over
all those areas etc and so that is part
of why people immigrate to there and to
is sheer white supremacist look at the
terms like conservatives make us call
them races from time to time by being so
goddamn races I don't wanna it's those
are load of terms and white supremacists
I know a lot of people get turned off
they hear that word and they want to run
for the hills but in her case she
literally said we were superior now you
could say hey you know what she didn't
mean white people she just met rich
people I don't like okay fine I but I
don't know that makes it that much
better in some ways it might make it
worse because she just has disdain for
anyone who isn't already wealthy and
it's just sickening so when she looks at
a white kid from Western from the
hollows of West Virginia and she thinks
yeah I'm superior
hey I those terms are tough just because
they are so loaded right now so I don't
know that I'm gonna go there but I am
gonna say that she her credibility is
absolutely called into question at this
point if you're a black student in her
class how can you trust that she is
going to treat you fairly so I think I
think the university actually handled it
pretty well and I think that they did
what they should have done I don't know
that she should be banned from campus
for you know sharing these very
controversial views because I think that
that plays into the the PlayBook that
these people on the far right want that
that's exactly what I want yeah and and
beyond that if she's tenured and tenure
is tenured and we got to stick with that
for important reasons but last thing to
challenge her facts and her view of the
world
has anyone ever tracked how heritage
I'm sorry not heritage legacy students
do in these colleges because they're
filter the room with legacy students
legacy students are their parents went
to that school so I think I said read a
study recently now 40% of Harvard
students are legacy students so that is
actually the biggest affirmative action
there is and the reason they do it is
for money if you the biggest indicator
whether you will donate to a schools if
two generations of your family have gone
to that school so it's all about
financial motivations I bet I would be
really surprised if you tracked legacy
students if they didn't way underperform
because they didn't earn their way into
that school like the other 60% of
Harvard so but nobody ever tracks that
because the assumption is rich people
are great poor people have something
wrong with their culture if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying get home like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
