genitals the deputy director of the CIA
she's now being appointed by Donald
Trump to be the lead at the CIA director
of the Central Intelligence Agency that
is problematic because she might be
arrested in Europe fascinating let's
find out more about that so law and
crime reporting here federal prosecutors
in Munich are currently reviewing a
request to issue an arrest warrant for
Gena Haspel president Donald Trump's
recently named director of the Central
Intelligence Agency why let's explain On
June 6 2017 European Center for
Constitutional and human rights in ishi
ated a request for legal action against
Haspel by filing an intervention with
the German federal public prosecutor the
foremost law enforcement authority in
the Federal Republic of Germany so this
was back when she was named deputy
director and that is when we found out
the extent of a role in torturing people
under the name of America and that is
illegal it's illegal under international
law as well as domestic law as I'll
explain here in a second but since this
is a situation that concerns
international law like well she clearly
broken so that's why we'd have to arrest
her let's give you more details the EC
CH ours request that's again the
constitutional human rights in Europe of
the European Convention on Human Rights
article 3 it's an alleged violation of
that this article prohibits torture and
inhuman or degrading treatment or
punishment there are no recognized
exceptions or limitations on the right
not to be subject to torture under this
section what they're saying there is you
don't get to say yeah I torture someone
but I there's an exception because I was
with the CIA and the CIA's a lot of
torture people no there are no
exceptions the CIA is not allowed to
break the law and they're not allowed to
torture people
so as wolfgang calloc explains the
general secretary of the group those who
commit order or allowed torture should
be brought before court this is
especially true for senior officials
from powerful nations the prosecutor
must under the principle of universal
jurisdiction open investigations secure
evidence and seek an arrest warrant if
the deputy director travels to Germany
or Europe she must be arrested so that
I'm asking
is continuing and so they have not
issued an arrest warrant yet but they
they might well indeed now if she was
wanted on a charge of mugging she
accosted someone in the streets of
Munich and took eighty bucks out of
their wallet and there was an arrest
warrant but we would have to honor that
arrest warrant that's outrageous he
can't have a head of the CIA that does
muggings and but torture is a much
greater violation of the law then a
mugging for 80 bucks so what the
Europeans are doing here is insistent
insisting on following the law which I
know must be strange for the CIA so but
let's find out what she did from 2002 to
2005 Haspel was an active participant in
the CIA's extraordinary rendition
program the term extraordinary rendition
is a soft euphemism for the CIA's
illegal kidnapping and torture program
administered at so-called CIA black
sites a series of off-the-books prisons
where CIA agents in assets regularly
allegedly tortured detainees over the
course of several years these charges
are about torture because it's that's
international law as well as domestic
law what they don't talk about in the in
the context of this story is why it's
allegedly tortured
that's because Gina Hass will also
destroy the tapes we had taped the
torture hospitals signature is on the
document saying burn the evidence which
is deeply illegal here in the United
States of America but if people in power
do it apparently it doesn't count if you
destroy evidence in a case you're in a
world of trouble somebody in power does
it now and whatever
another day at the CIA let's move on in
fact let's not move on let's promote her
to deputy director and now to director
anyone who votes for her confirmation is
saying I wholly approve of torture and
burning evidence and has no leg to stand
on when anyone else does it in courts or
they're just raising their hand and
going I believe in a two-tier justice
system where the powerful and the elites
get to break the law non-stop and the
rest of the country has to follow
rules because there rules that that are
not meant for justice there are rules
that are just meant to keep you down and
in your place so by the way if you
noticed dobhan administration basically
as complicit as the Bush administration
of the Trump administration here in some
ways worse yes Bush did the torture
Trump says he loves the torture and
hence promotes Haspel now to his nominee
for the CIA director but Obama's the one
that said I'm gonna make it legal I'll
get to that in a second and the guy who
reported it how dare you report what the
Bush administration did in torturing
people they put that guy in prison the
torturers got away scot-free
the guy who reported on the torture put
into prison no no the elites they're all
part of the same team ok again back to a
Colin combo current law and crime
torture is illegal under various
international pacts and treaties to
which the u.s. is bound as a state party
torture is also illegal under a US
domestic law they should all be in
prison but certainly Jena Haspel who's
on the record as running those torture
sites authorizing the torture and then
authorizing the destruction of evidence
but on April 16th of 2009 then President
Barack Obama announced blanket immunity
for any and all US officials engaged in
the Bush administration's torture
program at the time he made this
preposterous statement he said we don't
look backward we only look forward if
you don't look backward by definition
you could never ever prosecute any crime
they all happen in the past well they do
look backward if it's you the average
citizen but when it's the powerful of
men we don't look backward Oh golly gee
I guess we can't prosecute anything the
bankers you're free to go the torturers
you're free to go but Europe doesn't
have the same government as we do they
don't have the same immunity for
breaking the law as we do so I hope they
follow through on this and according to
every law in every treaty they must as a
matter of law arrests our CIA director
if she's confirmed so if she's confirmed
she goes to Europe at some point because
I can't wait to chant lock her up lock
her up what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm / join
