I have an amazing throwback clip here
for you neoconservative david frum who
of course was part of the Bush
administration tried to take on Noam
Chomsky and this looks like it's from
the 80s or the early 90s and naturally
didn't go very well for david from here
but we discussed three friends of the
president three times it's like this
what we called the morning and
constructive constructive for dad so
things like Indonesian massacres which
we supported various blood they're like
but we also discussed ones and nobody
cares about like we're running for
example we have probably the only
confession in the literature
yes of the massacres that we're going on
in Burundi at that funny
we thought it the only way to find the
time to ignore it
yes I'm not an international I do not
have it ISM which it's the principle
that we rightly expect Soviet visitors
to follow it what principle do we have
step stuck around for what lets us
you're responsible we understand we're
talking about of course
so that was brilliant
and it makes perfect sense but what's
amazing is currently in 2018 we still
haven't learned that lesson and in fact
we're doing the exact opposite when I
say we I don't mean you necessarily and
I don't mean regular people I mean us
media primarily corporate media in the
United States if you watch it's not even
hard to see see this dynamic at work so
you'll often find whether it's CNN or
Fox News or the nightly news or even
MSNBC what corporate media in the u.s.
loves to focus on are the crimes of
official US enemies you'll see endless
coverage of that so for example they'll
talk about Russia and talk about oh my
god Russia and here's why they're a
humanitarian disaster and here's what
flattery Putin is doing domestically
against his own people that's so fucked
up and here's what they're doing in
Crimea that's terrible you know North
Korea is another perfect example we love
to talk about how brutal and dictatorial
and vicious Kim jong-un is and Syria is
another example they love to talk about
how terrible Assad is and oh my god the
maskers that he's committing and the
atrocities that he's committing now
usually when they talk about those
countries much of what they say is true
much of what they say is true sometimes
they stretch the truth sometimes they're
flat-out factually incorrect sometimes
you know it's US State Department
propaganda that they fall for that's
patently untrue but it's a mix usually
there's a strong kernel of truth and
what they're talking about when they
talk about the atrocities of other
countries mixed in with some bullshit as
well but that's where their focus is
their focus is on the atrocities of
official US state enemies now what
Chomsky is saying is this you have a
moral responsibility as a citizen of the
United States of America to call out the
atrocities of your own government and
you know you and your allies your
government and its allies because those
are the ones you can actually do
something about those are the ones you
can actually stop you're responsible for
your own actions you're not
sponsible for the actions of somebody
you've never seen never met will never
see will never meet and will never know
you could make a moral judgment on
somebody else for their wrongdoings of
course you can but if all you do is cast
moral judgements on other people while
ignoring the crimes of your own
government and your own allies well
that's just textbook hypocrisy and
ultimately that's propaganda and that's
what corporate media does to you in the
United States they propagandize you and
make you think all official US state
enemies Venezuela is another one Cuba's
another one oh my god let's talk about
how terrible things are in these
countries oh my god oh my god oh my god
now when was the last time they were
shrieking from the mountaintops about
how terrible Israel is treating the
Palestinians what was the last time they
were shrieking about how horrific it is
that Saudi Arabia is bombing women and
children in Yemen they're currently
blockading the country millions of
people have cholera millions of people
are starving they're not allowing in
food in medicine they're bombing mosques
and hospitals and and open-air markets
so wells last time they were talking
about the genocide committed by our
allies and by the way we're aiding and
abetting that by helping them bomb
certain places and arming them non-stop
we keep sending them weapons so what
you'll find is when the US has a rocky
relationship with a government but it's
like a neutral relationship so say China
or because we do a lot of trade with
them even though we're not like really
buddy-buddy or the Philippines for
example we do tear Tay how we have a
rocky relationship recently well for
those countries you just don't talk
about anything really you just kind of
leave it be when it's somebody who's are
in official state enemy who there's no
middle ground there's no gray area
they're just our enemy Syria for example
shit on them endlessly talk about their
atrocities when it's an ally never talk
about their wrongdoings ever like the
bombardment of Gaza the bomb fest that
Netanyahu did in Gaza into 2014 where he
killed 80 percent civilians go back and
look at the coverage of that it was
nothing but wall to wall rationalization
and apologetics for all the war crimes
that were being committed why cuz
it's our ally so what Noam Chomsky
saying is when it's us and our allies
that's when you should have your
strongest moral judgment because you
could try to change that because it's
your government you have some control
over it now I get it it's hard to change
it and there's a lot of corruption in
our government it's hard for one voice
to be heard but you can in theory try to
change that and maybe have some effect
popular movements have affected this
government throughout time whether it's
the civil rights movement or you know
women's voting rights or whatever so
your strongest moral judgments and most
of your time should be spent trying to
stop your own government's atrocities
whether it's torture Guantanamo Bay
being open
whether it's bombing eight different
countries like we're doing right now the
illegal drone assassination program the
illegal war in Iraq and the list goes on
and on
so that's Chomsky's ethical judgment
you're responsible for your own country
and your own actions you're not
responsible for some of these actions
who you never met and never will meet so
but again you'll see that and this is
how you know it's propaganda US media
will by and large when it's an official
state enemy talk about their atrocities
all day long when it's somebody who we
have a neutral relationship with just
kind of don't touch it like doTERRA tell
you in the Philippines very rarely does
corporate media discuss how he's doing a
genocide right now and when it's
somebody who's our ally always backed
them always backed them so and by the
way what's so amazing about this clip
neoconservative david frum went on to be
part of the Bush administration care and
they carried out the worst war crime of
this century Iraq illegal offensive war
waged against country that didn't attack
us minimum 200,000 civilians killed did
torture so it's amazing that he's
arguing with Noam Chomsky and David
Fromm's point is that's you shouldn't do
what Chomsky wants you to do it's
totally fine to rail against the crimes
of you know your official state enemies
and why does he want to do that why does
he want to rail against the crimes of
official state enemies because then that
lays the groundwork for US intervention
so when all you do is talk about how
evil and terrible and wrong
these other countries are there are your
enemies well then people start going
alright well I guess you're supposed to
do something about that right I guess we
got to be the world police and go stop
them because humanitarian reasons and
stuff and things and morality bro and
that's so David Frum loves to do that
talk about the the evils of our official
state enemies so that you can make the
argument either implicitly or explicitly
oftentimes in his case for US
intervention US military intervention
and the guy who argued with Chomsky
about his moral framework ends up being
part of the administration that commits
a moral atrocity and war crimes in Iraq
that tells you everything you need to
know about who's right in this
conversation moral Noam Chomsky has been
fighting for peace and justice and
trying to rein in the atrocities of his
government his entire life David Frum
actively helped commit those atrocities
I wonder whose moral framework and whose
argument carries more weight
