so Trump sat down he announced out of
nowhere he's gonna have a summit a peace
talk a sit-down with kim jong ill that's
his name kim jeong-hoon it tells is that
yeah kim jeong-hoon we're gonna talk
about peace and getting rid of this
nuclear program now here's the thing
that people forget and i'll remind you
is that north korea has been looking to
stop their nuclear program they've been
willing to stop their nuclear program
for quite a while they've actually
offered in the obama rock obama
administration
i will will we will get rid of our
nuclear program
if you do me a favor and stop doing war
games on our peninsula stop flying b-1
bombers over our country and scaring the
hell out of us because we never know if
you guys are really invading or not and
Barack Obama said go pounce and we're
not gonna stop doing that so he's like
okay well we're gonna keep going I don't
get into trying to get a nuclear missile
because we saw what you did to Saddam
Hussein and then we saw what you did to
Qaddafi when he they both you disarmed
we saw what you guys did so that's
what's happening and so now Trump was
very bellicose to begin with and I'm
gonna but now he's gonna sit down and as
a peace negotiator which is exactly how
it's supposed to work by the way
and so here's what Rachel Maddow had to
say about that well say that last point
that Andrew is making in terms of what
the North Koreans still have to prove
with various tests and everything I mean
it has been the dream of North Korean
leaders for decades now that they would
advance their missile programs and there
were nuclear programs so much so that
the United States would be forced to
acknowledge them as an equal and to meet
with North Korean leader one on one with
the US president they they got there
with this president and I'm not sure I'm
not I don't know whether or not the
administration intended it to be that
kind of a gift it's just a remarkable
time to be covering this stuff it's a
Margaery Barca bill time to be
misreporting stuff like I am Bruce Smith
isn't it great that's what she should
have said because that's what she's
doing she's literally attacking Trump
from the right saying oh my god he
doesn't want to go to war with North
Korea I bet you it's because Putin said
so this is just uh this is war mongering
these are lefties
warmongering the guys having a peace
negotiation and you're like this is a
gift you know you sound like Rachel
Maddow it sounds like John Bolton
remember when John Bolton what was in
our with the White House in the
administration with George Bush and Dick
Cheney and they would never their whole
thing is we're never gonna talk to our
enemies unless they first meet our
preconditions no the reason why you have
talks is so you can talk about the
conditions and so that whole thing is
we're never gonna talk to our enemies
which one creates more war and so Donald
Trump now is actually like hey we got to
talk to your enemies and so he's and
here's Rachel Maddow she acting like
John Bolton
that's how despicable the MSNBC slide
has become they're now advocating for
more muscular response with North Korea
so keep in mind what they did and this
isn't point out keep making you can't
say that Trump is a maniac crazy man and
shouldn't be allowed with his finger on
the nuclear button and then when he sits
down to actually have peace talks say
this guy shouldn't be having peace talks
what's he doing he's not being a maniac
yet you can't say he's a maniac who
shouldn't have his finger on the button
and then give him an extra eighty
billion dollars in buttons you can't do
that you can't also say he's a maniac
who's working as a spa he's a Manchurian
Candidate working for Putin and then
give him expanded spying powers on his
own enemies here in the United States so
what Rachel Maddow just did is one of
two things one she's legitimately out of
her mind to she's doing the beating of
the deep state because she's paid to do
it by Comcast she's doing the beating of
the establishment she's if she's not out
of her mind
what she's doing is criminal telling a
madman like Donald Trump that he needs
to Ratchet it up with North Korea and so
and making it sound like he's sometimes
he's some kind of been duped that he's
gonna get a have a peace negotiation
what do you think about that Steve well
I'm a different take and maybe I have a
much gentler take than that I think what
she's really doing is this pure
partisanship nonsense
cable news
garbage because when barack obama was
willing to meet with Kim jong-un and and
and the leaders of Iran all of that the
left MSNBC applauded him and said it was
great and Sean Hannity and Fox News like
see it just shows you how weak yes he's
terrible and now it's totally flipped
we're now MSNBC saying I can't believe
Trump's gonna meet with North Korea just
how terrible he isn't stupid is a
blunder and Sean Hannity saying no show
it's just show she's a great leader
right so both sides have completely
flipped based on you know which team
team made it is that's doing the
negotiations with the bad guys so that's
how I see it I mean I I mean there might
be more to it as you as your alleged but
I'm just looking at it as plain as day
to me this just partisan gamesmanship so
you don't so you don't think that it's
even a tiny bit of a bombshell that
Rachel Maddow is this has become just as
despicable as Sean Hannity and covering
foreign policy yes I think that is
despicable that part I agree with you
yeah I hold Rachel to a much higher side
of that than Sean Hannity now she's
clearly smarter than him so she that's
why she should know you should know
better and she should do better so like
this constant like no one hears a fan of
Trump but constantly bashing Trump no
matter what he does is exactly what the
right-wing did to Obama no matter what
he does right they were just bashing no
matter what so III don't like that game
at all I like to look at issue by issue
so on the issue of North Koreans why
what I prefer that Trump negotiate with
them talk to him versus making his
ridiculous threats on Twitter of course
I prefer the the more conciliatory
negotiating at top you never know what
happens we have a conversation it might
it might he might unwittingly do
something great
I'd rather given that chance to do that
rather than say you know what I'm gonna
pose you every step of the way because
you're on the opposite side of the
political spectrum are you sick and
tired of corporate Democrats as much as
we are and you think we can have what
the rest of the world has and come watch
the aggressive progresses with us on The
Young Turks Network
