the history of these economic
corporations seizing you know the sugar
domino sugar for instance is the company
that comes to mind now we're at a space
where there's no taxation without
representation so you already had a debt
crisis and vultures were swooping in and
now there's another disaster that
adulterers are still sweeping here's to
it man we have been following some of
the folks who are there looking for
economic opportunity and some might be
offering some humanitarian aid and you
know small dollars for them those are
billionaires but they're pretty open
about being there because they they
don't have to pay taxes and they see a
quite a few Puerto Ricans fleeing the
island and going to the mainland and an
opportunity to buy up one of those -
what is it one out of a for the Ricans
is foreclosed on their homes and there's
there's foreclosure is a real issue and
and and then one way up and handling and
part of the meetings that we had here at
the forum was how do we connect with
those that are socially responsible and
that really want to ensure that a fair
economy is what emerges from this but
500,000 were tokens are estimated to
have left Puerto Rico to the United
States 500 500 millionaires have moved
into Puerto Rico 500 thousand people
have fled
500 millionaires have moved to Porto
since well no 500,000 since September
and and and 500 millionaires since about
three years ago when the government that
was the party that that I'm in was in
power started using a tool that was put
forth by the prior government who is
from the same party that is in power now
that says that millionaires don't pay
a lot of the Texas they pay most of them
pay Sara taxes but I know a few of those
that are socially responsible and that
are ensuring that they do things and
move towards green energy and that
they're assuring that they do low-income
housing and they are not making a kill
and so you know it it isn't having money
that makes you being socially
unconscious or conscious it is who you
are as a person but unfortunately we're
getting more of our share of those that
just want to see us as a personal
playground the other day I got some one
of them wrote from the Bitcoin thing
that that said owe me or stop saying
that there's no electricity in Puerto
Rico and let's just move forward and you
know I'm here to buy up a lot of real
estate in San Juan and I said and we're
here to make sure you respect their loss
so when you feel empowered to to just
you know throw your billions around well
I don't care if you do that as long as
you respect the law as long as we don't
sacrifice or natural resources and as
long as we ensure that we are doing what
is best for the great scheme of things
not let's do a killing and which is
which is what which is why it's so
painful what the governor is doing right
now with prepa you know there's still
about 20% of people coming to the six
months without any power and I love the
word in English because it's without any
power at me we'll call it a lick pretty
see that no we don't call it pull they
start a trend you could switch it yeah
that's right but but what he's doing is
he's using the pain and agony and
anguish of these people to say oh if we
privatize it it will be better well
really when is that worked the results
are in have you been to Detroit near
Buffalo look at Katrina right now with a
school system oh if you're privatize it
then charter schools it will be better
well no for those of my compatriots that
say look if Puerto Rico was a state
everything would have been done like
this I say Katrina that's the one word
to say and then we've made our own
mistakes and we have to own up to them
the Puerto Rican government gave the
white fish contract which was ludicrous
133 and a million dollar contract for
two people in Montana whose prior
experience was a million dollar that was
the the Paramount experience that they
have a hundred and thirty million dollar
contracts for roofing for another very
small company but FEMA has done bad also
they gave a more than a hundred million
dollar contract to one woman to deliver
50 million meals 1 million meals in
Puerto Rico and only 50 thousand were
delivered now I asked the American
public when Watergate happened that the
American people say now let's go to the
tater shed because democracy and didn't
go so well no you know just because
someone screws up something you don't
imposed challenges that are you know
weakening democracy and and that's what
is happening all over
