so the economic crash happened in 2008
it would the banks were taking wild
risks with derivatives they did had too
much leverage and when their bets went
wrong as particularly on the housing
market they didn't have enough money to
cover those bets so they all collapsed
and of course the American taxpayer had
to bail them out well
the Obama administration came in and did
fairly weak regulations dodd-frank but
at least it had some positive parts
about keeping leverage in check not
nearly to degree that I think is prudent
and I think it's already teetering on
the edge as we speak and I'm not the
only one of the things that a lot of top
economists and in business men are
worried and they're giving warnings
about can't be careful about the markets
because again the banks are over
leveraged so what does Congress decide
to do oh I got a great idea why don't we
let the banks run wild again now they
say there's no bipartisanship in
Congress but I tell you that that's not
true all right I tell you all the time
and we have bipartisan deals all the
time and we have another one as long as
somebody's paying for and in this case
the banks have stepped up to the plate
and they have bought a sufficient number
of Republicans in fact all of them John
McCain was absent from the vote but
every other Republican voted for it and
16 Democrats yeah easily pass a bill to
deregulate the banks and let them take
more risks oh boy
so let's go to the Los Angeles Times
here to explain nearly eight years after
Congress dramatically toughened banking
regulations after the financial crisis
the Senate took a rare bipartisan step
and voted Wednesday to ease some rules
on small and mid-sized banks but larger
banks also got some breaks in the
legislation and that's very important
I'll explain those breaks for you in a
second that's probably what's going to
crash the economy again but it does
drive me crazy whenever they say there's
a rare bipartisanship understand how
this shell game is played when the
donors agree you will have
bipartisanship it will almost never be
in favor of the American citizens they
will be in favor of whatever the private
interests that financed those elections
are we
now private financing so of course they
always agree that the those financed
ears should get whatever they want
including banking deregulation in this
case the reason we have gridlock on all
the other issues is because the donors
don't want any action on those issues so
for example the gun manufacturers don't
want you to have pass any legislation
about guns right now it's the wild wild
west they sell more guns so you get
gridlock but that gridlock is also
bought by the donors so there's terrific
consistency here and unfortunately a lot
of the reporters miss it completely and
but that's okay we're here to give
context and in analysis so let's talk
about the Democrats down a group of
moderate Democrats several of whom face
reelection this fall in states handily
won by a president Trump join with
Republicans in voting sixty-seven to 31
to enact the first major robach of the
2010 dodd-frank financial overhaul law
now also drives me crazy when I call a
moderate Democrats and I'm not trying to
beat up on the LA Times here they had a
good story I'm quoting them almost every
major print organization and certainly
everybody on TVs does the same exact
thing they call these Democrats
moderates but it's not a moderate
position to be in favor of banking
deregulation now if you showed me a poll
from red states Kansas Montana South
Carolina Alabama that said Oh Republican
voters and independent voters love big
banks or they even love mid-sized banks
and they think my god will you just take
the shackles off of the poor bankers you
show me that poll and I'll call them a
moderate
they're not moderate I know the polls
I've seen them where I just reported on
a poll from Kansas sur district 77% say
you have to get tougher on the banks
regulate them more not less the moderate
position would be to regulate the banks
not to deregulate them but whenever they
agree with the Republicans Democrats get
to be called moderates know they're
being right-wingers they're being
corrupt but they are not being centrist
because Republican voters don't like it
any better than Democratic voters that's
why Eric Cantor lost this see
in an unprecedented loss in the
primaries when he was the House Majority
Leader he lost the Dave brand who ran
against the big banks so please call
them what they actually are because they
are nowhere near moderate or centrist
okay Mike Crapo who Crapo is the senator
who sponsored this he's a Republican and
he was of course celebrating this
so-called bipartisanship he said at a
time of intense political polarization
we have proven we can work together to
get things done he's the Senate Banking
Committee Chairman well let me show you
how they work together to get things
done let me show you a list of the
Democrats who voted for this bill and
the amount of money that they have
gotten from the financial industry as
you look at this graphic oh yeah yeah
there you go
hey senator Bennet you want three point
nine million dollars from the financial
sector from 2013 to 2018 all of a sudden
voting with the Republicans yeah wonder
why I can't quite tell look all the way
down that list and all you have is
Democrats getting massive amounts of
money usually millions of dollars Warner
in Virginia getting three and a half
million dollars tester in Montana why
are banks giving 128 million dollars to
a senator from Montana and the list goes
on and on and on so you want to get
bipartisanship you should buy the
partisanship and you'll get exactly what
you paid for and those Democrats do as
they are ordered by their donors
understand that it is nothing but
corruption anyone who tells you that
it's for political reasons has never
checked a poll and doesn't know anything
about politics that position does not
test well in Montana at all if you say
it's about policy that they have
legitimate policy disagreements really
93 percent of Americans believe that the
politicians serve their donors and not
their voters when you get nearly four
million bucks from a bank or from anyone
are you likely to do what they tell you
yes we the rest of the planet realizes
that apparently except every political
reporter in the country all right now
what is president Trump's position on
this because I know he ran against the
globalists in the financial elites laugh
along with me President Trump
amended the Senate on the bill's passage
and would sign into law the White House
said what happened I thought you were
against the bankers and the globalists
and the financial elites it turns out
you were lying all along
now of course Trump voting with the
financial elites voting with the banks
and all that populist rhetoric he had in
the campaign total utter nonsense never
meant one word of it and now to the
Democrats who voted with him what
happened to the resistance I thought you
guys were all about oh my god we're
gonna resist Donald Trump we're gonna
get out of the streets and grab a
microphone and a podium and oh yeah
resist how much money did the banks give
me millions of dollars will resist them
on Friday but not today Thursday is not
resistance days Thursday is give the
bankers whatever the hell they want day
because they paid us and Donald Trump Oh
funny how that works the proofs in the
pudding is right here all right so what
does this disastrous bill do the
legislation would remove dodd-frank
mandatory stricter oversight for about
two dozen larger banks those with assets
of as much as 250 billion dollars the
bill would give the Federal Reserve
regulators more flexibility in how they
oversee large banks now less flexibility
means you must regulate them you have
certain rules that they must abide by
more flexibility means that don't worry
about it
the Federal Reserve under Donald Trump
oh I'm sure they're gonna get really
tough on the banks as long as it's
voluntary okay the bill would weaken
regulators ability to enforce fair
lending requirements by exempting 85% of
banks and credit unions from dodd-frank
data reporting requirements designed to
help identify discriminatory practices
great let's go back to discriminatory
practices and later when we crash the
economy we'll blame it on the poor and
minorities again
okay classy move now I keeps getting
worse part of the legislation could
allow JPMorgan Chase and Citibank two of
the very biggest banks in the u.s. to
hold less capital relative to their
assets undercutting one of the 2010
dodd-frank laws safety measures that's
reported by HuffPost that right there is
the most important part if if you allow
for greater leverage they will leverage
up to the maximum eventually the reason
when you leverage more you make more
money so you get all the down up sides
and you put it in your pocket you go
home you take your bonuses you get your
matches your outs all that stuff right
and then if your leverage doesn't work
out in a crashes you go back to the
American taxpayer ah man there was
nothing we could do this just kind of
happened I mean look there's cycles in
business who cannot understand it and
I'm sure that Trump and Kudlow will
figure it out so they're gonna tell you
that there was nothing they could do no
no this is it
they could have actually made sure that
they limited leverage instead they chose
not to and so they will make more money
in the short run and they will
definitely crash say in the long run but
it ain't gonna take that long the
Congressional Budget Office this is a
little icing on the cake here estimated
that the bill would add 671 million
dollars to the federal budget deficit
over the next decade funny it's how
these so-called moderates of centrists
when progresses like Bernie Sanders say
hey how about a college for all or
Medicare for all where we actually
deliver for Americans make sure that
they don't die if they have a
pre-existing condition or if their kids
have a shot at equality of opportunity
by going to college no that's not
practical that allows for the deficit it
allowed to the deficit we can't have an
American people don't want that but the
American people want you to add to the
deficit to help the big banks that's
what the American people are screaming
for in Indiana in North Dakota and
Montana where these corporate Democrats
are from they're like oh please help the
big banks please it does I don't care
about the deficit as long as this going
to the banks how do you report this
stuff with a straight face okay and then
speaking of a straight face I love this
we're back to my old friend Barney Frank
Dodd Frank is named after senator Dodd
and Congressman Frank we've interviewed
Bob Barney Frank before on the show and
and he said what do you want us to do
take note of the banker money instead of
20% yes that way you wouldn't be corrupt
instead you're a perpetual loser where
you get 20% of the banker money the
remote was you get 80% and that's how
they keep on winning what a preposterous
system anyway barney frank follows
with this preposterous quote he says
don't worry once this bill becomes law
that's the end of it oh yeah I'm sure
the Republicans will say oh you know
what you helped our banker friends but
that's thought we don't want to be
greedy or anything we'll just end it at
that and the bankers they would never be
greedy and ask for more oh wait here's
senator Patrick to me who's a Republican
from Pennsylvania well much more needs
to be done
what happened Barney Frank I thought you
had this thing figured out I think that
you said that that's the end of it the
minute that it's faster problems like
more more more more more more
deregulation more profits in the short
run privatize the profits socialize the
cost so these it's a shell game these
Democrats are paid to lose why because
the bank why does the bankers give 20%
of the Democrats so they go good for
good for you vote with me you make sure
I get everything I want and then you go
oh okay well there was nothing we can do
all we had to vote with the Republicans
Oh what could we do I guess we lost on
this one again paid to lose by the
donors all right so let me show you
those losers that are take money from
their donors so they could vote with the
Republicans and Donald Trump to help the
big banks and the mid-sized banks Tom
Carper Christopher Coons Joe Donnelly
Joe Manchin of course Bill Nelson Gary
Peters John tester Mark Warner a who's
who list of corrupt Democrats who always
vote with the donors all right let me
give you more Doug Jones I like this
part of the list Tim Kaine Maggie Hassan
Heidi Heitkamp Claire McCaskill jeanne
Shaheen debbie Stabenow Michael Bennett
wait Tim Kaine I was told by Hillary
Clinton the Tim Kaine was a champion of
the people
that he was gonna fight for progressives
Tim Kaine Tim Kaine well I do know a guy
who would fight for progressives luckily
earlier today we interviewed him Ana
Kasparian interviewed Bernie Sanders who
was very much against this bill he and a
number of progressive senators led by
Elizabeth Warren and sherrod Brown
fought back against this bill but as
usual the Democrats the majority of the
Democrats lost as they are supposed to
but
the progressives actually did fight and
it was a spirited fight and Bernie
Sanders was among those so let's listen
to him I do believe that one of the
reasons why so many Democrats turned
their backs on you know Hillary Clinton
during the past general election was
because they felt that she was too
friendly to these big banks and I think
it's fascinating that some of our
Democratic senators are not learning
anything from you know what happened I
could not agree with you more let us not
forget not for a second and I'm afraid
many of my colleagues did what that 2008
crash did to millions of workers who
lost their jobs people lost their
homeless people who've lost their life
savings and then we ended up bailing out
these guys and none of them on top were
prosecuted for illegal behavior despite
paying billions of dollars in fines for
illegal behavior so I agree with you
and I worry very much about any Democrat
who continues to be sympathetic to Wall
Street but now look of course I agree
with Bernie Sanders policy point of view
there he's clearly correct and factually
speaking that's exactly what happened
during the recession etc but it's not
about the Democrats not learning their
lesson it whether it's in terms of
policy these the deregulation leading to
crashes or politics leading to losses
when you support your donors they're
paid not to learn those lessons you see
they have a different motivation than us
we keep assuming why won't these
Democrats do the progressive thing
because you didn't pay him to do the
progressive thing the banks paid them
for deregulation and they got exactly
what they bargained for the first time
they gave to Mark Warner as an example
it was a little bit of a risk not much
of one you know where Mark Warner stands
he's gonna support the donors there's a
little bit of a risk hey mark here take
some money from the banks and do as
you're told the second time they give
the mark Warner or Tim Kaine or any of
the other people on this list that's a
return on investment hey we gave to
Senator Warner and Senator Kaine and
they were good little boys and they did
exactly as they were told
cheap
Morgan is not running a charity they're
not giving the politicians out of the
goodness of their heart they must get a
return on investment and for these
corrupt Democrats they got exactly what
they bargained for the bank's got what
they wanted the corruption that they
paid for and the Democrats got what they
wanted millions of dollars in campaign
contributions
you must go vote in primaries you must
vote in primaries if you think these
Democrats are gonna represent you you're
out of your mind
these 16 Democrats the corporate
Democrats the establishment Democrats
will always represent the people who
write the checks they will represent
their donors because that is what
they're paid to do TYT Network dot-com
sites registered it's just an easy URL
it'll be in the description box below it
takes you to a government website that
shows you where to vote how to vote how
to register how to get a mail-in ballot
please go go to that URL you'll find
your state and you must vote in
primaries and vote these bums out
otherwise you'll never be represented if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
