Donald Trump apparently met with the
Prime Minister of Canada and lie - well
that's great
and he was just in a fundraiser in
Missouri and he decided he was going to
brag about it so it was recorded we now
have the audio this is what he told his
donors about how he lied to Trudeau he's
a good just he said you know we have no
trade deficit with you we have none
Donald please nice guy good-looking guy
comes in
we have no trade temperatures very proud
because everybody else you know we're
getting killed with them so easily I
said wrong just didn't you do I didn't
even know Josh I had no idea I just
think you know because was so stupid you
know we have no trouble mister well that
case I feel different I said I don't
believe it I sent one of our guys is get
money they want to say check because I
can't believe well sir you're actually
right we have no deficit but that
doesn't include energy and timber
how would you do with 17 billion dollars
isn't cool so of course that's not true
the last part the Washington Post
reports the United States Trade
Representative says the United States
has a trade surplus with Canada okay so
it's not surprising that Donald Trump
made up the last part about us having a
deficit it's also not surprising that he
brazenly lied to the Canadian Prime
Minister by his own admission there said
I didn't know so I just made it up I
just said oh yeah we do we do we have a
trade deficit with you he laughs about
it not publicly to you guys but to his
donors his real friends remember when he
was up on stage with all the other
Republicans the primaries years ago
they're all corrupt they all take money
from the donors I know because I used to
be a donor and give them money to do
whatever I tell them to do now what's
Donald Trump doing go and kiss an ass of
the donors and when they think they're
all private in a private setting
together okay so where I lie to all the
Florida faces was great I make up stuff
by the way aren't you embarrassed at all
that you went to a meeting with the
prime minister and you had no idea we
had a deficit or surplus when that was
the topic matter at hand he doesn't do
any homework and he brags about it and
now those donors of the room laughing
yakking it up he says ah yeah we must
have had a deficit because we're all so
stupid stupid and how's that for irony
more tax cuts for me right more tax cuts
and deregulation for me right now I love
it any stupid thing you say oh you're
lying to be blah that's so great
what tax cuts more tax cuts so Trump is
embarrassed that he got caught lying so
he sense this rambling tweet this
morning he said we do have a trade
deficit with Canada as we do with almost
all countries some of that massive prime
minister Justin Trudeau of Canada a very
good guy doesn't like saying that Canada
has a surplus versus the u.s.
negotiating but they do they almost all
do and that's how I know okay office of
the United States Trade Representative
which is part of the government of
Donald Trump exports were a three
hundred and twenty two point 1 billion
imports worth three hundred and seven
point six billion the US goods and
services trade surplus with Canada was
12 and a half
billion dollars in 2016 we included the
math just in case you weren't sure it's
not true he knows it's not true we don't
have a trade deficit we have a trade
surplus with Canada small side note he's
a good guy he's a good guy he's very
good looking why is that relevant
because he judges people based on their
looks and this has been reported over
and over insiders and Trump's White
House will say oh like he didn't pick
chris Christie because he didn't like
the way he looked Oh God he thought
about Mitt Romney as Secretary of State
because he thought he was out of central
casting for Secretary of State he likes
the generals because they look good this
moron is in charge of our government
okay
speaking of which unrelated to the line
just folk a couple of other fun parts of
the fundraiser he talked about the tax
cuts that's the thing they care most
about right and now Republicans have
tested the phrase tax cuts it's not
testing well anymore it used to but it
doesn't anymore so they changed it to
tax reform because they don't want you
to think that it's taxes for the rich
which is because there's tax cuts for
the rich in fact those are the rich that
are paying for that dinner with Donald
Trump in Missouri okay but Trump doesn't
understand that because he's an idiot so
he says this instead do me a favor don't
call it tax reform it hasn't worked in
45 years
no they just changed it to hacks reform
recently used to work all the time
anyway you say you're reforming taxes
that means taxes could go up I actually
said let's call it the tax cut cut cut
plan I actually did he's not joking I
reported on that story at the time he
wanted the actual bill the legislation
in Congress to be called a tax cut cut
cut plan okay and then finally he's
talking about how China's killing us on
the trade ah they got this big surplus
with us and that's how they're powering
their economy I'll tell you that right
now okay then he says this it helped me
understand what in the world this means
and I'm like like that was a transition
China surplus then this comment it's
called a bowling ball test do you know
what that is that's where they take a
bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air
and they drop it on the hood of the car
and if the hood dents then the car
doesn't qualify well guess what
the roof debt
a little bit and they said nope this car
doesn't qualify it's horrible the way
we're treated it's horrible and
Washington Post adds it was unclear what
he was talking about yeah yeah does
anyone know what the hell this maniacs
talking about how is that related to the
trade surplus with China or your lies to
other foreign leaders this guy's in
charge of the country luckily not for
long if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
