it took until this morning for us to be
able to say for sure actually a little
bit later than the morning on the
Pacific but we can now definitively say
that Connor Lam the Democrat has beaten
the Republican Rick Ciccone in
Pennsylvania's 18th congressional
district special election was a real
nail-biter it went until very very late
today and we ended the election day with
them within a thousand votes of each
other but you can now see in this chart
the final breakdown of the vote you're
gonna see that Connor Lam is at forty
nine point eight percent of the vote -
Rick so cones forty nine point six
percent of the vote and that looks like
we're to look at it less than seven
hundred votes separating them two things
are interesting about that one is that
that is almost nothing again reminding
us that our votes do count and we need
to vote we need to organize we need to
get more people to register because in
elections like this that is so important
but secondly that is far lower than the
votes of Drew Miller libertarian who I
saw tweeted yesterday that he's on the
brink of becoming the most hated man by
Republicans in the country yeah
again we don't know that if they hadn't
voted for Drew Miller they would have
voted for exit cone but perhaps some
would have well it hard to tell because
those orders are now in a ciccone of
silence okay I'll be here all week so I
have to be I know that's the question
all of America is asking right now so
it's not a libertarian it's every time
I'm saying he tweeted that that's why I
thought it was worthy of mentioning yeah
so lessons learned here but before he
has a quick side note for me I would do
a recount and in this case I'm thrilled
that lamb won instead of sir Cohen lamb
is not very progressive so I'm not
thrilled on that count but I would much
rather have lamb than ciccone who's
famous for saying that he was Trump
before Trump was Trump so I got no
interest in that dude okay so I'm I'm
happy that very happy that lamb won but
in close elections I know it costs a
little bit of money but I never think
that it's a big deal to do or again
everybody's always like all
now that's outrageous it's not
outrageous what it's really close under
1% it should be normal it should be
standard operating procedure throughout
the country in the case of Pennsylvania
it is not yeah so they will not have a
recount Connor lamb as the congressman
so I'm happy about that today but on
another day we might not be so happy
about it yes so now that was my side in
terms of lessons learned everybody's
just going to interpret it for their own
advantage No so the establishment
Democrats here have a perfectly good
case let's just keep it real right they
say hey Ron Morris Republican lighting
Connor Lam in some ways did emphasize
that he was Pro guns
he was pro-life but he would vote
pro-choice you know kind of splitting
the baby if you will bad analogy in that
case do we do we know if that do we know
if that works I don't think it does I
don't know but today since he won and it
was a district that would Trump had won
by 20 points every establishment
Democrat in the ya-ya in Washington will
be screaming it works it works you see
just worked
yeah and I'm given the devil his due
right and I'm saying okay like they got
a case to make in the case of Connor
lamb because he ran a little bit to the
right and and and it was not a disaster
in fact it went well now so let's set
the context here Democrats overall since
Trump's election have been beating the
spread by 16 points why don't we bring
up graphic 24 while you're talking about
this all right so let's the chart let's
take a look at graphic 24 to give you a
sense of this okay and and so in in
lambs case though to give him further
credit he beat the spread by 22 points
as you see at the bottom there okay so
the average is 16 points and he beat and
he won by 22 so that's six more now
first of all let's again do a very
important side note here to say how
screwed the Republicans are those are
devastating numbers for the Republicans
it's Utah's okay but South Carolina is
in Cannes
this isn't Montana isn't what three
points again that's Alabama is in that's
crazy
so those are giant numbers against the
Republicans if those hold in the in the
midterm elections the Democrats will
pick up anywhere from I've seen
estimates from thirty to fifty seats
okay but you know thirty to forty is the
most common range they only need now
with Connor Lam winning they only need
twenty three more seats to be the
majority in the House of Representatives
so now that I just gave you the
establishment case for Connor Lam he ran
to the right on those issues on the
other hand what was when you asked
Connor Lam in you when you tracked him
well yes he said all those things but
what was the number one issue that Iran
uh protecting Social Security Medicare
and Medicaid
that's as progressive as it gets and so
now I know a lot of politicians pretend
to be progressive during an election
even Trump pretended to be progressive
on that issue and then later cut it
proposed to cut Medicare and obviously
devastated Medicaid right but Trump
would say oh I'm not like a standard
Republican I don't never touch those
things why the country especially on
those issues are overwhelmingly
progressive so the number one issue that
he ran on was was one that that we agree
with we should increase Social Security
we should protect Medicare and expanded
to in fact to cover everyone etc so
there's a case to be made on on both
sides here yeah and so that's what he
was running on I believe I don't have
all the articles in front of me anymore
but I believe that if you asked the
population what were the most important
issues I think that the the highest one
might have been health care and if you
break it down he won I think about
two-thirds of the vote on health care
and and it looks I mean any change to
this election could have flipped it the
other way and so he won two-thirds by
saying the standard thing ACA is great
we should expand ACA all that stuff but
imagine if he was stronger on that issue
he won two-thirds what if he'd won 75%
80% 90% of it then it wouldn't have be
been a close election and if people
liked you know the ACA and expansion
maybe something that actually ensured
everybody and controlled costs and all
of that something like single-payer
medicare-for-all maybe that this
wouldn't even had to have been a
nail-biter we could have graphed this
thing up at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time last
last night yeah but I now want to go
back to the second biggest issue he ran
on and this is based on what his
campaign says so same biggest thing she
was protecting the unions also a deeply
progressive issue in fact Brent welder
running Kansas third District is
crushing the current Republican opponent
incumbent by about seven points with
almost with not anywhere near the money
that Kevin Yoder has in that district
and he's a union lawyer he was a union
lawyer right so the corporate Democrats
tell us all the time oh you and you snob
on teachers of you know now now a lot of
times they take Union money but what he
like Obama when it came to protecting
the unions and their rights all of a
sudden he couldn't find his walking
boots and all of a sudden car check
didn't nope not gonna do it you
attacking the unions in Wisconsin nope
not gonna show up at the protest not
gonna do it not gonna do it but when it
comes to winning elections all of a
sudden they're progressives oh jeez how
for the union's even the Republicans and
Republican consultants said the problem
with Rick Ciccone was that he wasn't
Union enough now look that's a
particularly Union district in
Pennsylvania's 18th district okay but
that's a hell of a thing when Republican
said god damn it we should have
supported that you use more okay so take
that into consideration as well I'm not
a political consultant I'm not an expert
maybe I don't know nothing it's entirely
possible but if it helps you to win an
election by being Pro Union around the
election how much more will it help you
in the election if you're always throw
Union and you demonstrate it throughout
your term seems like you can probably
clinch a lot of elections that way but
again I'm not an expert
one last thing want to show by the way
so we showed we broke down the sixteen
point average spread in the special
elections this is something I've talked
about earlier today and look it's it's a
few you don't know how much you can
actually interpret from just a few
special elections and still a long way
out doesn't really mean anything let's
bring up this final chart graphic 25
this
or change between special election
average amounts and the actual vote once
you get to the general election and
you're seeing there that yes it can be
off by a little bit but you know if by
that much it isn't off by 16 points or
20 points or whatever and so what you're
seeing there is that this is probably
indicative of something pretty serious
later on this year and one of the things
that I'm most excited about I mean this
sort of thing could obviously affect
races like Ted Cruz his reelection
effort but like that last night that was
a +20 Trump district if you start
looking at the people in the house that
are in less than a plus 20 truck
district I mean you got Devin Nunez you
got Paul Ryan more points you think Paul
Ryan can overcome that
speaking of unions iron stache is
running against Paul Ryan in that
district we're gonna take out the
Speaker of the House hmm
so Randy Bryce go find out about him
he's another justice Democrat and he's
gonna crush Paul Ryan look hey
Republicans you don't want to take it
seriously wonderful fantastic and I love
their excuses this morning my favorite
was there's two great ones substantively
the best one was Oh lamb out raised
Ciccone he he raised more money yeah but
you're leaving out the independent
expenditures ciccone because of all the
dark money and the super PACs outspent
lamb so he outspent lamb and lost anyway
so where's your money excuse and and the
leader of the Republicans in the house
for their reelection effort said oh this
sends a message is a wake-up call so
good at least they get it he's like we
got to raise more money No thank God you
missed it entirely
okay so but my favorite excuse was who
hunt Republican blamed it on seconds
pornstache he said his moustache was
disgusting and that's why he lost he's
great he's got a point he's got a point
no wonderful raise more money from
billionaire donors and multinational
corporations and big banks and red
on your laurels and then we'll find out
in November if that 20 point swing is
real or not yeah yeah I personally have
to say that I think the best one was on
Fox & Friends when Brian Kilmeade agreed
with one of the other hosts and he said
you know what cuteness matters kind of
land was cute maybe it doesn't matter
but Trump was still able to win it no
matter that much you know kill I kill me
kill me it's right I think we're both
you just put cuter candidates yeah Robin
so you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
