Prince Philip is worth more than the
Queen that's at least on the show the
crown on Netflix it was reported
executives at left bank pictures the
production company behind the crown
revealed that Matt Smith the actor who
plays Prince Philip on the show earned
more than clarify who plays the Queen on
the Netflix series this was brought to
people's attention there was pushback
the Suzanne Mackey who runs that who is
a creative director for that production
company said going forward no one gets
paid more than the Queen but people were
upset on Twitter like this one who said
Matt Smith was paid more for the crown
than Claire Foy so just like let that
sink in and the crowd is amazing high
quality TV but every fan knows Claire
Foy the standout performer that made it
shine was the Sante performative made it
shine her portrayal is the queen
elizabeth is a very top tour-de-force
acting performance no one should have
been paid more than her so Bret I'm a
little conflicted about this I'll tell
you why I'm not I'm probably the way
you're about to say
okay so we're nitpicking every single
show and movie and so this person was
fair that and that but they these are
case by case and there is so let me
explain it this way if you're coming out
of Law School in your first year
basically lawyer slow in here the main
firms in biggest city Seattle New York
DC it doesn't matter right there's this
anything if you're not a lawyer you
probably don't know this but there's a
standard rate that everyone gets and it
might depend on the size of the firm and
it certainly depends on the city that
you're in but it's a standard rate if
for some reason those standard rates are
different for men and women I'd be like
whoa what is why why would you pay men
more that's crazy or pay women more good
luck with that right yeah but that
doesn't happen and it shouldn't happen
and it used to happen but it doesn't
happen anymore largely speaking but if
you found a sense of it you should
definitely do something about it because
there's no reason for that
whereas acting jobs are all case-by-case
but the reason Bret I'm conflicted on on
the other side is these are not
well-known actor
it's Matt Smith he was dr. who okay hey
there's a lot of co-productions that
happened with the BBC and so it is more
the london-based company I don't know
exactly where this one is but usually
it's like the london-based company that
originally financed the project is like
let's look around England and find our
favorite actors and formal you know
doctor who is a giant thing and clarify
they just like found her
not really but she you know everyone
who's gotten their first big break has
been acting for dozens of years but he
was more expensive his quote was in my
opinion no doubt more expensive cuz he
was Doctor Who well you see that's
important I and I don't know these
particular actors in their background
which goes to the point I was making
they all have a different background and
so they command a different price now
but again the reason but I'll go back to
why I'm conflicted on it not just
because I don't I don't happen to know
Matt Smith but because it is happening
awfully frequently in Hollywood and what
might be happening is the assumptions
that people make about the scale that
these actors are getting might be based
on stereotypes that are in their
subconscious and they don't even realize
that they think well that's a guy that's
a lead actor and should be paid a lot o
actress that's you know it's easier to
find or and they might not realize that
they're doing the discrimination but
again having said that it is a
case-by-case basis it's not like they're
all being hired out of medical school or
law school so with that in mind what
kinds of things can we point to to kind
of say well is progress being made you
saw at the end of Francis McDormand
acceptance speech she did the whole
thing about the inclusion writer there
have been folks out there in Hollywood
who have stepped forward the inclusion
writer dies and they are brie Larson
step forward she's gonna be Captain
Marvel Matt Damon and Ben Affleck who
have been touch-and-go with women's
issues in terms of how they're perceived
in the spotlight by the guy who directed
Ghostbusters and Michael B Jordan who is
everyone's favorite right now and Ashley
Judd called out her own agency she said
I would like for this agency that
represents her the talent agency that
represents me to be
50/50 male/female including all
ethnicities races and sexual
orientations and the 50/50 needs to be
included in all decision making levels
she's saving no prisoners which means
they would have to add two females at
the top of her agency so she's like
alright here's my inclusion rider at my
agency and it's the same agency that I'm
pretty sure was the same agency that
represented that did the deal for all
the money in the world that got money
for you know Mark Wahlberg and not Ferb
Michele Williams so I think that we're
being consistent here and I think it is
a nuanced issue that I that we presented
in that way and showed you both sides of
it now if you're but if you're in the on
the side of no this is not a real issue
and how they are they do this well wait
a minute now the right wing is totally
in favor of capitalism right well this
is capitalism people with leverage are
using that leverage to demand certain
things now some people use the leverage
to demand Bentleys and special colored
M&Ms right and these folks are demanding
diversity well capitalism it's a bitch
just as we're talking about Netflix the
CEO of Netflix Reed Hastings was asked
about his inclusion writer issues and he
said we're not so big on doing
everything through agreements we're
trying to do things creatively whatever
that means but it the meantime Yahoo
reports Netflix is diversity problem
extends to its own employees with no
black members on its main board which
has 70/30 gender split in favor of men
and only 4% of the work force made up of
black people so look I I think the
bottom line is we got to get there and
we have to be cognizant of the issues
overall we have to be cognizant of the
stereotypes and actions we might take
that are both conscious and subconscious
it doesn't mean that every single issue
that is pointed out is correct or that
you have to take immediate action in I
don't know firing half the people on
these companies boards and replacing
them with other people but but now the
pendulum is swung
in terms of leverage and so people are
within their rights to demand that kind
of diversity and let's see where the
chips fall if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
