there is a candidate for state
legislature in Maine who is apologizing
for calling one of the survivors of the
shooting at Stoneman Douglas Douglas
High School a skinhead lesbian the name
of the candidate is Leslie Gibson and
this was a tweet that has since been
taken down but originally it was there
is nothing about the skinhead lesbian
that impresses me and there is nothing
that she has to say and then further he
said Leslie Gibson claims according to
The Huffington Post Gonzalez should not
be called a survivor because she was
quote in a completely different part of
the school during the shooting okay and
not just her he also went after a David
hog another student whose and he said
hog doesn't get a pass when he blatantly
lies the thing he was lying about is
saying that there are there are you know
political figures who are owned by the
NRA the apology that's the law
absolutely bearing out across the
country right now the apology says I
would like to extend to you my most
sincere apology for how I addressed you
it was wrong and unacceptable you were
doing work that is important to you I
would like to extend my hand in
friendship and understanding to you a
bit of a 180 so a couple of notes here
first the full quote that originally got
him in trouble was there's nothing about
this skinhead lesbian that impresses me
and there's nothing to that she has to
say unless you are frothing at the mouth
moon bat okay now look Gibson and any
other service I'm allowed to disagree
with Emma Gonzalez and the survivors you
don't have to have the same position as
them on the Second Amendment or gun
rights or gun control but is it too much
to ask to respect them after having gone
through that experience and say they
also have a perspective a valid
perspective instead of just throwing
random insults at them and especially
directed at who they are rather than
what they think also their kids what has
happened to people that they're in this
bubble in this case of the NRA where
they feel that it is a good thing to go
after children there was some
in Florida representative Elizabeth
Porter when she was arguing against the
state law in Florida that increased gun
control regulations she said we've been
told that we need to listen to the
children and do what the children ask
she says do we allow the children to
tell us we should pass a law that says
no homework she compared wanting to stay
alive to at least change some gun
control regulations to kids not wanting
to do their homework like where do you
have to be mentally to get to that place
well I know where you have to be you
have to be in a place where you can cash
that check from the NRA and so the she
claims the adults are more responsible
does it look like it have the adults
adults stop the massacres at the schools
no Columbine was 19 years ago we've had
decades of massacre after massacre
overall in the country and particularly
in our schools
Newtown Columbine this lone shooting
after shooting that you don't hear about
and and so the adults have not solved
that partly because they're corrupt and
so Gibson if there is a liar in this
story as he ironically accuses her of
being a liar and it is the politicians
who claim oh no the checks that I get
from campaign contributors don't affect
me at all oh how dare you besmirch my
adult reputation by saying that I would
do something for the money yeah I think
you're doing something for the money and
I don't know and gifts this case if he's
taking checks from the NRA or not but
even if he's not certainly others are
thousands of politicians across the
country are and that's why they're not
doing anything and it takes apparently
kids to call them out on it if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks show every day
