one of the only policies that
consistently at least recently many in
the GOP are willing to support to
ostensibly do something about gun
violence in schools is to flood schools
with tens or hundreds of thousands of
additional firearms and you saw that
with the recent bill in Florida where
they want to arm 37,000 teachers and at
Donald Trump is a big fan of that the
NRA is a big fan of that if that would
happen federally then you're talking
about potentially a million or more
extra guns in schools now the problem
with that policy is what if that were to
lead to more accidental shootings coming
to demonstrate that for you this week is
a teacher at Seaside high school who
accidentally fired his gun in class
injuring multiple students so this
teacher and I want to be very clear
about this was a reserve officer for the
local police department and had been
trained previously in the use of
firearms multiple times over the course
of years this is a gun adept teacher as
Donald Trump would say the teacher fired
the gun into the ceiling thankfully
although some kind of debris or
fragmentation struck a 17-year old
student in the neck the students father
told KSBW eighth that the student
returned home from school with bullet
fragments in his neck and there were two
other students who were injured as well
although I don't know if they had bullet
fragments specifically the San City
police chief said the teacher had been a
reserve officer for 11 years and was
both positive and professional this
wasn't some some psycho he'd had his
last gun safety training less than a
year ago and we can expect that that was
the last of multiple sets of gun
training and yet you have a gun shot
accidentally the injured students
thankfully doesn't kill anyone this time
let's note again the irony that he was
teaching a gun safety lesson when he
fired the bullet that left bullet
fragments lies in the neck of one of his
students and we don't tell you this and
we said it at the time when Florida
decided to arm 37,000 teachers because
we think that the teachers are bad guys
we don't think that this guy is
necessarily particularly incompetent I
know that gun owners love every time to
point out I wouldn't do that it's not
one guy I mean who would bring in a
that's already loaded and as one in the
chamber and I know that you would you
would yeah you do it all the time that's
why there's over 500 accidental deaths
let alone the number of thousands of
accidental shootings throughout the year
every year over 500 people killed
because people are people they're human
beings they make mistakes sometimes I
make a mistake on the show and I say the
wrong word no one dies when you make a
mistake at a with a gun inside a school
you get bullet fragments in students
necks
and thank God nobody was actually killed
in this but people are gonna make
mistakes and when they make mistakes
with the guns people die and in this
case it's gonna be kids at schools
yeah and that 500 mean that's scary
enough as it is but what about that what
will that 500 become with a million
additional guns in school every day and
even if even if like I know that you
don't want to but if we were to accept
what this individual says you might be
watching the video it says I'm
responsible my god that's fine
you're responsible your guns but you're
not gonna be in the classroom when
you're kids there with a bunch of
teachers who are now armed it is going
to be a bunch of randos that you can't
control you are sure of your own
training are you so sure of theirs I
don't think most parents actually are
and this was a reserve police officer
but most of the teachers that will be
trained are just teachers you know to
your gym teacher your librarian your
your positive the librarian will be
trained well enough to be able to know
which student to shoot in case of
emergency it's and by the way what does
the NRA do then I took another massacre
of our kids except great now let's get
our sellout politicians who we all
bribed to pay for a million new guns in
the schools so there could be more
shootings and then we'll get them to pay
for a million new guns and that way to
go manufacturers make more money while
your kids continue to die what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm
join
