an ice spokesman has resigned from his
position following criticism geared
toward the City of Oakland California by
Trump officials and Trump himself now
this all has to do with the story that
broke in the previous week because of
the mayor of Oakland informing the
citizens that ice was planning on doing
an immigration raid in the area now jeff
sessions Donald Trump and other ice
officials were incredibly frustrated and
angry that the mayor would do that and
so they essentially exaggerated the
number of people that they were looking
to arrest through the raid but failed to
do so because of the mayor informing the
citizens that the raid was about to take
place now the person who has resigned
from his job is James Schwab who is who
was a former spokesperson for ice
administration officials including
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and
President Donald Trump grossly
exaggerated the number of undocumented
immigrants who avoided arrest after
Oakland Mayor Libby shave tipped off the
public days before the raid began on
February 25th
now here's what Schwab had to say about
it I quit because I didn't want to
perpetuate misleading facts I asked them
to change the information I told them
that the information was wrong they
asked me to deflect and I didn't agree
with that then I took some time and I
quit so let's talk a little bit about
the discrepancy now the ice ray did lead
to hundreds of arrests about 232 people
were arrested but the Trump
administration argues that nearly a
thousand more could have been arrested
which was not the case
acting ice director Thomas Holman
claimed that 864 criminal aliens escaped
arrest and Trump railed that close to a
thousand people would have been swept up
sessions accused the Oakland mayor of
promoting a radical open borders agenda
the fact of the matter is none of none
of those
numbers were true the that they
exaggerated the numbers and there was a
nice official and I spokesperson who
made that abundantly clear to them and
they refused to change the messaging of
course they refused to change the
messaging it's not about the facts it's
about spreading a political narrative
and fear-mongering about you know the
crime in Oakland because of these
undocumented immigrants the reality is
if you look at the statistics crime has
actually been decreasing in Oakland
consistently over the last several years
look I think shrubs a bit of an American
here right now and I'll tell you why
it's not I don't know his politics
he's a nice official so he might be in
favor of sweeping up on documented
immigrants I don't know who he voted for
so I don't mean it in in that sense or
in a political sense it's just that
willing to risk your job and a pretty
good job at that because in his words he
couldn't bear the burden of saying
something that was false that's a pretty
decent and moral thing to do no matter
how you slice it so when he saw that
they were saying that that 864 criminal
aliens had escaped arrest things like
you don't know that it's just not true
right like where did they get that
number from who knows right and and he's
like you have no idea how much the
Oakland mayor's announcement affected or
didn't affect things and where are you
getting these numbers from and I just
appreciate that there's still somebody
left on the planet who can't bear to
tell a brazen political lie you know and
and and by the way a lot of the people
at the FBI that are now working on the
Trump investigation etc are also
Republicans so that's why I'm saying you
I really really don't have no idea what
this guy's politics is but yes there's
some decent people on both sides of the
aisle who at some point draw a line and
go well I didn't come here so we could
deceive the people were supposed to
serve so James Schwab for for that bold
act thank you it shouldn't be uncommon
but unfortunately these days it is you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
TYT Network
dot-com /join
