two people in the Austin Texas area have
died following the delivery of explosive
packages that they unfortunately opened
one other individual has been severely
injured and remains in critical
condition in the hospital now three
packaged bombs have exploded at homes in
the Texas Capitol over the past 10 days
including two on Monday killing two
people and injuring two others
investigators say they believe the
incidents are related and one common
theme that the investigators have
noticed is that it has impacted
minorities in the area they haven't
ruled whether or not this is a hate
crime however they haven't ruled it out
either first blast happened March second
killing Anthony Stephen house a 39 year
old african-american man a bombing early
Monday of this week killed a 17 year old
African American male now there is a
connection between those two victims
house was the stepson of Freddy Dixon a
former pastor at a historic black church
in Austin dicks and his friends with the
grandfather of the teen who was killed
Monday so that's another interesting
connection when it comes to some of the
victims in this case also there was a
third explosive that was detonated on
Monday of this week another explosive
around noon Monday severely wounded a 75
year old Hispanic woman she remains in
the hospital in critical condition yeah
I think that the the first bomb was
interesting Wow a bomb in Austin for no
reason in the beginning the fact that it
was an African American man meant
absolutely nothing then when you got
three bombs they've all hit minorities
and now the cops are saying there's no
conclusion at all but we are considering
that it's a hate crime that is a that's
a pretty large coincidence but it's
three it's three people right yeah it
could still be that it was random and
the next three could hit white people
and let's hope that there are none and
that it doesn't hit anybody and and then
I thought well South by Southwest is
happening in Austin which is a huge
event I wonder if it's near that nope
apparently not related because it's the
sir nowhere near south bye thank God for
that
so but at this point it appears to be
clearly some form of domestic terrorism
we're not positive who it's directed at
or certainly have no idea who's doing it
but it's kind of a big deal three bombs
in one city two going off on the same
day I feels like this story should be a
lot larger than it is yeah it's it's
getting a little bit of attention but
you know I feel like in the Trump era
there's so much breaking news that it's
difficult to cover everything that's
going on and so a story like this that
would dominate headlines in Obama's
administration isn't getting as much
attention now but it is terrifying
because it's the last thing that you
would expect you see a package at your
door you think that it's a completely
harmless thing you open it and you know
you lose your life or severely injure
people inside the home
so again unfortunately there aren't any
leads at the moment the story is still
developing and hopefully the authorities
do find who it is and what the motive is
but as far as we know at this point
there isn't even a motive so I'm sure
that I would be shocked if they weren't
connected I would be shocked if there
wasn't a motive but we just don't know
it yet so one more thing guys be careful
and I know a lot of people in Austin are
worried and they're taking precautions
with all the boxes that are coming in
and and a lot of been reported to the
cops and that's understandable of course
most of them are not bombs so the cops
are running around town looking at boxes
but I rich super understandable but I
want to tell you one thing about it none
of the boxes have had a label from the
post office FedEx or UPS so if it has
one of those it's likely to be okay I
mean I don't know I'd be careful too if
I was you but if you see one without a
label be extra careful okay and yes
report it to the authorities what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get
pletely ad-free if you could become a
member of the young turks TYT Network
comm /join
