one of the state leaders of the GOP in
North Carolina shared what he believed
was a photo of Christine Blasi for two
of course
accused Brett Kavanaugh of sexual
assault or attempted a sexual assault
and it's a photo from the 1980s and he
believes that this is evidence that she
couldn't have almost been raped because
of the photo so here is the photo and
the facebook post he said this is Lanny
Lancaster saying this is the alleged
sexual assault victim Wow the subtext
there being that she is too ugly for
anyone to try to rape this is why so
many people check out politics I think
is because this guy isn't some random
person on Twitter he's like a
state-level
official for the GOP in North Carolina
reached for comment he found a way to
make it even worse possibly saying the
media wants you to think she was a
beautiful young young lady who was on
her way home seeing Jake Tapper now
describing her yeah weird I just wanted
you to see the real person I wanted
people to see that this is really her
update that's not really her it's not
even a photo of her it wouldn't matter
if it was a photo of her because that's
a disgusting insulting narrative to try
to advance but it's not even her this is
a meme that's been going around the
internet for years as a survivor I try
my best not to live in victim mode but I
use my experience as something to
empower young women but the
mis-education about rape and what rape
is really about and what sexual assault
is really about is so frustrating
because even if that was a picture of
her we all know those of us who have
good sense know that rape is an act of
power has nothing to do with you know if
you're attracted to a woman but the
reality of it is that in 2018 the
conversation that we are having around
sexual assault and women being
victimized feels reminiscent of
something that isn't that shouldn't be
existing in a time where we are
allegedly so advanced and it's so it's
so sickening because when we were
talking about this earlier we talking
about sexual assault with
woman who's a doctor but imagine all the
young black and brown girls throughout
the community the numbers are so high of
sexual assault right now amongst our in
our community who don't have the voices
who don't have the you know the the the
platform to speak out who still gotta go
to work at Applebee's this is just
utterly disgusting and and if you don't
know anything
educate your daughters and your son's
about what sexual assault really is
because that is indicative of deep deep
ignorance yeah just the the casual
ignorant and myths that are thrown
around to justify horrific policies and
like this seems crazy and it is crazy
but it's also not a singular example of
this Donald Trump obviously has faced a
number of different sexual assaults and
one of the defenses that he made for
himself is we look at some of these
women yeah like I would sexually assault
them like I would try to grope them I
guess like the the one silver lining of
this kind of moment is that it almost is
it's ripped off the mask of the
Republican Party like I mean there was
up until very recently I mean even still
today you see a lot of Democrats could
of liked lamenting you know where are
the reasonable Republicans whatever like
this is the Republican Party these are
the people who work for the Republican
Party this is what they believe this is
like how they are they're hideous
hideous heinous people who believe these
kinds of insane things and it's just
like the mask is completely off now like
that and so we have to try to at least
you know keep that in mind because I
think that there was a instinct for a
while to sort of separate Trump from the
rest of the Republicans like no there is
they are one in the same yeah they are
one in the same yeah we're we're gonna
transition to polls in just a little bit
but on this particular topic I saw a
poll having to do with they asked people
if you had a politician that you support
the policies of but they've been accused
of multiple sexual assaults from
multiple different different people
would you still consider voting for them
and between all Republicans and all
Democrats there's a 40 point gap you
know Republican males eighty-one percent
said yeah of course I would still yeah
instead of voting for them and look
there's there's big differences between
the parties and between conservatives
and and liberals or let alone
progressives on a lot of issues but
there's not
the 40 point gaps dozen early like not
not in medicare-for-all or even huge
programs like this like it almost seems
like at this point this is one of the
foundational splits between the
ideologies and what we've seen in terms
of enthusiasm for the midterms
Republican strategists are saying that
this is actually a silver lining because
nothing has fired applicants like Brett
Kavanaugh let's think about what that is
yeah they're fired up because they could
possibly get an attempted rapist well
that's what they're firing up but that's
that's not exactly what they're fired
about they're fired up because the libs
are triggered and that's what that's
what conservative that's what animates
conservatism they don't really care
about sexual assault it's like a sexual
assault
you know accusation is a plus
necessarily it's only a plus to the
extent that it enrages the libs you know
like and the people who they don't like
you know women minorities you're right
and that's what's really like animating
they're seeing these attacks on
Cavanaugh from all the people that hate
and that's what's really kind of driving
this newfound enthusiasm it's a cultural
thing this this male stalks this toxic
male behavior and these this when I saw
that woman delivering so directly to the
camera with her two daughters behind her
saying that is okay for if he's a young
man they groped him in the Latin
community where the young men seem to be
coddled a lot in this behavior when I
saw all those like be now Republicans
defending Kavanagh it there's an attack
on on young women you know on women in
this and it's culturally accepted when
you when you when I was listening to
these men talk first of all is how dare
you how dare you come from me that was
why Lindsey was you know bitching doing
his little how dare you and what's the
matter this has been going on forever
that's just the way things are yeah and
you know what you guys you progressives
these Millennials these no it's not
that's not what we're doing anymore is
really flipping the table and they're
losing their minds yeah I think I think
with the me to movement a lot of
conservative males are like they're
scared that things are changing and they
want to know how much things have
changed and I think the
want an example that things haven't
changed too much they haven't moved too
far I thought some seemed to think that
Roy Moore could be an example of that
like these are spurious charges you know
everybody tries to date young women if
we can only get him in it will be
evidence that society isn't changing
obviously they failed there but here I
think a lot are seeing this is some form
of like the Alamo with the me2 movement
this is our attempt to fight back the
women have controlled the narrative for
a year and a half now if we can get this
guy in we don't have to worry about what
we do and say that's that's a great
point I think that at this point the the
sexual assault accusations when Cavanagh
have become a feature for them have
become actually a positive in the sense
that if they manage to Ram this guy
through in which they will it will be so
demoralizing for everyone else right
like my sister at one point after the
hearing she it was really affected her
and she texted me like is there anything
we could do and I was like no like at
this point not really and she and she
was like just like totally defeated and
then I realized that that's the point
but that's the point that they they want
to shove this guy through just to show
that they can and to demoralize anyone
who would stand up to them on the go
don't worry we got you covered you can
still listen to TYT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
