recently Joe Biden went to the movies
and after he left the movies he ran into
a homeless person who he apparently gave
some sort of note to and had a
conversation with now little did he know
there was someone else watching and
someone taking photos of him as he was
having this conversation with a homeless
man the picture ended up online and
everyone reacted to it so I want to
share some of those comments with you
first of all hail Ibaka who is the
person who took the photo says the
following I'm not exactly sure what he
gave the homeless man but he appeared to
write something down on a piece of paper
inside the movie theater which he then
proceeded to give the homeless man
outside and a bunch of different people
both public figures and private citizens
commented on this on Twitter and you
know everyone pretty much agrees you
know politics aside Biden's always been
a decent man and a good man and so John
era vocÃªs tweeted the following this is
my favorite tweet in regard to the
picture some men pay off porn stars
while others stop to get to know a
homeless man yeah I love that my
favorite version of that several people
said it that way was Patrick Thomas and
said when he thought no one was watching
Trump cheated on every one of his three
wives when he thought no one was
watching Joe Biden comforted a homeless
man I think that is quite telling of
their character at least yeah it was it
was a heartwarming nice thing to see
especially in the middle of what's
happening in the country there's so much
cruelty there's so much anger so much
divisive nests and it's it's nice to see
acts of kindness you know break that
apart a little bit so it was originally
shared on Facebook by businessman Paul
equal and and he wrote in that Facebook
post character is about what you do when
no one is watching so look there there's
the just the all part of this story like
you look I looked at the picture I was
like oh and there's another part of that
which is that he'd gone to the movies
with his granddaughter so he takes his
granddaughter of the movies then comes
as he's a homeless man and spends time
talking to him and comforting him that's
a double oo
and so that's that's good enough but I
don't want anybody to get confused that
doesn't mean that you have to agree with
all Joe Biden's paws no no now your
shill for Joe Biden I knew it sellout
you establishment shill no I mean this
is aside from politics it's a person
doing a kind thing let's all move on
with our life okay but before we learn I
want to talk more about Joe Biden
because he's an interesting cat okay I'm
just gonna tell a couple of fun stories
real quick so Joe Biden will talk to
anyone so that's part of this too I
remember my first interaction was that
with him was in 1988 when I was a
freshman at Penn and I just gotten there
and I was going to the bookstore to buy
some books and shirts and stuff and and
I was a political geek even back then
and and Biden I was just running for
office for running for president and
he's looking he's at the bookstore he's
pretty tall guy he's look around does
anybody recognize me anyway his son is
also going to Penn at the time and so I
go up and I go senator Biden how you
doing he's like oh great and he comes
and talks to me etc so look you could
say he's looking for attention but you
could also say that he cares about
people so he bothered to talk to me and
have a real conversation we engaged a
little bit of policy talk et cetera and
bides also been right on a lot of things
and so he was the guy who said we should
have split Iraq into three I think that
the creation of Isis partly justified
what he was saying I agreed with him all
throughout he was the first one and all
not the only one but among the few
voices in Washington who recognized hey
knuckleheads in Iraq there are three
contingent Sunnis Shia and Kurds and
they're never gonna get along and if you
don't do something about it elite the
worst conflict and it did and how that's
partly how we got Isis etcetera now it
doesn't mean that Biden's right about
everything and and in fact there's a lot
of things that I disagree with him now
and I wish he'd like he is kind of an
average guy he was the poorest senator
etc but he stayed in Washington for so
long and so even though he's a good guy
I think he believes in some things that
that I think are he could be so much
more progressive on so I wouldn't
necessarily support him for
but in a and he makes gaffes but that
was in the pre trump era when gaffes
mattered but how gaps might help you I
don't know I feel like gaffes only
matter when it comes to liberals yeah
that's right can't shake it they can't
shake it the way the right-wing does and
and I love the way he gives speeches he
he'll lean in like he did at the
National Convention Democratic National
Convention in 2016 but okay okay guys
guys no no no listen to me listen this
is not political this is I love what
Uncle Joe does that it doesn't mean that
he's the right candidate but I will end
on a on one small political point on
that so I see this and I am like Uncle
Joe right and then of course pundits
come in and go look you know this is
probably a situation a rare situation
where age doesn't matter and I'm like Oh
God ruined it wait wait
you're right what like in other words
yes he's as old as Bernie Sanders but
it's okay when it's Joe Biden but those
are the same pundits who will say Bernie
Sanders is too old oh I didn't see I
didn't see that commentary yeah and
everyone just needs to shut up have a
nice moment without ruining it
I know like we got into politics too
it's just a nice moment you know let's
it people you can compartmentalize those
things like people can do good things
outside of their political beliefs you
know what I'm saying yeah well some
people can it and some people on the
other side do terrible things outside of
politics yeah by the way in today's
postgame I'm going to tell another Joe
Biden story it's about it's a really
heartwarming story about Joe Biden and
Al Gore that gore told me okay so that's
TYT Network calm /join to become a
member and get all the post games where
we tell you these extra stories
