Donald Trump jr. visited the state of
Pennsylvania the great state of
Pennsylvania in order to campaign for
the candidate ciccone Rick ciccone to be
specific and while he was doing this you
know campaign work he had a bunch of
incredibly important interviews
including an interview with a chocolate
Easter Bunny I just I love all of this I
love every part of this okay so first
let me explain why this story caught my
attention to begin with I thought that a
local news reporter thought it would be
cute to interview him as if the Easter
Bunny was interviewing him because
that's what local news does local news
reporters will walk toward the camera as
they're doing their stand-up for no
reason they're just walking toward the
camera or they'll do all sorts of goofy
things like imitate a bear attack as if
we don't know what a bear attack would
look like so I thought this was probably
like a cute gimmicky thing that a local
reporter was doing but that is not the
case I'll tell you what this all was in
just a second no Anna but you made a
critical mistake there okay it's because
those go they don't realize those other
things are goofy they're not doing it on
purpose they're told by their news
directors if you walk towards the camera
people will take you more seriously so
we've talked about this on on-air before
I worked in local news Ben mankiewicz by
our co-founder worked in local news for
a lot longer and more of this like local
affiliate stuff right and consultants
would come in first of all they would
tell them to talk like this right why
nobody talks like that right uh-huh and
once they told him don't ever pick up a
pen and he's like what if I need to
write okay
why shouldn't you pick up a pen because
I don't they had this convoluted
nonsense thing about how it'll make you
seem pensive and indecisive or something
along those lines I don't remember the
whole story now and he's like that's no
it'll make you seem like a human who
writes and I'm on the news I would care
about the facts what I would need to use
a utensil everyone's allowed to write
them down anyway like don't do that and
they teach you to say earlier today
there was a fire here well then you
should have been there earlier today
because there's nothing behind you right
now
okay so when they do that stuff and they
reenact a bear attack they're serious
they're like a that's a barrack approach
like this
it's I know it's really like humiliating
but they like it would take an
extraordinary local news person to be a
by the way news director the reporters
I'm sure they would love to do it every
you know some of them would but the news
records like don't do that that'll ruin
our credibility
dude what credibility but wait which
which a behavior would ruin their
credibility the Easter Bunny Easter
Bunny okay so to be fair the Easter
Bunny stunt was not a stunt a local news
reporter did not do this on purpose
there was a different reporter by the
name of Andrew Rush he writes for the
Pittsburgh post-gazette
and from the angle in which he was
standing he noticed that he could take a
picture that made it appear as though
the Easter Bunny was interviewing Donald
Trump jr. so he took that picture posted
it online
went viral and people made memes out of
it I just thought it was funny and my
assumptions unfortunately were wrong I
kind of wish a local news reporter did
this I wish they were allowed to have
that kind of fun they might have better
ratings yeah anyway credit to Andrew
Rush who took that hilarious picture
yeah are we going to turn this into how
the Trump family is a disaster
no that's for other stories this was
just fun this is just fine
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
