so Rex Towson's out of Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo who is a CIA director
is going to replace him Mike Pompeo is
long history of being deeply right-wing
deeply in the pocket of Donald Trump
apparently rushes over to see Donald
Trump quite frequently not just what
he's supposed to the CIA director makes
sure that he gives the intelligence
briefings in person Oh Donnie how i
doing Donnie who I you're so right
Donnie and it worked for him he's now
the Secretary of State but what's more
interesting to me is the person who's
going to replace it would replace him as
the head of the CIA and that's Gina
Haspel she is the new CIA or she's going
to be the new CIA director if confirmed
in confirmation for her could be an
issue and of course Pompeo will be the
new Secretary of State if confirmed so
now I want to go back to a New York
Times story that came out when hospital
first got the deputy director job so
she's currently the deputy director
she's gonna be moved up to director if
confirmation happens so this is to give
you background on who Gina Haspel isn't
why she was picked buckle up as a
clandestine officer at the Central
Intelligence Agency in 2002
Gina Haspel oversaw the torture of two
terrorism suspects and later took part
in in order to destroy videotapes
documenting their brutal interrogations
at a secret prison in Thailand so let me
be clear about Gina Haspel she shouldn't
be in government she should be in prison
for the torture yes
people say Oh torture is illegal now
torture was illegal back then they just
chose not to enforce that law but even
more importantly they destroyed evidence
they said it in public they admitted it
that's illegal under any and all
definitions no question about it
but they don't believe in the rule of
law and the person who doesn't believe
in the rule of law the most is Donald
Trump you want to stop any investigation
of himself he's like oh gina has well
torture people great I'm in favor of
torture
she stopped an investigation of herself
by destroying evidence hey that's my
kind of gal promote her so now let me
give you details of what happened
she played a direct role in the cia's
quote extraordinary rendition program
under which captured militants were
handed to foreign governments and held a
secret facilities where they were
tortured by agency personnel that's a
couple of crimes for the price of one
extraordinary rendition is otherwise
known as kidnapping they would go into
other countries including allied
countries and just take people off the
street they wouldn't ask the German
government for example at top ally of
ours hey we'd like you to arrest this
person we have a warrant for them or
we're gonna go through this process for
them because we have evidence that
they're a bad guy well we don't have
evidence so we're not gonna tell the
German government we just go in there in
a black up and and kidnap someone off
their street and then we will bring them
to a different foreign government
usually Eastern European governments but
also sometimes in Southeast Asia and
other parts of the world and in the
Eastern European governments that were
friendly to our black ops they would
reopen their gulags from the Soviet
Union times and allow our CIA to go in
there and torture our detainees who we
had such little evidence on that we
couldn't even present it to allied
countries as a reason for them to be
detained this kind of complete lawless
actions that totally outside of our
democracy and our allies democracy is
now being rewarded not punished but
rewarded or in more details the CIA's
first overseas detention site was in
Thailand it was run by Miss Haspel who
oversaw the brutal interrogations of two
detainees Abu Zubaydah and Abdul Rahim
al-nashiri now if your right wing are
out there you might have seen those
names and go well that's it I mean who
cares they torture those guys so what
yummy they sound really scary they got
an Abu before their names are not abend
before one of them sounds really Arab
and really scary well let's find out
what happened was divide' mr. sabina
alone was waterboarded 83 times in a
single month had his head repeatedly
slammed into the walls and endured other
harsh methods before interrogators
decided he had no useful information to
provide oops
turns out we
tortured the guy and he had no
information now look I we went over this
at great length during the Bush
administration torture is not done to
get useful information a lot of times
torture is actually done to get the
wrong information
because if torture worked you wouldn't
have to do it 83 times on the second
time the third time if it works so well
on the first time you'd get the guy to
confess by the 83rd time you're not
interested in a confession you're
certainly not interested in the truth
you're interested in just gratuitous
attacks on this guy but the other thing
that that torture does is sometimes it
gets you the wrong information you want
in a famous case where we did a fake
burial of another detainee in Egypt we
capture this guy extraordinary rendition
we bring to Egypt and we had him dig his
own grave and we we were we pretended
that we were going to execute him now
again this is illegal in a thousand
different ways that's why she destroyed
all the evidence because they should go
to prison the people who did this
torture against our laws so they're
doing the mock execution and the guy
later testified he's like I got it in
the nick of time I realized that they
kept asking me leading questions they
wanted me to say that Iraq did 9/11 so
in order to avoid execution I finally
said are active 9/11 even though I knew
Iraq had not done 9/11 so that actually
was a bad guy they could have gotten
useful information out of them if they
did standard interrogation practices by
the way a standard interrogation
practices are not soft they're standard
because they work they're time-tested
you go off manual to torture when you're
not interested in efficacy you're
interested in brutalizing someone and
getting the wrong information and of
course they Cheney later took that fake
confession used it for his own purposes
invaded Iraq and then later they said
once again oops it turns out we had
tortured that guy into a false
confession
in fact Iraq didn't do 9/11 so this is a
well
tested method to get people to say
things that aren't true and this is the
person who's not going to be the head of
the CIA even if you didn't object
morally or legally and there's something
wrong with you if you don't she's not
gonna get the right intelligence that's
not what she does so if if you care
about our intelligence officials at all
but actually you know what as I just
said that out loud I came to a
realization this Trump want our
intelligence officials to get the right
information or the wrong information
whenever the CIA says it was the
Russians who interfered in our election
Trump says no give me a different answer
maybe Gina Haskell is exactly the kind
of person who'd be happy to give you any
answer you like right or wrong now just
a last couple of things here on what
Haspel did the sessions were videotaped
and the recording stored in a safe at
the CIA station and Thailand until 2005
when they were ordered destroyed by then
Miss Haspel was serving at CIA
headquarters and it was her name that
was on the cable carrying the
destruction orders she should be in
prison she signed a document saying
destroy evidence if you did that you
could be in prison for decades the
agency's announcement about her
promotion came with a long list of
testimonials from retired official as
much as prominent authors write blurbs
of the back for the back of other
writers books the list notably included
prominent Obama administration officials
such as James clapper the former
Director of National Intelligence he was
quote very pleased with what she did
Michael Morell who twice served as the
CIA's acting director and he said I
applaud the appointment
I read you that last part because I want
you to understand that the lying is
bipartisan
so Trump is thrilled with someone who's
Pro torture and Pro destroying evidence
but the Obama administration what do
they say um we're not gonna look
backwards we're gonna look forwards
under that principle you would never
prosecute any crime because by
definition all crimes happen in the past
what a
Posterous excuse the reality is this
intelligence community that is
jerry-rigged for wars and more Wars more
conflicts more weapons contracts always
sides with the people who do the torture
they let them get away with it and even
if they do brazen destruction of
evidence they don't care the Bush
administration didn't care the Obama
administration administration didn't
care
now the Trump administration cares but
in the reverse direction saying man that
is awesome
not only will I tolerate her I'll
promote her so the next time the CIA
comes up with nonsense intelligence
understand that it wasn't a mistake
that was the purpose if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks o
every day
