while all the chaos happens around the
Trump administration he is thinking in
some loathsome people into the
government and I want to tell you about
one of them today
it's William Otis so let me go to
kimberly Ames report at Huck post she
explains the William Otis adjunct
professor at Georgetown Law School and
former member of the Bush administration
was announced as one of President Donald
Trump's nominees and this is important
for the US Sentencing Commission a
bipartisan agency that dictates federal
sentencing guidelines earlier this month
so earlier this month he tries to sneak
this Otis guy in so what is why sneaker
men why what's his positions what does
he think named worked for a former
administration he's a Georgetown Law
professor must be a respectable guy
right way to get a load of Otis in a
2013 post he wrote for blog crime and
consequences
Otis indicated he agreed with the judges
remarks that quote blacks and Hispanics
are more violent than whites we're still
having a conversation that guy's gonna
be in charge of federal sentencing
guidelines and they later they'll tell
us there's no systemic racism the guy
literally said blacks and Hispanics are
more violent than whites
now that's preposterous it's
counterfactual it's not remotely
scientific and yes it's racist but what
I can look I care deeply about both of
these things but if you don't care about
the racism for something reason okay
you're a weird person but you should
also care that the person is not very
bright so I'm going to show you that in
a couple of different ways but look
since they keep doing this the right
wing keeps saying blacks and Latinos are
more violent let me explain the
counterpoint now I want to be very clear
about this I don't believe in genetic
differences between the races like they
do because I'm not racist they are
racist they believe in judging people
based on their race which is the
definition of racism now I
don't have a problem with white people
of course because they're human beings
okay but if you were to look at the
history of planet Earth and say which
race has been more violent is that close
are you having confusion over which one
that would be that would overwhelmingly
be the white race so I mean how many
things do I have to go through first of
all in this country was it blacks who
violently enslaved whites no it was
violence who whites who violently
enslaved blacks and then they had a
temerity to look at their slaves which
they violently captured and weep whipped
and beat and rape and murdered and
lynched and say they are the violent
ones have you ever seen the record of
what happened to the Americas when the
conquistadors came here so and what they
did to the indigenous population and
that indigenous population was the
violent ones are you out of your mind
and then we got every other crime you
could list World War one Europe World
War two Europe gee I wonder who's
starting all the world wars the hundred
year war the Crusades the Holocaust that
you could go on and on and on now does
that mean whites are actually more
violence
genetically than blacks or Hispanics no
a person who has even a tiny bit of
intellect understands that there are
historical societal even Geographic
influences political influences economic
influences and the list goes on and on
and that is why you get the wars that
you're having the and the actions that
happen in history but this guy who
apparently is so stupid that he goes out
got it man
it's the bucks and the Latinos who were
boiling against those poor white people
oh Jesus and he hasn't even gotten to
the Asians yet he's in trouble for what
he said about Asia's we'll get to that
in one second in a follow-up comment he
maintained that racial disparity in the
prison system was not due to systemic
racism but making choices so his thesis
is
Oh blacks and Latinos choose to be
violent and whites don't choose to be
violent okay could economics
for example play a role no it's just a
race man huh good I figured it out man
this guy's in charge of sentencing if he
gets confirmed okay so let me show you
just one I can serve you a billion of
these facts let me show you one fact
about so-called choices a median
two-parent black family in America as a
net wealth of $16,000 so that's what
they're born into median two-parent
white family in America has a net wealth
of one hundred and sixty one thousand
three hundred dollars that is I can do
the math for you 10x okay so one side
gets to make easy economic choices by
the way you guys this is on average if
you're a poor guy in the middle of West
Virginia you don't have $160,000 I know
that but we're talking about averages
here and so you might have it hard you
don't realize how hard the other side
has it so one side gets to make choices
on average maybe get to go to a private
school will get to go to a college of
your choice get to have health care get
to have jobs in your neighborhood that
are available get to have jobs pass on
by your dad the other side doesn't have
as many choices because they got almost
no money and then you don't take that
into account you just go go - man it's
race it's definitely race this is what
stupid people do but he's not done yet
here's what William Otis said about
Asians buckle up the reason Orientals
stay out of jail more than either whites
or blacks is that family life work
education and tradition are honored more
an oriental culture than in others this
guy is an adjunct law professor at
Georgetown anybody want to pull them
aside and say first of all idiot we
don't say Orientals anymore that's what
we people said decades ago people are
now offended by that whether you agree
or disagree
you've got Asian students that go to
Georgetown for example you've got Asian
people in the country can you please
stop calling him that it's not too much
to ask for okay
to me that's the smaller part of the
problem although a real issue okay the
larger part of the problem is this
genius has got it all figured out oh man
I got it
blacks Latinos bad Orientals good if you
were to make an argument for the second
most violent race in human history would
it include the Mongols who I think are a
shit would it include the Japanese who
were also part of World War two and
invaded China and the Koreas over and
over again I mean really god you've got
it you've got to teach them all of
history like you think that the Chinese
didn't have Wars over and over again and
does that mean that Asia's are actually
more violent than blacks or Latinos of
course that we're all Homo sapiens we're
all human beings but some of the
geography history economics politics etc
of that era caused a lot of violence in
Asia in in for example the Mongols they
were nomadic people so by the way
there's the Scottish and the Vikings and
what did they do war after war after war
because of the nature of being nomads
and how it encouraged raids that's why
the Mongols wound up doing a lot of
barbaric things they also want up having
a giant empire that had a lot of upsides
but yes there was terrible barbarism
there but this guy boils down to
Orientals good whites good blacks and
Latinos bad because they're violent the
painful idiocy of the right wing is
unreal these people are taking is like
oh well that is a scholar and by the way
Georgetown you ought to be embarrassed
how's this guy in any way part of your
faculty that is deeply embarrassing now
if you say oh you went back to the
Crusades you went back to the Mongols no
but the Asia's here are awesome last
thing here first of all let's give you
for some facts about Asians in America
in the 1990s the Asian American and
Pacific Islander community saw its
prisoner population balloon increasing
by two hundred and fifty percent again
does that mean
are more violent of course that does it
mean that Asian genes suddenly changed
the 1990s of course nod or it could have
to do with migration patterns for more
Asians came from Asian countries like
Vietnam and Laos who are more
economically deprived and who were
poorer and the economy led to their
economic condition led to crime more
than their genetic predisposition as an
example and finally I'll end on this
example because I think it's an
interesting and illustrative one I
happen to be Turkish American in the
conception of the right wing well then
my genetics predisposed me to certain
things and I am either violent or
nonviolent either rich or poor I mean
the right choice or I make the wrong
choices right well in reality Turks in
America are actually really well-off
they're among the the wealthiest
minorities in the country Turks in
Germany same Turks genetically the same
are the poorest people in Germany now
why because most of the Turks in America
have a profession it was really hard to
immigrate to the United States unless
you had a profession at least from the
from Turkey so a lot of them are
engineers businessmen doctors lawyers so
because of those socio-economic
conditions they happen to be wealthy in
America in Germany it was easy to
immigrate from Turkey to Germany and the
people who already had no jobs and
really desperately needed the jobs so
bad they've moved their whole family
across the continent would drive from
Turkey to Germany and get jobs there so
that was a socio-economic condition that
created a poorer class in Germany and a
wealthy class in America even though
it's the same Turks it just might have
to do with socioeconomic conditions and
not race but you keep having to explain
this to people and what's hilarious is
the some of the right-wing people will
look at these people and call them
scholars and think that they're
intellectuals they're nothing of this
sort they're throwbacks who are
embarrassingly
intelligent and I guess it's appropriate
soon going to the Trump White House if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network calm /join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
/ joy
