Donald Trump will be heading to the
state of California for the first time
since he got elected as president and
during his visit he plans on doing two
major things one of which should
probably infuriate some of the people
who voted for him considering he was
touting the fact that he didn't receive
any campaign donations from big
corporations or anything like that
now Trump's overnight visit will include
a stop in San Diego to inspect eight
sample designs for the wall he's been
trying to build he will also be
traveling to Los Angeles for a Beverly
Hills fundraiser where attendees will
pay up to $250,000 per person so he's
already raising money for his
re-election campaign and I just love the
fact that this is news that isn't really
making headlines no one's really talking
about it he is the candidate who talked
about corruption how he's gonna drain
the swamp how he's not gonna take money
from these millionaires and billionaires
but he's doing exactly that and he's
going to the state of California which
he cannot stop saying negative things
about in order to raise the money for
his reelection campaign he said about
California they don't care about crime
they don't care about death and killings
they don't care about robberies well
then why are you here oh my god I the
Secret Service gonna have to work
overtime to protect Donald Trump in this
crazy dangerous state of California and
if California is so dangerous how come
it's the richest state in the nation
one out of eight Americans live here
it's the sixth largest economy in the
world by itself we've got Hollywood
which is a engine for growth in Southern
California and it obviously sells their
products all across the world
you got Silicon Valley in the in the
north it is now a minority majority
state meaning that minorities blacks
Latinos Asians etc are more than white
people in California if that kind of
immigration was such a bad thing
how come California's the richest state
how come it's incredibly successful so
this talk of like run
crime running rampant in California is
preposterous in fact if California is in
such bad shape how come there are dozens
upon dozens of people who've got 250,000
dollars to give away to you at a dinner
hmm it's almost as if they we've been
pretty successful here in California
so he's ostensibly coming to look at the
wall and he in the past he is intimated
that he almost wants to like a Miss
Universe kind of pageant for the
different kinds of walls to build
because everything's a reality showing
everything right so but that's not
really why he's coming he goes through
the wall in Arizona he'd go see it in
Texas there's a lot of different places
he can see the wall he's coming to
California to see the wall when in
reality he's going to get a wall of
money from rich folks he said during the
campaign to Anna's point I don't need
their money I don't need their money
okay I have my own and all these
politicians up here during the
Republican primaries he said it over and
over again it was one of his most
successful lines and I and I said it at
the time I'm like that's a winning line
where he said I already bought all these
guys well Donald now they're buying you
hey they didn't I gave him two hundred
fifty thousand dollars a person for
their health that's right they're not
giving it for charity they're doing it
to buy your corrupt ass and that's what
you're actually coming to California
Donald Trump is the type of person who
knows exactly what to say to appeal to
people who feel left behind by our
system of government who feel like
they've been abandoned by establishment
politicians he knows exactly what to say
but while he talks the talk he never
walks the walk he basically filmed a
swamp with more swamp monsters and then
he's also raising a ton of money
$250,000 $250,000 per person that's not
20 $50,000 total in one fundraiser
that's per person per person
he has taken advantage and Exploited a
corrupt political system from the other
side as someone who acted as a donor and
now he's exploiting that same system as
a politician anyone who thinks that he
is anti-establishment or that he drains
the swamp is either completely
uninformed or is in denial okay cuz this
is what the reality
$250,000 per person okay by the way the
legal limit is supposed to be fifty four
hundred dollars for any one candidate in
one race twenty seven hundred in the
primary twenty seven hundred in the
general election so how are they getting
to put two hundred fifty thousand
dollars in per person some even higher
it's because the Supreme Court gutted
all the campaign campaign finance laws
so you just call it independent
expenditures they'd give it to the
Republican Party they give it to the
Republican governors and probably the
Senators and then forget all that party
stuff and the candidates themselves
which they do in masses but they then
give it to organizations that funnel it
in through dark money and all these
other super PACs and different kinds of
PACs so that is exactly what the
corruption is because the average
American knows that nobody's giving away
a quarter of a million dollars or more
because they're not getting a return on
investment
no there and in this case they got a
wonderful return on investment so while
you guys were getting nickels and dimes
in your paychecks because of those tax
cuts the average one-percenter gets a
tax cut of over fifty thousand dollars
but if you're really wealthy let's say
you're running in LLC that's a
pass-through business and it could even
be a small business at ten million
dollars a year in revenue for example I
think is considered a small business
might seem like a lot to the average
person but it's a small business it's
not billions of dollars well the amount
of money that they could save is one and
a half a two million dollars per year so
if this guy gave you millions of dollars
per year giving him back two hundred
fifty thousand dollars so he can do it
again it's actually a pretty good
investment it's not a charity they're
buying him he's going to an auction
where they have purchased him and it
doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a
Republican you know that and that's
exactly the what you were complaining
about when you wanted Trump to drain the
swamp
unfortunately he was lying to you
through and through if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
