education secretary Betsy DeVos was
interviewed by Leslie Stahl on 60
minutes and among the interview
questions they delved into the issue of
school choice something that Betsy DeVos
has been criticized by a great number of
people now the interview was a disaster
and even White House members of the
White House spoke out about how they
didn't love her performance because she
was ill-prepared but before we get to
the heart of the discussion regarding
school choice let's go to the one
question and answer portion that I
thought was amazing given the fact that
she is the education secretary take a
look have you seen the really bad
schools maybe try to figure out what
what they're doing I have not I have not
I've not intentionally visited schools
that are underperforming maybe you
should maybe I should yes now I might
have unintentionally visited those
schools that was an accident but I mean
I didn't want to intentionally visit any
poor people you know I'm a billionaire
that would be unbecoming
she's the education secretary and she
goes off about how our public schools
are failing and we need to fix them and
her solution is to take taxpayer money
out of our public schools and funnel
them into either private schools in the
form of vouchers or charter schools
which is what the heart of this
discussion is about she thinks that if
she says anything with a smile on her
face that is gonna work and this and
that's just not how it works on the
national spotlight that might have
worked in the when you were big donor
and there's a couple different issues
here that I'm gonna get to in a little
bit as to what her real problems are and
she's surrounded by sycophants
so since she's a billionaire and she's a
huge Republican donor so everybody's
constantly kissing her ass so when she
comes in with that pleasant smile like
no I haven't done my job they're like oh
bravo Bravo Betsy you did it again so
let's say that she's had over a year
being the education secretary she just
couldn't find any time to go to a poorly
performing school she but she could then
say you know
but I didn't but I'll tell you what I've
studied at length and here are my
conclusions hasn't studied at length
which is abundantly clear in this
interview and also keep in mind yes
she's the education secretary but what
are her qualifications for being an
education secretary she has no teaching
or administrative experience the only
experience she has had is pushing for
charter schools in her own state of
Michigan which has been a complete and
utter disaster
so Lesley Stahl touches on that very
issue in the following portion of the
video take a look
but when parents choose these options
taxpayer funds follow the child they're
gonna help you and that means that the
public school left behind can end up
with less money
why take money away from that school
that's not working to bring them up to a
level where they are that school is
working well we should be funding
investing in students not in school
school buildings not in institutions not
in systems and so it should be it's who
are back at the school it's not working
what about kids well in places where
there have been where there is a lot of
choice that's been introduced Florida
for example the studies show that when
there's a large number of students that
opt to go to a different school or
different schools the traditional public
schools actually the results get better
as well now has that happened to
Michigan where in Michigan this year
home state Michigan yes well there's
lots of great options and choices for
students here the public schools and
Michigan gotten better I don't know
overall I can't say overall that they
have all gotten better the whole state
is not doing well well there are
certainly lots of pockets where the
students are doing what your argument
that if you take funds away that the
schools will get better is not working
in Michigan where you had a huge impact
and influence over the direction of the
school system here so that was
incredible especially given the fact
that again she's the person who pushed
for these charter schools and she can't
answer to the
lack of success experienced by the state
of Michigan now let's get into the
numbers and let's get into some of the
specific things that she said in in that
answer first of all I just want to say
that charter schools are mixed back okay
Minh who says charter schools are all
bad is wrong anyone who says charter
schools are all good and that's the
solution they're also wrong they're
lying the fact of the matter is some
charter schools do outperform public
schools in some districts and vice-versa
now let's get to some of the specifics
she specifically mentioned the state of
Florida and how school choice has been a
positive thing in Florida well in
reality yes some of the charter schools
in Florida performed well however there
have been a lot of issues because
charter schools are not regulated the
same way that public schools are so if
you look at Florida there was a 2014
report that indicated that 119 charter
schools had shut down since 2008 okay
and they shut down because they were
failing miserably in fact 14 of those
schools didn't finish the first school
year that's amazing so these are the
stats that never get talked about ever
ever now again there are some charter
schools that perform well but you've got
to look at the whole picture and the
whole picture is it's a mixed bag there
is no uniformity when it comes to
charter schools the standards are
different and also oversight is very
different from what you would get from a
public school and so there's a couple of
things that are important about that
lacking oversight so Republicans
obviously offset regulations you don't
need those thinking regulations anyway
well if someone didn't even finish their
first year of school what did they do
they were enrolled kids and said come
here and they started with studying and
the middle of the year they're like you
don't have a school good luck I don't
care I'm a for-profit institution I
wasn't making money I don't care about
you or your education see that's why you
use the government for some things like
putting out fires and having cops
because if you privatize those things
they'll only protect the people who paid
them and it's also true for public
education because if you're doing it for
profit and it's not working that's a guy
I already lost too much money so all of
you guys
done goodluck go try to find a new
school in the middle of the school year
I wasn't regulated what difference does
it make to me right and by the way you
could also cherry-pick better students
to recruit them to your private schools
and then the state of the public schools
good luck with those students they're
not performing as well
I didn't recruit them there's a lot of
different mix of how you could do that
in charter schools some do some don't
and then by the way when you strip the
money out of the public schools to
create the charter schools when the
government does that at the behest of
people like Betsy DeVos then the public
schools have less money not just for the
buildings but for the students and then
you've set them up to fail and they do
that on purpose so they can then turn
around and go I'm gonna privatize even
more schools but even defunding them
even doing that trick and on a mass
scale like they did at Michigan because
their boss pushed so hard for it a lot
of the charter schools do worse than
public schools that means that is a
miserable track record if they have all
of those advantages they should on
average be doing way better than the
public schools and that has been the
thesis of people like Betsy DeVos and
overall it is not true and that thesis
is so disingenuous because they
absolutely despise public schools and
they've been so transparent about that
and so to say oh creating more private
schools or school choice or charters is
actually going to lead to more
competition between these charter
schools and these public schools and so
public schools are going to do better
they're gonna compete a little harder
it's it's difficult to compete when a a
public school is already underfunded and
B the the government decides to take
what little resources that public school
already has and then funnel it into
either charter schools or public schools
now keep in mind that charter schools do
not have teachers unions okay so that's
one thing that the right wing absolutely
loves about charter schools they despise
the unions and then to keep in mind that
they are publicly funded with taxpayer
money but privately run which reminds me
a lot of private prisons that's exactly
how private prisons work you know Anna
and I did not talk about this before the
show but that's almost the same exact
analogy I was about to use and
hooting the cherry-picking because for
example the private prisons leave the
sicker inmates in the public facilities
oftentimes so then the public prisons
have to pay a lot more in health care
and it's a neat little trick and they
still don't perform as well as the
public prisons in terms of any metrics
that you guide them against no matter
how much they cherry pick
they still don't perform as well at
least in the private prisons in the
charter schools despite all those
advantages it's about even and that is a
terrible track record so let me give you
more statistics and more evidence to
back this up because I don't want anyone
to think oh we're anti charter schools
even if they're performing well we're
gonna say negative things again it's a
mixed bag some charter schools do
perform well but if you look at the
broader picture some studies indicate
that mmm they don't necessarily perform
well as a whole so 2009 study from the
RAND Corporation found little evidence
that the presence of charter schools
affect the achievement scores of
students in nearby traditional public
schools either positively or negatively
also a 2016 analysis of New York City
schools found positive effects in public
schools near these charter programs but
the effect was linked to increased
spending at those public schools not
necessarily increased competition and
then let's look at one of the largest
studies into charter schools throughout
the country analysts at Stanford look
into this ever so often every so ever so
often and the more recent study came out
last year in 2017 the Stanford analysts
compared reading and math state-based
standardized test scores between charter
school and public school students in 15
states as well as scores in the District
of Columbia experts found that 37% of
charter schools posted improvements in
math scores however these improvement
rates were significantly below the
improvement rates of students in public
school classrooms 46 percent of charter
schools experienced math improvements
that were statistically
indistinguishable from the average
improvement rates shown by public school
students so look at best that's even at
best and
so now by the way you mentioned unions
why are they against unions do you think
oh it's because their unions cost too
much money or they're not teaching the
students well enough no unions donate to
Democrats that is part of the reason why
Republicans want to destroy them it's
also because they get better wages for
their workers so for private industry
all their private donors want to destroy
the unions and even if they start with a
public sector they think it'll affect
how private sector unions are doing as
well and I want you to understand the
two different things that Anna just
explained one is how do charter schools
do versus public schools and despite all
their advantages as you saw the numbers
there it's about even the second thing
is what venti the boss was talking about
she was claiming that the charter
schools make the even though they're
taking away money from public schools
somehow magically make them better
because of competition and that is not
supported by the facts at all okay so
that she's wrong about that one and then
finally look I used to think competition
between schools would make them better
I'm an American I and I'm a competitive
dude and I thought that would work and
then we studied Finland and it turns out
Finland went in the opposite direction
and went to number one in education
throughout the world
math science etc always in the top three
every single year and often number one
and what do they do they took away all
private schools and when I first read
that I was like no I can't I've got to
be reading this wrong so I read article
after article and it turns out one of
the things that happens on why it
succeeds is then Bill Gates son is in
your school and all the rich people's
and in New York all those bankers kids
are in the school same public schools as
the as both the poor and the middle
class kids and you know what they do
they pull those schools up because
they're not gonna let their kids go to
bad schools so now what do they do they
drain away all the best students and
best resources to private schools then
they're not done yet in America then
they create charter schools and take
taxpayer money yeah and strip even more
money and talent out of the public
schools and then go what what what why
aren't public schools doing any better
and so that's the scam that's being
played on you and I just to end this
want to point out two cases of abuse in
the charter school system because there
is a lack of oversight and as a result
whenever there's money involved whenever
there's taxpayer money involved there's
gonna be issues with people trying to
steal that money so one example was in
Pennsylvania where ten school
administrators pleaded guilty to
embezzling school funds and also to
obstruction of justice so they were
essentially using the charter school as
their own slush fund another example was
in Ohio where charter schools were lying
about the attendance in order to receive
more taxpayer money the more students
they go to the charter school the more
money they receive from taxpayers and so
of course if there's gonna be a lack of
oversight and there's gonna be money
involved there are gonna be issues and
it again reminds me a lot of some of the
abuses we see in the private prison
industry and my final point is why was
she so unprepared because if you're the
you're in the cabinet this is your job
this is your sole job and you argued
your whole life for charter schools they
should be layup questions they should be
really really simple my god it's
Michigan is your petri dish for creating
more charter schools and you did you
push them push and bribed almost all the
politicians legally by pouring money
into their coffers to get more charter
schools and including religious ones
that you ones that you care the most
about so don't you know that Michigan
numbers at all can't you at least come
up with a misleading stat about Michigan
to make it seem better no why because
she has affluenza she was born into a
family that are billionaires so unlike
you and I her success like Donald Trump
her success has never been tied to merit
that's why they don't do their homework
because homework never led to good
results which led to success for them
that's how it goes for the middle class
success was just dumped into their lap
so doing their work is a foreign concept
to them she's never been challenged
before all she's ever had was yes Betsy
absolutely mr. boss you're absolutely
right mr. boss how can I get some more
of your
money mr. boss so even though she's a
cabinet-level person here who should
know charter schools and public schools
the ones that are doing well the ones
that are doing poorly she should have
all these different ideas and forget the
stats but at least have a concept of
what's doing well and what's doing
poorly she has none of that
as she brazenly walks into a sixty
minutes interview without a thought in
her head without a fact in her head and
she just thinks if I smile politely and
I'm a billionaire I'll have everything
handed to me Oh golly gee why didn't he
accept my smile on my empty head if this
is the person in charge of educating our
kids we're in for a world of hurt if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com slash joy
