in the state of Kansas we got great news
in the third District that's a unique
district that's in Kansas but I voted
for Hillary Clinton and in the primaries
that voted for Bernie Sanders over
Hillary Clinton so it has a chance of
being progressive unfortunately right
now represented by Kevin Yoder or
Republican who is one of the worst
Republicans in the country the number
one recipient of payday lender money and
of course has authored bills to
deregulate payday lenders how surprising
so anyway the good news here is that
Democrats have an excellent chance of
taking this district back and there's a
candidate who's killing it his name is
Brent welder and he's meeting Kevin
Yoder the incumbent in a recent poll
released 49 to 42 so ladies and
gentlemen we got him so if everybody
helps Brent welder he is very likely to
win that's a seven-point lead already
that's fantastic so what is the
Democratic Party gonna do they're gonna
try to bring someone else into the race
oh for God's sake are you kidding me
there's already a lot of candidates in
that race but brent is leading he's
doing a great job he's got an army out
there as volunteers there's people
donating there's people who were
passionate about it he is he was a
Bernie Sanders delegate and in that
district that plays really well and he
introduced an amendment to the
Democratic platform to get money out
maybe that's why they're opposed to so
let's go to the local paper here Kansas
City Star to see what's happening now a
Leawood woman with experience in the
banking industry has entered the
Democratic field trying to unseat
Republican US Representative Kevin Yoder
oh great you got a banker wonderful
that'll really energize the grassroots
and get people to show up to vote the
Democrats see that Brent welder has a
lead and they're like okay we could win
this thing we've got a real progressive
we could win this thing so how do we
screw it up let's recruit a banker Oh
God Jesus Christ man Sylvia Williams
candidate that's the person that they're
excited about the apparently Democratic
Party or some donors say I do believe
that we need to improve the
dialogue and have people that are
focused on getting some of these issues
pushed forward and maybe just take down
the tone of the rhetoric some in
Washington so the new banking executives
philosophy is don't fight Trump and the
Republicans too much tone down the
rhetoric
I mean Brent welder he seems so loud the
way that he's fighting to get money out
of politics why is that so bad
own down the rhetoric that's the number
one problem in Washington not close
another candidate running against Brent
welder has two campaign slogans the
courage to compromise and I swear
leading from the middle the middle okay
how about you support the guy winning 49
to 42 against a Republican incumbent I
know that would be revolutionary well if
they're not gonna do it we're gonna do
it I've told you guys before TYT Kansas
calm go there we'll have the link down
below in the description box on youtube
comment section on Facebook you always
find that easy to click links they're
raising money for Brent welders small
donors at a time
Brent was on this show in five minutes
we out raised Kevin Yoder small donors
that he took a whole quarter for he
ordered the Republican Party in coming
Hazari in that last quarter of last year
raised over half a million dollars over
$500,000 less than $500 of that was from
donors giving less than $200 he has
almost no real support and in five
minutes we raise way more than he did
from small donors go to TYT Kansas com
if the Democratic donors are not gonna
support Brent Walder the Democratic
Party is not gonna support him I don't
know where they're gonna be in the
general election but certainly in the
primary there like bankers anybody
anybody but it looks like Brent welders
doing great so let's find someone else
don't let him do it
don't let him do it go donate and we'll
have those links to go and to
volunteering and to his website Brent
welder calm go make a difference
especially if you live in that district
volunteer is the most important thing
but if you live anywhere let's go
actually win that seat for a progressive
who cares to do the right things if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart
and so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
younger so every day
