really interesting election going on in
Pennsylvania it's a special election
they're gonna redistricting districts in
Pennsylvania and so they'll have to do
it all over again and two guys in the
straight race might be interestingly in
different districts next time around
which the 2018 elections but in this
special election it's important because
it's a bellwether Trump won this
district by about 20 points
so can the Republicans keep it that
shouldn't be a difficult question I mean
Jesus you do want to buy twenty with
okay maybe you win it by fifteen but it
shouldn't be that close well of course
it is now Trump went to do a rally for
Rick sicko the Republican candidate in
that race but what was funny is that he
said a lot of crazy things that he
taught for over an hour but he hardly
mentioned Rick sarcone so why well let's
go to Axios to find out Jonathan Swan
writing there's a reason Trump said
hardly anything about Republican
candidate Rick sarcone during a rally in
Pennsylvania on Saturday night that was
supposed to promote his candidacy
the reason Trump thinks surcoat is a
terrible quote weak candidate according
to four sources who've spoken to the
president about him yeah
you're not losing twenty point leads all
across the country including in places
like Oklahoma and Kansas because of Rick
Ciccone there's another factor involved
here and it might be the president now
let's give you a lot more context here
Nate Silver explains the district
district voted for Trump by 20 points
and Romney by 17 the previous Republican
incumbent there Tim Murphy didn't even
have a democratic challenger in 2014 or
2016 that's how a Republican district
was and Murphy won by 28 points the last
time he did back in 2012 so this is not
a purple district this is a deeply red
district Republicans even terrible
candidates like Mitt Romney when they're
easily but that is not the case now now
we'll go to the hill Democratic Connor
Lamb who is obviously running against
Taccone is gaining ground in
Pennsylvania's closely watched special
election and holds a six-point lead over
Republicans sarcone according to a poll
released the day before the race now
that's a mamma's poll it's a little bit
of an outlier and if you take a smaller
set of the people that have voted in
previous elections then you get down to
a two-point advantage for lamb and other
polls have it closer most of them have
lamb winning some still have Sacko and
holding on to a very narrow margin but
overall it's at best even so you've lost
20 points there at a minimum of you take
the last contested election in that
district for Congress you've lost 28
points that is a significant trend and
it's not just about one candidate but of
course the Republicans would like to
blame it on that now you could say well
Rick school is not doing a good job of
raising money and that's relatively true
konna lamb has actually out raised them
on a personal level but that is deeply
misleading because secona has more money
because of independent expenditures the
dark money that is flowing in from
people like the Koch brothers TYT
investigates has a good story about that
we'll put the link down below from that
story and let me quote Alex Koch one of
our reporters here as of March 12th the
top six outside spending groups in the
race have all sided with sarcone
accounting for ten point three million
dollars or 84 percent of the total
independent spending according to
campaign finance data compiled by Pro
Publica so most of the outside money is
going to Ciccone as significantly so and
he's got a ton of money so money isn't
the real issue anyone who says otherwise
is bad at best case scenario not
well-versed with the facts okay so back
to Axios now the gentlemen Swan explains
Shizuko loose Republicans will be quick
to describe his losses meaningless and
will argue it's not a bellwether for
November's elections they'll say he was
a terrible candidate and that his loss
should be a wake-up call to other
Republican candidates who may be getting
lazy about their fundraising now I just
explained to you why that is a piss-poor
excuse that is just not the reality of
the matter it is not money that is
making a difference it's nots kkona
kkona in particular otherwise you
not massive swings in places like
Kentucky Oklahoma Kansas and the list
goes on and on
deeply read places in Wisconsin flipping
the governor there's Scott Walker saying
that it is a wake-up call for the
Republican Party but this is a cup party
that is in deep slumber mode and they
refuse to wake up to the real problem
which is Donald Trump
so CNN interviewed some ciccone
supporters here so they're Republicans
let's listen in on what one of them
thinks about how Trump is helping or not
helping in this particular race
that's why while I'm still supporting
Ciccone it did cause me to look
if anything if I was telling that tell
Trump to stay away because
you're saying that the president's
support of Ciccone and his rally for
Ciccone would make you less inclined to
support so those are two Republican
voters saying they're less inclined to
support the Republican in fact they're
looking at the Democrat now because
Trump is supporting ciccone so they're
thinking of fleeing from the scene so
that gives you a sense of what's
happening across the country finally
we're gonna go to Amy Walter from the
cook Political Report and their job is
to just look at the numbers here and see
how things are playing out in terms of
politics and they say this is a red
congressional district that should go
for the generic Republican but the
environment today is much worse than
quote normal for Republicans that's not
because of Ciccone or lamb but because
of Trump that part is obvious but of
course the president is thin-skinned and
would never admit to that
so like the child that he is of course
he's blaming everyone but himself so
he's ostensibly going to help Ciccone
there but all he does is talk about
himself for an hour at that rally and
then leaks to the press that it's all
the candidates fault and not his classic
Donald Trump and one of the many reasons
why people have soured on him and why
these red districts are now up for grabs
and the Democrats look to be in pretty
good shape there what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
