good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
first about guns the company that made
the rifle used in the parklands school
shooting has now answered some of the
questions submitted by its largest
investor the Blackrock hedge fund as we
told you last week Blackrock is asking
every gun maker in investing for details
about what they're doing to reduce
criminal use of their products I want to
share some of the response they got from
American Outdoor brands which owns Smith
& Wesson which made the MMP 15 rifle
that killed 17 people on Valentine's Day
you may recall that the CEO won mr.
James Dabney has been honored by the
National Rifle Association for topping 1
million dollars in donations
the NRA of course serves as the public
face for gun companies that don't want
to be seen pushing back against laws
that might threaten their sales you
should also know that Blackrock is
American outdoor brands biggest investor
owning 11% of the company in his letter
to Blackrock last week
Dabney said his company will consider
quote reasonable proposals with an open
mind however he said and I quote the
solution is not to make a politically
motivated action that has an adverse
impact on our company but results in no
increase in public safety that's a
direct quote he went on to say that we
must collectively have the courage to
ensure that our actions quote are guided
by data
it was the NRA which mr. Deveny supports
that helped kill federal collection and
study of exactly that data
one of Blackrock specific questions was
about research and development of
technology such as trigger locks or
smart guns to reduce the odds of
accidents or misuse
here's devonee's response quote as far
as whether we invest in R&D in this area
we do not we are a manufacturing company
not a technology company and we are
poorly situated to hire those with the
knowledge and expertise to develop such
technology and otherwise compete with
technology companies who are far more
knowledgeable in this area in fact to
divert significant resources to these
initiatives would be irresponsible when
the most recent market research shows
there's very little interest or desire
among firearm consumers for smart gun
products even if they were available end
of his rather long quote very little
interest in smart gun products the truth
is the fact is polling shows some 60% of
potential gun buyers would be interested
in exactly that as for whether American
outdoor brands is really a manufacturing
company four days before that letter on
March 2nd the company's own filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission
said it is not a manufacturing company
in the section where it's asked to
identify the kind of company it is
choosing not manufacturing but quote
other and whether they're capable of
developing new products well on March
1st
Dabney held a conference call with Wall
Street analysts he assured them that the
company is in good shape despite
plummeting gun sales
thanks to their innovation and
development of new products developing
new products a large component of our
organic growth strategy is focused on
continuous product innovation and we are
excited about the pipeline of new
offerings and development with a wide
range of additional products time for
rollout in fiscal
the day after devonee's letter to
Blackrock
Anthony Borges went into surgery Anthony
is 15 years old on Valentine's Day
devonee's MMP 15 rifle sent five bullets
into Anthony's body as he blocked the
door at Marjorie Stoneham Douglas high
school to help his classmates escape the
technology of that rifle creates a
shockwave around the bullets blowing
apart tissue the bullets never even
touch one of those bullets sent a
shockwave through Anthony's intestines
doctors were worried that a resulting
ulcer might lead to infection Anthony is
now back in a medically induced coma
back in intensive care recovering from
surgery and facing more if he's lucky in
his letter Dabney said the first course
of action must involve mental health on
Friday three days later a combat veteran
who was getting treatment shot and
killed three mental health workers and
in himself
Dabney also said in his letter that his
company supports enforcement of gun laws
then on Friday three days later the NRA
sued the state of Florida to stop its
new law raising age for gun purchases
one final note here Smith and Wesson
tried pursuing smart gun technology in
the past they stopped because of a
massive boycott by some gun owners a
boycott just for attempting to make
smart guns and option as long as
hardcore gun owners remain willing to
boycott common-sense measures like that
it may be time for the rest of us to
boycott hardcore gun owners now to
Congress in 1982 a bipartisan majority
in Congress bipartisan passed what was
called the depart
Nitori institutions act deregulating
savings and loans companies four years
later the savings and loan crisis began
more than a thousand SNL's disappeared
before it was over taxpayers would spend
132 billion dollars to bail out the
Savings & Loan industry in 1999 a
bipartisan majority in Congress blew up
the firewall between lending banks and
investment banks Congress didn't pass
another bill making it easier to gamble
on derivatives eight years later the
mortgage crisis began dozens of
financial institutions went under almost
taking the u.s. automobile industry with
them taxpayers spent seven hundred
billion dollars on bank bailouts in 2018
this week to be specific a bipartisan
majority sands poised to pass the
Senate's economic growth' regulatory
relief and consumer protection act as
it's called as we reported you last week
that bill also known as the Crapo bill
for Republican sponsor Mike Crapo will
lift some restrictions on smaller banks
but it will also liberate larger banks
with up to a quarter trillion dollars in
assets from those restrictions 17
senators in the Democratic caucus voted
last week to advance the bill seven of
them own stock and banks and other
financial firms that stand to benefit
from the bill according to a new report
by Alice Koch of The Young Turks one
Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri
with her husband owns more than a
million dollars in Warren Buffett's
company Berkshire Hathaway as The Young
Turks reported Berkshire Hathaway owns a
mobile home company that would now be
allowed to steer buyers to lending
companies also owned by Berkshire
Hathaway
you should also know that some banks
will no longer have to report some data
on their borrowers that means the data
that reveal patterns of discriminatory
lending will now be incomplete which in
turn means even banks that do report
such data will be harder to prosecute
because the overall patterns will be
tougher to prove this comes at a time
when the agency that's supposed to
enforce against racial discrimination on
mortgages automobile loans and other
landings
well it doesn't and to cap things off we
learned last week that the Department of
Housing and Urban Development is
considering changing its mission
statement to drop freedom from housing
discrimination and replace that with
quote opportunities to achieve
self-sufficiency that's the context in
which the Senate this week takes up the
Crapo bill ironically the members of
Congress most likely to kill it all
Republicans who think it should help
banks more if those Republicans finally
refused to back it they'll put Democrats
in position to say something about this
bill at that point if it happens it'll
be in the hands of Democratic leadership
two of whom senators Chuck Schumer and
congressman senior were in Congress back
when the old depository institutions act
fast at the time they were co-sponsors
this time we'll be watching the Trump
cabinets crazy spending the takeaway
isn't what you may think I'll explain
right after this
hey Dave as you can probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching that documentary
on the Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing live TV
as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and who's in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're the time where it's you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history the White House called four
cabinet secretaries in for a tongue
lashing about their spending habits
among other embarrassments that's
according to a story from CNN called in
were ben Carson of Housing and Urban
Development Interior Secretary Orion's
inky David shokhin at Veterans Affairs
and Scott Pruett from the EPA they were
hauled in for luxury travel exorbitant
furniture and a $139,000 door it's
important to hold government officials
accountable for how they spend taxpayer
dollars and when the party in power
claims to want small government is easy
to call out hypocrisy and there is some
but it's also important to resist the
siren call of austerity to remember the
value of government spending government
spending after all helps the economy
government spending in no small way
created the middle class and it leads us
out of recessions government spending is
a powerful tool to normalize costs of
things that should be expensive because
the costs are worth it
things like skilled labor sustainable
materials and methods historic
preservation aesthetics and beauty these
things are valuable and invaluable but
we are the richest nation in history if
we choose to use these resources we have
the resources for great things such as
what well high-speed rail walking on
Mars schools housing medical care these
things have infinite value to millions
of us and that value is not perishable
it extrapolates through the decades and
we applaud when billionaires wrap
themselves in luxury we think how cool
it is when they send rockets into space
well we the people used to do that
before we gave them our money we used to
use it not for amusement or
self-aggrandizement but for our mutual
benefit to admire private executives for
those things but deny them for us our
government and our executives takes a
sad sort of self-loathing and maybe the
problem isn't paying people $139,000 to
make one door maybe the problem is
paying people millions to run entire
companies into the basement we as a
nation as a people as a society we have
the resources for everyone to live at
least reasonably well when they tell you
we don't they're setting you up to tell
you we can't teach anyone how's anyone
or treat anyone our government workers
should have nice offices and travel at
least fairly comfortably we all should
if you're not convinced America has the
money for big things you should know
about president Trump's military parade
as we told you last month the parade was
first floated as a way to show
appreciation for active duty service
members we said it at a time that there
was something grotesque about trying to
throw a victory parade that the
commander-in-chief's house while the men
and women serving under him are still
taking fire well according to a new
Pentagon memo the parade in a shift will
now actually be for veterans on Veterans
Day no one this week paid much attention
to the flip from active duty to retired
military another indication most people
still seem to think the parade is mostly
for President Trump and then there's the
money the White House itself estimates
that the parade from the White House to
the Capitol complete with military
flyovers will cost as much as the
million dollars President Trump wanted
tanks to but the Pentagon said no to
that also consider the timing president
Trump asked for the parade in January
and got a yes in less than two months
meanwhile active duty military asks way
back on June 7th for danger paid bonuses
for serving in a handful of countries
including Nigeria where four American
servicemen were killed last year the
Trump administration approved that
request last week by the way those
troops will get an additional two
hundred and twenty five dollars every
month - $50 from hazardous duty pay that
they now lose because of pentagon caps
on combining such incentives and no
parade coming up next the story you
haven't heard about the devastation in
the making in Puerto Rico
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future we have sometimes
stumble we have sometimes fallen short
but we can renew our national purpose if
we recognize that what unites us is far
greater and stronger than all that
divides us look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some amazing
ones recently so now of course you know
the person most widely considered to be
the most progressive senator is Bernie
Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where it's you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history the power is coming back in
Puerto Rico but it's also going away
electrical power has now been restored
to at least 89 percent of the people
there
six months after two hurricanes in
Puerto Rico spiraling into the darkness
of America's biggest blackout ever
however Puerto Rico's political power is
fainter than ever
last week legislators there advanced a
bill opening the door to future rate
hikes on that electrical power 11% of
the island still doesn't have keep in
mind before the storms photo Rico's
electricity was already more expensive
than any States but Hawaii now the
government there is moving to sell off
their troubled power utility known as
prepa on Friday Governor Ricardo Rozelle
reportedly said that he will work to
keep rates down and that whoever buys
prepa
will still have to answer to regulators
who can cap two utilities rates but just
days earlier the bill to privatize prepa
was changed to block regulators from
capping future rate hikes
this makes prepper a more attractive
target for purchase now whichever power
company buys prepa can make his money
back quicker off the backs of his Puerto
Rican customers prepper would also no
longer have to answer for things like
renewable energy the road toward higher
power rates for this devastated region
is opening up even as it looks to sell
off other assets not just highways but
it's schools too all of it to pay off
the massive 72 billion dollar debt held
by Wall Street hedge funds
and mutual funds almost half of it just
interest and if you ever doubted that
old saying that being poor is expensive
consider that we learned last week that
the first five months of Puerto Rico's
bankruptcy case will cost 77 million
dollars in legal fees and expenses the
storms have been gone for months and yet
Puerto Rico is getting weaker not
stronger their rationing water and
selling off resources while some of the
richest people in the world
squeeze them daily for money more money
and President Trump
watches as an American paradise slips
beneath the waves in the space of one
year
Puerto Rico has endured the biggest
blackout in American history and the
largest bankruptcy the America I know
not only forecasts storms
it helps storm victims recover in Puerto
Rico today America is the storm
President Trump and Kim Jong and what we
need to know about diplomacy that's
straight ahead
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be kept low some takes to crown
the best sales force out there is
Merrill Lynch and now it goes to B hey
it's pretty amazing we're going to see a
stabilization and just a tremendous
snapback the Occupy Wall Street movement
is not it's not a spontaneous protest
against economic inequality this is what
we mean by the establishment press it is
a well thought out a well thought out
campaign to bring down the
infrastructure rupture of this country
the embarrassment is that I'm given
credibility in this world because of the
disappointment that the public has and
what the news media does
I've perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them
it's do everything that we can without
going to war so here you say to your
critics I'm talking about democratic
critics who say you know what your is
really just the socialist passive I very
rarely read in any coverage of Bernie
that he's a socialist Bernie Sanders is
a socialist for God's sake most analysts
is saying that Hillary Clinton's gonna
win in a landslide I continue to believe
mr. Trump will not be President got
Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
you
and finally speaking with the enemy over
the course of my career I've seen few
skills and human initiatives more
important and more undervalued than
statecraft in the annals of our nation's
history we tend to celebrate generals
more than secretaries of state it's
unfortunate because it has been the
mixture of hard power and soft power
that has led to many of our greatest
foreign policy successes avoiding Wars
keeping the peace is almost always
preferable to trying to win wars these
thoughts ring in my head once again with
the developments over possible
negotiations and indeed possibly a
face-to-face summit between President
Donald Trump and the head of the highly
repressive volatile and isolated nation
of North Korea Kim Jong on it's not
surprising that the rollout of this
truly momentous policy shift was done
haphazardly and in midst a great cloud
of confusion as such has been the
standard operating procedure for this
administration we are left with many
very serious questions
will there be preconditions where will
always take place what about the fact
that our diplomatic corps has been
hollowed out and dispirited under the
Trump presidency we don't even have an
ambassador to South Korea is what we
have seen from President Trump and his
approach to serious policy concerns
reason for grave concern about whether
he will prepare himself for these
negotiations are we raising Kim's
stature and legitimizing his regime
these and many more questions continue
to pour forth it's okay to try to
drastically shift the foreign policy
dynamic we saw that when President Nixon
went to China but as someone who was
covering the White House at that time I
can assure you that was a highly prepare
and strategic maid affair
it was strategized from one end to the
other nothing about the current impulse
towards North Korea inspires the same
confidence look I know a lot of people
are downright scared afraid to think of
President Trump meeting face to face
with a dangerous enemy I understand that
in some ways it's justified but that
being said I do remain a big believer in
talking before shooting if you can
possibly do it and while there's reason
plenty of reason for great skepticism we
also need to hold on to some hope even
if it's just an ember diplomacy didn't
used to be as political as partisan
political as it's become and I would
gently suggest we need to return a sense
of purpose and support to our diplomats
but president Trump has to be made to
understand that you can't just wing this
thing the job of commander-in-chief is
not just about rallies and retweets it
is hard work and fewer things are more
difficult and more serious than
negotiations with an emergent nuclear
power especially one as cryptic and
paranoid as North Korea we need to lower
tensions on the Korean Peninsula
we need reasons for optimism but we also
need a sober realism we've already seen
the White House walk back some of the
recklessness of president Trump's
initial rollout that's a positive first
step but we need a lot more this is too
serious and too consequential to be
driven by gut instinct ego and hubris I
hope that can sink in before we plunge
into a course of folly
this is an opportunity albeit a slim one
for some real progress if we take it
with his seriousness required is an open
question whether President Trump can
muster and sustain the kind of
seriousness needed
it's up to us to demand it of him with
that I'll leave you for this new cycle
the Young Turks is next and we'll be
back with the news at this same place
and time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then Dan Rather reporting stay steady
