recently The Hollywood Reporter featured
cast members from Silicon Valley on
their cover and the cover was clever it
said
the triumph of the beta male as you can
see and of course in the context of
Silicon Valley beta refers to tech right
maybe it's we all know that like anyone
who has two brain cells understands that
but conservatives don't because they
think that this was a commentary about
how masculinity is a bad thing and how
there's this war on masculinity that
liberals keep forcing down everyone's
throat which is obviously not the case
but nonetheless I love the fact that The
Hollywood Reporter is getting under
their skin and I especially love the
videos that we're about to show you so
Fox and Friends discuss this and they
had a dude in a cowboy hat on to discuss
the importance of masculinity and it's
just a lot of fun let's take a look I'm
married you won't believe I'm married to
a lumberjack a professional lumberjack
and I'm congressman and he's happens to
be a congressman I married him because
he was a lumberjack I I don't think
women really like that beta male thing
what do you know what women like they're
like men they like men that are men and
men that are confident in being men and
I'm giving you permission right now
America be masculine yeah you know what
women really love a dude in a cowboy hat
telling them what they like yeah we're
speaking on behalf of all of us
including her which is woman's self-hate
sometimes it just really bothers me just
me you know this guy calls himself a
comedian so this so that you'll know the
toxicity that we have to deal with
sometimes in our field because that
toxic masculinity is so prevalent in the
world of comedy but people like that
make me nervous because those are the
people that I think that watch gay porn
my favorite part of that exchange though
was when she's like I married a
lumberjack and who was the other dude
was that yeah anyway anaconda scene like
yeah dude my friend and a congressman
like dude you didn't marry him because
he's a lumberjack
yeah prosecutor first and you know
whatever you're not like turned on by
this dude rolling logs you're not like
yes the other guys anyway so look it's a
nice little pun by The Hollywood
Reporter and it's a comedy show I don't
know if they know that Silicon Valley
right yeah and so it - can't we just let
anything go yeah it's like a little play
on words the culture war is open on all
fronts take that it's like the Hollywood
Reporter like it like it it's like the
Conservatives what do they care I mean
it's like a small trade magazine right
but you know the the culture war which
is just all about resentment these days
like especially on the right you know
how much resentment can i generate you
know like what are you saying that you
know like a there's nothing worse than
being a straight white male in America
these days but he felt white Christian
male yeah and I and then I can't help
but to think that this is the the
ideology that continues to feed what it
that problem that we keep having with
these young white males that go around
and shoot and kill a bunch of people
because of that bad pressure to be
masculine it's and be hard and to be
alpha so I love that you you brought up
the pressure because here's here's what
the reality of the situation is there
isn't like this secret like propaganda
campaign like we're not putting you know
I don't know the pills is like sneaking
pills into people's drinks to like make
them more effeminate like it's insulting
to men that you're pressuring them to be
one way or the other I I don't care how
a guy decides to live his life I don't
care whether or not he's deciding to be
a little more feminine a little softer
or if he wants to be a raw a log roller
whatever it's it's none of my business
he should live his life in a way that's
comfortable and authentic for him as
long as he's not harming others
obviously right and like with the
right-wing they do the exact thing that
they accused liberals of doing where
they're constantly pressuring men to be
a certain way just let these guys
breathe and be who they want to be I
actually want to talk about this insane
a projection that they do in it but I
want to play one more clip from Chad
Prather the so called comedian and then
we'll talk about it why is there such a
war on masculinity there is I mean the
worst thing you can be in America today
is a white heterosexual Christian male I
mean there's an all-out war on people so
I don't understand why there is just
such a such just such a battle just to
be masculine why is it and then you're
offensive if you are I mean I'm gonna
have people who are gonna get on here
they're gonna see the little segment
that we put on Twitter or whatever this
and they're gonna say oh my gosh it's a
guy in a cowboy hat what does he know
well I you mean tonight you'll probably
eat me tag on account boy he had
probably raised that cow oh okay I
thought all those betas were vegans
anyway so these are the same kind of
guys that like trouble comes into a room
and shouts I'm a very stable yes right
like okay well who asked you to do like
what is it about you that like like I
never had to shout in a room like hey
guys no really really I'm really
powerful and strong me me me me me it's
like what a weird insecurity thing the
whole thing is is go and attack on a
heterosexual white man because you guys
have no power in this country 44 out of
45 presidents were heterosexual
Christian white men the 40 the 44th one
was half white right and you know
Jefferson wasn't really Christian but
you know overall you're usually my point
that it's you guys are still in charge
most of the CEOs are white men and the
list goes on and on and on but so but
they've you challenging their complete
domination of of the power structure in
America as saying that it's an attack on
them no it's just saying hey we want
equality of opportunity and so if other
people of other races or other genders
should also have a chance but to them
that's taking the freedom away I have
the freedom to be in charge and now when
you say I can't exclusively be in charge
and and and that you're gonna just let
everybody have a shot at it
not enforce it but have a shot at it
well that to them that's questioning
their masks
but I don't even really know what
they're asking for right so they're
upset over a magazine cover that they
didn't understand okay and okay so what
do you want and with some conservatives
not an in this specific story but with
some conservatives they want to go back
to the previous traditional dynamic in
the household where the woman is the the
caretaker and the man goes out he earns
the money but like what world do you
live in because it's who makes enough
money to take care of an entire family
with one income I mean that is those
days are gone they're gone
even if people wanted that they can't
have that and so they're unwilling to
even address the economic issues that
lead to you know a dual income household
that they're so against but even even so
like if both people want to work are you
really gonna like are unipass laws
banning women from working like what
century are you living in well you're
right that they don't actually like they
claim they want to go back to them or
this is this whole like trad wife
movement right there's a traditional
wife movement that happens on the right
wing and you know the thing is if you
like pressed them just even for five
seconds and you're like you know dude
back then you know like one man had to
go and you know provide for like twenty
five kids and a wife and a thing and you
have to do it and it was really hard and
you worked all day and you know you got
home and you were tired as hell like
they don't actually want to do that of
course they don't dual income households
are freakin awesome they love that well
the guy that you mentioned about the
gorilla line said yeah biggest bata in
the history of yeah yeah oh yeah I'm
gonna be the man in the traditional home
no he's living off of his ex-wife's
model oh yeah
alimony I mean what a sad little bitch
yeah oh but it's okay I don't work for a
living but my mommy gave me money yeah
okay enjoy that may you try to pretend
like you're a real man provide for the
family your ex-wife is providing for
your current family bitch Wow
let me come here and speak my piece as a
comedian cuz I refuse to do that it's
not that going that bad for me that I
have to come up here and because I know
what that what that is that is let's say
something inflammatory and let's get
some followers on Twitter but
unfortunately some people are listening
to that and they really are like they're
trying to get rid of us and we got
problems at 7-eleven yeah and who thinks
that like they make no sense at all
they're like these betas they've taken
over wouldn't that make them alphas yeah
and these betas they're forcing their
culture down our throne and we're
pretending not to like it how could a
beta force you to do anything unless
you're even lower than that beta if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
