Martin shkreli the notorious Pharma bro
has officially been sentenced for
securities fraud and that sentence is
rather lengthy seven years behind bars
and prior to being sentenced he had a
tearful plea in court where he finally
took responsibility for his actions and
said that he wanted some leniency with
the sentence but no it was not a lenient
sentence Martin shkreli as he told the
US District Judge Kyo Matsumoto he made
many mistakes and apologized to the
investors that he essentially lied to
and made victimized with fraud now he
said I want the people who came here
today to support me and understand one
thing the only person to blame for me
being here today is me there is no
conspiracy to take down Martin shkreli I
took down finally a tiny bit of justice
yeah and then his lawyer had this great
quote that I really wanted to share with
you guys
attorney Benjamin Bronfman told
Matsumoto that he sometimes wants to hug
shkreli and sometimes wants to punch him
in the face but he said his
outspokenness shouldn't be held against
him and the judge did specify that she
did not hold you know his terrible
comments in the past against him she
didn't even hold his pharmaceutical
price gouging against him that is not
what he was on trial for he was on trial
for lying to other rich people yes not
increasing the price of medication that
helps people with HIV so yeah for seven
years awesome so I don't know if I
believe his tears because the guy is a
huge actor and you know and he loves
being a showman earlier he had told the
press that the prosecution was junior
varsity
I guess they made the varsity team I
don't know if I believe anything that he
says but he'll have a lot of time to
think of new PR stunts while sitting in
prison for seven years but to
double-down an annus point his main
mistake was not ripping people off in
general
I mean raising but that's a life-saving
drug he buys that company he jacks it up
five thousand percent saying I'm gonna
hold your life hostage that in America
is perfectly legal yep people who die
because they can't afford that medicine
that's legal okay you you facilitate the
death of poor people and middle-class
people that is not a crime in America
but he ripped off other really rich
investors that's what they got him for
because that's a huge crime in America
so not only did he lie to the investors
would have essentially happened was he
lost their money and then stole money
from his own pharmaceutical company in
order to pay those investors back so
there were all sorts of crimes that he
committed but you know the takeaway that
really does stand out to me is you know
when it comes to the average American
getting screwed over who cares but if
you're lying to rich people if you're
lying to investors you know the law will
come down hard on you did they take his
wu-tang elbow you know what this is the
epitome of privilege you know it's so
funny like I I see people accuse you of
being snarky on Twitter and this is nice
disc but this guy really didn't think
anything was gonna happen to him he just
kept going and going and going and he
would have kept going had he not messed
with his kind his own kind that's cuz he
could mess with us right as much I want
smart you better hope I appreciate
Martin shkreli because he's very useful
in that you know usually people of his
ilk are much more clever about at least
masking some of the most horrible things
that they do he's very useful that it's
like taking the mask off and you kind of
see you know the monstrosity that is the
health care system for example or you
know just how heinous people that work
in finance often act I mean what I don't
understand is how anyone invested in
Martin shkreli in the first place I mean
like this dude walks into a room and
says like rich dudes give me your money
I promise you I'll take good care of it
no when they believed it but
can I just say I have the answer to that
because he's like I'm the guy who gouged
the average guy a consumer for at a
5,000 percent rate yeah and so greed won
the day they're like oh that sounds
really good yeah to them that was not
the bug that was the feature right so
they got obsessed in their own greed and
thought well maybe he could get me that
kind of return put their money and it
turns out he screws everybody and then
they're shocked in chagrin and go crying
to the prosecutors and the prosecutors
go oh it's a rich prick yes all right
well I think it's just human nature to
respond well to people with money right
I mean like Donald Trump it doesn't
matter how incompetent he proves himself
to be time and time again people will
still go back to well he's wealthy he's
a successful businessman but he went
bankrupt several times
nobody's you know rich so people just
for some reason respect others who have
money even if they inherited it even
though they didn't earn it it's crazy
but real quick I wanted to remind
everyone about a previous story about
Martin shkreli
during the jury selection process the
defense attorney had a very difficult
time because people who didn't even know
anything about Martin shkreli would say
things like I don't know this guy is but
I don't like him yeah but one of those
unlikable faces he does and that's why
the defense attorney said what is a meme
online that everybody wants to punch him
in the face and he's like look I'm right
there with your brother I had to sit
with this guy for all these months
defense attorney I want to punch you in
the face and now they will well yeah
some people might get their wish and to
to I'd his earlier point not only do
they give him seven years they
immediately moved to seize his assets
and that's the thing he probably cares
most about 7.4 million dollars in assets
including the wu-tang clan album that he
paid two million dollars for well so
that's privileged and and and that's
true and you could wrap all this up with
turns out rich people ain't none to mess
with
if you like this video bless your heart
we got a lot more where that came from
we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
