more terrible news on the state of ice
detention facilities this time we're
gonna be zooming in on a particular one
this is the Adelanto ice processing
center here in California and wait until
you hear what is going on there when
federal officials arrived in May of this
year for a surprise inspection this
privately run bear that in mind
immigration detention facility they
found nooses made from bedsheets in 15
of 20 cells I have looked into it that
is not how many they're supposed to be
supposed to be many less than that 15
out of 20 so these are people who would
be either attempted to commit suicide or
are readying themselves to attempt to
commit suicide because of how horrible
the conditions they're being kept or are
in so when the department of homeland
security officials asked to contract
guards who oversaw the housing units why
they didn't remove the bed sheets they
echoed that it was not a high priority
the guy giving them the tour then
started to remove the new sis but
realized there's too many nooses I don't
have time and he stopped this is wild
the inspectors are with him he gave up
on removing nooses say that was the high
priority was being discovered the kind
of conditions that you have it that
force people to contemplate suicide
attempt it and also some of course
successful in doing so
yeah there have been successful suicides
so once once once the inspectors are
there it's like it's like a restaurant
that's filthy and then finally the
health inspector comes by and like all
this for this cleanup this rat poop now
and get it off of the kitchen floor now
how about you just keep your place clean
in the first place that's what your
business is do it right yeah well
specifically this is let's clean up this
ramp OOP it's too much rapper bug you
know yeah
they've already discovered it's actually
already getting the D rating it's
already over exactly by the way one of
the inmates said that the guards laugh
at them and call them suicide failures
once they're back from medical when they
attempt to commit suicide if they're not
successful so that is the approach that
these are private facility guards have
so let's go on to the reason why people
have you want to judge someone's
character how they treat other people
they go are you just bringing up
someone's character personality once you
talk what they've done the way they are
on who they treat people especially
people that they think are lesser than
them as humans yeah they will laugh at
them and they'll say oh you got back
from medical you're a suicide failure
that's what leads a certain approaches
someone's
being and your character is based off of
what you're gonna do with them when you
have to when you they're basically in
your care yeah yeah and imagine if
you're one of the other people at this
facility not knowing how long you're
gonna be kept there and what you see is
guards and mocking people who have
attempted to take their own lives like
imagine the hopelessness and the despair
that would come over you as a result of
even witnessing that and it has
consequences The Times reported in
August of last year that there had been
at least five attempted suicide at the
facility in less than one year those are
the ones that are actually reported by
the way and beyond the suicides which is
obviously bad enough in terms of how
they treat these people with medical
care and all of that detainees reported
waiting weeks and months to see a doctor
and inspectors met with a dentist to
dismiss the necessity of fillings and
suggested that detainees use strain from
their socks to floss which is both
obviously not going to work and also
about is degrading and condescending a
bit of medical advice I think I've ever
seen no one's given those I'm not forget
to this part but getting deeper into the
reasons why they told me to use their
strings from their socks to flossing
because people's teeth were rotting and
falling out cavities weren't being
filled you've been taking care of some
of these didn't stay down at the time or
energy to do this because there's too
many of these cases to handle because
you know this private basically prison
is isn't making enough money um so in
doing so they said hey if you in order
to avoid any kind of more tooth decay
you gotta floss oh but guess how floss
is is obtained in this private facility
through your commissary you notice that
it comes in stuff you spend more money
so if you need to use your comments a to
get some floss and they say I don't have
any because I'm a phylum seeker from
another country they go oh well use your
socks then there's there's no way out
there's it's it's pushing someone into a
corner because there's an a you may in
humane approach to how these people are
or even reasons why they're there Oh are
these all criminals I want to point that
proton no it's actually not so it's
probably too late to jump in front of
the right-wing comments on this video
they're probably assuming that these are
all terrorists committed members of Isis
probably the leadership of Isis no among
those held at this particular facility
are asylum seekers people call it an
immigrant immigration sweeps and those
identified by authorities as potentially
deportable after landing in jail so look
the people caught in immigration sweeps
technically have broken the law they've
broken immigration law theoretically
they have broken no laws other than that
but they will be put into hell on earth
in this Adelanto facility and those
asylum seekers those are people that
haven't broken any law whatsoever except
they're gonna go here and god only knows
what's gonna happen to them god help
them if their health fails while they're
at this facility and by the way this is
information from 2017 this is how bad it
already was under the status quo half a
year into Donald Trump probably terrible
before then partially because they don't
care about these people partially
because it's a privately held facility
and their goal is to make money not to
actually provide a good experience for
these people this is before they started
taking in tens of thousands of
additional people and not releasing them
so if this is what it was like at 2017
god only knows what's gonna happen when
these inspectors go back in a year and
see in these temporary facilities that
tent cities that are set up do you
believe that they're gonna be taking a
better better care of these people
so for the people who want to say it's
not just Donald Trump's fault or his
administration's fault I agree with you
because that's 2012 there was another
report from the ice detention oversight
that found there's the same thing for
the for the request for medical care
we're delayed and put aside so that's a
similar problem right so that stuff
happened in the past so when you enhance
under Obama
yeah so when you enhance that same
problem and add more people to this
system or then also project this whole
sense of hate towards certain groups of
people that come in you're gonna add to
that problem so yes there was many
things wrong in bomb administration
which many of us pointed out and then
when no one focuses on that at least
from people in opposing parties don't
focus on those parts and want to fix
that and then you bring someone and it's
even more horrific in these types of
things it gets worse yeah do you still
not care or doesn't mean you care a
little less cuz no matter what you never
cared for these people in the first
place and what the reasons for being
here was or what the treatment they got
once they got to this shining city on
the hill because that's what asylum
seekers would think oh man maybe have a
chance to survive now yeah I came from a
really horrible place but it somehow
gets worse yeah and look the lesson
should be the same under both these
should not be privately owned and
operated facilities they don't care
and they will continue to treat people
these dis horribly under Republicans as
well as under Democrats we shouldn't be
holding it anywhere near as many people
as we certainly now but even before that
is obvious and thank God by the way for
the activists who in response to one of
the suicides at one of these locations
started putting public pressure to find
out what was going on there that's why
we have this information not because the
government decided to take it more
serious abuse seriously but because
regular citizens got involved and made
sure that light was shed on what was
going on there on the go don't worry we
got you covered if you still listen to
TYT at our new podcast network find us
on Apple podcast at Google Play Store or
at TYT comm slash podcast
