Republicans in Congress have
reintroduced legislation that would
essentially allow private business
owners and even government employees to
discriminate against individuals who
they deem immoral and that could include
people who are in a gay marriage a woman
who is a single mother or someone who's
had premarital sex so this was
reintroduced by Senator Mike Lee a
Republican of Utah and it's known as the
First Amendment Defense Act or fada so
it singles out a specific set of
conservative beliefs for special
dispensation to discriminate those who
oppose same-sex marriage and those who
oppose sex outside of marriage so here's
the language of the legislation share it
with you right now so marriage is or
should be recognized as a union of one
man and one woman two individuals is
recognized under federal law or sexual
relations outside marriage or improper
so those are things that people would be
allowed to discriminate against you for
under this legislation the First
Amendment Defense Act now fada protects
this group from broad actions okay so
the legislation stipulates they can't be
denied any tax benefit and they can't be
denied any access to any federal grant
contract subcontract cooperative
agreement guaranteed loan scholarship
license certification accreditation
employment or other similar position or
status it also ensures that federal
bureaucrats will never have the
authority to require those who believe
in the traditional definition of
marriage to choose between their they're
living in accordance with those beliefs
and maintaining their occupation or
their tax status so this goes a little
further compared to legislation that
we've talked about previously in that it
offers protection to those who are
working as government employees or those
who
been given government contracts yes so
let's talk about the ramifications so
one of the things they could do is among
the list that Ana read about all the
different ramifications is a same-sex
couple they one of the people in the
marriage says okay I'm here to catch my
Social Security check let me go no I'm
not gonna move your Social Security
check you're in a same-sex marriage
that's against my morals I don't care
about your morals this allows me to
discriminate under the guise of
preventing discriminatory action against
the religious person who would like to
discriminate against other people and
not apply the laws equally if this law
passes it literally will allow them to
do that whatever you get from the
government if there's a person in that
office who has different religious point
of view than you they can block it and
by the way it doesn't just have to be
Christian it could be a Muslim who
believes in Sharia law so yeah now
that's far less likely in America right
but theoretically I mean if you got a
Muslim in office who believes in
fundamentalist view of it he can block
everything eight ways to Sunday not just
for gay couples but for almost anyone in
America because who isn't having sex
before marriage which poor schmuck isn't
having sex okay let's go even further
than that though those who live in glass
houses should not throw stones
so Mike Lee your president has children
from three different women he paid off a
pornstar days before the election by the
way a porn star that he slept with and
had an affair with while he was married
but he was married at the time
so and so like the audacity of the
right-wing passing judgment on the
lifestyle of others when the president
that they support is just so incredibly
disgusting in every way like I mean come
on by the way I don't begrudge people
who divorce and remarry I don't care
it's none of my business I don't care
but I mean look at his lifestyle look at
you know the the multiple affairs look
at the multiple sexual assault
allegations against him and you have the
audacity to talk about same-sex couples
and people have sex before marriage
history is going in the right direction
no well I think it is I think we're
going in the right direction we have a
Supreme Court case that said the gay
marriage is legal it's going the right
direction when that occurs a lot of
ticky-tack crap like this attempts to be
made into law stuff like alright I want
to shut down the the gay marriage period
so what am I gonna do I'm gonna cut off
funding if you want to take a you know
medical leave and collect money for your
spouse or whatever and it's a gay
marriage I'm gonna cut off that money
because on whatever level a version of
this law goes into place I'm gonna hire
some company to execute a federal grant
and I'm intentionally gonna hire the
equivalent of Hobby Lobby to do it so
that they never have to give that money
over and then here's what's gonna happen
if they pass this which they won't this
is the third time they've tried
there's 21 sponsors in the Republican
and Senate benefit of the doubt to them
this is them trying to like curry some
kind of favor with the base it's from
Utah it's high largely Mormon prop 8 and
a California largely fund a the anti
prop 8 people if you're like gay
marriage just don't get get married
that's exactly right live like let other
people live but if you go down the
rabbit hole with this you get this law
into effect maybe by voting it and then
it takes a number of years for the
Supreme Court to get another case that
addresses this specifically and finally
it gets shut down they'll be in a stop
on it who knows but it's just this kind
of ticky tack garbage they try to find a
way to eliminate funding for people and
eliminate the granting of marriage
licenses for some BS reasons so let me
give you a couple more ramifications
because it's it's serious okay so for
instance employers could fire an
unmarried female employee for getting
pregnant because that would indicate she
had premarital sex and very bad don't do
that hospitals could refuse to allow
visitation to same-sex partners and
spouses also commercial landlords could
refuse to provide housing to a single
mother the Senate bill by the way has 21
Republican co-sponsors and the National
Republican National Committee has
endorsed it but there's no way that so
this all this says is this was really
shouldn't be called fada this should be
called the federal oh you're allowed to
be a dick act because you can just say
like if the I wanted if I was mad at you
say you wouldn't go on a date with me or
whatever and I was like I'm not gonna
give you your Social Security check
because I know you gave that guy a
handjob do you know what I mean like you
could do that you could say I know
you're having sex outside of marriage
and that I'll not take me to court and
out of the court we're gonna ask you
about your sex life that's a great point
by Jimmy the burden of proof is on the
person who's being denied right on the
person denying them any kind of
government benefits so he doesn't have
to prove that you didn't that you had
sex outside of marriage he just has to
say it he just says okay I think you're
an immoral person right and and my
religion prevents me from helping an
immoral person so then you got to go to
court and where if you have you have to
have the money and the lawyer to go to
court and say and then prove that you've
never had any sex outside of marriage
right so you can fire anybody at any
moment for premarital sex in if this
bill passes and that's that right so I
want to be really clear about something
you know whether you think it has a
chance of success doesn't or you think
it's might or maybe whatever it might
you might think there's you Republicans
cannot deny that they are in favor of
this bill the Republican National
Committee has endorsed it I didn't make
them endorse it it's not a liberal plot
it's a conservative plot they they if
you have premarital sex they think
you're an indecent person they think
you're an immoral person who should be
judged and any person that's in
government in big government
we'll take away all of your benefits
because of how deeply immoral you are I
didn't make them do this they chose to
do this because they're the pieces of
crap who like to judge everyone else's
life I mean and it talked about
President Trump I can give you a laundry
list of literally hundreds of elected
republican officials who have done
terrible terrible things in their sex
life yet they come and judge your sex
life
they judge your personal life so first
of all if you're gay I don't care if you
think you're a classic liberal or
whatever you think you are or conserved
or whatever and you vote for these
Republicans you're any I mean I feel
imaginative idiot traitor whatever you
want to say but you're giving away your
rights to a party who doesn't want you
to have any rights any rights and if you
do that okay more on that no come crying
later oh my god they said they were
gonna take away my rights and then they
have Trump and Mike Lee and these guys
in office and it turns out they take
away my rights well they told you they
were gonna do it any gay person in
America including Peter Thiel who's so
obsessed with this money
Pete you're already a billionaire what
more money do you need Oh Jack's Consul
want those tax cuts I'm gonna vote away
my rights I don't care I got power
maybe it'll affect poor gay people it
won't affect me I already bought Donald
Trump all those people were monstrous
who vote for the this the people who
support this and you know what I thought
- Jimmy's finest I had a hell are they
gonna prove whether people had marital
sex or not what I hadn't considered a
great point that you made which is they
don't have to prove it right secondly
they're not gonna use it against guys
that's why it's a single mother over and
over again not in the bill but in the
application so you can't prove a guy had
premarital sex you it's hard to allege
etcetera right but a woman has a child
and is not married so they're gonna use
it to crush women so if you're a woman
empowering this Republican party you
should have your head examined and when
they take away your rights which is
exactly what they want to do don't come
crying to us because you're the idiot
who won't vote for this
monstrous Republican Party have I been
clear enough if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now ey tea network.com slash
joined get the whole young turks o every
day
