most people probably believe that
debtors prisons are ancient history but
since the 1970s the United States more
and more American citizens have been
thrown into jail over their debts and
private debts by the way and in the last
few years judges increased the number of
people being put into prison because
they can't pay their bills according to
a recent report by the ACLU more and
more American citizens are being thrown
in prison by judges who say that private
bills held by collection agencies is now
a criminal offense which most legal
experts agree is a clear violation of
the equal protection clauses of the 14th
amendment but as the corporate
stranglehold on America gets stronger
it's becoming increasingly clear that
corporations always get what they want
very rare that they don't get what they
want and right now they want to put
Americans in jail if they're not able to
pay their bills
Peter I you know when I looked at this
story look at these headlines I've been
hearing this story for quite some time
we're for criminal offenses the people
that can't pay child support whatever it
may be it's the it evolves into a
criminal offense
and they're thrown in prison in jail for
that but this is much different this is
somebody's got a hospital bill for
example they can't pay the hospital bill
and they end up going to jail for it
ACLU has followed this a long time and
now I mean thousands of cases of this
happening what's your tell you
documented a lot of really horrific
stories I mean what's really happening
is that these this industry from the
legal perspective these huge firms these
that pay their lawyers almost nothing
it's just a machine where they're
turning out you know claim after claim
and then they send a notice to a
somebody that's that hasn't paid their
hospital bill or bounced a small check
and the the defendant doesn't show up
for the court hearing so if they don't
show up for the court hearing as you
know then the then the court enters an
order and it can be contempt which can
be criminal and and then they don't get
the notice they don't show up they get
another notice of contempt it goes on
their record and then an arrest warrant
is issued for failure to appear but
think about the kind of people that are
getting they can't pay their hospital
bills they don't have insurance they
rent so they move a lot so it's hard to
find
and then they get pulled over for a
speeding violation and they get thrown
in jail and then they can't get out
because they can't pay the bail and this
might Oliver be like you said a hospital
bill or some bounced check for a pizza
or something ridiculous and then they're
sitting you think about this would you
ever believe that an inability to pay a
bill like a hospital bill could end up
could land you in jail but this takes
cooperation you see this is what
everybody misses this takes some
cooperation with the prosecutors and
with the judge now these are criminal
prosecutors that are kind of helping in
all this and it and really here's how it
works I mean you know you're you show up
you you get you're supposed to get a
notice first of all they got to give you
a notice that there's a hearing right
right
a lot of people get this in the mail
they and it looks like it looks like
stuff mail it looks like does it
irrelevant kind of move so it says
you've got to appear in court they don't
appear in court after a post judgment
where there's already been hearing
there's been a default hearing yes they
have not paid the thousand dollars that
they over the hospital they're in
default so then they're supposed to get
a notice and says show up for your post
default hearing right they have a right
to do that under due process but the the
problem with the due process argument
here is there's never that it's rarely
even a showing that they got the notice
as you say they could have moved away
there's any reason they might not have
gotten the notice and then the whole due
process of what occurs in that courtroom
you know as far as before you're
throwing somebody in jail this is this
doesn't happen I can just tell you
something this doesn't happen without
the cooperation of really second-rate
bottom-feeder
prosecutors bottom feeder plaintiffs
judge that handle these cases in bottom
feeder judges but that's the only way
this happens because the judge is always
going to say well wait a second okay you
know give me a proof of notice I want
more than your word I want to see
something more significant yeah I was
really troubled by the fact I had no
worth the idea that some of these
companies actually contract with the
prosecutor's office I had
the idea that there was an agreement
between the bill companies and the
prosecutors and that there was a quid
pro quo and back and forth that just
seems to violate just not only common
sense but to have the prosecutor on a
criminal side to help actually pushing
the civil claim through criminal means
like quite failure to appear that just
seems like one of the stories here this
is a very typical story that the ACLU
uncovered woman OH she owed hospital
bills she was deathly ill had a hospital
but matter of fact she she left
where she was living to go live with her
parents so she could recover right okay
so they supposedly send her this notice
you're in default on the bill you have
to show up in court for a post default
hearing she doesn't even get the notice
we shall one night in her pajamas at her
mother's house she's in it literally in
her pajamas knock on the door
they're there to arrest her in front of
her 12 year old daughter and
eight-year-old autistic son 4 year old
son as well so so they they haul her
away and she spends time in jail because
she can't even make bond to get out of
jail the problem is this again I can't
say this enough this doesn't happen
without really second-rate bottom-feeder
lawyers and judges being involved in
this I mean to have arrest warrants
issued in the debt case is one way to
kind of clean this up you just can't
have arrest warrants issued you get
civil contempt which is different but
you can't have arrest warrants issued
for failure to appear I mean the lady
you just mentioned she was recovering
from a cancer I mean some house didn't
she lives with her parents because she
can't afford it she moves out of her
place and she ends up in jail if she
can't get out I mean they Co ACLU come
up with a couple of guidelines and you
know one of those is no more no more
contractual relationships between the
District Attorney's Office with private
check collection companies which is a
little scary to start and that you
courts can't issue arrest warrants and
in in debt collection cases that that
seems kind of like common sense and well
I'm prison
hundreds ears yeah look this site look
this is I would say for 50 or 60 years
this type of thing could have been done
right but you had maybe maybe had more
responsible lawyers maybe had more
responsible judges who weren't willing
to say yeah I'm gonna go along with this
can you imagine a a state paid
prosecutor having a contract with with a
private entity a debt collection yeah
I'm gonna help you out I'm gonna throw
these these deadbeats in jail that's
basically what this has come down to no
absolutely it really doesn't seem like
that that that controversial that that
we should be throwing people in jail you
know another thing another way to deal
with this is you got to hold people
accountable right you need them to show
up for court I mean that that's pretty
much common sense you've noticed that's
you got it you got to give them notice
and and even if they they get notice you
have to have evidence but what a waste
our system that we're sending police
officers out to go arrest people like
that lady that you send a police officer
over an unpaid medical bill you take the
the resources from the county to go
arrest her and then you put her in jail
and you take it is and she's never gonna
pay back the
