did you guys know that until recently
until very recently Minnesota did not
criminalize or have a law against
individuals who grab other people's
bottoms who's wondering which term which
word am I gonna use but the talks there
was Botox there was no law preventing
people from grabbing other people's
butts as long as that butt was clothed
so if it was a naked butt it would be a
little different but for some reason the
law in Minnesota differentiated between
a closed butt and an unclothed but and
so if it's a closed butt and you grab it
no assault charges however recently the
Senate Judiciary Committee in Minnesota
voted unanimously to put a law on the
books that would essentially make it
illegal to grab someone in that fashion
so according to this new law a first
offense would be a gross misdemeanor
punishable by up to one year in prison
and a $3,000 fine and that's of course
if the person is convicted a second
offense could be up to a felony
punishable by up to seven years in
prison and a fourteen thousand dollar
fine now there were recently two
high-profile cases where two
high-profile people were accused of
grabbing women in that area of course
the first person was a u.s. former US
senator Al Franken and then the second
was a former state senator Dan shown a
Cottage Grove police officer and he
resigned from his elected post last year
after allegations that included grabbing
the buttocks of a female candidate at a
political event Jesus when he grabbed
the candidates ass okay
so there's a lot of things that are
fascinating about this one is that the
naked butt exemption is there a
situation where you're walking by naked
women and grabbing their ass that's not
a common occurrence is it I mean oh I
would imagine that ninety-nine out of a
hundred times they're grabbing clothed
buttocks right so they're like okay and
the nearly impossible a case you will
actually get punished but in the case
that happens 99 out of 100
you're free to go so that's weird and
then what's even weirder is that the
this clothes but exception was not in
place in 1888 they actually made that
rule in 1988 so fairly recently and so
the lawmakers were trying to figure out
where the origin or what the reasoning
or logic was behind making this clothed
but exception right and they can't
figure out exactly what it is
definitively but what they think is that
there was some concern in regard to
coaches because coaches for some reason
love to slap athletes butts and that's
like that's like except I mean I mean
it's like a weird acceptable like
endearing thing in sports and thus
another reason why I don't understand
sports but whatever people are having
fun I guess so they were worried the
coaches would get prosecuted or
something yeah and it's called the
coach's exception and and I never
understood understood that either I
played football and I never felt a
compunction to Pat another gentleman's
ass right yeah like what I think like
hey good tackle clarkey I never thought
like Oh way to go Clark you gotta go
right I don't know I know they're not
doing this yeah and in this case you're
allowed to Pat in that kind of situation
you just can't be sexual or aggressive
about grabbing someone's but that's
what's now a crime you just made me
think of something so years ago and I
believe we talked about this on the show
someone had written a column in ESPN it
wasn't even a column it was just a piece
in the ESPN about just like the
homoerotic behavior in male locker rooms
mm-hmm and you know my husband used to
play sports professionally so he would
tell me about that stuff too and my
guess is you know that's just the
culture and most athletes probably
accept it and they're okay with it but
in this new era where people are you
know hypersensitive about sexual assault
and unwanted touching I wonder if there
are athletes who were super
uncomfortable with it and might come
forward at some point yeah I'm sure that
might be
yeah I I just never got it and you know
like I didn't feel the need to shower
there either and people love to walk
around naked I'm like okay but I got a
shower at home okay anyways now back to
this one serious point is and it is a
serious issue because it happens so
often like I'm I guess I was a little
surprised the severity of the of the
sentence I don't know if I should be a
tie maybe it's a perfectly good but a
year in jail
serious is very very very serious and
the guys I'd be really surprised that
people really got a year in jail but
still they could get up to a year in
jail second offences seven years in jail
so no Caroline Palmer a public and legal
affairs manager at the Minnesota
Coalition Against Sexual Assault had a
line that really spoke to me if she said
I bet if you asked the vast majority of
women have had this happen which then
made me think that doesn't mean the vast
majority of men have done it it could be
a smaller number of men doing it to a
lot of women but a lot of guys have done
it were so you'd lock up a significant
percentage of Minnesota and put them
away for a long time if you actually
start to enforce this law but by the way
it's good to have it on the books first
of all it's correct that sexual assault
don't do that right second of all maybe
gets them to think twice I don't know
that the jury should give 7 years but
right yeah I mean as with anything in
America I feel like the pendulum always
not always but tends to swing to an
extreme and when it comes to you know
punitive action we love to imprison
people for a long time over and I don't
want to say that this is a minor thing
but it's minor if you consider an
insanely long prison sentence I don't
want people to spend that kind of time
behind but I don't want anyone to spend
7 years behind bars over grabbing
someone's clothes - yeah and it's and we
don't make enough distinction so I can't
stand the zero-tolerance stuff and in
this case that's not relevant but in
this case the the notice stations is OK
clothed but grabbing
is in the same category as masturbating
in front of young children okay now look
it's not to minimize being grabbed in
that Ana's talked about it on the show
how that has happened to her a couple
times she was traumatized by it so it's
no joke and it's it is sexual assault
and etc and it's good that we're having
an awakening about how unacceptable it
is but why are those two disparate
things in the same bill with the same
severity like it's weird but in America
everything's black and white right and
that's the biggest issue like we need to
have dialogue and actually differentiate
between the severity of a rape and and
something like this or the severity of
having some person masturbate in front
of you versus someone got and by the way
again
on two different occasions in my life
I've had males grab my butt in that way
and for someone who hasn't had it happen
to them I think it's easy to kind of
like write it off as not that big of a
deal but it's seriously degrading I was
actually shocked at how violated I felt
because I wouldn't have thought that way
prior to experiencing and I'm just being
honest and it's it's just so degrading
and you feel so violated so but even
with that said I don't think that it's
on the same level as you know someone
you know someone being raped or someone
you know almost being raped someone
pushed to a bed that kind of stuff yeah
and look to be fair it's not the same
charges rape here but exposing yourself
or masturbating in front of young
children is like that is that should be
a different crime yeah if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole Yonkers show
every day
