Berkeley California has made headlines
quite a bit in the Trump era and it's
always in the context of university
students at Berkeley protesting against
conservative speakers but what happens
when Trump supporters go after a liberal
bookstore in the same area and threaten
pretty extreme violence against that
bookstore
well that incident recently happened
interestingly enough you don't see a lot
of coverage of this story in the news
but I thought it was interesting because
it provides a different perspective and
a different side of the story that you
don't often hear about the video that
I'm about to show you is disturbing but
it is what it is take a look I'm a
racist because I support our president
of this United States of America that's
basically yes you are so ignorant that
is the commies gun we're gonna burn down
your bookstore you know good reason okay
we have you on recorded that you say
you're gonna burn down our bookstores
the ones that are burning books you're
the ones that are trying to better turn
again Marty's just metal pieces you
can't tell us how to live this America
this is America you this is a public dig
why don't you go in there and start
believe now you're not allowed in our
store I already said no I'm not going in
the stores grab my face this one can do
it yeah you mother I was here March 4th
April 15th April 27th we ran your stupid
asses out of them
oh yeah you can tell them what this
really means is make America white again
okay see they believe in freedom the
freedom to burn down your bookstore
that's not freedom that's and
threatening violent action is also crime
it so but of course they're not
sophisticated enough to know that I mean
they don't know anything they're so
incredibly ignorant but you can't
threaten to burn down somebody's
bookstore and then they go you're the
one burning books really when when
you're the only person threatening to
burn anything down with you guys the
entire bookstore which would also be
burning books by the way so you know you
guys are so intolerant that's why you
don't want let people speak by the way
Trump's gonna get rid of all of you guys
you're all commie scum and I'm gonna
burn you down okay yeah I can't tell
who's the intolerant one right so keep
in mind that that video started with the
woman asking just because we voted for
Trump you think we're racist and the
bookstore employee or owner I'm not
entirely sure responded back yeah pretty
much yes basically yes that's what she
said and then they lost it that was when
things kind of went nuts and then later
in the video the man can be seen telling
people outside the store the quote Trump
is going to get rid of all of you pieces
of X would've right oh so what do you
mean by that are you saying that Trump's
gonna deport round people like what is
he referring to yeah you know what I'm
saying like it's and also if you're not
racist if you're not racist what do you
care if someone from a different
political ideology thinks lowly that you
know thinks that you are what okay why
do you care so much against it's
interesting that it gets under their
skin so much they get so defensive
yeah so if you took Trump's gonna get
rid of you guys in the best possible
light not racial but just he's gonna
round up liberals and put them in prison
or take them out of the country yeah it
sounds like tyrannical government yeah
what part of that was freedom again
some little confused about your ideology
so then they go around like crying
non-stop about Berkeley right just all
this baby tears that I think when I see
it I think sad they won't let me say
things like I'm gonna burn your
bookstore down and you know and threaten
violence against you why won't they let
me do that what freedom okay they're
weird angry violence snowflakes but
still snowflakes and and there is such a
thing as being anti white and and they
it's so funny because they accuse people
of using racism too lightly and then
they accuse the other side of being anti
white with no evidence right so what's
anti white Farrakhan just the other day
gave a speech about how we're gonna go
get the white man and he called them the
Satan and and they satanic Jew and stuff
see that's a anti white and it's
anti-semitic okay because he said it
he's another in saying hey I think
Donald Trump is racist and I can give
you a thousand different reasons why and
it's it's not like I don't like him it's
that for example the Central Park five
and the and the birther theory and I can
go on and on I have specific reasons why
I happen to think that the things he
says at a bare minimum have racial
undertones do you white well I didn't
say that about Trump because he's white
but but you see everything in a racial
lens those magog eyes so when you
criticize them they go why'd you call me
racist look what I don't understand is
why did they feel compelled to show up
they showed up to the bookstore it's not
as if you know these bookstore owners or
employees showed up to their home these
two individuals showed up to the
bookstore and just started yelling and
just was we're incredibly unhinged I
mean can you imagine if this happened -
I don't know a religious bookstore if a
group of atheists for instance showed up
to a religious book store and and had
this ridiculous unhinged rant first of
all I would be 100% against it as an
atheist myself I'd be against it it's
okay for people to have different
views and different political ideologies
like let's first second I know we're
living in Trump era where everything
needs to be this divisive and this
disgusting but for a second can we take
a step back and be decent human beings
can you imagine if black activists went
to a conservative or religious bookstore
in the middle of Kansas said we're gonna
burn you down okay
Oh Fox this would talk about it 24/7
they don't forget 24/7 they talk about
it for years remember when they said
deed chanted burning down the bookstore
of these poor white Christian folks in
the middle of Kansas you know how these
people are right and then they get so
based on your actions and what you do we
call you things that you actually are
and then you assume that we're doing
because you're white but that's only
because you look at everything in a
racial way it's not because you're white
is literally hundreds of millions of
white people in the country and they're
not doing it you are if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network aam
/join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
