a security guard or former security
guard from a bar in Portland Oregon has
come forward to corroborate allegations
that Mark Cuban had sexually assaulted a
woman at that bar back in 2011 now back
in 2011 the woman did go to police and
did file a police report and cops did
investigate the allegations but they
decided not to the prosecutor decided
not to pursue the case because there was
a lack of evidence however now
Christopher White who was a security
guard working at that bar at that time
said he saw the NFL sorry NBA basketball
team owner in the barrel room with his
entourage and witnessed Cuban putting
his arm around a woman for a photo now
here's the relevant part of what
Christopher White had to say she jumped
away like she was not happy with him
that's when the energy in the room kind
of exploded so the allegation by the
woman was that he put his hand down her
jeans the back of her jeans and
penetrated her with his fingers now
Christopher White said I didn't have a
camera on his hand but it sure looked
like it was too low to be just on her
back and he also said that Cuban
appeared to be heavily intoxicated he
was slinking around all over the place I
believe we told him we couldn't serve
him any alcohol also White says that
Cuban would point his finger at women
with whom he wanted to be photographed
and beckoned them the way Cuban touched
some of the women struck white as
inappropriate because his hands moved
well below the middle of their backs he
said white also said that he was never
interviewed by police but later told a
friend that what he had witnessed the
friend confirmed to Oregonian oregan
live that white had told him the same
account so they made sure to corroborate
what White had said to his friends so
look these are interesting allegations
and I'm curious to see how it plays out
apparently the NBA has decided to launch
an investigation against Mark Cuban and
we'll see what the results of that
investigation will be but it is
important to point out that the cops did
in Irv
you several other employees at the bar
and none of them said that they noticed
anything strange that's pretty important
so I mixed feelings about this story and
not because sometimes I get confused for
Mark Cuban so look on the one hand why
would she make it up and and he
remembers it from the time this security
guard does and told a friend and that
friend said yes he told me at the time
she remembered obviously remembers it
and filed with the police immediately
and told her boyfriend her boyfriend was
really mad obviously he remembers it
from the time so they're not making it
up later
on the other hand there are four
witnesses who say they didn't see it
they can't say definitively that it
didn't happen but they the cops talk to
four people the manager at the barrel
room two security workers and a
bartender all four said they saw no
misconduct from Kuban again that doesn't
mean it didn't happen it means they
didn't see it right it's and and then
what he describes the security guard who
now says Christopher White who says that
he thinks it might have happened he
didn't say that he saw him doing it he
said he saw his hand going lower than
the waist she jumped and then the energy
in the room exploded other people say
and I questioned the other four
witnesses a little bit because they say
no nobody noticed anything and it was no
big deal well she went filed with the
police so it seems more credible that
the energy in the room would have
changed etc but on the other hand
Christopher White didn't actually see it
right so and it's from seven years ago
so and there's no surveillance because
this all took place in a tent area where
Mark Cuban was taking pictures with
patrons from the bar and apparently that
tent did not have a camera yeah so it's
look I think it's gonna be a very
difficult case to prove because you know
it goes beyond just alleging something
you have to prove the case there has to
be some evidence and I don't know if
there is evidence outside of this one
witness who says that he noticed
something strange but again didn't say
definitively that he saw what the
alleging yeah and it doesn't mean that
it didn't happen and it doesn't mean
that you that if it did happen it's
terrible
he allegation is that he put his hand
inside her clothes and then penetrated
or with his finger that that's really
really bad but you but we do have a
court of law and we do have a justice
system and you do have to prove it
because what if it didn't happen and so
that's why we have a process and so it's
gonna be really really hard to prove
whether it happened or it didn't happen
and and I I don't know why it's coming
back up seven years it's not a
politician I know that he's a well-known
guy and he as a TV showing he has a
basketball team and so and then there's
the allegations that he was too drunk
and he was gropey you're allowed to be
too drunk
so he's denying that he was that drunk
but so what I don't get it and gropey I
don't know what that means
did you see him assault someone if you
did that's means a lot if you didn't see
him calling him gropey doesn't mean
anything right and also what might
appear to be inappropriate conduct for
you I mean it's really dependent on the
women in the case right if any other
woman was uncomfortable you know
hopefully she'd go forward to the police
and but anyway we'll see how this all
plays out yeah so just one last time
it's not to diminish the charges if they
can be proven they are significant but
it's incredibly hard to prove and
there's witnesses in both directions so
take it for what it's worth you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
