time for some scary facts about climate
change this is from the washington post
arctic temperatures soar 45 degrees
above normal flooded by extremely mild
air on all sides so here's how insane
this is
right now it's Arctic winter which means
that the Sun set in October and it won't
be seen again until March so it is
perpetual night right now but even with
it being perpetual night it's still
above freezing you even have any Sun and
it's above freezing Wow so on the
opposite end of North America it's a
record high of 31 degrees right now
which is 40 degrees above normal
almost one third of the ice covering the
Bering Sea off Alaska's west coast
vanished in just over all in just over a
week during the middle of February
that's the lowest on record by a long
shot
homes along the Bering Sea are currently
getting hammered by waves they're
supposed to be ice there that blocks all
this but no the ice is gone so now homes
on the Bering Sea are getting walloped
by waves temperatures over the entire
Arctic
north of 80 degrees latitude have
averaged about 10 degrees above normal
since the beginning of the calendar year
that's ten degrees Fahrenheit so it's
about six degrees Celsius and get this
now you can sail a boat through areas
you never could have this time of year
oh man so this is yet another example of
worse than the worst case scenario we
see that a lot we see the articles of
like oh this is worse than the worst
case scenario we've seen that a lot
we've seen researchers go holy shit we
really got to pay attention to this
because this is worse than the worst
case scenario but no we're still you
know our government is still doing the
bidding of the oil companies and the
fossil fuel companies and we're allowing
more pollution now than ever before
with EPA under Scott Pruett a climate
science and ire and an evolution denier
you know
pulled us out of the Paris climate
agreement which when I tell you the
Paris climate agreement is the bare
minimum the bare minimum of what could
have been done literally every other
country on earth signed on to the Paris
climate agreement really when they were
like okay we're not gonna do this so
that was the bare minimum we're not even
doing the bare minimum and now we get
stories like this all the time totally
ignored you know you want to talk about
scandals that the media should be
screaming about from the top of their
lungs here you go if they replaced half
of the Russia coverage with climate
science coverage we might actually get
something done on climate science but no
they're too busy shrieking about Russia
and Trump cementery and candidate and
stormy Daniels and all this nonsense so
I need the media to talk about this I
need the Democrats to hammer away on
this because they're so far gone so half
of the politicians in Washington don't
even believe in climate science that's
the Republicans the other half believes
in climate science but they're not doing
shit about it that's the Democrat side
you sit around I believe the right
things but I will proceed to not fight
for the right things or do anything well
then that's a recipe for perpetual
disaster and god help our grandkids and
our great grandkids because shit is
already bad right now imagine what it's
like in a hundred years
I mean we're taught we're already seeing
it Cape Town South Africa running out of
water day zero is approaching that's
what they call it what we really need is
100 percent renewable energy ASAP now we
can do it we can do it but it is gonna
be a gigantic transition and pain in the
ass and you needs all hands on deck all
systems go in order to try to get this
thing done
