when Donald Trump first announced that
he was going to do tariffs 25% on steel
and 10% on aluminum he did it impromptu
and he caught everybody off guard they
had no paper is ready for it to brief
Congress they didn't have the legal part
of the deal set up yet because Trump
just got frustrated came out one day and
blurted out I'll do the tariffs cuz
everybody was trying to talk him out of
it now I told you at the time it doesn't
mean they're doing the tariffs Trump
doesn't know what he's talking about and
they will work him over and he'll change
his mind
eight times between now and then and
here we are so let me give you a
chronology now we go to alternate here
when Trump initially decided on the plan
he reportedly said that 25% tariff on
foreign steel and tempers and tariffs on
foreign aluminum would apply to all
countries because otherwise everyone
would ask for an exemption that's right
now
what happened since then well all of a
sudden a little bit of a backpedal you
got this stamen there will be an
exemption procedure for particular cases
where you need to have exemptions so
that businesses can move forward but at
this point in time there'll be no
country exclusions said the White House
national trade council director
so that's backpedal number one what
we're not by okay fine there could be
exemptions he said no exemptions but
there will be but it won't be based on
countries individual companies can come
and ask for handouts through crony
capitalism and we'll do it that way okay
well then Sarah Huckabee Sanders came
out and said there are potential carve
outs for Mexico and Canada based on
national security and possibly other
countries as well based on that process
that would be a case-by-case and country
by country basis so that's backpedal
number two did we say no exemptions
didn't we say no country exemptions we
made country exemptions Canada and
Mexico will be excluded and maybe others
as well by the way Mexico the country
with the fourth largest imports into our
country for steel and aluminum so that's
pretty big with Canada number one so
when you include number exclude number
one and number four well most tires have
lost a lot of its meaning
let alone other exemptions that are
coming so why did Trump change his mind
and who worked him over most obviously
in the world the donors so as Talking
Points Memo explains business leaders
meanwhile continue to sound the alarm
about the potential economic fallout
from tariffs with the president and CEO
of the US Chamber of Commerce raising
the specter of a global trade war so in
the chamber of commerce with their
billions of dollars in political
donations both directly and through
independent expenditures in dark money
and the members of the chamber of
commerce individually by giving in all
those different ways when they come
a-callin politicians listen and Trump
has a lot of tough talk but at the end
of the day he's now a standard greasy
politician and he does whatever his
donors tell him to do and that's where
we are so now if we left it right there
it would be a classic Donald Trump
blundered and didn't know what he was
doing
flip-flopped and is run by the donors
but there's a couple of other amusing
aspects to it I like this part White
House official says specifics of
President Donald Trump's plan remained
fluid Thursday and it was unclear when
the tariffs would be finalized in other
words he's not really done flip-flopping
and this might all be nonsense now he
did come out today and gave a press
conference I'm gonna show you two music
parts of that in a second
and he did confirm that he's going to do
the tariffs but yes there are gonna be
exemptions for Canada and Mexico and
perhaps other countries so his tough-guy
stance is null and void and and his is
not in play
okay here's amusing part number two
Wilbur Ross the Commerce Secretary when
trying to defend this said this he's
already indicated a degree of
flexibility but I think a very sensible
very balanced degree of flexibility
we're not trying to blow up the world
oh so that was in play so apparently
that was one of the possibilities in
other words we talked him out of it he
now has flexibility because he didn't
realize what an idiot he is and we had
actually
the Trump we would have blown up the
world but we convinced them to have
flexibility so we're a little short of
blowing up the world we almost by the
way dodged the bullet entirely because
Trump almost forgot the signed actual
order so watch this part I assume you've
all been many times into the Oval Office
come on let's go and do that let's go
and do that resigning yes I'm gonna do
we'll go into the Oval Office we're
going to sign this up we'll go into the
Oval Office with a picture okay okay
thank you mr. president you have to
actually sign the thing
right no I know we're gonna go to the
office in a little bit I know I should
sign oh I'm gonna sign yeah but that's
not the funniest part of the press
conference so he's got these Steel
Workers around him one of the steel
workers comes up and gives this movie
speech about how his dad had gotten laid
off and it was it was that had happened
to me had six kids his dad did when he
said it was one of the saddest things
he's ever seen and he said I don't want
that to ever happen again
so then Trump comes up and says this I
thank you for the opportunity for what
you think farming sorry yes sir yes well
your father Herman is looking down he's
very proud of you right oh yes well that
he's
he's even more proud that he's even more
proud yeah yeah yeah okay to be fair to
Trump that person had talked about how
his father felt at the end he meant like
at the end of getting fired and etc but
it's not the worst thing Trump has done
I can see why he had the wrong
impression there it was more of a bush
moment where light weird confusion
reigns like huh what what'd i do what
did I do
right I supposed to Trump where he comes
hit and wrecks everything so just a
funny little ending to a funny little
story about how we almost blow up the
world with tariffs you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
