thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the vote for
Brett Kavanaugh to potentially get on
the supreme court looks like it's gonna
happen in the next 48 hours it doesn't
look like there's much at this point
that's gonna stop it but do they
actually have the votes and we have a
little bit of information I'm gonna
start now with the Democrats you might
think we know exactly how they're gonna
vote obviously they're not gonna put
this crazy right winger who's been
accused of multiple sexual assaults on
the Supreme Court but no we've got some
red state Democrats so you never know
however some of them have come out and
said like Heidi Heitkamp said this isn't
a political decision if this were a
political decision for me I certainly
would be deciding this the other way I
can't get up in the morning and look at
the experience I've had and say yes to
judge Kavanagh so Heidi Heitkamp who is
actually in a very tight Senate race in
a red state right now says she is not
going to vote for him so that is good
news
it's Joe Manchin at this point I don't
know okay so we know how politicians
think and every time it's about getting
reelected reelected reelected many of
them have backgrounds as attorneys I
think probably a significant like
majority of them probably I feel like
every one of them or doctors or whatever
else business then but so the worry
about making sure that your gonna did
you get reelected no matter what when
you're supposed to go there and
represent your people or at least do
something that's based on your
principles that you probably ran on I
don't understand the the obsession with
making sure you're gonna get it so I get
your only job or even the best job
you've had or highest paying job you
ever had in your life and if you can't
do something else if you stand by your
principles you vote and make sure you do
things that the American people want and
you get voted out because of it okay hey
the American people if they somehow get
fooled into thinking your principles
that actually help them along get you
out of office you've done your duty and
you've served up to a point where you
can help and then they had a mistake in
sending you off the the it's and it's
openly said straight up Jeff Flake said
it if I was if I was running for
election I wouldn't even called for this
FBI investigation that he was the
catalyst that made it happen
he wouldn't do it because we're worried
about reelection so much just do what
you're gonna do if you don't get
reelected what's the big deal okay I've
been in the Senate for 20 years
fine do something else but do something
for American people it shows where our
where the representation of the country
actually is gone no one cares about
representing it care about getting that
next job as if if they don't get that
next reelection they're gonna end up on
the streets it's just not the case yeah
with the Republicans I mean there's only
so much pressure we can actually put on
them like they're raising money to try
to get susan collins out if she votes
for him that's that's certainly good for
the Democrats I think on some level they
haven't really woken up to what's going
on in this country
because they're worried about the
political implications if they don't
support him here's the thing we've spent
this whole year supporting progressive
candidates in primaries we're Genk and I
and others including jr. have covered
literally every primary night that
happened making sure that people know
about the right candidates that's why we
were covering for example Alexandra Casa
Cortez and literally dozens of videos a
year before the election while others
have finally caught on and those
candidates have been winning so here's
the thing you might think that if you
support judge Kavanagh you have a better
chance in the general election I Got
News for you you're gonna lose your
primary because we're gonna be waiting
for you the next time around you might
think that you've saved your political
future no you've simply nailed your
coffin shut with a slightly different
shade of when it's gonna happen and so
that is a promise that I would make to
Heidi Heitkamp to Joe Manchin hopefully
the next time around and others as well
well Joe mesh has had his has had a
couple knives in his back already for
supporting things that this particular
ministration we're talking about when he
when he made sure he was being he was
facilitating whatever was that Mike
Pence wanted and Mike it's still one on
the campaign trail so you know this
loser you know what he does he goes
running kiss his ass and then he goes
wait a second I thought I was on your
side
no and no matter how many times it
happens to you you will continue to push
down that road because you think a it's
gonna keep me in office no matter how
much you get humiliated honestly after
you just got through bowing down to
someone who actually doesn't care
anything about your political
aspirations yeah and to like one of the
the lessons of the past two years or you
know since Donald Trump became get in
office is almost anything can happen no
matter how bad it is
it generally passes out of the news and
we move on that's one of the sad things
about the news cycles over the past year
I'm gonna news for you when it
judge Cavanaugh for the rest of our
lives I don't care how long passes
between now and then when we hear the
name judge Cavanaugh we're gonna thank
multiple sexual assaults when we hear
the name judge Cavanaugh we're gonna
think of the name Christine Blasi Ford
Deborah Ramirez Julie sweat Nick and
others as well we're not gonna forget
about this and we're not going to forget
how people voted on this that's true for
the Republicans also true for the
Democrats so bear that in mind now on to
the indications that some others have
given Jeff Flake who of course pushed
for this FBI sham investigation in the
first place so Elena plot of the
Atlantic tweeted I'm told by source with
direct knowledge that flake is quote
still having issues and that some
colleagues are trying to walk him
through them the issue is that he
briefly felt a stiffening in his back
and it was such an unfamiliar sensation
that he desperately want to the
Republicans to soften him up again
senator Coons who along with flake said
that if it turned out that he had lied
during his testimony they would not
support him says that just now that
flake reached out to him and asked if
they could speak at length later a
Senate aides said Murkowski is scaring
everyone but I don't know they won't say
who the aide who the eight is for so are
they scaring us because the supporter is
scaring us because they're not gonna
support him I don't know the easy
question to ask just flake in this whole
thing is after that interview I'm sure
people in the media have seen this maybe
reporters he's doing a media tour so
after he said you know if it comes out
that he was lying in the testimony last
week then that would eliminate him
completely
hey many publications many people I mean
maybe watch the Young Church pointed out
the multiple times he lied at that
testimony so the next question is Jeff
Flake is so here's my list I've got five
pages of Lies which one of these is the
one that's gonna disqualify them and let
it matter that question because I still
don't believe me yeah yeah look I my gut
says that they're gonna disappoint us my
good oh that's oh my god said because it
doesn't always happen I mean John McCain
as true as bad as he is he did put the
thumbs down on the full ACA repeal it is
possible that Jeff Flake will decide in
the last days that he will serve as a
senator and I know he thinks that this
is just one step on the can
in uation of his career when he runs for
and becomes the Republican nominee for
president Jeff Flake buddy that's not
going to happen okay this is the end go
out with a little bit of a little bit of
pride a little bit of dignity do the
right thing okay
you're just you're gonna go you're gonna
lobby you're gonna make tons of money
you are gonna be absolutely fine but
you're not gonna be President so don't
worry about that worry about what
message you were sending to tens of
millions of women who have been through
similar experiences and what for once to
think that their government actually has
their back and not just the backs of
well-connected powerful conservative
males and please do the right thing is
that he can only lose one he could still
lose one Republican vote I think I
remember seeing he can lose one
Republican but I'm trying to hear the
numbers yes and then still survive so I
mean even in that aspect they would need
to be too and that's why and I don't
know much skepticism on this like what
you see click this subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from The
Young Turks
