Gregg AdWords is running in Pennsylvania
seventh district and he is a progressive
candidate he's adjusted emic rat and
apparently the Democratic establishment
is not in favor of Gregg AdWords so
Gregg welcome to the show how are you
hey it's good to be here Jiang how are
you great great so there's a lot to talk
about in your race
there's redistricting in Pennsylvania
there's Democratic primary there's the
people who you're gonna go up against is
the the state of the the district itself
but first let's start with the big news
let's talk about what happened to you
recently so how was it that the
Democratic Party got your message that
they didn't want you in this race well
we had found out through a variety of
sources that they basically wanted the
front-running candidate who had raised
the most money who happened to be a
candidate of color to take another
position to not run for Congress and so
that came back to our campaign through a
variety of sources actually from DC and
throughout the nation I got a couple of
phone calls and then there were some
folks on the ground that said they're
basically trying to get you out the race
so Greg did you say you raised the most
money in that race on the Democratic
side yeah absolutely so at the end of
the fourth quarter we out raised through
small dollar donations all of our
Republican and Democratic opponents and
and that was you know something that we
actually didn't expect to do but we have
an incredible ground game and there's a
lot of momentum and folks are really
excited about the campaign that we're
running so now the Democratic
establishment gives the excuse every
time well look guys you gotta have money
to be competitive and it's all about the
money but Greg has the most money so
that excuse is eliminated
Greg's a pastor he's a civil rights
activist I'm gonna read you a quick list
of his awards the n-double-a-cp man a
Vision Award the peace pilgrim of the
Year award the Community Development
Award by Allentown Human Relations
Commission the William green a third
Leadership Award and the list goes on
and on and on
so if it's not your record of
achievement if it's not that you're not
progressive enough nobody can make that
argument and it's not the money what is
it why why do you think they wanted you
out of the race well I think check that
they wanted to clear the path for a more
establishment like candidates I think
that they were thinking that even with
the redistricting the candidate of
choice from the establishment would be
kind of a Republican like or a Democrat
like candidate and we were raising money
and building a ground game that this
area's never seen and we were doing it
really without the help of the
establishment and I think that that was
intimidating to the powers that be so
and Greg was the message to you subtle
and and maybe there was a
misunderstanding or was it clear well
you know they had called us to a meeting
and my staff and I attended and and they
had stated they wanted to know how much
money we raised and they wanted to know
about our staff and they had asked who
we were using and if we were using any
of their political consultants and the
reality is that we weren't using any of
their political consultants and then it
got back to me from one of our local
officials and some folks from from DC
that they were seeking for me to run for
a lower office for state Senate so the
gentleman came back from DC and
basically said yes that's true though we
didn't ask you directly we were wanting
to see if you would be willing to run
for a lower seat yeah well that seems
pretty clear now one of their stated
reasons as well we got to get a
Republican like guy to be able to win in
that district but we had redistricting
in Pennsylvania so what's the state of
your district today well I mean we are
you know we are so excited the district
is now on gerrymandered it's all of
Lehigh County all of Northampton County
we have an urban district that has
Allentown Bethlehem Easton parts of
southern Monroe County including
Stroudsburg East railsberg lots of
colleges
it's a much more urban district and the
profile of the district in terms of the
racial demographics certainly change
about 25 of the district 25% of the
district now is about people of color
and and so we are we're really excited
this this district was gerrymandered and
and and it wasn't continuous and the
demographic wasn't the same and now
we're not just viable we are really the
candidate to be and we're really excited
about that and this really looks like
this really looks like the people have
an opportunity to elect equitable
representation that reflects the
community and I know that that district
went from an hour-plus for meaning the
Republicans have an advantage by about
four points which by the way in a wave
is not very much at all in it and and
certainly within contention but now that
it's on gerrymandered it's democrat plus
one so there yeah there's no reason why
a progressive shouldn't win that race
and I'm gonna get to your policies in
one second Greg but one more thing about
the state of the race you it looks like
the the establishment attack I guess you
might have backfired again did you you
just picked up an endorsement yesterday
didn't you sure so we we picked up an
endorsement from the Working Families
Party of Pennsylvania we also picked up
today an endorsement from SEIU their
state council so you know not only have
we out raised all of our opponents on
both the Republican and Democratic side
through small dollar donations through I
think at this point we have about 5,000
folks that have come on board and really
believe that democracy needs to happen
now but we also have more endorsements
than any other person running in the
race and and and and I think that that's
really important I mean I think it's
important that progressive organizations
are now putting their their their money
where their mouth and their vision and
mission is and we are super excited
about that yeah and by the way I just
want to be clear to the audience too
these are not endorsements from
establishment politicians who I
personally couldn't care less about but
it's SEIU just Democrats progressive
change campaign committee common defense
working families party the collective
women's March Pennsylvania etc real
progressive grassroots groups that are
get behind Greg AdWords campaign so and
and there's a reason why you are the
most progressive person in the race if
you're just Democrat that means you
don't take any corporate PAC money that
means you're uncorrupted and so there's
a lot of logic there so but tell us a
little bit more about your policy
positions well I mean let me just say
this I think it's hard to run a
political campaign and try to become who
you've never been and certainly
healthcare is a priority we think a
single-payer medicare-for-all is the
only way to go that's not going to break
the back of small businesses and also
not bankrupt families we have families
all throughout the seventh congressional
district that are really hurting because
of their lack of health care
certainly in Pennsylvania we ranked
number 48 in terms of our educational
outcomes and we believe universal
preschool and debt-free college is the
way to go college is no longer a pathway
to prosperity it's really you know kind
of a pathway to poverty when folks leave
college and they're shackled by this
this debt of exorbitant high student
loans and and certainly you know $15 an
hour which is what I'm advocating for as
the minimum wage a federal standard $15
an hour was just thirty thousand dollars
a year in Pennsylvania our you know our
minimum wage is $7.25 she says that's
our minimum wage that's that doesn't
include the waiters and the waitresses
and the folks that you know are working
in hotels and the folks that are
bringing folks food I mean $7.25 and so
we're saying at least we need $15 an
hour thirty thirty thousand dollars a
year we don't think that that's that's
asking too much and you know and and I
think you know now is the time for us
not to ratify the extremist agenda of
Donald Trump and Republicans but now is
the time really for us to be bold and to
ask for the entire pie
because after all we've paid for it yeah
and look I've gone over and over on the
show about American workers productivity
versus their flattening wages and if we
if we
that kept up with productivity the
average American worker would make
$17,000 more per year which is just
stunning and into backup what pastor
Edwards is saying there that 7,000 25
cents for if you work 40 hours a week
the whole year it's $15,000
no that you can't live at $15,000 that's
why your message is resonating because
people know that if you work your you
know tail off getting $30,000 a year is
not too much to ask for or asking for
health care so your family doesn't die
is not too much to ask for but one last
thing about policy you have a unique
position on gun ownership what is that
well I mean we believe that first of all
we need to reestablish the federal ban
on assault weapons we need universal
background checks that can't be
remediated across state lines I believe
we need home safety checks for any
person that wants to own more than one
firearm but I also believe that every
every person who wants a gun should have
that gun registered and also there
should be an insurance policy and
coverage of any person that wants to own
a firearm
once gun ownership is monetized watch
what happens to to these these
situations that are happening across the
nation in terms of guns being all the
loose and lost and stolen control once
the insurance companies and that
industry gets involved in to helping
monetize gun ownership I think there's
going to be more prudence in terms of
who gets guns and who doesn't get guns
yeah it's it's not quite the Chris Rock
strategy of thousand dollars a bullet
but it but it makes a lot of sense if we
have to register and insure our cars why
shouldn't we register and insure a
killing machine that's a gun and you
might needed to you think to defend
yourself and there's a lot of rural
parts of Pennsylvania I understand that
but if you can insure your car you can
insure your gun so I want everybody to
have the links for Greg Edwards as well
Edwards for PA comm is a website all
these links are really easily clickable
in the description box on YouTube
in the comment section on Facebook so
just go down there check out the website
check out his policy positions
volunteering is the most important thing
because that actually gets you victories
and people-powered campaigns but if you
can't volunteer or you live somewhere
else a donation for people who don't
take corporate PAC money makes all the
difference
Greg AdWords thank you so much for
joining us we really appreciate it
thanks for having me on Chang
