a new dossier sent to the Vatican
specifically identifies priests in the
Catholic Church who are actually gay now
this was actually compiled this list was
compiled by a male escort who says that
he was tired of the hypocrisy within the
Catholic Church and he felt that it was
his duty to identify these individuals
now this 1,200 page dossier containing
the names of 34 actively gay priests and
six seminaries in Italy has been sent to
the Vatican by the archdiocese in Naples
the large file contains explicit what's
app messages erotic photos and other
evidence but it's important to point out
that none of the 40 priests and
seminarians were accused of pedophilia
or having sexual relations with minors
so based on what we know this just
indicates that there are some gay
priests that indulge in male escort
activity but it's all consensual
behavior allegations compiled by this
man he's a gay male escort told local
media that he couldn't put up with the
priests hypocrisy any longer he said the
aim is not to hurt the people mentioned
but to help them understand that their
double life is not useful to them or to
all the people for whom they should be a
guide and an example to follow so I have
mixed feelings about this I hate that
he's releasing the pictures and our some
priest gay Oh course but on the other
hand they don't admit it and they speak
out against other gay people I don't
know about those 40 in particular but
the church overall does then I saw the
statement by the church in response to
this and it made me a little ill he said
there remains the gravity of the cases
for which those who are have erred must
pay the price the Vatican wrote and and
be helped to repent for the harm done
well and at a moment when the church
still says it's a grave sin to be gay
and they have to repent for their who
they are
it's hard not to sympathize with the
escort who says well then you should
know who they actually
are on the other hand I feel terrible
for them they're leading this miserable
double life right but maybe he's gonna
liberate them in a sense I don't know
what do you think well I hope that he
does liberate them I issue with these
priests if they're engaging in
consensual relationships there's no
problem with that whatsoever my only
problem is that the Catholic Church
still till this day has been very
negative and judgmental toward the LGBT
community and if you yourself are gay
and you're living this double life I
feel like it is your responsibility to
you know be the antithesis of what you
currently are which is this judgmental
priest there's so many gay people out
there who still feel disenfranchised and
it's important for these priests to come
out and be who they really are
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
