a few months back Donald Trump and the
GOP decided to take about one and a half
trillion dollars that we're going to be
going into government programs to
actually do things for Americans and
they took that money and they decided to
give it to the 1% and extremely large
powerful corporations and so they did
that and now we know what those
corporations are doing with that money
this is something we've talked about
multiple times on the show but we
actually have a response to it from the
Democrats it's pretty interesting so
what they want to do now that we know
that money is just going to stock
buybacks and things like that the
Democrats are proposing a better plan
for it they have this proposal it would
put 1 trillion dollars into a wide range
of infrastructure needs including 140
billion dollars for roads and bridges
115 billion dollars for water and sewer
infrastructure and 50 billion dollars to
rebuild schools now what's interesting
is that it's not one trillion dollars
that you know we're gonna debate we're
gonna figure out somewhere we're gonna
find that money from now they already
know where they're gonna get the money
from the spending would be offset by
clawing back two thirds of the revenue
lost in the Republican tax bill by
reinstating a top income tax rate of
39.6% restoring the individual
alternative minimum tax reversing cuts
to the estate tax and raising the
corporate income tax from 21 percent
back to 25 percent and that money would
then instead of just going to stock
buybacks would be put into actually
rebuilding parts of this country that
desperately need it ok now let me tell
you one terrible part of that proposal
and then give them a world of credit for
actually doing something pretty good so
let me explain if you notice they said
move the corporate tax rate from 21 to
25 percent wait a minute
it wasn't 25 percent it was 35 percent
yeah so like Barack Obama did with
george bush's tax cuts this would
actually enshrine gigantic tax cuts for
corporations forever because if the
democrats do this now and they won't be
able to do it today but if they if they
did do this
congratulations corporations you got a
massive tax cut and no one will ever
find it the republicans are the ones who
did it democrats would be the ones that
is shrined it okay so I want to be
absolutely clear about that given that
this is as good as you could possibly
expect from these current Democrat
and I'm actually weirdly proud of them
okay because now look I would do more
and I would claw back to 35% and I
etcetera said I in fact I'd go oh you
want to be cured I'll go to 40% okay but
that's me but for these guys it's pretty
good and why is it pretty good number
one they're only taking back to the
taxes from the rich so that plays really
really well
secondly what they do is they set up a
situation where they go now America what
would you like would you like to create
jobs as we rebuild the infrastructure
for the country you get the bridges you
get the the roads etc and by the way the
energy development there would would
power changes which creates even more
jobs there's 260,000 solar jobs in the
country this would help raise that
number significantly and and that way
you don't have to paint holes the rest
of your life to a private corporation
that's Trump's plan so you get a win in
the infrastructure you get a win in
helping the economy and you get a win
and creating more jobs and the only
thing we're taking away is tax cuts for
the rich and for corporations that's
really good
that's excellent politics and on top of
it it also has 40 billion dollars to
build high-speed Internet connections in
rural areas to sell it to rural areas of
the country and 80 billion dollars
upgrade the country's energy grid which
is obviously vulnerable to both
terrorist attack and threats in war so
you get the national security component
as well so yeah there's a lot of ways
you can defend it and you get to go to
the the public and say okay you're gonna
have one or two things the Republicans
are saying we're gonna just shower the
richest people in the country with a
bunch of money and hopefully they will
use some of it to produce jobs or we
could produce jobs with the money
directly not if the rich are okay with
it we just do it I think that that's a
far better plan and so policy wise it's
pretty much as good as these this
current Democrat Democratic Party
Democratic Senate can do so I'll take it
I'll take it don't look a gift horse to
the mouth will do better later okay but
and that's policy wise and then politics
wise it's great politics and in fact a
New York Times is a really interesting
article they went and talked to the
Trump supporters about their tax cuts
and they said yeah we got them and it's
about 30 bucks on an average paycheck
and look you can say Oh New York Times
if you're a right-wing or you don't
believe them but they're real human
beings that they talk to they didn't
make it up yeah and you could say it's
anecdotal and that's fair but everyone
they talked to was like it's lunch money
it's good I'll take it and near Trump
supporters right they're like yeah look
it's not gonna change my life some of
them are like I'll take it and so I
guess I'm happy I voted for Trump so
more like something better than this
right
but overall it's it's they're not
overwhelmed by it right and if you said
to them hey guys you got lunch money on
top one percent on average got over a
fifty thousand dollar tax break okay now
you're gonna get to keep your money or
we're gonna take that fifty thousand
dollars and create jobs with it that is
excellent politics that will definitely
work in fact the Republicans right now
according the National Journal are
running ads in the special election in
the 18th district of Pennsylvania that's
happening right now and they're going
about hey we cut taxes isn't that
wonderful
and they're reporting back panic it's
not working it's not moving the needle
at all normally what do they do with all
the money in politics all the corruption
they poured into TV ads and they're like
we're awesome we gave you tax cuts and
18th district which is largely
Republican going yeah so if you unveil
this and they put some real muscle
behind this this is actually a winning
strategy yeah hallelujah we we've got a
winning strategy for the Democratic
Party yeah yeah and it's it's so
important that we cover this sort of
thing I mean we've been saying for how
long and we'll continue to say the
Democrats have got to actually stand for
something they have to propose actual
plans so I mean it's unfortunate that on
the mainstream media probably not gonna
see any coverage of this but we said we
want plans so we're actually covering
the plans were being consistent what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
