last night better O'Rourke won his
statewide primary in Texas and he will
now be the Democrat that will go against
Ted Cruz in the general election later
on this year but despite the fact that
it's been less than a day where he's
been the candidate he has already been
the target of an attack ad from Ted Cruz
which is funny for several reasons
especially one we're gonna listen to it
now and then break it down
if you gonna run in Texas you can't be a
liberal man cuz never thought is not the
spirit of a lost our man
liberal father
so we changed his name the date oh and
it is with
once those people
wants to take our guns not a chance on
earth
from millions of Texans
in Texas you can't feel it
I'm Ted Cruz and I approve this message
yeah all right I love that man I read I
read about the ad I did not hear it
until we just played it live for you
guys and first of all the country song
was hilarious I greatly amused by will
break down the facts in a second but to
me I don't know if you got the same
thing that I did out of it his weenie
voice of that oh no Jay earlier it's
like it's the terrible craze worthy like
parody of country and then and I approve
this message
yeah he was so discordant it was jarring
it was like one of those records like
you know what you're listening along you
know you know what you're in Texas your
concern
I do want a strong man then Ted Cruz
voice ash I got a bow for bed oh oh yeah
we're gonna vote against the Liberals
you know but anyway his voice is funny
that's not the biggest issue there I
mean the trying to take the entire race
and make it about the fact that he wants
open borders and he's gonna take all
your guns I don't believe that bet over
has come out in favor of those two
things necessarily maybe do your own
research but the part that I liked the
most was they say he remembers whoever
the the Clint Eastwood want to be in
their remembers reading stories about
little robber who wanted to fit in so he
changed his name to Beto and hit it with
a grin which is amazing on so many
different levels so apparently look he
came from he grew up in El Paso this is
a sort of traditional Spanish nickname
for Robert I haven't checked the numbers
I'm gonna guess there are some people
that speak Spanish in the El Paso area
so perhaps it's not crazy that you could
end up with that sort of nickname there
but that's not the big issue the big
issue is that this is an ad being
endorsed by Ted Cruz sorry his name
isn't actually Ted Cruz it's Rafael
Edward Cruz yeah
so he took Edward and shorted it to Ted
and then attacks Robert changes to Beto
he said my head explodes he said real
Texans don't have nicknames
you have a nickname and if you're not
even your names nickname it's your
middle names nickname that's got to be
worse through weird nickname math so
look part of what he's implying there is
that he changed it to Beto to try to get
Latino votes okay that he's a pandering
politician so there's the old Trump
playbook of calling Elizabeth Warren
Pocahontas etc nice racial undertones
plus it makes him seem like a pandering
politician so it's not like we're
unaware of it and but then ironically
Ted Cruz with the first name Rafael
panders in the opposite direction he
goes what no no I'm Ted I'm not Latino
kid although I think even even Rafael
Edward Cruz realizes that now you know
demographically and all that like he's I
think he's willing to accept the name
and you're gonna see that because he was
asked about this ad how obviously
hypocritical it was and so we're gonna
break that down after this Oh after Beto
for his name bet it was obviously a
nickname why one you didn't like that
dirty pool when you were running for
president and the president called you
lyin Ted you didn't like that kind of
tactic and you know look your name is
Rafael you know you go by Ted your
middle name is Edward that's an
anglicized version of it he went the
other way and has a more ethnic version
of his name why go after it you're both
doing the same thing well listen you're
absolutely right my name is Rafael
Edward Cruz I am the son of my father
Rafael Cruz an immigrant from Cuba who
came to Texas with nothing and it had
had $100 in his underwear couldn't speak
English wash dishes making 50 cents an
hour in the future when you tell that
story he came here with $100 that's it
we don't even know where it was you know
where any of the Christopher Walken seen
in true romance no I was thinking of an
old fiction ya know he I think it's the
true or mice he had $100 ruled up in his
ass that's what he came to remember the
ring right there's the walk with the
wise it's both fiction there's a lot of
stuff rolled up I put it in there he was
used
a human briefcase but anyway um yeah and
look to go back to the ad I get that you
know he's gonna he's gonna talk about
his background and everything and I love
that jr. zoomed in on his face and he's
he's smiling like that like if he tries
to make this about appealing to some
sort of stereotypical traditional
version of Texas masculinity obviously
that is not going to be something that
Ted Cruz is gonna end up winning I lived
in Texas for more than four years or
more than five years there's nothing
about Ted Cruz streams that screams that
conservative Texan one thing on the
patterns still no Jake you talk about he
panted Dobbs the direction towards the
white Texan book because I'm so Ted and
not Rafael then when he gets the
opportunity to Act II it to answer why
he did it with this ad he brings up his
immigrant father from Cuba I'm one of
the good Latinos right I'm one of the
good guys my father came in is with
immigrants not one of those dirty ones
that comes in and steals all your stuff
and becomes a criminal yeah I'll admit
to being a Latino when it comes to that
yeah when it comes to anything else I'm
a little white boy from Texas he plays
both sides oh yeah I didn't notice a
damn good point I was good because
that's that's his way of saying remember
I'm not Mexican Oh such a bad guy yeah
and then the the overall idea of the
song though aside from the name is it's
just you if you're gonna run in Texas
you can't be a liberal man because
that's not the spirit of us I love that
it's like saying to all the concerns
listening to it no you will think
exactly the way we say you should think
you will never change ever but maybe
that will even work but the idea that
simply calling someone a liberal
disqualifies them and last night he
attacked Abed over oak as a he called
him a left-wing liberal I think he
called him as if that sums that's case
closed it's done something 90s anymore
it's not that 80s where for whatever
reason people on the Left were supposed
to be scared of the labels the country
was never what you think it is now and
it certainly isn't today people have
evolved their values have changed people
aren't scared of that if anything
liberal is sort of a little bit outdated
now for the most part but that's just a
ridiculous way to attempt to disqualify
someone that probably represents the
values of Texas far better than you ever
will okay so now let's go to the heart
of the question here
did a better orc make up the name later
to pander as a politician because the
politicians do it right remember Ted
Cruz picked a vice presidential nominee
Carly Fiorina and near the end of the
Republican primaries in 2016 you
remember what she had done even though
she'd gotten to Stanford they were in
the Iowa caucus and Iowa and Stanford I
think we're playing in a in a bowl game
and she's like well I'm a Stanford alum
normally I'd be in favor of Stanford but
go Iowa yeah okay pandering politician
so did better make it up later in life
well we have a picture that he tweeted
out this appears to be pretty good
evidence that's him on the right there
as a child with a shirt that says Beto
is only proof that George Soros funded
time travel technology
everybody knows Soros invented the hot
tub time machine and look normally
progressives have usually said things
are not fair and then just left it at
that oh that's unfair to attack his name
I'm not in that camp I'm in the
counter-attack camp
okay so Ted Cruz you frickin weenie and
you're gonna talk about how somebody's
not a real man in Texas I'd like to show
you a picture of a person that has those
issues in spades yeah that guy that guy
if I was metal Roark and maybe if I'm
not even better or maybe I do a Mossad
and I run this ad form anyway here's a
meme that should be go around the
internet not a man when someone insults
your wife and and your dad and basically
spits in your face and says what are you
gonna do about it Raphael and you
phonebank form like a broken man don't
go around question anybody else's
masculinity if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now t whitey network.com slash
join get the whole younger so every day
