last night we had Texas primaries John
and I covered for you guys at length and
if you didn't hear the news let me tell
you all about it whoa no let me tell you
about the Texas primaries so on the
unsurprising side we had Ted Cruz
winning the Republican primary of course
to run for Senate again in Texas
better or or congressman from Texas
obviously running in against Ted Cruz
and Senate he won comfortably no problem
there
okay and Vettel Rourke doesn't a Kenny
PAC money so he's uncorrupted in that
way and he's very progressive so that's
good and interesting news on that front
but the real drama of the night was are
the Justice Democratic candidates going
to win now these are the really
progressive candidates some of them the
Democratic Party not only are opposed to
but actively openly Laura Moser they did
Oppo research on and then released it
publicly so it was a it the civil war
with the Democratic Party had commenced
last night so who's gonna win to
establishment guys or the just Democrats
who run with no corporate PAC money and
and sign on to a progressive platform so
a little bit of mixed results but plenty
of drama and overall I think very good
results okay so but let me give you the
good news the bad news is nominees okay
first I'm gonna tip our forty two our
fallen comrades here so there were seven
Justice Democrats up last night there's
52 overall in the country in Texas
second District we had J Darnell Jones
now if you make it into a second place
and the first place person does not have
50% in Texas you have a runoff now Jones
did get second place but unfortunately
the person in first squeaked out the
majority there at fifty two point eight
percent so there will be no runoff Todd
Linton is the Democratic candidate in
the second District
so Darnell Jones lost now a fan favorite
Derrick crow was is a person who's been
involved to progressive politics for a
long time he was in the 21st district
and
there we had a really crowded primary
with a lot of vote getters a lot of
times it's just first a second but in
this case really spread out and in that
district he had a really good showing 23
points but unfortunately I came in third
so there is a runoff there but he will
not make the runoff so as you can see
there 23.1% but you've got Mary Wilson
and Joseph cops are ahead of them so
they'll be doing a runoff in May so
those two just Democrats lost well now
let me go to some of the winners so
you're getting a sense of the math here
so if you're paying attention all right
first we go to the most obvious one of
the first just Democrat to win the
primary in the country in history in
fact okay I believe the just Democrat
caucus will be an incredibly strong
uncorrupted progressive caucus inside
that the House and the Senate and the
person who started it when they look
back in history will be Vanessa Adia in
Texas she was in the 12th district now
we have to confess it was not a surprise
that she won because she was running
uncontested hence Vanessa a 1 and by the
way on our live coverage last night tea
white tea network.com slash live on all
the primary nights all Tuesday nights
she came on afterwards and talked about
there actually was a person in the race
but Vanessa's candidacy was so strong
that person dropped out of the race and
that's why by the end she was unopposed
now another huge winner and we had her
on as well Adrienne Bell in Texas 14th
district
she won overwhelmingly seventy nine
point eight percent so there will be no
runoff she is the winner
and she will go on to take the
Republican taking on the Republican in
the 14th district and they better watch
out she's told a great story she's a
second grade teacher a lot of these
folks Vanessa's a teacher Adrian's a
teacher
Rick Trevino as a teacher and she told a
story about how her second graders sent
her a note saying go miss bell go so and
and we nicknamed her to the Liberty Bell
so she's calming men that 80% and she
talked about how her volunteers made a
huge their 440 volunteers in that
district so people power actually
working and and they cut in a bit of a
landslide in that case now one that was
really up in the air was Lindsay Fagan
she was in 26th district basically two
people in that race and and in that race
we had first Lindsay leading was some
percentage of the vote
reporting and then her following in the
second place and the person above her
above 50% because it's basically just
two people and it went back and forth
back and forth all night long - Lizzie
Vega declare the winner
52.7% beating out will Fisher she will
take on the Republican in that district
so that's three winners clearly going
forward now and no run offs in those now
let's go ahead to the last two the Laura
Moser race is the one that most people
were paying attention to because the
d-triple-c attacked her in the middle of
a primary violating their own rules to
not attack fellow Democrats it was
unprecedented and she was a sixth-place
just a couple of weeks ago could she
make it all the way up to the top two to
get into the runoff well it turns out
thank you very much d-triple-c she did
in fact do that she came in second and a
pretty close second at twenty four point
three there was a lot of people in that
race there was a former goldman sachs
banker in that race who people thought
was gonna come in second because of his
money wrong people power Laura Moser
just Democrat backed by our revolution
backed by progressive change campaign
committee as well going to the runoff
okay and then last night John and I had
a lot of fun tracking the Rick Trevino
race now rick is another one of these
guys real person teacher got a bunch of
volunteers and and he fought real hard
he was in he started a third place which
would have meant that he was not in the
runoff in fact Geena Jones in that race
was above 50% for a while meaning there
would be no runoff but that all of a
sudden here comes Rick Trevino he came
in and jumped in a second Geena Jones
fell out of the out of 50% less she
became less than 50 feet up pulls it out
he is now going into the runoff and and
man he went to second place third place
second place third place and it was
incredible drama last night they haven't
quite given him to check yet they're
probably going to check the votes a
little bit more thoroughly but he won by
over 200 votes and by the way guys get
out there and vote in the primaries look
at how little these votes are okay he
won by about 200 votes so if you're out
in the 23rd district in Texas and you
went after it and and you participate
you a volunteer for rig you donated a
break or you
I actually went out and voted for him
you made the difference so he is likely
going the run off so by the way the
links for all these folks to help them
donate volunteer website will be down
below on description box on YouTube in
the comment section on Facebook when if
you're watching this later online and
and lastly let's just do a tally here we
got three clear wins going to up against
Republicans we got two people on the
runoff and by the way in the runoff once
you knock out a lot of the establishment
folks and a lot of people that are
progressive were claiming to be
progressive etc you got one
establishment person against one
progressive I think those odds favor us
greatly okay we'll find out if I'm right
or wrong about that but two people in
runoff and two people who lost 3-2 and
two that is not bad for the first night
of the just Democrats that is I think a
very very strong showing yeah I mean
remember look when I asked experts when
the Justice Democrats first began how
many just Democrats do you think
there'll be in in Congress in 2019 the
answer I got was universally zero or one
okay the one right some I don't know
maybe one guy will squeak in etc right
now first of all there's already two
incumbents roll Cannon and roll Grijalva
so we're on those on you we're already
in the over okay but these folks are
coming man if you're not looking out for
the Liberty Bell you're making a mistake
okay so and and of course I got to get
past the runoffs the ones that are in
there and Nate and then they got to beat
the Republicans but these districts are
swinging and in Texas is turning more
blue every day and there's a lot more
Democrats showing up and a lot more
energy so here come the Justice
Democrats yeah yeah and we saw I mean
obviously there's a ton of analysis
about you know what happened and we saw
that both with many Justice Democrats
and then also outside of it a lot of
female candidates doing very well in
Texas it looks like based on demographic
trends and blah blah blah
Texas boat is about to have its first
ever
latina congresswoman in fact it it looks
like it's about to have to it seems
crazy demographically that it never has
before but that's about to change as
well so one of many good changes coming
to Texas thanks to the most recent round
of primaries yeah and if you want to
watch all of our coverage TYT Network
comm slash joined become a member and
you can get it anytime you want if you
want to see some of the interviews we do
with the candidates youtube.com slash
tyt politics or the main channel
youtube.com slash tyt you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
