let's go to a really important
interesting and contested one John can I
get the results for the 14th district of
Texas so there we have just Democrat
Adrienne Bell and I've talked to her
before and I think she's a really strong
candidate how is she doing there in that
district
well so far we do only have two
precincts reporting however with that
it's a fairly dominating lead for
Adrienne Bell at seventy four point
eight percent of the vote a little bit
outside of the range of the runoff at
least right now yes so not called yet
but we got the lead there and that those
feel good and I believe we have a drew
Bell on the line she is okay so no look
I have a little bit of bad news for you
you're a little under 75% right now okay
so it it looks like there's a jubilant
mood if you're at your headquarters in
your headquarters because you right now
you're way ahead and so far how
indicative of do you think these results
are I think it's going to show the
results of all the work that we haven't
do it out in the field and I think it's
showing tonight because the people are
choosing an educator to send to Congress
now I love it I love seeing these happy
jubilant times that at headquarters of
just Democrats they run uncorrupted they
run with no corporate cash and they're
still winning so if if you do wind up
getting you know winning the race as
your leading right now what's your plan
for the general election to go after the
Republican in your race got to be a
well-oiled machine
and we have got to bring
as many volunteers or staff that we can
get together so that we can get out the
vote in the different counties I'm
talking so many people that energy there
was some Republicans that told me today
that they were voting for me in a
general election so I think it's gonna
be a different story in the general
election and we have a campaign and we
were talking about this is that people
are concerned about I was talking to a
bet 1112 sorry he wasn't a better but
he's homeless and he was almost crying
and asking me but please miss go please
do something about this so we don't have
to live homeless and so it is for him
that I'm gonna push forward and push
hard so that in 2019 Texas 14 will be
represented by a Democrat front ok camp
and wait to call you a representative
bail so so let's talk about how you won
if that is in fact how it winds up
tonight what do you think made the
difference for your campaign grassroots
efforts we started this campaign back in
May when I became a member a brand new
Congress and so we press board I'm ready
to gather volunteers
I have field background and I think that
helps because there are certain things
that I know that has to be done and
frankly there are a lot of things that I
did on my own that because I know how to
do those type of things for campaigns
that I work for President Obama's
campaign and I was a deputy field
director with about about Texas and
Willie Davis campaign so field
experience helps and haven't I have a
huge amount of volunteers who are all
around you like I just can't hear no
we're good here just all excited and
we're just waiting for all the results
to Romi but we're feeling we feel like
winners right about that so let me ask
you about some metrics so so far how
much money have you guys raised not
enough not not enough we have raised
about fifty five thousand and so we need
about a hundred thousand or because I've
got to hire a full time staff we are in
three counties and I put in these 20,000
miles
personally this year and you know last
year and so in order to roll over the
Republican Roisin we have got to have
money we've got to have staff in each
location and we've got to be able to
have kill people that can go out
register voters here are young voters
involved and really make this thing
happen
so what works is you can you remind
everybody where your website is my
website well that's ve ll 2018 calm and
so everybody could volunteer donate
there we'll have the links down below if
you're watching this later
so what remind me or in remind the
viewers what your profession was before
you start running for Congress
I'm a second grade school teacher in the
largest school district in Texas I'm
still as good a teacher I am currently
on a beam so that I could devote myself
full time to my campaign and I tell you
one of the real highlights of my morning
one of my students sent me well he sent
to his home this was odd she posted a
picture that he had made jingo
misspelled and that just did it
I am so happy they're watching it I've
got to be you know really successful
because they don't talk about this so
there's so many things I love about a
good night like this first of all go
misspelled go that's right and insane of
all I've got your nickname obviously I
mean you're running uncorrupted you're
gonna bring democracy back you're gonna
take money out of politics
you're obviously Liberty Bell that's the
only way that we can start having a
government that's created laws for the
people is that good take money out of
politics and so I am a boss and I'm
bought and I am so happy about it yeah I
love it
alright one more thing how many
volunteers did you have down there right
now I have about 50 sitting here so we
had about a hundred
and forty volunteers and that is just
like a small amount of the ones that I
need to have some of my best volunteers
are standing behind me Justin has been
with me since the very beginning and
it's like it's hard to have someone make
Mindy it's on Galveston Island good week
from the very beginning I don't know who
this person is since the beginning and
like I say it's been sensing me and so
we are so excited it's so happy I'm so
glad that you called me back on the show
because it is like I feel like I've made
it so next thing is gonna be I don't
know thank you so much yeah no no of
course super happy about it like I said
we'll have all the links to help the
Liberty Bell win the 14th district in
Texas so go get em and I just want to
leave the audience with this thought
look $55,000 is not a lot of money but
it was enough to win the primary but
more important than that one hundred and
forty volunteers that's what made the
difference okay so go volunteer and
whether it's for the Liberty Bell or but
for any other candidate go out there
find your local just Democrats find your
local progressive candidates that you
love in your neck of the woods make sure
they're not taking corporate PAC money
and and let's go get them go misspelled
go I love it all right thank you I do
have one other interesting update yes go
it's kind of irrelevant I guess because
here we already called it but the 14th
district Adrienne Bell declared the
winner
damn right done go miss Bell Go Go Go Go
Miss Bell go
okay oh and you want to run this here we
go that's the sweet sound of the Liberty
Bell okay at 77.8% okay it's official we
are two for two right now if we keep
going like this we will be 52 for 52
could you imagine the answer's no
actually that is asking for too much
