now we present to you the new winner in
Texas is twelfth district primary
Vanessa ADEA justice Doubleday and
winner all right how you doing man esse
oh I'm great it's been a fantastic night
I spent the night at the polls greeting
parents and students who were coming out
to vote me and it was definitely the
highlight of this campaign so far all
right I love it I love seeing happy
headquarters there I almost said rebel
headquarters but in a sense it is
tonight so now look we're gonna keep it
real with the audience you you were
running on a post so that did make the
victory slightly easier but our Theory
Vanessa was that you scared everyone
else out of the race I think that's
actually true I did start with an
opponent and that opponent did bow out
before the primary began so I think we
did win this primary um you know
actually back in June yeah and that's
that's my County candidate I'm gonna say
idea too strong just too strong where
the opponent just gives up and goes up
top not gonna do it obviously I gotta go
up against there so let's talk about how
you been running this race so far how
many volunteers you got well we've got
over 300 volunteers which is actually
pretty incredible and the reason is
because there's so much energy in this
area right now people are realizing the
power of their vote for far too long
we've been told that our vote doesn't
matter and people are starting to wake
up and realize that that just isn't true
there are far more of us than we have
ever imagined and we're starting to
figure that out as we actually talk to
our neighbors and our friends we realize
that we are not alone I love that
message and I love 300 volunteers
it's a giant giant difference so I don't
know if you if it's been determined on
the Republican side yet in the 12th
district do you know who you're running
up against in the general election yes I
am running against cake Ranger who was
also unopposed okay
right and she's an incumbent so since
she's an incumbent what's your battle
plan for defeating the entrenched
establishment candidate there well so we
know that you know Kay has a stockpile
of money but we have a stock
I love people and one of the messages
that I've been putting out there is that
there's two types of power in politics
there's money power and there's people
power and people power will win every
time and that's what we're focused on
we're focused on getting our message out
there it's a message of hope it's a
message that when we stand together our
voices amplified and we are ready for
somebody to listen to us in Washington
DC once again
so now establishment media would say
well you got a Republican incumbent
there so that must be a Republican
district but since you're just Democrat
we know you're actually very progressive
and you're not taking corporate cash so
how how do you think it progressive
message is going to resonate in that
district I think that people are ready
for somebody to run with integrity
because we are saying we're saying no to
dirty money that lets people know that
the first question and the only question
that matters is whether or not something
is good for the people in this district
and the people here have been going
without the voice being heard for far
too long
cake Ranger hasn't had a Town Hall since
the early 2000s and most recently she
has blamed you know safety because you
know that's the reason why she hasn't
done it well that surely hasn't been the
reason for over a decade
she's got excuse after excuse but the
reality is she doesn't really care what
the average person in this district
hopes or fears or what they care about
and at the end of the day our campaign
is ready to listen to the people and
we're ready to act on their behalf okay
and so what are the top issues that
you're gonna run out in the general
election well I'm a teacher so education
is important to me and I think that it's
extremely important we have a quality
fully funded pre-k through college with
trade school opportunities for all
people in order to fully participate in
our economy we need to have a good solid
education it's why I became a teacher in
the first place it's because I believe
that education is the levels the playing
field for all of us and that we could be
on successful adults but I've also
realized
that being a great teacher isn't enough
anymore we need to take care of our
children and their families and the
things that they're struggling with and
in our district they're struggling with
health care far too many of our families
are choosing between their bills and
their health
I've got far too many friends who have
set up GoFundMe pages to you know get
their health care needs taken care of
and we're tired of it
we can do better and we must do better
and then we're also concerned about
making sure that we have an economy that
works for us there's so many families
that are struggling just to get by and
they're working hard and we need to
bring dignity back to work by making
sure that every single family is able to
earn a family sustaining wage and that
we don't allow big corporations like
Walmart to essentially subsidize their
employees salary through you know
TANF and snap and things like that which
is what's going on right now yep so I
want him to make sure that everybody
knows your website is Vanessa ADEA calm
and you can volunteer so 300 volunteers
through the primaries is great let's see
if we can make that six hundred for the
general election or or maybe there we
dream more because I think people power
I think you're absolutely right can be
money power I think people are tired of
all the money and all the corruption in
politics I think they're looking for
someone like you to come in and and
teach a lesson if you will corrupt
politicians and and it's it's great to
see you here and I hope you come back in
and check in with us at rebel
headquarters and the rest of the TYT
Network as as your campaign develops
wonderful well thank you so much for
sharing this night with everybody out
there watching and we're so excited to
be part of the Blue Wave that's starting
here in Texas and Vanessa one last thing
congratulations you're the first Justice
Democrat to win your race yes thank you
so much yeah all right excellent go get
