back in November there was a tragic and
deadly mass shooting in Texas 26
congregants were killed in that shooting
and it happened in Sutherland Springs
Texas now recently two conspiracy
theorists showed up to this very church
and started harassing some of the
individuals who were victimized by the
shooting some of the individuals who
lost family members during this shooting
Robert Missouri or asuri whose 54
founded a conspiracy website known as
sigh torn and his partner Jody man who's
56 is referred to as conspiracy granny
online the two of them showed up to the
church and were promptly arrested as a
result of harassing the pastor of this
church the pair believed the church
shooting was staged by accomplices of
the government who suri continually
yelled and screamed and hollered and
told me this is the pastor he was gonna
hang me from a tree and pee on me while
I'm hanging he said your daughter never
even existed show me her birth
certificate show me anything to say she
was here I just told him there was
enough evidence already visible so if he
chooses not to see that how would I know
he would believe anything else
now the conspiracy theorist was arrested
during a white lives matter rally back
in Austin two years ago he has a lengthy
arrest history from the 1980s and 1990s
for burglary driving while intoxicated
assault and also evading arrest so he
was at a white lives matter rally that
is surprising not okay so here's the
most important part Frank Pomeroy the
pastor involved here us three attacked
him talking about his daughter because
his 14 year old daughter was killed in
the massacre these guys are making a
terrible mistake and I and I don't want
anyone to misinterpret what I'm saying
I'm not seeing this with a wink and a
nod I'm saying because I'm I'm actually
deeply concerned look you got this
America man you go to rural Texas and
you you ask the wrong guy about his dead
14 year old daughter you're gonna come
to find out the gun violence in America
is very very real so now this is a great
guy this pastor and he he's a much
better manner than I am
a lot of people are and he let it go and
he called he did the right thing he
called the authorities he waited until
they got there and then they took action
but they keep picking at these wounds
and they keep going to one the site of
one Massacre after another and yelling
at the parents yelling at the survivors
yelling at the family members and you're
gonna um how many people can you yell
out in this country about their dead
kids before trouble comes calling it's a
terrible terrible thing to do and also a
terrible idea for themselves so I do
believe that we have a huge problem in
this country with mental health that
goes untreated undiagnosed untreated and
that's partly because of our failing
health care system and then when you
couple that with known conspiracy
theorists who push ideas like the
Newtown shooting being a false flag
operation well then those who have
mental health issues are gonna buy it
and they're gonna go out and carry carry
out violence in some cases or in the
very least go out and harass people who
lost family members harass the very
people who were victimized by these mass
shootings what is wrong with people
right I mean we we're now putting some
of the most dangerous people who push
these conspiracy theories on a pedestal
they get to say whatever they want they
incite people they encourage them to go
out and harass others I mean these are
not like this pastor and and those
congregants don't deserve any type of
harassment whatsoever let them grieve
leave them alone for the love of God I
just I wish that some people like Alex
Jones would take a step back and think
about the insane pain and suffering he's
causing to victims of these crimes and
he doesn't care I mean he's making his
money you know he's doing the damage he
doesn't care he doesn't see he doesn't
see people as people he sees them as
dollar signs and if he gets to say
whatever he wants to say and make money
off of it he's gonna say it so earlier
in the show we were talking bad reality
shows and how gross they've become and
tragedy porn etc and they profit off of
people's misery and suffering and then
they put these people in the Coliseum
and we all look at it and and our
entertained by it
well this is another layer of this and
much worse even so guys who make money
off of egging unstable people on oh yeah
yeah yeah oh it's it's their company eat
you drink your children's blood they
control the media and the banks there
there's a human Pig hybrids there's
lizard people and the and the government
controls everything in the Global's
unless by the way Trump is in the
government in which case the government
is awesome curious okay and and so they
egg these guys on and they went not only
to subtleness Springs where's 26 people
were massacred inside a church they then
they also went to parkland Florida they
went to Sandy Hook they even went to the
Boston Marathon and they went to Las
Vegas for the biggest massacre in modern
history at least happened in America and
they go and harass victim after victim
and the people who egg them on no
conscience whatsoever they like oh yeah
oh yeah oh you guys are right man the
government did it their all crisis
actors they're all fake
go make sure you bother them and how do
you sleep at night man there is good and
evil it's it's not always easy to
discern and there it is a spectrum and
and there most of the people are in the
middle right but there are some bad guys
in the world and they have no morality
at all and they'll do anything for a
buck they'll do anything for attention
and not only are they good are they
hurting the victims but they're gonna
get these guys hurt too what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm slash join
