knows it arms and everybody general arts
is in the studio okay
great to have you here Allison it's good
to be back
yep so Allison aartsen running for
Senate in California US Senate that's
right yeah what a distinction yep
Oh we'll talk about what some folks are
calling your supporters well that'll be
interesting okay
so running against Dianne Feinstein
Feinstein keeps getting herself in
controversy after controversy will get
them a little bit but first we have an
exciting announcement we're gonna do a
fun campaign we you know normally try to
raise money and we have and you should
definitely do that too just Democrats
calm slash Allison okay but tonight
we're launching a campaign to raise what
else to raise volunteers okay yes so how
many volunteers you have right now 700
you started with 700 when you serve this
campaign
it's a 761 our goal for now is
apparently as you guys see on the screen
there 2,000 volunteers by the way go to
Allison Hartson dot-com slash now okay
because we got to have the fierce
urgency of now and volunteer for Allison
if you're in the state of California
okay because the thesis is and correct
me where I'm wrong here Allison is that
perhaps our warriors can overcome their
money advantage that is the plan we've
seen that happen in races just last year
in 2016 as well we know we can do that
boots on the ground we have more people
than they have money it's just a matter
of taking action and what's really nice
is that you don't have to be experienced
and you don't have to have a lot of time
so if those you don't have to have money
experience or time and we can still win
somehow no but it's true
so I volunteered raus and so I guess I'm
701 because I see we started campaign
100 and then I went and volunteered and
first of all easy-peasy
so you go you enter like three things in
about five seconds if I can do it you
guys queue to it immediately we're going
to easy but what I liked was after you
volunteer you get a win immediately you
you're asked this is you know good idea
you're asked to share Alison's Facebook
page and Twitter page and follow well
that's already helpful because that's
helps spread the word and then what
happens after that else and then after
that you are asked to attend an event
that is one option so it's so easy to
find an event on the website now we also
make it easy to send you an email so you
just click on a link and it's all right
there at your fingertips yeah I want to
propose an amendment here which is just
either go to one event or knock on one
door or make one phone call and then
we'll worry about the rest later okay
just give one home - you can call from
home which means you don't have to be in
California to be one of Hearts ins
heroes you don't have to like being with
people in person Sierra's okay hearts as
heroes is awesome
right good that that's what friends are
calling we'll get to what the critics
are calling in a second
Oh God okay yeah like like you said one
one door one event you might find that
you really like it like I've worked on a
few campaigns before I met great people
like you know aside from the whole
you're trying to get the right people in
office there's the social element and
all that like this is a great thing to
actually take ownership of the change
that you want to see in government it's
so true
there are countless people who got
started with Wolfpack for those who
don't know I was a National Director
with Wolf Pack to get big money out of
politics and and so with that
organization there were people who
signed up who again had no experience
whatsoever who were incredibly nervous
and now some of them are running for
office oh wow you know some of them have
gone on to be leaders in their community
to lead like an hour revolution chapter
so people get really inspired saying
okay fine I'll try
and then they get addicted you know our
selection so I I interviewed a candidate
in in Nevada who was a wolf pack
volunteer who's now running for office
yeah and then there's a guy named Brent
welder and I just realized this Brent
must have worked under you because you
were the National Director mm-hmm yep
how cool is that
yeah and how badass would it be if
Alison is the US senator from California
and Brent welders a congressman from
California I believe I said when I
launched it in 2011 that they're not
coming for us that we're coming for them
you did the press release that you to
just put forward legislation assent in
the house yeah that's right
oh yeah co-sponsor senator Hartson and
congressman welder yeah how good does
that sound so Brent welder leading by
seven points in his racing in Kansas
third District TRT Kansas calm Allyson
Feinstein's in a world of trouble
she lost the California Democratic Party
yeah vote so she will not be getting the
endorsement of the California Democratic
Party that's nearly unprecedented for
any college I want to talk about how
that really happened to which the press
has not been covering okay yes yes yes
go for it well so Dianne Feinstein was
expected of course to get the
endorsement of the California Democratic
Party and she lost because true
progressives Bernie Kratz they have
basically infiltrated the California
Democratic Party and become delegates in
2016 working to learn how the
bureaucracy of getting involved actually
works they have spent the last two years
working through this figuring it out and
then last weekend at the California
Democratic Party convention they worked
overtime to block that endorsement and
they were able to do it with just a few
percentage points but every inch matters
when we are fighting for what we are
well so that leads me to the kind of
nickname that the Democratic Party
establishment is given to Bernie Sanders
supporters in your
supporters what are they what did they
call them are you talking about the
inconsequential yeah you saw that yes
yes inconsequential and cute so there
has been I don't want to be them so bad
with cute that's nice and I'm like let's
jump how cute we are there have been a
few people different convert totally
separate conversations within the the
party who have talked about how true
progressives and I right now I use the
word true progressive to distinguish
between this word progressive that
Democrats are just throwing around right
now because it works for the base and so
they have been they have said to me on
several occasions talking about
progressives as being inconsequential
they're cute they say what they're doing
right now and inside of the Democratic
Party it's cute it's inconsequential but
it's cute first of all that's a
compliment I think because it means that
they feel threatened they know that we
are not backing down it's incredibly
condescending and offensive of course
but they're they're feeling it they're
feeling the heat and then we proved it
and and really the the progressive
delegates specifically by being able to
block that endorsement from the
all-powerful Dianne Feinstein that's
incredible so I have to confess that I
forgot that people can volunteer from
all across the country to make calls for
you so that two thousand gold we're
gonna blow that out of the water we
might hit that tonight and then we're
gonna have to set it much much higher
okay so can I see Allison Hart's ENCOM
slash now one more time I want to see
what we're up to so it may it may not
automatically does early yeah it may not
automatically go up right now oh it
might even take 24 hours okay then let's
stop showing it for now to tomorrow and
I'll show you what the results are
tomorrow because I think that's really
important yeah but you know in terms of
the incas questions right yeah well if
you're sewing
special why did Diane Feinstein not get
the endorsement exactly okay so I think
they might have misunderstood what's
going on
but then there's point number two which
is that so Diane Feinstein is deeply
conservative you know she voted for
Bush's tax cuts water for Bush's Iraq
war earlier voted to get rid of the
estate taxes for the Deaf I mean on and
on and on so she has disdain for the
base and has often run campaigns
political campaigns against her base to
get Republican votes there are others in
the race who are trying to play to the
base and win the base over Allison is
the base but there's a huge huge
difference and and and that's why I talk
about on the show all the time we don't
have to convince Allison Hartson to do
the right thing she already believes the
same thing was we believe so wouldn't it
be amazing if we just had a
representatives that represented us so
like for those of people who don't know
just list your priorities Medicare for
all wait let me convince you that
Medicare for all yeah right no yeah
let's move on to all of the other issues
that we need to be fighting for at the
same time right I know instead of
getting caught up for years just talking
about one issue at a time we've got
Medicare for all higher wages for all
$15 minimum wage tied to inflation
college for all preschool for all we
need to really divest from our militated
military budget and instead invest in
education remove our dependency on the
fossil fuel industry and instead invest
in clean energy 100% renewable energy
there's a number of things that we need
to do you know fighting for it to
protect and strengthen our unions are
our labor force this strike that we just
saw I think is it officially ended now
West Virginia is has been really
inspiring and pretty incredible and so
we need to keep that kind of strength in
our working class moving forward yeah
but can I get you to $15 minimum wage
oh you're already there yeah I would
actually probably push beyond that
because I have a feeling by the time we
actually get it a living wage is going
to be higher than $15 right and in all
seriousness so you talk about bloated
military budget but a lot of times the
problems will brag and Dianne Feinstein
will brag but we have to help the
military we have to support the troops
yeah but it's the money all the money
they've just added what over a hundred
billion dollars more than the budget
used to be yeah it's now over 700
billion dollars do they give that to the
troops right exactly and then meanwhile
the pay for the troops is is measly and
and then more higher wages for the
troops no I'm serious
of course of course higher wages for the
troops I think you said the numbers last
time I was on here what they actually
get paid when all is said and done yeah
I think that the people that are coming
in at the the lowest level of the
starting level in the military start at
$19,000 a year yeah I remember when I
first started media I had a job for
24,000 a year and I was like I don't
know how I'm supposed to survive and I
guess like miniscule studio apartment
right I was so proud when I got a futon
but here our troops sacrificing their
lives for us they don't get any of that
money yeah the troops we would be
spending money on our actual soldiers
making sure they really have what
exactly it is that they need and then
when they return home fully supporting
our vets to be able to transition back
into life with fully covered health care
with education with a jobs guarantee
program that's what our vets need
speaking of vets do you remember there
was a volunteer that we talked about
last time I was here his name was Jerry
Perez yeah he is a military vet and we
just hired him oh wait a minute is this
thing oh yeah
so I remember talking about Jerry and he
is in a part of California and I said
Diane sorry that parts gone Jays on the
beat so would you hire a mess
he's our fill director one of our fill
directors and so what he does
specifically is when you go to sign up
to volunteer online then he helps you to
be able to find out exactly how to
attend an event specifically host an
event make sure you have all of the
resources that you need that everybody's
fully supported and and and when we go
and knock on doors you know the thing is
there's there's a there's a system
behind it all to make sure that we are
being incredibly strategic so that the
voters are informed about the fact that
they have a choice because that's what
the mainstream media is trying to to
make people not be aware of that there
that there is another choice and that
there's a slew of choices and so we are
overcoming that by making sure that
we're knocking on doors and calling
voters because everybody deserves to
know what their options are no no guys I
I just saw the future and it's wonderful
yeah so let me explain a couple of
things that are gonna happen that are
great number one some of you are gonna
volunteer for Allison and again you
don't have to be in California because
you could make calls into California to
let people know about the real
progressive candidate in the race so who
a lot of you will get to meet the
legendary Jerry Perez hey some of you
will whether you're doing the house
parties or whatever or maybe on the
phone and somebody will call you after
your volunteer and at one point somebody
pick up the phone and go hi this is
Jerry but it knows seriousness all these
people who were volunteers and then now
you've hired how many people six six
people you know why it's a Senate
campaign it's serious which by the way
requires resources so can you guys pull
up justice Democrats comm slash Allison
now we've raised a decent amount of
money but Dianne Feinstein is gonna have
about ten million dollars we think yeah
the average US Senate race cost ten
million dollars and by the way the the
link I think is Jade MGUS forward slash
Allison you can use either oh you
okay yes all that forward/center stuff
confuses me I'm simple so just Democrats
that calm slash Allison and the more
money she has the more people she can
hire and the more volunteers we can have
yeah that's right and so we it does
there's so much that goes into running a
campaign and and the the idea is to make
things as easy and simple for people as
possible because we know of course that
everybody is working full-time going to
school full-time doing everything they
can just to keep up with politics and so
to get involved as I know so many people
want to but to just even know how do I
even start what do I even do the idea as
an organizer is to make it as simple as
possible and that's what we do yeah so
you know I said I had a vision of the
future right so some of you guys saw me
Jerry it's a fun small part of that the
real deal is 2,000 goal is you got to be
crazy dog we're gonna blow past that you
guys are to sign up now sign up now one
call all you got to do is one call you
don't even have to do the call you just
said you give sign up and you will get
all you share on Facebook and Twitter
you're already helping and every once in
a while they'll send you emails saying
hey can you share this post and that
helps a lot you'd be surprised at how
much it helps it spreads the message out
the true progressive message out but I I
just realized all across the country
people can volunteer you're gonna have
an army of I'm gonna say twenty thousand
people every one of them cuter than the
last
so imagine and Feinstein gets hit with
an army of twenty thousand progressives
and she goes what in the world just
happen to me okay
well hearts is about to happen to you
okay so become a Hartson hero right now
allison arts and comm slash now can i
see just democrats not calm slash
Allison this is how you donate by the
way if you're watching this later than
we're doing live election coverage on
Tuesday night but if you're watching
later on youtube all the links are in
the description box below and on
facebook in the comment section do we
ever pulled up no that's that's the
volunteers Holden's
that will make sure that's updated
well that thermometer is a little slower
it looks fancy but it's a little slower
by the way now obsess I can't wait there
for a fresh set tomorrow mm-hmm
to see if we already hit mm I love that
that thermometer is like doubly
deceptive it doesn't update but it
continually implies that it's updated
and then doesn't update that is the only
thing that Allison will be deceptive
about unlike other violations by the way
okay let's note here a couple of things
you region that one does automatically
update by the way yes so that's $259,000
which ain't not miss Neeson and hence
why Alice has been able to hire six
people but look the threshold of the
media uses which is maddening but it is
what it is is $500,000 to quote unquote
take you seriously now who cares well
the reason it matters is if they write
about Allison then the message gets out
to more and more people if they talk
about Allison Hart's ins campaign that
message get some more and more people
but much more importantly you get to
500,000 you hire more people you have
more people to coordinate volunteers and
do all the other important parts of the
the campaign by the way us pulling this
off with $500,000 will be unheard of but
that will show like that is grassroots
but if you get to 500,000 I'll see
you're kind of wet no no and so guys
we're not on realistic here we're
incredibly practical and and and I say
we from time to time and I want to be
super clear about this I said it on the
day we announce what I'll say it again
here I'm an informal campaign advisor to
Allison I'm not hiding them you can tell
I'm a huge fan I hired her to be the
National Director a wolf pack because
she killed it she organized over 30,000
people for Wolf Pack so this 20,000 is
actually under shooting a little bit
when we get to 20 minutes in California
for this race and so what the reason
that I'm saying we're being practical is
that California has a runoff so you
don't have to beat Feinstein the first
time around you just have to make sure
that you get in the top two
and if you get in the top two and then
you've got 84 year-old Dianne Feinstein
nothing wrong with her age it's just
that she hasn't changed in 50 years
she's still running the same kind of
conservative politics she did 50 years
ago and she cannot change she's a fossil
she's stuck in time and and her in her
arrogant overconfident way calling all
progressives inconsequential and cute
etc versus a fired-up progressive I'm
telling you guys it's it's not look I
know people are gonna think it's an
outrageous statement but by the time you
give the general election if it's you
versus spy sign on the runoff
I don't even think it's gonna be close I
think you're gonna crush her but we got
to get in the runoff and if you're gonna
get in the runoff you need that money
you need those volunteers volunteer army
is the most important that's exactly
right because the this leg right now up
to June 5th is the most important a lot
of people because a lot of people are
trying to still understand like general
versus the primary election which by the
way on my website go to go to my website
and I explained lead if us between the
primary and general why it's so
important to vote in the primary but
some people I talk to say I can't wait
to vote for you November well you can't
vote for me in November if you don't
vote for me on June 5th you gotta get
out there and ask for early mail-in
ballots - yeah yes exactly so this
really is the most important stretch
right now and one thing I want to say to
be before I forget is we have our
resources in I'm wearing one of our
shirts can you see it oh yeah so uh this
is a painting that one of our supporters
did he's an artist in a musician and he
painted a couple amazing amazing
pictures and then our graphic designer
put it together in a shirt and so this
is one of our designs and we're gonna
have a store on the website in about a
week where you can go and buy resources
it'll help advertise it'll also help us
to fund raise the money that we need so
we have all kinds of stuff coming in
stickers bumper stickers you name it
then we'll know you're one of Hardison's
heroes one more thing here and and this
is going to be amusing so you have all
these volunteers and there are already
people powered they got the graphics
they're making sure it's a cetera are
you gonna and you're gonna take them
eventually I don't know if it's right
now but start to break them down into
like how they can help other than just
calling and volunteering yes oh yeah if
you if you can't or don't want to call
or knock on doors you can help in a
number of ways like like this guy did
his name's Graham Richards
and he he painted a picture that's now
one of our logos somebody else made that
video that you know I think most people
have seen at this point who watched your
show they just kind of volunteered put
this video together and sent it my way
you can help us to text people you can
you name it I have somebody who reached
out to me and asked if he can make a
song about the campaign I'm like you
don't need to ask just do it fun that's
awesome yeah and so guys just do a
simple thing first your Allyson arson
calm slash now and say yes on Facebook
and Twitter follower and then see if you
can make a call or do and then make sure
it's make songs make whatever you want
okay and get them on the fight but the
amusing thing is Allison how can they
volunteer for Diane Feinstein I still
haven't figured it out volunteer this is
really funny okay it's funny on two
fronts so no one would ever talk about
volunteering you know how to volunteer
for their opponent but Allison you went
on the website Feinstein his website is
there a place where you can volunteer I
haven't found it and I'd also took me
I actually didn't find her website
because I was doing I was trying to find
it
digging and digging and digging and
finally something was like oh here it is
it was like 17 pages in or something in
Google I don't know it was really
difficult right exactly exactly yeah
because she thinks I have all the money
I don't need any inconsequential people
you can't volunteer for her that's
amazing
maybe if you're rich and you're
connected you could do an internship or
something I once went to Hillary
Clinton's
headquarters and was filled with people
and excellent clothing during interships
you know I don't even think they would
even know what to do with volunteers
because organizing and working with
volunteers really takes a lot there's a
lot that goes into it and I when I was
working with Wolf Pack and I spoke to a
number of legislators who would tell me
that they would prefer to just take
money because it's easier than taking
volunteers and working with volunteers
just just do money and just do
establishment media and you don't have
to to do all the organizing that goes
into it in a lot of cases you don't then
have to get into office and do the work
of being a politician right you lose the
election but it was guys who are hooked
on corporate cash yeah they're like
people are annoying we have to deal with
that you know you're supposed to be
their representative yeah I don't know
if you know that part yeah so all right
I'm not rather spend my time seeking
volunteers than seeking corporate money
that is for sure exactly and so by the
way the second amusing part of that is
that because we had this discussion
Dianne Feinstein will almost certainly
get a bump up on our website because
people now start searching for it like
to try to find it and there's going to
be a moment I'm almost certain of this
at Feinstein headquarters tomorrow
morning where a staffer goes up to the
campaign manager or whatever loose
that's really weird last night we got
this bump up in our numbers on the
website I don't even know how people
found it finding this website come on
20,000 2,000 go that is Shou Shou man
20,000 and in Allison Hart's ins army
and and and we take California I cannot
imagine that how great that is gonna
feel on election night if I say now the
new senator from California
Allison hearts it I'm still practicing
my wave
all right Allison thank you so much for
coming
