I have another story for you guys from
TYT and investigates is the wonderful
group funded by our audience and they're
out there doing what what other folks
are not which is investigating where the
money is coming from and why the
congressman and the Senators are making
the decisions that they are so the rest
of the media will report
oh they're Heidi Heitkamp for example
with the person that this story's about
the senator from North Dakota has to
vote with the Republicans from time to
time she just has to because of the
state that she's in now that is very
shallow analysis of the situation so
it's our job at the Young Turks to go a
little deeper and in that regard to you
whitey investigates goes and gets the
facts to help us do that so let's look
at those facts Alex Koch reporting for
us here this week the US Senate will
consider a bipartisan bill to massively
roll back regulations put in place to
prevent the risky financial practices
that led to the 2008 economic crisis now
that doesn't seem like a good idea I
wonder why they're doing that well first
of all I want to just dip into reporting
by a Vox at Matt Iglesias here to give
you a little bit of context and then
I'll get back to our report the bank
bill would be a golden opportunity Matt
explains to exert some influence over
the Republicans especially on the issue
of finance but they haven't done it the
Democrats the dozen moderates voting for
the legislation aren't striking a deal
with the GOP to get something done
they're giving away the store and that's
true they're not saying hey we'll trade
you banking deregulation which could
destabilize the whole economy if you
give us some progressive priorities no
they're just saying oh we like banking
deregulation curious why do they well
let's find out so Elizabeth Warren calls
this act
hashtag bank lobbyists act and she does
that because the banks have been
furiously lobbying for this bill and
this legislation throughout there's
probably a good reason for that because
they're gonna make money at our expense
take higher risks which leads to higher
return for them
then potentially craters our economy so
hide camp in particular what could be
her motivations well as Koch reports
here one of the bills chief architects
senator heidi heitkamp and her husband
have nearly 1 million dollars invested
in two of the bills biggest winners
JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway
according to a 2016 financial disclosure
document reviewed by TYT investigates it
dig just a little bit and you might find
out the real reasons why these
politicians vote the way that they do I
encourage you to get all the details we
have the length of the article down
below in the description box on YouTube
and conversation section on Facebook
you'll find out she has four and a half
million dollars but a million dollars is
still a huge chunk of that so she has a
lot to gain from supporting the
Republicans in deregulating these banks
at least in the short term height camps
commercial banking industries number one
recipient of campaign donations in the
current election cycle having reported
receipts of 157 thousand dollars from
the bank's employees and political
action committees so not only does she
have her own money invested in these
banks at a huge sum
she's also the number one recipient of
their campaign donations she I wonder
why she's supporting them I wonder if
it's based on principles or how her
voters are gonna vote I mean people say
that and they don't question it at all
really the good people of North Dakota
can't wait to deregulate the banks
that's a top priority for them really
have you ever asked them I've seen the
polling in in deeply red states they
don't like the bankers they don't like
him at all well that's why Eric Cantor
lost in his race in a legendary upset he
was a Republican leader the House
Majority Leader and he lost in a primary
because his opponent ran against the
bank's there is no data supporting that
the people of North Dakota loved giant
banks and that's why I can't vote it
that way that is not why she votes that
way she does it for the donations and
she does it for our personal interest I
know that that seems so uncivil to point
out and that's why the rest of the
mainstream media like or
don't talk about the real motivations
those are the real motivations okay by
the way she's not alone her fellow
co-sponsors Senator Joe Donnelly also a
Democrat and Senator John tester also a
Democrat come in second and third
respectively on that list of commercial
banking industries campaign donations hi
it turns out the three Democrats they
give the most amount of money to turn
around and voted exactly the way that
they wanted what a wild coincidence
again we have an auction we don't have a
democracy you got to get all the money
out of politics
look wolf dash pack.com okay well PACs
we're gonna get an amendment to end this
and sometimes Republican legislators of
the states will ask we'll pack
volunteers or leaders hey do you guys
also want to get the Democratic money
out of politics of course of course we
do why would we want corrupt Democrats
and corrupt or corrupt Republicans it
doesn't make any sense we just want to
end the corruption it's so obvious
but I'm sure you saw this all over CNN
right no never never they never talked
about this okay
back to our report here more on on the
context of how this will affect this
legislation will affect Berkshire
Hathaway in particular now that's Warren
Buffett's company Warren Buffett
sometimes says positive things about
Democrats so Berkshire Hathaway must be
awesome right
and that's why Heitkamp is supporting
them not because of her own personal
interests I mean they're not gonna bein
benefit from deregulation are they and
it may be bend the rules or so well
let's find out
Clayton Homes in Vanderbilt mortgage the
nation's largest mobile home Empire and
its lending operation both subsidiaries
of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway
formerly pressured minority borrowers
and to unfavorable loans with hidden
fees and repossess the homes of those
who couldn't pay same old games and
that's exactly what Heitkamp and her
colleagues are gonna let them do again
so now just to give you further context
they are not alone the corruption is
rampant so several other coast
for this bill have large investments in
financial firms as of 2016 Senator John
Kennedy is a Republican of Louisiana
owned up to $50,000 Senator David Perdue
republican of Georgia owned up to
$100,000 in JP Morgan corporate security
stock Senator Mark Warner worth roughly
two hundred and thirty-eight million in
2015 has between five million and twenty
five million invested in JP Morgan's
strategic income opportunities one
mutual fund primary sponsor Senator Mike
Crapo as he calls it republican of idaho
the chairman of the Senate Banking
Committee and his spouse have up to
80,000 dollars invested in JP Morgan
mutual funds so they all get rich and
then when the economy crashes don't
worry you're gonna find that those same
centrist Democrats and Republicans are
all gonna vote for another bailout of
the banks that they partly owned this
corruption is gross and it's not
anywhere near democracy what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
