so Brent welder is the person money in
Kansas third District he's a very
progressive
he's also happens to be a TYT member he
was a volunteer for wolf time to get
money out of politics which actually
leads me to this story so brent was also
Bernie Sanders delegate in the 2016 race
and as a delegate for Bernie Sanders he
did what he's always done fought to get
money out of politics that's why he was
a Wolfpack volunteer so he introduced a
resolution into the Democratic platform
to fight for an amendment to get money
out of politics and was very specific
about it now let me show you a little
clip of him doing a speech about that
and then I'll give you the amendment
that he introduced and I'll let you know
what happened with it and then we'll
check in on his right so first let's
watch Brent from back in the day
fighting to get money out of politics
within the Democratic Party I know in
this room among both supporters of
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton makes
clear that corporations are not people
that money is not speech and that we
hear all of the millions of people that
are marching in this country that want
those of us the leaders of the
Democratic Party to say we hear you
millions of people in the streets means
more than millions of dollars put into
the pockets of Republicans by the Koch
brothers and the corporate
special-interest ten minutes left
thank you and I hope that this can be
supported unanimously so we can send a
strong message to the people of our
country that's a wonderful little piece
of TYT history there because the next
speaker up was know me he Const yeah I
was a TYT contributor yeah but not at
that time but not at that time okay and
Brent welder now a candidate which we
didn't know was gonna happen and now
leading in his race in the last poll he
was up by 7 points against the
Republican incumbent in Kansas third
District which is amazing so I want to
show you TYT Kansas calm and then I want
me to tell you the specifics of the
remember that he proposed which is
excellent so let's take a look at TYT
Kansas
calm this is how you could donate to
Brent he's getting money out of politics
so he doesn't take any corporate can't
pack money at all he doesn't take any of
that cash so you got to make sure that
you're supporting him we got to get the
$50,000 there so that he could hire a
grassroots field team to defeat the
lobbyists so now speaking of defeating
lobbyists here's the amendment that he
proposed into the Democratic platform it
had big talk of getting money out of
politics but he added pursued through
our state legislators via an article 5
amendment or proposing convention and
through our US Congress so wants to make
sure that that that amendment proposing
convention is possible
he said the amendment should contain
these core values corporations are not
people they have none of the
constitutional rights of human beings
corporations are not allowed to give
money to any politician directly or
indirectly no politician can raise over
a hundred dollars from any person or
entity and all elections must be
publicly financed and now you know what
are dollars yeah that is right but that
is by the way that's how if you end
private financing which is a system we
have now where people can just buy
politicians that's what private
financing is I write you a check and
then you do whatever I tell you to do
right and you go to public financing
that doesn't mean that nobody gives any
donations in fact I had a wonderful
interview with a woman up and running in
Maine a progressive running in Maine on
rebel headquarters and she explained
that you have to go raise five dollars
at a time okay but you have to convince
actual voters to give you five dollars
and that shows if you get enough of them
that you have enough popular support
then they give you public funds so
that's why you can give up to $100 but
nothing more according to Brent's
proposal that's a wonderful proposal and
it is strong yeah so of course it was
voted down okay the Democratic Party is
so frustrating but you know I love
Brent's attitude he's like oh you voted
down my proposal no problem
how about I run and then I become a
United States congressman and then we'll
have this conversation yeah
damn right I love that attitude so by
the way wolf dash pack.com okay
we'll have the link down below if you're
watching this on youtube in the
description box and Facebook comment
section but also TYT Kansas comm go
support the guy and make sure that
you've got enough small dollar donations
there to match his opponents yes he's
leading in the race but Kevin Yoder is
going to literally bring in millions of
dollars of corporate cash my favorite
fact about Yoda or the Republican who
has that seat now is he raised over half
a million dollars in just one quarter
but of that only four hundred and
eighty-nine dollars came from people who
gave under two hundred bucks that's it
that's oh yeah that is amazing isn't it
that's like that guy the there was the I
think it was in Italy I think John
Oliver talked about it there was a
far-right candidate who ran and got zero
votes which Tolliver pointed out means
that not only did his friends and family
not vote for him but he didn't even vote
for himself he couldn't get ten friends
to give $50 each like even for sort of
like a show of some kind of popular
support he didn't even try that's right
so you know why Kevin Yoder like a lot
of the other politicians are hooked on
the corporate money yeah so they're like
I got millions of dollars and I and I
did what they wanted he's the number one
recipient of payday lender money and
he's the one that decided to deregulate
payday lenders
what a wonderful news it is get a real
person from Kansas who's gonna represent
you guys that's Brent welder Brent
welder calm
