curious story comes out today let me
quote here from Nick Visser and Christie
Angelo at HuffPost the US Fish and
Wildlife Service has quietly begun
allowing more trophy hunting of African
elephants despite President Donald
Trump's pledge last year to uphold a ban
on importing parts of animals killed by
big-game hunters hmm yeah when I read
that headline I thought wait didn't
Trump say the opposite and wasn't he
fairly emphatic in fact he was let's go
to that tweet from earlier Trump said
big game trophy decision will be
announced next week and that was back in
November of 2017 but will be very hard
pressed to change my mind that this
horror show in any way helps
conservation of elephants or any other
animal wow those are strong words indeed
well he's definitely not gonna change
his mind right did he change his mind of
course because he has no line to change
so somebody came in was like should we
just ignore the idiot in the White House
and just do what we want to do anyway
Obama had banned this form of trophy
hunting Trump's administration want to
reopen it back up Trump finds out how
they butcher the animals and you know
for a rare moment of morality goes a
horror I don't want that and then they
could just wait him out he's a moron
he'll lose focus and we'll just do it
anyway and that's what they're doing
right now
speaking of horror sure can I just show
you what that horseshoe looks like who
that I believe is an elephant hunt by
Donald Trump jr. you cut that part off
and then with a knife and then you
thought that was a cool thing to take a
picture to show to your friends and no
congratulations I'm killing these
species to be fair I'm pretty sure that
those animals also had rifles right no
you just murdered them okay wow you must
be so brave anyway that's the horror
show that Donald Trump is talking about
and for the first time he is right about
his sons now here is senior attorney
with the Center for Biological Diversity
Tonya
Center a good person try to make sense
of this she says what the agency just
did with this memo is completely
contrary to everything Trump has been
saying that's right tiger yeah it is
because Donald Trump can't be trusted
for a second he doesn't mean anything he
says he's a pathological liar how many
times do I have to go over this you got
to stop getting surprised nothing ever
stays with Donald Trump he will change
every opinion he has to whatever is
politically expedient the next second
all right last quote for you guys
the decision was first revealed publicly
by Safari Club International and this
goes to why in the world they're even
changing this position a trophy hunting
advocacy group with close ties to the
Interior Secretary Ryan's Enki that's
the beginning of the answer the group
along with the National Rifle
Association sued to block the 2014 ban
on elephant trophies from Zimbabwe
because I was wondering I'm like look
who's bothering to undo Donald Trump's
decision on this there isn't a lot of
money involved
okay Ryan Zinke is a guy who really
wants to make sure that this continues
it's probably cut got a couple of
millionaire buddies who donated to them
etc but it's not enough to move the
needle on this especially when Donald
Trump was so adamant so publicly ah they
an all right there you go now it turns
out the NRA wants it and if the NRA
wants something they'll get it
Trump administration keeps talking about
all we're gonna keep the NRA in check
you can't keep yourself in check so for
the millionth time in a row and other
Donald Trump promised broken if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks o every day
