now Donald Trump just put out a tweet a
little while ago of course earlier in
the morning saying that he's got
everything under control in the White
House later in the day turned out not
the case but first let's read the tweet
it's super fun
he says the new fake news narrative is
that there's chaos capitalized right if
I was trying to say there isn't chaos I
wouldn't a capitalized chaos but anyway
that there's chaos in the White House
wrong people always come and go and I
want strong dialogue before making a
final decision I still have some people
that I want to change always seeking
perfection there's no chaos only great
energy like that if a reality show host
puts out a statement like that you
wonder if they should pull them off air
I mean look I get it you want drama for
ratings but that's a little too mental
right but he's no longer reality shows
he's the President of the United States
could you imagine if Obama's second
tweet I mean they did go have doctors go
check in on him there's no chaos only
great energy is that what we're calling
it now energy okay well Jeb Bush has got
to be smiling today thinking for the
first time being low-energy turns out to
be a good thing okay so he puts out that
tweet and it's fun and games I was gonna
tell you about the tweet anyway because
it's funny then it turns out chaos
ensues really ladies and gentlemen
we got him so now look it's not Donald
Trump don't get too excited but Gary
Cohen
top economic adviser to the president
one of the most important people in the
White House he was the president and CEO
of Goldman Sachs Donald Trump during the
campaign ran against the global elites
and the and the globalist as he would
call them he even showed the CEO of
goldman sachs lloyd blank finding those
as blank fine and Cohn worked together
for a long amount of time so he goes in
into the Trump White House anyway and
and now he is out so why that's a super
important question in the official
reports they say well he agreed with
disagreed with the steel and aluminum
tariffs and he lost that fight
it ain't about no aluminum tariffs okay
two reasons why Gary Cohen is leaving
one is mission accomplished what do I
mean mission accomplished I mean this
White House is an absolute disaster in
an absolute disarray so why is it
mission accomplished all Gary Cohen
wanted was the giant tax cuts the tax
cuts for the banks like Goldman Sachs
tax cuts for the rich like Gary cone and
everyone he knows
and for all the corporations we're done
here man I told you guys I said the
minute that they get those tax cuts the
establishments done with Donald Trump
that's the main thing he's in again and
the rest is just playing out the string
and Cohn is in the heart of the
establishment so that's reason number
one he already got what he wanted about
aluminum tariffs aluminum dares we're
talking about bad now look Gary Cote is
not in favor of that anything's it's bad
for the economy overall he's not in
favor of trade wars I understand that
but that is a minor issue in the
landscape of the madness of the Donald
Trump White House so the second major
issue is anyone with two bits of sense
is got to get the hell out of there it's
about to implode look the rest of the
media for all that they attack Donald
Trump they're still not getting
the standard politicians they're not
getting in certainly the rest of the
country doesn't understand how close we
are
I keep telling you guys we're not that
far away from the end he's gonna be gone
soon you think Gary Cohn wants to get
stuck holding the bag when they come for
Donald Trump he wants plausible
deniability he wants to say yeah I'm
gone man
me the Russian investigation oh no no no
no no they got Trump after I like I
don't have anything new with that man
I'd have anything you were that all
these people aren't leaving because
things are going well no they're about
to get up again I know I know a lot of
me was there oh you don't know that you
know that such a speculation man okay
let's see what happens but this is
devolving very very quickly all these
people like Rick Gates have turned
evidence on not just Manafort but Donald
Trump they're closing in look at the
panic of sam nunn Berg on television
yesterday and Gary Cohn might be a lot
of things but he ain't dumb so he's
thinking I got our tax cuts and I don't
need any of this hot mess
so I'm gone and that is the sensible
move and soon there'll be one more
person leaving with a white house hear
me now quote me later if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
show every day
