good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather if you want to know where the
power lies in this government consider
the senators agenda for this week
following a death of 17 people in the
apartment Florida school shooting last
month almost two-thirds of the American
people favor an outright ban on
automatic and semi-automatic rifles it
has bipartisan support in the Senate
which returned to work or as supposed to
work as they ever do today but the
Senate's first order of business was not
guns it was making life easier for banks
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
announced on Thursday that despite
bipartisan pressure to vote on a variety
of gun bills banks would come first with
work to begin on Tuesday less than 10
years after Congress bailed out banks
and imposed modest restrictions on them
with the dodd-frank legislation the
Senate this week is working on a bill
making it easier for banks to take the
kind of risk that blew up the economy
last time the builders backed by
Republicans but also by 12 Democrats now
you will hear that the bill is not
dangerous because it's only for small
banks but you should know that actual
Main Street banks are already exempt
from God Frank you will hear that the
bill does not roll back regulations and
the big Wall Street banks but you should
know that it rolls back regulations on
for banks with as much as a quarter
trillion dollars in assets and some of
them were big enough a decade ago to
need taxpayer bailouts according to an
exhaustive report on the bill by the
intercepts it also frees smaller banks
from having to report exactly the kind
of data that reveal discriminatory
lending patterns which means even data
from the big banks won't be useful
anymore President Trump has already
neutered the agency create
by dodd-frank - police racist lending
practices now if this bill passes we
won't even have the data anymore to know
that it's happening and as for helping
small banks keep in mind that by raising
the limits on how big a bank can be
without bumping into federal oversight
this bill creates an incentive for banks
to get bigger and they do that by eating
smaller banks this bill may have started
as a well-intentioned effort to help out
smaller banks but while it's true that
some smaller banks are struggling and
some have failed the majority of them
are making money no the only reason this
bill got this far is because it helps
out the biggest banks it helps them
shift risk to you and reward them it
encourages exactly the kind of Gamble's
that toppled the world economy a decade
ago but this is a bipartisan bill and no
one with money is lined up on the other
side you may want to note and exclusive
tonight The Young Turks is reporting
that several Democratic co-sponsors of
the bill not only received donations
from some of the big banks lobbying on
this some of them even own stock the
number one recipient of banking
donations Democratic senator heidi
heitkamp of north dakota owned stock in
JP Morgan and Berkshire Hathaway valued
between $350,000 and as much as almost
900,000 with all the money aligned
behind it
the only thing left to stop a bill is
exactly what's changing the battle over
guns young Americans standing up
speaking out settling for nothing short
of what is right it was young people the
blood they shed in Parkman and the
battles they have waged since then that
led President Trump last week to say for
real what Republicans always imagined
that Democrats think that he the
president was coming for their guns
mr. Trump has since muddled that message
muddled it up that's of course what he
does but more than his remarks the
reaction clarified something horribly
wrong with our politics not just in the
last year but over the last two-plus
decades the hostage-taking mindset of
parlous and highly partisan politics
specifically the notion that only
Republicans enjoy the public trust to
commit actions that are only seen but
described as treason under Democrats
raising the debt ceiling cutting
military spending negotiating with
enemy's criminal justice reform
reforming immigration increasing the
deficit gun control Republicans can be
flexible as long as they are in power
otherwise look out for eight years
gun sales skyrocketed as Republican
politicians and commentators assured the
nation that Democrats were coming for
their guns and that was when Democrats
proposed the Thema stove gun control
measures the silence on the right in
response to president Trump's proposed
power grab explicitly tossing out due
process was loud enough to rattle even
Fox News at one point the president said
the government should quote take the
guns first go through due process second
now I mean how honest do you want to be
imagine if Barack Obama had said that
just ignore due process and start
confiscating guns Obama would have been
denounced as a dictator we would have
denounced him first trust me Congress
would be talking impeachment right now
someone be muttering about secession we
don't have to imagine whether the right
would have called President Obama a
dictator for saying what mr. Trump said
they called him a dictator for saying
less in 2015 Carlson himself accused
President Obama of coming for our guns
not for saying anything like president
Trump just did for trying to give law
enforcement at the EPA weaponry to
defend themselves it can't be a
coincidence that the
that the federal government and all
agencies not just the EPA but all of
them are arming up buying guns and
ammunition in bulk politicians are
telling the rest of us the citizens will
pay for the government we're not allowed
to be armed there's an effort to take
our guns even as government arms up fast
forward and today we have a president
who is openly arming domestic law
enforcement agencies and militarizing
police and he is talking about stripping
due process to take away guns but the
best the right can do is imagine what
they would have said about Obama instead
of actually saying it about Trump so the
real question isn't whether the right
would have called Obama a dictator then
they did the real question is why they
don't call Trump a dictator now I want
to talk about president Trump's tariff
threat trade war doll that and want to
talk about something happening under our
noses in West Virginia that actually
could help workers that's next
President Trump this week will give us
new details or possibly whiplashed on
his stunning announcement of tariffs on
foreign aluminum and steel which may be
the dumbest and most dangerous thing he
has done yes I know if there's much
competition for that title but by any
objective analysis this latest move may
be the worst that is not just my opinion
it is an analysis based on facts and
includes historical context and
perspective and it is the conclusion of
many if not most economists trade
experts historians and press
editorialists even mr. Trump's
cheerleaders on The Wall Street Journal
editorial board viewed the president's
decision as almost jaw-droppingly dumb
and dangerous
congressional Republicans went to work
Monday on how to stop it stock markets
have waned in the wake of the move
farmers and car makers are a gas
tensions with China have increased talk
of a possible all-out trade war has
given friends foes and those in between
a bad case of the jitters in the
background are memories of the 1920s
when extreme economic nationalism not
patriotism but nationalism led to
spreading terror protections and
eventual trade wars that in turn led to
the Great Depression of the 1930s the
overall general consensus now seems to
be some version of what in the world
could Trump be thinking one answer put
forward by some is that mr. Trump is
once again seeking to shore up his base
seeking favor with blue-collar voters in
online manufacturing states such as
Pennsylvania and Michigan in both of
which he upset Hillary Clinton if that's
true it makes the decision even worse it
would mean he's seeking personal
political and election advantage but
what about the country never mind him
and whatever benefit he may think it
gives him his political movement and his
Chan
is for reelection what about the country
it's true that unions in steel and
aluminum states are reporting the move
but they stand virtually alone the rest
of the economy the rest of America will
pay the price literally for more
expensive steel thousands of jobs and
other industries
Teeter on the precipice as the rest of
the world threatens to retaliate by
raising prices and American goods sold
in their countries it may feel good to
do something bold and aggressive in
defense of an industry resident with
nostalgia but defending the American
economy requires smarts and discipline
America has protected its workers far
better than this and we can do so again
if you want to know how America protects
this workers well you might want to look
to West Virginia as we told you last
week teachers across the state are on
strike after rising health costs reduced
their take-home pay it is one of
America's largest strikes in recent
years and it appears to be working the
State House of Delegates approved a five
percent raise the Republican governor is
on board with that only the state Senate
stands in the way and they approved a
four percent raise over the weekend this
remember in a state West Virginia that
ranks 48th for teacher pay Republicans
have said the state cannot afford it but
they also oppose taxing the big energy
interests taking resources from the West
Virginia ground to pay for it as some of
the strike leaders have pointed out
working-class West Virginians have a
heritage of organizing together to take
on big energy modern political coverage
often overlooks it but as West Virginia
Democratic State Senator Richard of
Jetta has pointed out organized labor
has a powerful history and legacy in
states we consider pure red
some of us are proud when it comes time
to standing up for one another we're
proud to carry the moniker of redneck
because that's what happened when coal
miners were tired of being abused
mistreated and they stood together and
they fought to unionize and they put
those bandanas around their neck and let
me tell you something they were called
rednecks but in the end once again they
may have lost that battle but they won
that war and they unionized it's a
painful irony that President Trump
bellows across the oceans about
tough-guy tariffs while neglecting the
levers he can use to truly help working
people his own nominee to the Supreme
Court near horses heard a case just last
week that could approach something like
a death knell for public unions he of
course votes against them the importance
of bargaining power should be crystal
clear to anyone who fancies himself a
deal maker they certainly understand it
in Oklahoma where teachers make even
less than they do in West Virginia more
than 30,000 people have joined a
Facebook page calling for a statewide
walkout in Oklahoma which they're now
looking at for April the labor news
website paid a report yesterday said
teachers in Kentucky and Pennsylvania
are considering solidarity strikes so
even a president Trump and justice
courses do go against the unions
if West Virginia and Oklahoma are any
indication the drive to fight back the
drive to fight forward together is
growing too fast to stop and may do more
for working Americans and President
Trump can dream off what's next with
were toriko possibly water rising I'll
tell you why after this
much of the Northeast us is recovering
today from a deadly storm that knocked
down trees and knocked out power for
more than a million people now imagine
if much of the Northeast were still
recovering from that storm next
September and now imagine that some
services were not recovering they were
getting worse welcome to Puerto Rico
after almost six months following
Hurricane Maria the power is not
expected to be restored for everyone
until at least May those parts of the
island that do have power continue to
suffer from outages and blackouts and
water supplies are not getting better in
some regions they're getting worse
thanks to a combination of Maria's
destruction and recent drought they're
actually on the verge of announcing
water rationing water rationing in 21st
century America and national media have
virtually nothing to say about it with
the exception of an overlooked report
online from David begged knew of CBS
News so give the young man credit this
five municipalities were told on the
western side of the island the guaca
caca Lake has dropped to a level that is
not sufficient for water production so
within the last 24 to 48 hours officials
have been talking about rationing water
they've not pulled the trigger so to
speak
we're told that could happen Monday or
Tuesday of next week but if they do
water rationing could begin as early as
next Friday water in the United States
is little receding from us but all we
hear from national news is hope Hicks
and folks it's not just a drought and
it's not just Puerto Rico you may not
have heard it on your TV news but on
Tuesday President Trump signed an
executive order to roll back the waters
of the United States rule reducing the
power of environmental regulators to
protect against corporate pollution in
our water we're talking about two-thirds
of America's waterways
and the water supply for more than 100
million people extreme weather caused by
climate change drought storms floods
they all threatened already access to
safe drinking water we need now more
than ever to ramp up our vigilance when
it comes to protecting this most basic
right that means standing up to our own
government and telling this
administration and all others that we
will not let Wall Street sell our own
water back to us and will not let it
poison the rest I want to share my
defense of the young people leading the
way on guns right after this
other stories we're keeping an eye on
and think you should warm air is causing
temperatures in the Arctic to rise 45
degrees above normal within less than a
week the North Pole is expected to go
above freezing well over a third of the
ice covering the Bering Sea off Alaska's
west coast may disappear in slightly
over a week Arctic ice in general has
shrunk to its lowest level on record and
spring is still two weeks away new
guidelines from the Trump administration
favor of family planning methods other
than contraception for new federal
grants this shift toward abstinence
could make it harder for groups such as
Planned Parenthood to obtain funding in
the future it could also lead to
unwanted pregnancies even among those
not attempting absence so-called natural
family planning such as The Rhythm
Method can lead to pregnancies in about
a quarter of women who rely on them
according to the federal government his
way the Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu was in Washington on Monday to
meet with President Trump Priority One
for Netanyahu was trying to push the
u.s. to take a much harder stand against
Iran's regional ambitions Netanyahu went
into his meeting with Trump having just
been named as a suspect in a third
criminal investigation with his former
chief of staff agreeing to testify
against him and an update on the massive
hedge fund black walk which we told you
about after the Parkland shooting as we
reported Blackrock has been investing in
gun makers including the company that
owns Smith & Wesson which made the rifle
used in Parkland on Friday
Blackrock said it will now give clients
the option to invest in funds that do
not include gun makers and said it will
push gun makers for answers about
preventing illegal use of their weapons
and finally tonight let me talk to you
about cynicism cynicism is a destructive
force
it's one that seems to increase with age
and that's why the young have often been
throughout history the harbingers of
change they are able to cast society
repressive change of the status quo to
see injustice from a new vantage point
they demand answers to questions that
their elders forgot needed to be asked
it is long been a trope for those later
in life to bemoan the qualities of young
I've heard in the 1960s during an era of
unrest the young protesters for civil
rights and against Vietnam were
dismissed as naive idealistic and
unrealistic today we hear how they young
are selfish unable to think beyond their
own needs and addicted to their status
on social media never mind that it was
many of their elders who use social
media as unwitting tools of Russian
influence in the last election but you
know my travels I come across a lot of
young people and I sense an energy and
seriousness to deal with big problems
that will only grow as they grow older
climate change being a prominent
the young understand the injustice is on
race sexual identity and gender in an
age of hashtag me too they will not stay
quiet for what was once acceptable and
in an age of Trump they will fight for
the expansive view of democracy their
parents told them was the American
destiny I'm not surprised that it's the
young who leading the campaign for an
honest gun debate in the wake of the
Florida massacre wow they're so
well-spoken and poised has been the
incredulous response from some not me I
see it in here at all the time there's a
lurking belief among the young that the
American Dream will not be in their
reach that the cynical forces of power
have rigged the system against them but
they're doing what young people have
always done they're demanding that we
all recognize we can do better
they're not going to allow this to pass
without their voices being heard in the
streets through civic and community
engagement and most importantly at the
ballot box with that I leave you for
this news cycle the Young Turks is next
and we'll be back with the news at this
same place in time 5:30 Eastern every
Monday until then then rather reporting
stay second
