some new billboards going out being very
aggressive against the NRA and against
Republican politicians supporting them
now some of these are by different
groups but this one just went up and
it's a doozy there it is
in in Florida first one is up in
Pensacola saying the NRA is a terrorist
organization damn I'm not sure I've ever
seen a billboard that's strong
especially from the left the right wing
does you know massive attacks fairly
regularly but the left to counter that
way may almost sound like us I'm glad to
see that it's catching on in fact I
looked into who was behind those signs
because they're gonna put up two more so
they'll have three billboards if you
will second one's going up in Pittsburgh
third one's going up in a different part
of Pennsylvania so when I named our pack
to get money out of politics our meaning
just the folks that are involved in it
back in 2011 I called a Wolfpack and
people thought that's crazy man that
incredibly aggressive and you're
supposed to name packs things like
Americans for America and make sure
they're benign and boring and completely
uninteresting no I said in that initial
announcement we ran a Matt Wolfpack so
that they know they're not coming for us
we're coming for them so who is the
group behind that billboard calling the
NRA a terrorist organization a new pack
called Mad Dog pack
now that's pack after my own heart so
they're not alone there are others that
are also putting up billboards but
you're getting a sense here the left is
finally willing to be far more
aggressive it's about damn time
all right now speaking of which we go to
three both billboards that appeared
outside of Miami to hold Marco Rubio
accountable as you can see there it says
slaughtered in school and still no gun
control
how come Marco Rubio damn that's really
harsh and really true
so obviously a reference to three book
billboards outside of ebbing Missouri a
movie that's out right now but these are
things that the mainstream media and
mainstream Democrats would haven't still
largely find unacceptable I like to see
that these groups are saying I don't
give a damn what you think is or is not
acceptable the group for the three
billboards addressing Marco Rubio is a
vos so they're also joining the fight
but now the Democrats are like wait a
minute we better get into this thing so
they've got one up in Florida addressing
Rick Scott this is paid for by the
Florida Democratic Party and it says 612
days between pulse and parkland Rick
Scott did nothing and they're quoting
the Sun Sentinel there
it's obviously less harsh but at least
bothers to fight Rick Scott which in the
past they've done almost nothing to
fight so and it bothers to fight on the
issue of guns and over the last week we
revealed to you that the Triple C sent
memos out to Democratic candidates after
the Vegas Massacre the largest one in
modern history
saying just offer thoughts and prayers
do not focus on gun control and even
after the park will Florida shooting
there was another memo that the
d-triple-c memo sent out saying thoughts
and prayers
don't go political ah but good to see
that that is falling on deaf ears as
progressives finally get in the fight in
a significant way
I'm tired of the right-wing constantly
attacking us and and there being no
counter punch while it appears the
counter punch has arrived
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
