all right FBI investigation Andy
Cavanaugh is out it is not public but
the Senators have seen it and the White
House has seen it I want to talk to you
about whether it was a trick what the
intent of the FBI was I'll get to that
at the end I also want to tell you what
they didn't look into which is really
important obviously I'm in New York
today and not on the show and I wanted
to give you this news as soon as I can
but make sure you check out the show
where they'll have a lot of details
tonight 6:00 8:00 p.m. Eastern on T YT
comm slash live obviously if you won all
of our shows make sure you sign up for
membership at TYT dot-com /join get a
commercial free anytime you want all
right so let's get into it so it turns
out the FBI only reached out to ten
witnesses and only talked to nine of the
ten man we wish it was better than that
and and so who are the people they did
not talk to well it turns out there were
a lot of people dozens of people who
reached out to the FBI saying that they
either went to high school or to Yale
with Cavanaugh or Ford or Ramirez and
and that they had important stories to
tell and the FBI did not interview them
they also did not interview Cavanaugh
they also did not interview Blasi poured
herself so these are pretty damning
details no like we asked for an FBI
investigation we knew all along that
there was some chance that of course
whether we're gonna just you do with it
was to use it to whitewash Cavanaugh we
were hoping that the FBI would be honest
and and do it the right way whether they
did is an open question at this point
and so let me give you the details so
you can make up your own mind so in
terms of the three different things that
they did not look into that witnesses
are now talking to the press about
including the New Yorker
I think it's varying degrees I'm going
to say the first degree is not so bad
there's a bunch of witnesses who say you
look Cavanaugh drank a ton in high
school and college
but we we basically know that already
then they some witnesses saying he was a
bully so the whole time you know that
Ford was talking about how he they were
laughing at her while the attempted rape
was going on somebody said that struck a
chord with him but look you can't get
into people's bad habits
when they were 17 that alone is not
enough okay you know it's New York with
those sirens the background anyway it
wouldn't be New York without the sirens
all right so so look I hated bullies in
high school and I liked to fight so I if
they picked up someone I'd pick on them
and I you know I I try not to let people
get away with that the only reason I
tell you that is because I want you to
have the context I don't empathize with
Cavanaugh at all I couldn't stand guys
like him in high school
but you know and then there's reports of
you know him bragging about sexual
conquests and his buddies again this is
all really obnoxious stuff but doesn't
merit not getting on the Supreme Court
given that he that was 35 36 years ago
okay so that's level one so level two so
I'm not as concerned about that level
two is people say oh no I know he lied
but not about the sexual assault
necessarily so when they said Renata the
alumnist Club there's guys who said I
try to tell the FBI they talked about
having you know different sexual
conquests with her all the time
including Kavanagh they sung songs about
how they had you know hooked up with her
and so the idea that they said that they
knew this girl Renata and they all wrote
about it or in their yearbook because
they really respected her every witness
says that's preposterous not remotely
true and it's heartbreaking it really is
they had reporters reach out to Renata
again or her last name used to be
Schroeder now it's dolphin and she says
the same thing it's heartbreaking why do
they do that I thought they liked me as
a friend and it turns out they'd been
bragging all along about sexual
conquests that didn't even happen again
we're not
two guys lying about sexual conquests
that if that was the issue overall
that's not gonna block a Supreme Court
nomination okay but the fact that he's
lying under oath consistently again
roommates talking about roommates Hall
mates classmates saying no Devil's
Triangle obviously I heard him talking
about it Devil's Triangle all the time
it was a reference to sex the the
over-the-top lies about his drinking
habits which were disastrous and they
always bragged about etc so did he
perjure himself there's apparently an
enormous amount of witnesses say yes he
definitely committed perjury some of the
classmates say hey listen man in the
beginning I was in favor of him but the
way he kept saying that he was a choir
boy and denying all the things that he
did
now he's clearly lying right so is
perjury enough to block the Supreme
Court nomination well the Republicans
said the perjury is bad enough they
should impeach a president this is not
an impeachment this is a one guy out of
330 million people in the country he's
applying for one of the most important
positions in the country and perhaps
even in the world do we have to give in
to that one guy if we know for a fact
that he's perjured himself on a number
of occasions so whether you think that's
serious enough again decision for you to
make but most importantly for a couple
of senators to make we're gonna make
that decision then finally the last
level the most important one is were
there any corroborating witnesses that
the FBI did not talk to about any of the
sexual assaults and it appears there are
couple there's one minor one I don't
want to get too much into from the New
York piece but there's a major one Kent
Kenneth appaled he's a professor at the
Theological Seminary at Princeton he was
in the same Hall and dorm as his
Kavanagh he says yes I now he wasn't at
the party but he said I won I'm 100%
certain
that people came up to me afterwards and
talked about how Cavanaugh had taken out
his genitalia and put it in the face of
Ramirez he's like what the I I tried to
tell the FBI the FBI wouldn't talk to me
he's like look I didn't want to talk in
the beginning I didn't want to give my
name and and I wasn't and I didn't I
wasn't against Cavanaugh's domination
even he's like but I know that incident
happened we all talked about it and to
me the most troubling part is that the
FBI didn't bother talking to him for
God's sake when I were to all do a
speculation on in the media that's why
we were supposed to have the FBI
investigation so you can go talk to
witnesses like Apple and see and more
importantly talk to the guy he said did
see it that guy does not want to talk it
on the record in the media so you don't
want to take a secondhand account I get
it
but that was the supposed to be the
point of the investigation talk to Apple
get the name of the guy hit he's willing
to give the name of the guy the
reporters know it who was at the party
now that guy doesn't want to talk to
reporters but he'd have to talk to the
FBI but they didn't do that
investigation so now the question of
intent look are the guys are the FBI bad
guys and who wanted to screw over Blasi
for the sexual assault survivors no I
don't know that was a politically driven
I don't know that but that what I told
you in the middle of this is the key
part is how many how much resources did
the White House allow them to have that
the Republicans allow them to have was
it a real investigation or not a real
investigation and that part is political
so I said look it depends are they gonna
have two agents on it 20 or 200 and it
turns out they didn't have very many
agents and there they were told not to
talk to too many people it's obvious I
mean they just tried to talk to ten
that's it and when they're these dozens
of witnesses who want to talk about this
situation they didn't even talk to two
main people involved
unfortunately it appears that it putting
inside the intent of the FBI officials
who did it
the intent of the politicians who
limited the scope of the investigation
was wrap it up wrap it up wrap it up so
what we got was a half-baked
investigation they did talk to Debbie
Ramirez though the one from Yale and she
said half the questions were about you
know whether the Democrats put her up to
it now it's not unfair to ask those
questions you should ask both sides but
then you gotta follow up she says she
gave them names of potential witnesses
and they didn't go talk to them now
that's that sounds like a sham
investigation meant to whitewash this so
the Republicans can say see we gave you
an FBI investigation and it
quote/unquote cleared him it did not
clear him that is not what happened here
and now McConnell says even before he
came out last night he said all we're
voting on Friday it's over so now
there's a couple of senators that will
decide which way this goes but right now
it looks like the Republicans are going
to look to put them in as early as
tomorrow so with all this hanging over
his head with all this uncertainty at a
minimum and the more I see the less
uncertain I am that he did it but
they're gonna put him on the Supreme
Court it looks like man
he'll be on there for decades and
decades and that's the state of affairs
right now in America all right that's
your update
