so Roy Moore he's back in the news it's
for I would say unfortunate reasons but
I you know I'm kind of partial to this
story I like that he's in this kind of
situation as how post explains former
Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore
has asked supporters for financial
assistance to defend against a
defamation lawsuit brought by an Alabama
woman who accused them of sexually
abusing her when she was 14 years old
well look she didn't get justice back
then and you know what he did to her
based on the allegations could put you
away for a long long time if it was a
criminal case now there has been no
criminal case so she's going after him
civilly and now he is crying so and
asking you guys to chip in I would wish
him good luck for that campaign but I
wish him nothing but the worst of luck
within a donation site for Moore has
raised thirty-two thousand two hundred
dollars out of a 250 thousand dollar
grow as of Saturday he has been asking
for money since at least January when he
sent email to supporters requesting
contributions so we went to his Facebook
post and I just wanted to quote for you
a couple things that he wrote there he
figured out who was the enemy not the
girls that he abused when they were
underage no no that's not the issue not
the people he's facing in court no no it
turns out it was gays lesbians of course
and transgenders they have joined forces
according to Roy Moore with those who
believe in abortion sodomy and
destruction of all that we hold dear
unless we stand together we will lose
our country so unless Roy Moore has
enough money to pay for his legal fees
for women he might have abused when they
were 14 year old kids the country will
be gone we'll lose it we'll lose it
entirely and it is of course because of
the sodomites but to some people in this
country that sentence makes sense okay
he says my resource had been depleted
and I have struggled to make ends meet
but I have not lost my faith in our God
who is our true source of strength and
will never leave or forsake us
well Roy problem solved there you go you
know what I got for you
thoughts and prayers okay and I'm sure
that your followers have lots of
thoughts and prayers shouldn't do that
shouldn't that do the trick I mean you
told us all this time God will provide
and you said right there that he's the
true source of strength and will never
leave you wonderful problem solved
look I'm not the one saying that God's
got magic potions and spells they could
help folks you are so why don't you
conjure one up a little bit later final
quote for you guys he says however get
you know given all his troubles I will
trust God that he will allow you to
prevail against the unholy forces of
evil behind their impact and by the way
let's just review molesting a
fourteen-year-old girl not the forces of
evil that same 40 year old as a grown
woman looking for justice that
apparently is the forces of evil and
somehow connected to transgender people
okay anyway Roy you don't have to thank
me you don't have to you know send any
money to the Young Turks or become a
member at TYT Network com /join Roy just
I got it for you pray to the guy above
and voila it'll magically be solved I'm
just reminding you of the solutions you
insist are true in the world good luck
with that
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get it completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
