or a new memo from the d-triple-c
explains how the party did an analysis
and a survey around health care policy
about a year ago and presented it
privately to House Democrats here the
memo is just surfacing now was obtained
by the interception Jelani the first
thing you need to know about this survey
is is the way that they ask the question
and it's a it's it's kind of an odd
framing when you're talking about a
policy question this is what they asked
people what's one improvement that you
would like to your health care and
twelve percent of people said make it
single-payer universal health care etc
but think about that answer it's a total
non sequitur what I would conclude from
that is that about 12% of the population
once single-payer health care so badly
that no matter what question you ask
them they're going and how you phrase
the question they're gonna say
single-payer I want I want single-payer
and that that feels about right to me
that one in ten people are deeply
passionate about that while a majority
may support it it's there's that rabid
kind of 12% but yes what I'd like you do
for my health care is make it
single-payer which of course doesn't
make sense you'd have to do that for
everybody's in order for it to be a
single-payer so what do you think most
people said when they were asked how
would you like your health insurance to
be improved the common-sense thing
people said was I want it to be cheaper
you want to pay less money for your
health insurance that that's obvious
they lump that in with other obvious
answers which were I wish drug prices
were lower
I wish premiums were lower I wish
deductibles and co-pays were lower so
this is the survey that came in the two
firms kind of analyzed this and then
presented it in a private meeting over
at the DNC for house to house Democrats
last April and they said okay here are
our findings and if you look right here
you will see that 44% of people want
lower premiums they want lower
deductibles they want lower drug cost
and only 12% one single payer and then
they presented two pages of criticisms
that have appeared from the Heritage
Foundation Wall Street Journal and
elsewhere about single-payer
and didn't include any talking points
rebutting it it wasn't one of these if
they say X about single-payer here's how
you can respond to it if they say well
taxes will go up say well your your the
money that you take home will actually
go up because you won't have to pay for
health insurance anyway it didn't it
didn't include that it was just here
negative things that people say about
single-payer only 12% of people want it
44% of people want their health care
costs lower okay so now what should you
say when you're out on the trail talking
about health care talk about more tax
breaks for people so that they can go
out and buy cheaper health insurance and
in fact if they had done that in
Obamacare it would have been better
policy the biggest complaint that people
have about the ACA is that their costs
are too high their costs are too high
because of a deliberate political and
policy decision that Democrats made in
2009 to keep the price tag at a fairly
arbitrary trillion dollars over over a
10-year period and they had all sorts of
mechanisms that they used to keep the
price of Obamacare under a trillion
dollars and one of them was to be stingy
on the subsidies and also you know
pressed down on the income scale where
you could be if you get a subsidy so if
you make over a certain amount you get
no subsidies which is all bad policy but
also bad politics because then everybody
who's up here who's struggling and is
paying a lot of money for health
insurance looks down below at them and
they see other people getting help and
that resentment gets turned into enter
easily into right into right wing rage
at the entire thing that's why programs
like Medicare and Social Security are
much more popular because yes that guy
over there is getting Social Security
Medicare I'm getting it too so you so
you're not hostile towards your neighbor
over that so the second thing they say
is also ironic they say tell your
audience Medicare should be able to
negotiate lower drug prices the irony
here and they say just like the VA does
the irony here of course is that in 2009
Democrats cut a deal with Big Pharma
that made it illegal for Medicare to
negotiate drug
in order to get farmers support for
Obamacare and also to get 150 million
dollars of farmers spending to help
elect Democrats in in 2010 now if you
think back to 2010 you know how much
good that 150 million dollars did the
Democrats got wiped out across the board
so those are the two recommendations
don't go any further than that just say
you know in general I prefer policy that
keeps healthcare prices down they don't
even you know only answer those if asked
only only provide those two platforms if
asked in general what you should just
say is that the Republican health care
plan is terrible
it takes away health insurance from 24
million hardworking Americans and I'm
gonna stop Republicans from doing
terrible things
so the 44 percent who would just like
their own health insurance to be cheaper
that's understandable yes put me in that
forty-four percent by then there's a
twelve percent who basically thinking
more collectively about the issue right
not just about even when they're asked
individually they think collectively
about it which is which is interesting
and so you easily could have written a
memo that said if you frame single-payer
as something that reduces your drug
costs reduces premiums reduces
deductibles which obviously it does all
of those things and then you start
adding together all the different
categories there was 5% that they said
wanted their their plan to be simpler
people are driven nuts by the complexity
of these plans and people intuitively
grasp that they are overly complex on
purpose to screw you
so if you add together the the 5% of
people that want it simpler the 44% of
people that want it cheaper 12% that one
single-payer you know you're over 60% of
people now you might within that 44%
have some people who are ideologically
opposed to single-payer those people
absolutely exist once they once it's
passed and wants to get it you find that
they actually will come around and be
supportive of it the guy with the sign
says hands off my Medicare you know
government hands off my Medicare is the
best example
okay I know you said there's a vote
coming up and you gotta turn around and
go inside but before you go can you just
synthesize this let's say that the 44%
or significant portion of them would be
open to single payer if they knew it
would reduce their own family's health
care costs and you make that argument
you can make the argument very simply
you you know sync you know medicare you
know properly properly done reduces
people's health reduces people's
healthcare costs Medicaid does as well
people once they get on Medicaid and
Medicare that they tend to like that
insurance Medicaid has some some
problems with access to doctors who
refuse to take it and that's something
you'd have to deal with but yeah
absolutely if all you have to do is is
design it to make it cheaper it's not
it's not complicated you say okay here's
here's what it well here's what it would
cost or as in Bernie Sanders plan it
would cost nothing while depending on
your income your taxes may go up to pay
for this publicly funded program that
expense will be more than offset by the
money you are saving by the elimination
of private insurance costs people have
been talking a lot about well what about
the taxes that we'd have to pay in order
to pay for that and Sanders I think
actually gets this wrong he says well
yes we'd have to raise taxes but you'd
save so much money that you'd still you
know have more money in your pocket I
think that's wrong because if you
successfully implement a single-payer
plan you're going to squeeze a lot of
waste out of the health care system that
waste is one one person's waste is
another person its job pharmaceutical
representatives for instance if those
jobs got squeezed because drug prices
were going down you now have a shrinking
economy and you now have people that are
in need of work and in order to get the
economy going again you need to
stimulate it which means you need a tax
cut so in fact you know a
medicare-for-all plan properly done
wouldn't come with a tax increase it
would actually come with a tax cut that
that requires people to you know kind of
understand the way that the deficit
works and the way that money flows
between the private and the
public sector and we interviewed
stephanie kelton who you know is big in
the field of modern monetary theory and
people can go find that interview but
that that's that's the general idea that
you actually would need to stimulate the
economy because you're pulling some
waste out of it and then instead of
people produce it you know these
wasteful jobs you might be able to put
people back to work doing more generally
productive things that they might even
enjoy more
