hey everybody its David Sirota so
there's a fascinating story unfolding in
Georgia right now that deals with all
sorts of disparate issues from corporate
tax subsidies to the debate over gun
regulation to questions over how public
officials should be able to use their
power as public officials in dealing
with corporations so here's what's going
on in Georgia Delta is the state's
largest employer Atlanta is a huge hub
for Delta Delta has been seeking a tax
exemption from jet fuel taxes that that
exists for various other Airlines in
other states the state Republican
governor has been pushing a about a 40
million dollar tax break for Delta when
it comes to jet fuel Delta in recent
days has said that it is going to end
its discount deals that it has with the
National Rifle Association Delta made
that announcement after the Florida
shooting like a number of big companies
that have said that they're going to end
their special deals for and art the NRA
and NRA members well here's what
happened there's a number of Republicans
running for governor in Delta who are
big NRA supporters and the lieutenant
governor of Georgia is one of those
people running for governor and he went
took to Twitter to threaten to kill the
tax legislation unless Delta reinstates
its special discount deals for the NRA
now this brings up a whole host of
issues you can debate the question of
whether specific companies deserve
specific special tax breaks that's a big
debate that's been going on it's a
worthwhile debate a lot of these
subsidies are considered wasteful a lot
of these subsidies are preferenced
overspending on things like major public
priorities like health care and
infrastructure that is a worthwhile
debate but here you have the lieutenant
governor of a state using his public
office to demand that a private company
preserve its private effectively
relationship with a
political group or else if it doesn't
the lieutenant governor is using his
public office to say he will kill a
specific public policy for that private
company so in other words you have a
public official using his public office
to threaten consequences governmental
consequences against a private company
if it doesn't reinstate its special
discounts for a gun group in this case
the NRA
now it's worth noting that the
lieutenant governor has received
campaign contributions from the NRA in
the past so this is a pretty
extraordinary situation where you have a
public official using his public office
to threaten public policy consequences
against a company if it doesn't if it
doesn't preserve the kind of
relationship he wants it to preserve
with the National Rifle Association
that's a completely separate debate and
discussion from questions about
corporate welfare and corporate
subsidies and and it really is
relatively unprecedented I mean you have
had in the past public officials say
that special subsidies shouldn't go to
companies if they don't treat their
workers well or if they don't provide
health care or if they don't provide all
sorts of other basic common public goods
in exchange for public subsidies that's
very different than this the NRA is a
private political group it is a
political lobbying group it's a
political advocacy group you can agree
with it you can disagree with it but it
certainly is a political advocacy and
activist and lobbying group and you have
a public official using his governmental
position to demand that that specific
political advocacy group which has given
him money that he's using his public
position to demand that that political
group have a get special discounts from
from an airline and to try to make that
happen he is threatening a public policy
consequence that is I mean that's really
incredible it is really it is really if
not completely unprecedented then
certainly relatively unprecedented you
don't hear about that very much and it's
a disturbing
evolution we typically the subsidies
corporate tax breaks in the like are
portrayed as for the common good now you
can believe that you don't have to
believe that but this is this is a
public official using or trying to
threaten a public policy consequence for
a specific relatively narrow political
agenda a political agenda that serves a
group that has given him money a group
that has helped a bankroll Republican
candidates in Georgia how is it going to
play out it's hard to know it's it's
extremely hard to know and you may end
up seeing Democrats defending a special
tax break for Delta on the grounds that
they want to defend their campaign for
gun reform so there's all sorts of these
issues mixing together where you've had
Democrats and some Democrats in the past
raise questions about corporate
subsidies now this the the preservation
of a special tax break for for Delta may
end up being a a flashpoint in a debate
over gun reform it's hard to know what's
gonna happen here but I think at the
root of it all this question of whether
public officials should be threatening
to kill legislation in order to bring a
private corporation closer to their
political donors in this case closer to
a gun a gun rights group I mean that is
that is the core of this issue and that
is the core of the political issue at
play in Georgia it's not really about
subsidies it's really about whether a
public officials should be able to use
their position to threaten governmental
consequences against a private
corporation if it doesn't do what that
public official wants in terms of
helping his donor and his and the
Republican Party's core a group that
supports the Republican Party's core
activism it's really an important story
keep following it
