recently Vladimir Putin decided to show
off some of the new nuclear capabilities
that Russia has in fact while he was
doing so he demonstrated how this new
nuclear capability could target the
state of Florida and potentially destroy
it now interestingly enough there wasn't
much of a reaction or any reaction from
Donald Trump and that was fascinating
considering who he decided to attack
rather than focus on giving some
response to what Putin has been saying
now Putin unveiled a new hypersonic
intercontinental ballistic missile which
cannot be shot down by anti-missile
systems by the way he did this Thursday
during his annual address to Russia's
Federal Assembly in Moscow he was quoted
as saying other countries listen to
Russia only when it comes out with new
weapons you will listen to us now he
showed a video of nuclear missiles
raining down on what appeared to be
Florida's Tampa Bay area home of the
u.s. military's Central Command so like
no one's making this up this happened
okay there's no like DNC member or
d-triple-c member who's you know using a
hologram of Putin to make this up he did
this he said this and there was no
response from the White House it was
kind of amazing one of trumps
spokespeople said we're not going to
react to every word or idea that world
leaders express it was the state's
Department spokeswoman Heather newer and
also she said it was certainly
unfortunate to have watched the video
animation that depicted a nuclear attack
on the United States we don't regard
that as the behavior of a responsible
international player but Trump's
reaction has been pretty much no
reaction and it's strange because he
usually reacts to any type of
provocation now he did though get into a
Twitter fight with Alec Baldwin he said
the following Alec Baldwin who's dying
mediocre career was saved by his
terrible impersonation of me on SNL now
says playing me was agony Alec it was
agony for those who were forced to watch
bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a
far greater Talent so I'm glad that he's
doing commentary on the issues that
really matter yeah
as Putin was demonstrating how he could
destroy at our US Central Command I was
happy to hear that Darrell Hammond was
back in the news because that's really
the thing that we need to be discussing
where is Darrell Hammond
so look do I want the US President to
fly off the handle and be like we're
gonna attack him
no I don't yeahit's I don't but has
Trump done that in the past in other
situations yes I get them that there's a
lack of consistency but I have to say
I'd way prefer him fighting with with
Alec Baldwin on Twitter then nothing
provocative things as is his want when
he's talking to world leaders about to
Putin and this is one of the things that
I really find puzzling about the Russia
gate discussion which is what is the
endgame like what is it that people want
to have happen do people want Donald
Trump to strongly condemn Putin nuclear
power and in his in his usual kind of
disrespectful hyperbolic insane way so
that what happens so that Putin and
Trump escalate things do they want you
know course that's not that well I can
answer that question it's a it's got a
very clear answer so look first let's
note the difference because when North
Korea didn't demonstrate how they would
destroy the US but said something sure
is
Rocketman we're gonna destroy you would
pulverize you we're gonna kill everybody
in North Korea so that is how he
normally reacts so let me give you let
me give you some examples okay because
look for and let me be clear about one
thing I do not want him to react to
Russia the way he has reacted to North
Korea
the way he's reacted to North Korea is
dangerous reckless immature juvenile I
mean I can't think of enough words to
describe how incredibly damaging that
could have potentially been and I'm
lucky that things have calmed down since
then I'm happy things have calmed down
since Maliki but at the same time the
reason why I think it's important to
highlight this story is look when it
comes to the sanctions that Congress
passed in regard to Russia
he hasn't implemented them refuses to
implement them refuses
ever criticize Russia and then we have
this act of provocation from Putin no
statement from trump whatsoever again
it's not that I want a statement from
him so much as I want to know that he is
keeping the country safe from all bad
actors and I feel like he has this
really interesting bias in in Putin's
favor and I'm not quite sure why I don't
want to engage in war with Russia I just
want to make sure that the country is
safe so if they're creating nuclear
capabilities that are so advanced that
our anti-missile systems wouldn't work
against it are we doing anything to stop
that like are we doing anything to
respond to that and also are we doing
anything to prevent meddling by Russia
or any other foreign country in the
future so we can protect our elections
he's not doing anything like that he has
no interest in it so that's what my
issue is and by the way when it comes to
North Korea here's some examples of
Trump's tweets he said North Korean
leader Kim jong-un just stated that the
nuclear button is on his desk at all
times well someone from his depleted and
food starve regime please inform him
that I do have a nuclear button but it
is a much bigger and more powerful one
than his and my button works it's just
again a weird difference in in how he
reacts to North Korea versus Russia and
inconsistency yeah sure and I think look
I think anyone could acknowledge that
it's troubling that he chose to tweet
about Alec Baldwin over this and we know
that he watches Fox and Friends quite
religiously and we know that a lot of
his his tweets his Twitter rants come
from things that are discussed on that
show and Alec Baldwin was discussed on
Fox & Friends and then an hour later
Trump tweeted about him but Condoleezza
Rice was also on Fox and Friends later
that morning and discussed
she actually voluntarily discussed this
animation that Putin put out of this
nuke hitting Tampa and he chose not to
tweet about that so where there's a disc
and I'm not really looking forward to
Condoleezza Rice commenting on this
either but she's a Republican figure
who's very knowledgeable about this
topic and she is able to speak about it
why can't he
but I think she I think I mean she
should to me it's like there's been this
whole rehabilitation also of Bush and
the Bush administration and I think that
Condoleezza Rice as someone who insisted
on WMDs and you know said that there was
no evidence that 9/11 was going to
happen despite the presidential daily
briefing that said what was it uh Osama
bin Laden likely to attack the United
States I mean I think that that's a
scary sign of kind of historical or
short-term historical memory or how
Trump's existence and how his kind of
horrendous personality and policies have
made everyone else who I think should
still be persona non-grata honestly he's
kind of rehabilitated everyone by
contrast and all these people who the
left used to see as they should as as
villains right are now seen as honorable
people so people in the Republican Party
are able to talk about Putin
disparagingly why can't he when that is
an appropriate response so so let me get
to the answer the US from earlier so
Katie as usual I I agree with a lot of
what you were saying because we're both
deeply progressive so I don't want him
to be bellicose towards Russia I don't
think that is necessarily productive
even Alec Baldwin in his tweets counter
to trump talked about a you know I'd
rather vote I would want Mitt Romney
back or something like that no I don't
want Mitt Romney bag I don't want George
W Bush bag and so and and Bush actually
did a war that killed all those people
so I hear you on all that but so what is
it that people are looking for we're
looking for some sort of sign that
Donald Trump is not in the tank for
Russia right it's not because I want him
to go to war with Russia it's not
because I want him to to even create
more hostilities or do any of the stupid
tweets he does with North Korea he said
I want to have some degree of certainty
that he's not in the pocket of another
country right now people might think
that that's overblown I don't think it's
overblown at all I think that Donald
Trump there's excellent evidence already
externally that we can see with our own
eyes that I've talked about and that
have been reported on the Donald Trump
did money laundering for the Russians
for decades okay now if he did do that
like the election interference is
important because they went to the voter
registration they broke
in 22 states and and if they didn't get
to the actual votes as far as we know
and that's but if but if we don't do
anything about it
then they might get to the voter rolls
and it might be China I mean Michael
rush it might be China it might be
someone else so we have to act and and
Mike Rogers the National Security Agency
director said Trump has not ordered me
to do anything so now and and if he
actually whether it's a money laundering
or anything else if he is beholden to
Putin for some reason then he's not
going to take the precautions that a
president who represents us should take
that is deeply troubling so I'm not
worried that he didn't tweet about this
in particular I'm worried that he never
ever criticizes Putin from a guy who
will criticize Alec Baldwin and and
everyone on the Rosie O'Donnell everyone
on the planet but Putin to me and is
exceedingly clear that there is one in
one of the articles here they said Trump
rarely criticized spewed no he never
criticizes Putin and he hasn't done the
sanction he hasn't done anything with
and that doesn't mean that I think the
sanctions are wonderful right it's just
obvious that there is something going on
with Putin and Trump and hence I'm not
sure that Trump represents our interests
about Putin's but do you think that like
our national security state would really
let well they're not letting it all over
TV going Russia yeah I mean I guess so I
think that my concern and I hear what
you're saying my concern is that a lot
of the hashtag resistance is focusing on
Russia in a way that actually will just
make it easier for something some kind
of war to to happen and for the public
to be kind of massaged and ready for
that to go because there's so much and I
find a lot of yearning you guys aren't
doing this but there are a lot of like
rusev Oba clang guack and we saw this
with Jen Palmieri who was who tweeted
about getting into a cab with a driver
with a Russian name and if she goes
missing look for this car and I see a
lot of scary
yeah the make of the car I just look and
I feel like it's it's unfortunate
because people who are reasonable on
this issue gets stuck in no-man's land
as Jake and I often say because look
there are plenty of people who are not
interested in you know getting involved
in a war I certainly don't want to start
a new war but what I'm more concerned
about again as Genk said is having a
leader who has our best interests in
mind and making sure that we protect
ourselves I mean yes Russia is an issue
but from any foreign country that might
want to do something to impact our
democratic process and also I want to
make sure that we do have what's
necessary to protect us when it comes to
these weapons we can't have you know
Putin showing us like hey look at this
nuclear weapon I have it could wipe out
the state of texas or Florida and your
anti-missile defense can't stop it that
is a scary situation to live in
especially if you have a president who's
influenced by that leader yeah and so
lastly on this just to double down on
what Katie saying about the over
sensationalizing it unfortunately a lot
of cable news is NBC yeah if I if I
never watch cable news so that's why I
have a slightly different perspective
than other people for people who watch
cable news if you're vomiting Russia I
totally get it like Jesus for can you do
a segment that isn't about Russia right
so you're right about that and you're
right about you know forces driving more
militaristic responses which we don't
want but you that shouldn't cloud our
judgment at the same time so that we
can't see that clearly Donald Trump
doesn't want to do something about
Russia and it's for a reason he hasn't
stated publicly if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
