Orrin Hatch was recently speaking at the
American Enterprise Institute and during
his speech he decided to do a little
commentary in regard to those who have
been supportive of the Affordable Care
Act or Obamacare as it's also known as
and he decided to insult people let's
have some fun let's see already have to
say we also finally did away with the
individual mandate tax that was
established under that wonderful bill
called Obamacare now if you didn't catch
on I was being very sarcastic that was
the stupidest dumb ass bill that I've
ever seen now some of you may have loved
it if you do you are one of the
stupidest dumb ass people I've ever met
never this was one and there are a lot
of them up there on Capitol Hill from
time to time so for those who have been
supportive of the Affordable Care Act
Orrin Hatch believes that you are a
stupid dumbass and so you know he's not
seeking re-election as we know he has
decided to you know kind of allow
someone else to run for his seat and
Mitt Romney is planning on doing so but
what I think is interesting is that he
has a little bit of a history of
speaking like this
and I'm gonna bring up that history in
just a second but quickly keep in mind
that 54% of Americans do view Obamacare
favorably compared to 42% who have an
unfavorable view this is based on a
recent survey that was done by the
Kaiser Family Foundation also among
those polled by Kaiser the majority are
unaware that the Affordable Care Act's
individual mandate was repealed so
that's a little unfortunate because the
repeal be an individual mandate will
lead to higher premiums and so hopefully
people will be able to connect the dots
Republicans are the ones who wanted to
do away with that mandate but he has
apologized because he did face a little
bit of backlash to those comments he
said yesterday I made a poorly worded
joke about Obama care supporters a joke
that was not reflective of my actual
feelings toward my friends on the other
side throughout my term of service
I've always recognized the importance of
civility particularly in engaging with
those of different political
perspectives but um if you look back
seven years ago literally seven years
ago today you will see that Orrin Hatch
made similar comments take a look
is the establishment Republican in the
country now he's trying to pretend to be
populist and hip so here's what he tends
to the crowd quote every state has
different demographics every state has a
different problems it's good to allow
them to work out their own problems
rather than a one-size-fits-all federal
government dumb ass program it really is
an awful piece of crap it's awesome look
first of all hatch hasn't cursed in like
30 years okay
I don't know we be cursin private
already doesn't but he's he's a very
stiff guy he's not the kind of guy that
goes around dropping f-bombs like Dick
Cheney or care or rahm emanuel so for
him to throw out those curses he didn't
slip up he's doing it on purpose he's
doing to be like oh look at how angry I
am I am so passionate like you Tea
Partiers
what a piece of crap that is I hate
Obama that's funny I think it was gonna
say the same thing this time I think
that was back when I was on MSNBC and I
was shooting it other knows when you're
in New York
yeah shooting it out of New York so I
it's true he's trying to relate to
people and and by the way he's not
this is bipartisan a lot of Democrats
are now cursing but like light cursing
to appear to be populist because they
realize oh populism is taking over the
country now I don't really want to do
anything too popular swan-like serve the
people so instead I will replace that
with crap and poopy pants and okay
and I and I'm not offended by what he
said I don't care so he thinks the
people that support Obama cares
dumbasses so I think he's a dumbass or
even I think civilities overrated you
know you could bomb the hell out of
countries and kill a lot of civilians
but if you call someone a dumbass in
Washington you know you're you're not in
the club anymore so if we're getting rid
of those two
great I do I would like some consistency
though because when Hillary Clinton
called Republican voters deplorable
Sarah oh good you so when he calls 54%
of the country dumbasses okay I guess
that should haunt him the rest of his
career I think when Hillary Clinton did
say that it was disgusting
I think today yeah I don't think so at
all I think they are deplorable I think
you can paint with such broad
brushstrokes about an entire group of
people without even talking to them or
knowing what way I have talked to them
I've talked about my life over and over
again so and so let me be clear exactly
as Hillary Clinton said not all religion
she said about half of trumps voters are
deplorable people leave that part out
that she said half another half you
could actually talk to and convince and
actually have real concerns about the
economy etc was actually one of the best
statements in my opinion she's made vote
I would say it wasn't a get out the vote
soundbite and no I even disagree with
that so we're already having fun lots of
disagreements on the panel the reason
why I think it could have worked if she
hadn't backpedal and panicked about it
is yeah I am the Democratic candidate I
am opposed to the Republican politicians
and to the voters who vote that way and
so let's get it on and and so if she had
that fighting attitude she might have
won and yeah I think you should have
directed it at the politicians not at
potential voters or the yeah I also
think I mean I think that if she had run
more like the what difference doesn't
make candidate remember how she spoke at
the Benghazi hearings and as most people
know I'm a major Bernie bro so I say
that with a you know take this with a
grain of salt but that I think is how
she should have run so I agree with you
that she had had more of a fighting
spirit
she would have related to the base more
I think she would have lost people who
already hate her and think she and find
her uncomfortable for gender reasons
they would have been gone anyway but I
think that kind of attitude would have
excited people so I agree with you on
that but I agree with you on the idea
that it's probably not a good thing to
kind of insult a bunch of people I think
it just feeds into Democrats being smug
elitist out of touch
and I just think it's interesting that
there's this double standard right and
so look I think in any other election I
would agree that it's not the right way
to go about it to you know say
disparaging things about the opponent's
supporters however in the Trump era and
especially during the campaign when you
consider the type of rhetoric that they
used when they were attacking her and
and when you consider the type of
rhetoric that Trump himself used in
attacking other women for some reason
they get a pass right oh but we want
politicians who are above that don't we
want politicians who set a higher bar
that's gone it's over and I think and
maybe maybe that's something that's sad
and something that we should really
consider you know reverting back to but
I think that her deplorable comment was
accurate and and what we're talking
about two things right we're talking
about strategy tactics on the one hand
and then we're talking about like moral
ethical questions on the other I think
that what I do think is really important
to underline you were saying this about
civility being overrated is that I don't
care if you speak in a nice sweet
diplomatic way while you're depriving
people of their health care right I
would rather you be gruff and crude and
in fighting for people's literal literal
lives right fighting to give people
health care then you be polite and also
literally depriving people of their of
their life of life right and I think
that stability can be weaponized often
in a way to cover up what you're doing
and it's actually I find that much more
disgusting than these saying a dumbass
thing well the irony of this comment is
that Orrin Hatch is actually calling
some conservatives and some Republicans
stupid dumbass people because tommy'll
aaron was on Obama care and there were
several governors of in red states who
were reticent to support certain repeal
actions because they felt like it had
the chance of negatively impacting their
constituents health so again for me I
just I'd never think it's wise to
generalize so broadly and I think it
just makes him look I mean it makes him
look not wise I would say and that's why
he had to walk these comments back I
actually think the comments that he made
weren't you know
in an attempt to reach out to write he's
running for real it's not running for
reelection I really think that he's
genuine in in thinking of these people
as so-called dumbasses I think that you
know he has nothing to lose I'm
surprised he even apologized right I
don't think he cares about appealing to
anyone right now
yeah so I it's fascinating how much we
disagree on this issue in a lot of
different ways so but I do agree with
Simone that he could have been offending
a lot of Republicans because he was
speaking at a right-wing think-tank and
it happened to me American Enterprise
Institute right but I had to reach Hank
I was like wait was he at Heritage
Foundation because if he was speaking at
the right-wing think-tank of Heritage
Foundation they're the ones who came up
with Romney care yeah it was a the
right-wing think-tank then Romney carrot
then Obama adopted it so it was
initially a Republicans calling
Republicans that came up with that plan
dumb asses but look one more thing to
Katie's point civility if everyone is
civil and no one is too harsh what it
does is it protects the status quo
exactly and so the people in power and
people with privilege want to protect
the status quo so that's why they value
civility so I'm not saying that you
shouldn't value civility at all I don't
want people to rip each other's faces
off and stuff but but when you over
value civility it is usually to say hey
everybody pipe down you're a little too
excited Oh somebody doesn't have health
care or we bomb civilians don't get so
worked up okay just keep going with what
we're doing right now
yeah it's decorum over actual policy but
our real in saying that bipartisanship
can't or shouldn't exist in our current
climate well it 100% depends okay
it depends on what they agreed to so
right now unfortunately over the last
several decades bipartisanship has meant
we both agree to what our corporate
donors want so if you look at what they
agreed to it is almost always so that
advantage of the rich and powerful look
at what they just agreed to I mean in
this sense to be feared a lot of
Democrats most of the Democrats voted
against it but tax cuts for the rich and
for corporations but in the past just
magically whenever the Democrats are
charger Republicans in charge the only
thing they could agreed to is tax cuts
for the rich under Bush there was tax
cuts for the rich under Obama they would
say appearance of rolling that back a
little bit but he actually only rolled
back 6% of that revenue ninety five
ninety four percent of that revenue
actually became permanent to tax cuts
for the rich became permanent under
Obama they sunset under Bush then you go
to Trump again they agree on tax cuts
for the rich it's not a coincidence now
on the other hand Simone if we had a
clean system one that was not drenched
in in money and and private financing of
Elections then I would love
bipartisanship because then they would
try to be serving their voters and to
your point Simone most of the voters not
all obviously we disagree on that but
but most of the voters do agree if you
look at all the issues usually they're
above sixty percent agreement protect
social security protect Medicare higher
wages and and you go down the list but
those are those are the things that the
the politicians today all vote against
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
