a baseball coach in Texas has made the
decision to refuse recruits from a
specific state Jeffcoat mike Jeffcoat is
his name and he believes that anyone
coming from Colorado is super suspect so
it's probably better to not bring them
on his team to begin with now he sent an
email to a team prospect someone who
wanted to join his college baseball team
and he responded with the following the
email was sent by this baseball coach
Mike Jeffcoat from his university
account and has since been posted on
Twitter the message to the aspiring
college athlete at Cherokee Trail high
school states that Texas Wesleyan a
private school in Fort Worth no longer
recruits players from the state of
Colorado because of drug problems okaygo
suffers I understand that this recruit
has never met the guy has never
undergone any type of drug test nothing
nothing like that the letter back Tim or
the email back Tim said the following
unfortunately we are not recruiting
players from the state of Colorado in
the past players have had trouble
passing our drug tests we have made a
decision to not take a chance on student
athletes from your state you can thank
your liberal politicians best of luck
wherever you decide to play hilariously
preposterous the and the kids coach in
high school at the clarify he's never
had any problem no disciplinary problem
never a single issue like the poor kid
now like it creates like this
presumption of guilt on him just because
he's from the state of Colorado sane and
you have no idea two kids a liberal or
conservative he's probably since he's
under 18 never voted no you don't know
what his parents think I mean what if
he's like the evangelical Christian
Colorado is Colorado screaming the most
magical evangelical places in the whole
country
maybe straightedge yeah so and he's
probably I mean he's probably a great
athlete because Colorado you do all
these things outside it's a beautiful
state yeah I mean it's just textbook
discrimination that's really what it is
and the funny thing is this this coach
is actually being investigate
for something else some sort of
violation of this National Collegiate
Athletic Association
you know violation of bear rules now
they didn't specify what that violation
is but clearly I mean it's not someone
that you really want to have on your
staff I mean it does he doesn't sound
like the type of person who would sit
down and you know really think about his
actions before he takes action
I mean what kind of judgement is this
it's great and it seems like he's just
this bitter conservative guy who's just
trying to insult anyone who has anything
to do with liberals again we don't know
anything about this kid's political
leanings we don't know anything about
his drug use besides which I'm curious
to give Jeffcoat a drug test and see you
know whether or not he's ever you know
taking advantage of a nice spliff after
work
give him a hair test yeah so that we get
a whole mm-hmm whole history its
regional profiling right it's not racial
profiling state based yeah and that's
the thing this story apparently went
viral although I didn't really see it
anywhere myself I saw it on Kron Calm
but that's it I mean I haven't seen this
widely reported I feel like if a liberal
did the exact same thing let's say a
liberal did this a liberal in California
coach in California did this against a
an athlete from West Virginia like no
they'd be fired it would be Fox News it
would be 24-hour coverage yeah yeah yeah
and I don't want people to misunderstand
what I was saying earlier I'm like you
have no idea of this kid it happens to
be liberal or conservative in you just
you know he might be the most
conservative kid in the world and you're
not letting him in because of the
liberal politicians of Colorado but so
what if any was liberal
airs can he hit the ball kid he hit the
ball and why are you bringing politics
into this when it makes no sense at all
and by the way I would want the coach
fired if he was in California he's like
all right sis you're from the state of
Alabama I'm not accepting you well
there's just two more layers to that one
it's discrimination and is strong but
two you're not very bright
yeah if that is how you're picking your
baseball players based on which
eight they're from and whatever
politicians are in that state okay so
I'm progressive so should I not take any
baseball players from Texas that would
be pretty foolish right instead of
giving them like a drug test you should
give them a voting test right you should
ask them like who they voted for the
last election if they're in voting age
yeah and by the way ironically that's
and it doesn't make sense could my Jeff
Coates very conservative but was a very
good baseball player back in the day he
was in the he was in the majors and so
if I had done the same test as him but
like you're a server I'm not taking you
then I wouldn't have taken a really good
baseball player it was just terrible
like you said lack of judgment to say
this stuff out laughs to put it down and
rayon grinding get that I would think
that maybe but it shows a real lack of
judgment and also abuse of power so I
wouldn't want him being in this position
anyway
yeah and one last thing to Hannah's
point there is a double standard here
where if you if if progressives say who
would want anything or anyone from
Alabama or Mississippi oh that's the
hard way that's real America right
whereas conservatives are like oh tax
achoo suits and and O'Reilly once said
the terrorists should blow up to Corey
tower in San Francisco right and and and
so now apparently Colorado's not real
America right so they get to attack
progressive states all the time and and
it's not right either way what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash joint
