joining me now is Matt Blazek he is the
electoral field writer and moveon.org
that's a very important position because
that's the guy that helps win elections
so Matt welcome to the show thanks no
problem brother so you guys have a
couple of initiatives going on and for
folks who are not aware I although I
think that's rare move on is one the
largest progressive groups in the
country and have millions of followers
and so that's why your initiatives are
really important so whatever miss the
waves project what is that one Matt well
sure we're doing as part of our
resistant win election program this year
the way that we're kind of seeing the
politics of this moment is kind of
twofold we've got a obviously a serious
acute crisis where Republicans control
every branch of government in Washington
so ending Republican power and making
sure that Democrats win a majority in
the House of Representatives is our
first and top priority
that's the resistance part of the
program we're doing we also need to win
the future it's not just about saying no
and resisting we need to be electing
candidates and all of those are
governments that are really going to
fight for the the core progressive
values that are really the American
balance that you know that we want to
see happen the change we want to see in
Washington so through that we are giving
move on numbers and just activists all
across the country the opportunity to
organize themselves into what we're
calling ways to go out and volunteer and
get out and knock doors and make the
phone calls I do all the other work that
needs to get done to make sure that this
massive wave we want to see happen comes
fruition on November 6 that's our that's
our main focus for these next 34 days so
how many House candidates have you guys
endorsed so we actually just finished up
our endorsements late so we have over
100 candidates that move on has endorsed
to help and Republican control the house
and some really amazing ones that I know
you've had on the show hardly was just
on just King Randy Bryce Katey Porter
mark hop in a jar JT show lucid bath and
these are really amazing inspiring
candidates and if we elect this class
this is going to be the most progressive
and the most representative freshman
class in the history of Congress
most of them many many support
medicare-for-all almost all of them
support at least a public option they
all support protectors real protections
for immigrants for dreamers for ending
Citizens United for all the other poor
progressive values that we stand on and
60% of the house candidates you've
endorsed this year are women over 30%
are people of color as I said it's going
to be a change election that will be a
real sea change for right now a congress
that is overwhelmingly conservative
white rich and male we've got to get
these amazing candidates elected that's
that's we've got to do these next 34
days right I mean is we look at the
people who have won on are very likely
to go to Congress among the progressives
just the just Democrats that spring to
mind
Alexandria Koster Cortez Ayanna Presley
Ilhan Omar Rashida to leave all women of
color so now they very likely are going
in because they're in very very blue
districts but you guys are looking to
also help people that are in tight
districts and in districts that
previously couldn't have been won like
Harley Rudess district Amara compa√±eros
district which are now wide open because
Rohrabacher and Duncan Hunter junior are
such monsters and we've got the blue
wave coming etc so before we go to the
other initiatives so and I'm not sure
mad that you're the right person to ask
this because you're the electoral field
director and that's to get out the vote
etcetera but do you guys do a lot of
endorsements in the primaries or not
very much yeah absolutely we definitely
we endorsed many in all most candidates
that you talked about we endorsed
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes in the
primaries which he did to leave and
they'll ha no more we worked really hard
to make sure they got elected and you
know move on endorsements are really
decided by a vote of MoveOn members and
you know we we don't you know look at
the polls we don't look at you know how
much money candidates raised
was in the district are really excited
about a candidate that's when we move
forward and make that endorsements yeah
we were very proud to support all those
candidates that you listed and be
excited to work with them when they get
get in power and hopefully we'll have a
majority to work with when they get
there yeah that's a super interesting
system where you guys have your members
vote I don't know if this public so I'm
just really randomly asking not randomly
but asking out of genuine curiosity how
many members is move on hat people
across every state in the country number
territory that interacted that get move
on emails and the take action on a
variety of different different issues
analyst and and that's why it could have
such a big impact and that's why these
all these initiatives are so important
all right let's talk about your mobile
team so what do you guys do with text
messages that could make a difference in
the race yeah absolutely I mean Mobile
is really you know taking off in terms
of just the way that people communicate
has changed move on we started and it's
still you know we very much an email you
know based organization if you're a move
on number you're likely getting move on
emails on a regular basis and hopefully
have been for a number of years but
we've definitely seen the last summer
elections much more of a pivot to vote
on mobile and we've really been
investing in that a lot ourselves so we
have right now a massive team of
volunteers and we send you know all
volunteer text messages through our our
texting tool so we have hundreds and
hundreds of volunteers and so far we
sent over 11 million texts in support of
our candidates this election cycle and
we're hoping if all our plans and we
have enough volunteers we plan on
sending over 30 million in these final
weeks is leading up to the election both
to get people to go out and vote to
share persuasive content share videos
with people that your voters have may be
persuaded into approving confirmed
volunteers and get people to you know
let people know where they can plug in
and make a difference on the races near
back and I know through my experience
with campaigns that tax matches is in a
lot of ways or win wins because they're
they're more effective than a lot of
other tools and they're really easy to
do so even if you're shy you can text
message
worried about going door-to-door with
people all right before we're on time I
also want to talk about real voter
voices what is that so robot voices is
our main ad we're doing this year and
what we've done is instead of kind of
the old model or traditional model where
you know you pay some consultant
millions of dollars to run this kind of
cookie cutter attack at and then spend
millions of dollars on you know TV ads
where no one watches TV anymore we've
come up with a radical new system our
research found that these personal
authentic testimonial videos are just
people talking directly to the camera
about why they're supporting a candidate
have a far greater impact than the
traditional political ads so we've been
collecting these videos we have over
2000 videos that have been submitted by
MoveOn members across the country just
their own personal testimony about why
they support a candidate and we'll be
working to make sure we get those videos
out to the very people that we found our
most persuaded by that so it's a new way
of doing political ads and that we think
is way more authentic and way more
impactful for election look super
interesting so where do the videos live
and and how do you get them into the
right voters
sure well submitting videos is almost
passed but if you get one in if you're
listening and want to submit one there
may still be time it's real voter voices
that move on that work and you can find
out more about the little program there
and we take these videos we have an
internal system we use to test them
against different audiences and we find
out you know which video which message
happens to be really persuasive with a
specific audience and then through
Facebook and YouTube and other digital
ads we can make sure that those are the
people that actually see that that
particular video and with thousands and
thousands of videos you were able to
test and find different kind of niche
audiences for people that are persuaded
by different things and by different
lists what kind of love that project
okay so just so I understand the right
somebody sends in a video saying hey why
this while of better O'Rourke you you
take the video you put it on Facebook is
on move on stage presumably okay and and
then you then target that to the state
of Texas to the voters most likely to be
affected by
and at least it's a real person as
opposed to some fake actor on in a BS TV
ad is that that concept and they're very
authentic very low-budget it's usually
kind of selfie style directly to camera
where you know that we found that the
more you kind of fancy make them fancy
and slick looking the less impact they
have the less authentic they feel actual
voters so that's been the real insight
we've had and we found a massive success
in this on the doug jones campaign on
Conor Wang special election and then we
decided all right this is something we
want to take out to scale and we're
doing it in you know hundreds of
districts in states all across the
country this trip Matt last question is
on that I was very curious about that
how do you know that you guys had
success with that program in those
particular races very smart team of data
analysts and move on and they can
basically run control experiments before
the election to basically measure the
turnout and measure the election results
in one district where people saw the ads
versus precincts where they did it and
from that we can have a really accurate
take of what the actual impact of an
avenue showed was now I love it okay
everybody get involved so here the
websites moveon.org slash waves and real
voter voices that moveon.org that
program feels like it's got TYT written
all over it yeah and get out there make
some videos guys it's actually the
calling for all those just new Borg it's
last resist and win it will have other
program that we're doing all not one
single page so moveon.org slash
resistant win you can have all those and
we're also doing big calls every Sunday
to show people different ways to plug in
we'll have special guests like Rashida
to lead this Sunday you know talking
activists across the country and letting
them know this is how you can make an
impact this week in the election all
right move on fighting the good fight
thank you Matt appreciate it adage and
two easy ways Folio interests want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
