Donald Trump announces new round of
steel and aluminum tariffs and we know
the economic impacts the stocks of a lot
of companies that are dependent on those
materials dropped those companies now
we're gonna have to charge higher prices
people are worried about that and so the
stocks go down which means that if
you're one of the people who've invested
in those companies you might have lost a
lot of money we're talking about a lot
of different companies a lot of
different shareholders it's really
complicated so to simplify it let's talk
about one person and one company an
individual that didn't end up losing a
lot of money and let's try to figure out
how that happened the company we're
gonna be talking about is meta TOEIC
which uses steel and aluminum things
like that and the individual is Carl
Icahn a name that you might have heard
before because he was a former special
advisor to Donald Trump who by the way
really fast ended up leaving the
administration because of concerns of
conflicts of interest which was a
prescient position which we're gonna now
return to this graphic he sold thirty
1.3 million dollars of shares in minato
ik company heavily dependent on steel
imports last week now according to a
regulatory filing that he he put out now
he was able to sell his shares for
between 32 to 34 dollars after the
announcement about the tariffs it had
dropped to twenty six point three seven
dollars per share the value of the
shares he sold has since dropped by
around six million dollars which means
that just due to dumb luck since he sold
the stocks last week he saved himself
six million dollars Carl Icahn former
adviser and close friend of the
President the man who unilaterally
decided to do these tariffs isn't
interesting it works out in government
these days so two more pieces of context
on Carl Icahn
so he gave a huge loan to Donald Trump
earlier in Trump's career and saved his
skin the other guy who did that was
Wilbur Ross is now the Commerce
Secretary who by the way also pushed for
these tariffs in fact was the leading
person inside of Donald Trump cabin and
pushing for these tariffs I don't know
what Wilbur Ross's economic gain in this
is or not we do know Carl Icahn is gain
but they are both close allies of the
President and and the president said
well look I trust Carl Icahn and the
same visa can't
is he talks to these friends and allies
all the time in fact he greatly
frustrates the White House staff and
especially chief of staff that Dale go
set positions and then at night Trump
will call his buddies ago what do you
think and in fact one of the hilarious
revelations about the Trump White House
was that when they kept searching for
who the leaker is and it turned out it
was Trump because he was calling all his
friends and blabbing about everything
that happened and the friends were
leaking to the press so is it possible
that Carl Icahn got a call from Donald
Trump before he made this decision and
perhaps not even in a nefarious way for
Trump like hey buddy but you're never
gonna believe what I'm gonna do I
wouldn't do it 25% everybody --steal
Carl's like oh thank you really good to
know I gotta go some can hear keyboard
congressional laws against this right I
mean at least in Congress you're not
allowed to say outside information about
policy that could affect stock prices
and stuff like that this is insider
trading but maybe doesn't fit the exact
definition of insider trading also I can
is another New York billionaire who
Trump is friends with and kind of has
these shady ties as well so he's just
still remaining within his own New York
bubble when he was on the apprentice and
just shuffling those people in and out
of the White House with his influence
yeah yeah yeah it's an insider trading
eye its footage of Sam is making a point
that's interesting because insider
trading is typically thought of as
coming from inside a company and then
you're sharing proprietary information
to those who are not inside the company
in this case you're sharing a public
policy or what will become public policy
with someone who has a vested interest
in that policy it does happen on Capitol
Hill you know there is no law forcing
divestiture in a lot of these different
holdings that senators and congressmen
have and they have committees that are
actually in charge of many of the
corporations and corporate interests
that they still maintain financial
interest I'm talking about so price got
in trouble for that exactly yeah and so
let me just be clear about something
date there's no law saying you got to
get rid of all of your stocks that might
that you might weigh in on but the temas
point a number of years ago they passed
the law saying yes but you can't
because they were doing it rampant of
course it's I know you're gonna be
shocked to find out the congressman
might be corrupt but they before their
votes in committee etc they would then
do trades either buy or sell something
because they knew it was gonna have an
effect on the economy so it got so bad
that finally there was a lot of public
pressure and they passed the law saying
you're not allowed to trade on
information that you know even though
you're not inside a company yours have a
government you're gonna affect the
markets now that applies to people in
Congress whether Donald Trump as
president is allowed to do that for a
friend is a different question I mean we
all know ethically that's a terrible
thing and you shouldn't do that and that
gives your friends who are billionaires
and probably also donors and gave you
money earlier in your career and
unbelievable advantage millions of
dollars in advantage over everyone else
but it would be interesting to see if
it's something that they could
investigate to see if Trump broke any
you know rules of the White House or
laws in terms of giving that information
to Carl Icahn whether he realized he was
giving it away or not
yeah it's that's why I say it's
interesting it may not pass the litmus
test for what is purely insider trading
as we think about it its toes the line
but it's certain it's certainly
unethical as you said who knows if
there's a statute in place I mean we've
never seen a president like this who
would brazenly do something like this so
I doubt there is a long place okay yeah
I mean look if I was gonna if I was the
president and marks my friend and he
runs an oil company and I'm gonna start
a war in the Middle East which is going
to create instability and drive oil
prices up and everybody in the world
knows that and I give marker call
beforehand going mark might or might not
start dropping bombs in Iraq if you know
what I mean and then he sells his shares
or increases his shares come on it's
obviously wrong then he has information
that other people don't have and that's
the whole point of insider trading as a
concept and so that's what Trump is
doing here by the way one last thing
again I might be being too kind to
Donald Trump and saying he doesn't know
he might not know that he's giving Carl
Icahn this information that would be
really valuable I say that partly
because it not being generous to him
he's not very bright so he might not
real
I said but Carl Icahn is bright and so
not only would he receive that
information and know exactly what to do
with it is apparently he did but he
might also plant that idea in Trump's
head oh yeah
so now in this case I doubt it because
Icahn was holding stocks of the
companies that would actually go down
right I think he's just reacting to the
information sure but if you want to
stuff that that he wanted to to put into
Trump's head I mean now those late-night
calls powered by quarter-pounder and
Jesus Oh Donald you're like trying to
push you around honey they're just a
cute little country you're not gonna let
him do that to you are you well and then
Trump by the way it's wrote on Twitter I
mean it's how hard is it to manipulate
this guy in big bald cap letters if you
don't have steel you don't have a
country so I got you could just call me
like Donald you want a country don't you
yeah and really fast I also I've I've
heard that there have been in the past
week or two there have been ads on some
Fox programs as are pushing for a policy
change on this to protect the steel
industry
oh there's go and doubly real fast a lot
of the more recent front prod projects
I'm talking about building projects have
used as as we probably detail on this on
T YT many times overwhelmingly imported
steel so I mean the here's buildings in
structures those Trump landmarks that's
imported steel you're looking at you
just watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
