the Pentagon has decided that they are
gonna scare the shit out of all
reasonable people in the United States
and Russia and escalate even further
with Russia
so the hill reports that the Pentagon is
making a show of force in the Black Sea
to counteract Russian influence so here
we go here we go see this is a gigantic
story nobody's talking about it and this
is why I'm so frustrated because you
know where the Black Sea is it's by
Russia it's by Russia it's by Russia so
what the fuck makes the US think well we
can go to Russia's doorstep and do a
show of force and have our fucking Navy
in the sea and that's totally fine
could you imagine Russia was in the Gulf
of Mexico right now or Russia was off
the coast of New York are there Navy can
you imagine what the reaction would be
the reaction would be wool or we go to
war get the guns ready everybody get the
guns ready let's fucking get the fighter
jets ready let's get you know our
defensive systems up and ready but maybe
do an evacuation of New York because
there's Russian fucking boats that are a
few miles off the fucking coast that's
what our reaction would be but when we
do it to them it's viewed as by
definition defensive even though it's by
their border by definition defensive and
totally normal standard operating
procedure you don't fucking get it you
don't fucking get it we're rolling the
dice with World War 3 that's not
hyperbolic that's not hyperbolic that's
not Kyle's fucking crazy conjecture when
you do a NATO buildup on Russia's border
you do fucking regular now we have boats
all over the place and fucking right by
Russia's border in the sea you arm
Ukrainian rebels you sanction them like
every other day what do you thinks gonna
happen you think
this all work out we just need to be
more aggressive and more inflammatory
and then there won't be a reaction in
kind of course there's gonna be so you
keep fucking slowly tumbling towards
Armageddon and the entire time we all
act like I don't
there's not even a story there's not
even a story here to most people this
isn't even a story go turn on CNN go
turn on MSNBC the only rush of coverage
you're gonna get is oh my god they're
faggot influence are elected that's all
you're gonna get because of Twitter
trolls but is anybody having a
substantive debate about the the how
intelligent it is to put our fucking
military and our Navy right in there in
the sea right by their border and and
now the fact that I come out here and I
say I'm against this you know that means
right people will spin it as your
pro-putin yeah I'm Pro Putin in the same
way I was Pro Saddam when I thought hey
not a good idea to go into Iraq seems
like it's a pretty fucking stupid idea
the argument that was used against the
people who said don't do that they said
oh why are you in favor of Saddam don't
you understand he's a dictator and he
does terrible things I guess you don't
think he does terrible things I guess
you don't think he's a dictator look at
he's crazy fucking leftist for these
crazy leftist they don't think Saddam's
a menace that's not what we said we said
he's a dictator he's a menace and we
shouldn't go in and topple him because
it's not our place it's not our business
and he didn't do anything against us
that those are different arguments but
the only way that the other side can win
that debate is to just say just smear us
like straw man you must be pro Putin no
I'm not fucking pro Putin I massively
colossal II against Putin he's an
authoritarian menace I'm against Kim
Jong hoon he's an authoritarian menace
they can't even turn the fucking lights
on at night in North Korea he's got
concentration camps for fuck's sake does
that mean we should fucking just launch
the missiles now and attack them no it
doesn't mean that cuz we have to be
intelligent number one and number two we
have to have a standard of when to use
violence my standard is self-defense
because that's the only standard I can
come up with that makes sense
so Russia is not about to attack us the
fuck are you talking about they're not
about to attack us why are you putting
our ships in
our waters and you're like this is it's
so selfish as well because it's like
playing willy-nilly with the lives of
millions of people regular people who
wake up in the US and go to work and
fucking come home and feed their kids
and in Russia same goddamn thing and
regular people were pawns in a fucking
grand scheme of a war and an esky an
escalation that's unfolding right in
front of our eyes
god damn it everybody needs to speak out
against this where we're right on
Russia's border and we keep escalating
now we have our ships in the sea right
by them and as terrible as Vladimir
Putin is and he is what do you think
this is viewed as is this viewed as oh
it's the lovely Americans coming to be
you know friends with us no it's viewed
as oh you're escalating you're looking
like you want to topple me what happens
when you put somebody in a corner like
that how do they react how does any
human being react when you put them in a
corner like that they lash out and then
if / when Russia lashes out
it'll be painted as they're obviously
the aggressors ignore the fact that
we've been building up NATO on their
border we arm the Ukrainian rebels we
sanction them non-stop and now we have
fucking our Navy right in the Black Sea
by them it'll still be viewed as we are
100% defensive by definition even when
we're not and they are 100% offensive by
definition even when they're not and
then again the fact that I'm pointing
out this fact people will go pro Putin
well go ahead have your smears and have
your straw man all day long and I hope
you have fun with that but at the end of
the day people see through it people see
through that and people on the Left know
what's going on here and they're
fighting back against it valiantly
