Florida Republican Senator Marco Rubio
is very upset that people in this
country specifically teenagers are mad
at him on Wednesday morning Marco Rubio
tweeted out the following the debate
after Parkland reminds us we the people
don't really like each other very much
we smear those who refuse to agree with
us we claim a Judea Christian heritage
but celebrate arrogance and boasting and
worst of all we have infected the next
generation with the same disease well
Marco Rubio I understand why you're
upset last week during that CNN Town
Hall teenagers people who just survived
a horrific mass shooting one of the 10
worst mass shootings in the history of
the United States we're asking you to
have questions about the blood money
that you're taking from the NRA and you
refuse to answer or in refuse to say
that you wouldn't accept that money
anymore they're calling you out for your
disgusting policies and that's not
something that you're used to so I
understand why you would think that that
means people are being mean to you or
people just don't like you but that's no
reason to get on Twitter you're a grown
man and whine like a little child
because you're not getting your way
anymore or because people don't agree
with you you're sitting there trying to
smear teenagers who are survivors
because they disagree with you because
they've lived through it and you haven't
they've seen the horrors and you haven't
they know the real word world
consequences and you don't and you're
pissed off at them because of it no
that's not how this works I am
exceptionally excited for when all of
these survivors begin to turn 18 and
start voting in United States elections
not because I think they're all going to
be Democrats I don't think they will but
I think they will hold politicians
accountable for their refusal to act on
the issue of gun control and marco rubio
is at the top of that list he is one of
the worst of the worst because he
represents these people in the sin
and he refuses to do anything and
instead of coming up with a plan or any
kind of action he decides to go on
Twitter and say that gee whiz Americans
just don't like each other very much do
they well no we don't like people that
value money over the lives of our
children I don't think anybody on this
planet would think that that's okay
except maybe Republicans thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on Ring of Fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our channel you can see the
little subscribe button down there but
if you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
