really interesting story that broke a
couple of days ago about Dianne
Feinstein now it's old so I don't want
you to get the wrong idea it's back from
1984 when Feinstein was the mayor of San
Francisco I'm not telling you this
because I think Dianne Feinstein it's
not a good story it's about her
defending the Confederate flag I'm not
saying that because I'm telling you that
she believes the same things today that
she believed in 1984 I'm not telling you
that she put up the Confederate flag
because she's deeply racist no and I
don't not saying that like haha I'm not
saying that wig no I'm really not saying
that but I think it is an important
story because it gives you a sense that
Dianne Feinstein her whole career has
does nothing by political but political
calculation everything is political
calculation so that was also a in play
in this case so let me quote lawn crime
Colin come back I write writing here and
then I'll explain the context they
explain that California senior Senator
Dianne Feinstein once fought and push
for the prosecution of black activists
who opposed her repeated efforts to fly
the Confederate flag at San Francisco
City Hall now that is bizarre why in the
world would you want to fly the
Confederate flag on City Hall in San
Francisco I mean you got no excuse about
history and heritage and culture and all
that stuff so and they explained back
then in 84 early in the year Feinstein
okay the flying of this stained banner
also known as the Confederate battle
flag at City Hall as part of a quote
historic display again absolutely
bizarre it's not Tennessee it's not
Mississippi I don't know why San
Francisco would want to honor this the
Confederate flag and with a historic
display okay on April 15 1984 a
communist organizer Richard Bradley
outfit in a Union Army uniform scale the
50 foot flagpole at the Civic Center in
San Francisco and remove the Confederate
battle flag the remnants of that flag
were then burned by a union member go
get him
as a small fire raged a crowd of black
activists socialists and Union
broke into a course of the anti-slavery
anthem John Brown's body okay
look things like that just happened
recently with the covering of the
Confederate monuments some of the
Confederate money miss being taken down
etc and but I look he's got to be
careful and you shouldn't break the law
and if you're the mayor you got to
enforce law I understand that but it's
not the hill I would have fought on but
she was apparently very mad about that
so at the time Feinstein who was in the
running for the Democratic
vice-presidential nomination was seeking
to curry favor with the Dixiecrats who
would be arriving in town three months
later for the Democratic National
Convention
she had the flag put back up
look I I'd be really surprised if Diane
Feinstein is racist and loves the
Confederacy that would be bizarre I
don't think that's the issue here she
wanted the vice presidency in 1984 and
they were saying that it was gonna be a
woman and they were right it was a woman
it just happened to be Geraldine Ferraro
so she's angling for it and she's like
mmm how can I convince the Southern
Democrats because why why in San
Francisco how can I convince the
Southern Democrats that I'm with them oh
I got it off my Confederate flag in San
Francisco elect a real progressive okay
so the activists are like no no we're
not gonna let a Confederate flag fly
over Sam's skirt not gonna happen so
they take it down again and of course
again Feinstein is enraged
this time however Bradley was arrested
on charges of vandalism the second time
he took it down according to a
contemporary count of the pre-trial
maneuvering by the Spartacus League's
in-house publication Workers Vanguard
which features a roundup of black press
coverage on the issue Feinstein's Office
worked with San Francisco's then
District Attorney Arlo Smith on the
prosecution a particular concern of
Iceland was that Bradley make
restitution to the city of San Francisco
for the destroyed flag so she wanted
black activists to pay for a confederate
flag let it go man you made your point
hey Dixon Kratz I'll do whatever you
want I'm your girl whatever okay you
made your point
you're gonna go and insist on his
prosecution and insist that he pay it
back all right
as news of Bradley's prosecution spread
phone calls and telegrams swamped
Feinstein's office and finally Feinstein
relented the exhausted mayor promised
not to fly the Confederate battle flag
again only after she had to be convinced
and there was a world of pressure aren't
you exhausted trying to get so-called
Democratic politicians to be progressive
but wait this story isn't over
Feinstein apparently wasn't quite
content with this turn of events and
still had time to make her case of the
Democratic Party power brokers
so after Bradley's trial faded from the
headlines near the end of June Feinstein
raised the Stars and Bars the first flag
of the Confederacy yeah now that's not a
progressive and and it's certainly not
someone who's gonna fight for you and
and look if you don't know the context
one last thing that support again it
isn't to go back in time and say she
can't change if you asked her about the
Confederate flag now and she still wants
to fly it Mike you never know with them
but I'd be really really surprised I'm
trying to be fair to her okay but every
time that she's had an opportunity to
make a political point like this
she is attacked the left not supported
it it's not the only time so one time
Kamala Harris of all people was doing a
prosecution and it was a really
high-profile case of a murder but she
didn't want to pursue the death penalty
Feinstein called a press conference and
attacked Kamala Harris back then and
said no we need a death penalty why she
wanted to appeal to the in in the
general election to the right wing and
say don't worry if you need someone to
punch the left wing
in the face Diane Feinstein's your
person over and over and over again she
says on Medicare for all she's not gonna
do it now she's been in office for 50
years that she might do it at a later
time she says no no it's not the time
it's not the time to help progressives
for Diane Feinstein it is never the time
to help progressives it's always the
time to help herself
elect a real progressive in California
you know who I think you should be
Allison Hartson Allison artisan calm
we'll have the links below but if you
think it's someone else do what you got
to do but make sure that California gets
the senator deserves a progressive one
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
