now Alice Jones has received
considerable criticism for first of all
everything as he should he's a lunatic
makes a wild conspiracy theories about
Pig bear human hybrids and and on top of
that he's deeply anti-semitic now why do
I say that
for a number of reasons he has attacked
George Soros over and over again with
references to his background he attacked
Michael Wolfe who wrote the book about
Donald Trump they both happen to be
Jewish
he will you'll see it in a second as
well
says the Soros worked with the Nazis
it's just like to say someone who I
don't know II know the source survived
the Holocaust like that shows the worst
guy on earth any we're gonna get to what
happened today in a second but in his
midst of his lunatic attacks against
Americans of Jewish descent he started
with Michael Wolff this is a little
while back did you give me give us some
context and he said all Michael loaf he
looks bad and then he put up a picture
of brian Stelter started really on him
and saying that he looks like Michael
Wolfe and they're all the same
now as it turns out brian Stelter is not
Jewish but of course Alex Jones will see
us worked out he don't know he's like
look at him so in fact here let's show
you the video but just look at skelter
again to put him on screen I think
there's all the broadcast should be is
just a photo of skelter smiling oh my
gosh oh hell on earth seems like a
perfectly fine picture to me what why
Michael Wolff and brian Stelter and look
at them and he'll why okay but we're
just getting warmed up remember this he
wants to run your life he wants to
control every aspect of your life
because he knows he is a cowardly
degenerate sack of anti human trash
I pledged before my Heavenly Father that
I will resist them
every way I can these people are the
literal demon spawn of the pit of hell
look at him and you know what he is
better than you if you keep letting him
run your life
he runs her kids he runs the schools he
runs the banks this guy the spirit this
smiling leering devil the things you
can't see what he is he is your enemy
period all the narcissistic devil
worshipping filth I see you enemy and I
swear total resistance to you with
everything I've got
so look it's hard not to be amused by
this literal lunatic on air ranting and
raving when he should be in a
straitjacket
but the things he's saying are not funny
they're the most anti-semitic things I
have ever heard in American media he
ticked off almost every single trope and
used to attack Jews in history across
the world an anti human trash and
dehumanized them
demon spawn references to devil worship
filth I mean this is fascism 101 Nazi
101 he's controls your kids that
reference the kids which he's gonna make
worse than a second with blood libel and
he runs the banks brian Stelter it works
in media why would he run the banks
because that is the most classic trope
against Jews in in history so he's going
off on Soros on wolf and Stelter and
these people they're filth they're trash
man and he promises his Heavenly Father
that he's going to route out the enemy
I've seen this movie before
except the guy had a little mustache
right here when he was saying it so now
today he is going to defend himself and
he says no no it's okay
I'm not anti-semitic well I am very
curious to see what this defense is
gonna be Oh buckle up Soros is a Nazi
collaborator that help round up
thousands of fellow Jews and then he has
groups saying I'm a Nazi collaborator
when he's a Nazi I mean it just shows
how reprobate and bankrupt the leftist
are and she's my ex-wife now and you
know it's my um my new wife her
pedigrees German three-quarter German
from Omaha and 1/4 Irish and I'm proud
of that background and the any Semites
call her a call her Jewish and
everything else and I if she was I'd be
proud of it but no she's got a noble
nose but she's not Jewish so you know
that's what all this comes down to
ladies and gentlemen and it just is
insane Oh double facepalm your defense
of why you're not anti-semitic is my
wife has a big nose but she's not Jewish
you just said the Jews have big noses
and it is not a defense
just like he couldn't even say some of
my best friends are Jewish he couldn't
say my wife is he couldn't say any of
that he couldn't he had no defense he
said my wife's not Jewish but she has a
big nose like to choose oh my god that's
the worst defense I have ever heard in
my life
but he thinks nailed it look if you
weren't clear about the tropes I mean we
won more from the brian Stelter rant
yeah I mean again it's the worst thing
I've ever seen this guy and by the way
if you notice in the beginning there he
called George Soros a Nazi collaborator
of course that's not true of course is
that and and Soros was a kid at the time
the guy survives the Holocaust and this
this clown and I'm trying not to use
worse words against him but he is more
than earned it then turns around and
calls a Holocaust survivor and Nazi
collaborator and then he says this about
stealthy disingenuous fake false think
back pushed it but the filer a betrayer
a backstabber a devil you will pay yeah
you think I don't see your face gun
you know they got MCU stuff
I see you you understand me I know what
you think of me and my family right back
you understand that you understand that
Delta God is going to destroy you
Oh get him off the screen so hateful
just please God free us from them
they're drunk on our children's blood
for God's sake okay I'm gonna stop right
now
Wow just in case he hadn't finished a
complete list of anti-semitic tropes
Brokeback you know it's a reference to
them leaving it leading a deviant
lifestyle again exactly what the Germans
said back in the 1930s a Defiler a
betrayer a backstabber classic
anti-semitic trope God will destroy you
as they said back then as well and then
finally he almost forgot blood lie bro
so they're gonna drink your blood kids
blood who's they
gi Kim I wonder who they is can't quite
tell but it's okay cuz his wife has a
big nose like Jews look what Hitler did
obviously speaks for itself and it's the
worst of the worst but if you get a
Hitler speech in that speech are you
sure Hitler's was worse just speeches
because I don't know that Hitler had
every single trope in a matter of 60
seconds I don't know that he looked as
crazy as that he looked pretty crazy and
obviously he was crazy and did the worst
things imaginable but the fascists are
here and so I know we kid around about
he cuz he's such a lunatic but the
president listens to this fascist so
it's it's not it's not funny anymore if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free bye
humming a member TYT Network comm /join
