Senate Republicans appear to be a little
desperate in trying to smear Cavanaugh's
accusers and the reason why I'm saying
that is because all of a sudden they are
personally releasing letters by
individuals who have no evidence against
these women other than just stories of
their sexual preferences so I'll give
you an example there's Dennis Ketterer
who was a former weathermen in
Washington DC and he sent a letter to
Republicans in the Senate Judiciary
Committee in fact of the Senate
Judiciary Committee thought it would be
a great idea to release this letter and
highlight specific parts that would make
Julie sweat Nick the third accuser in
the Kavanaugh case look like painter in
a certain picture okay let me just tell
you what it says so a committee press
release Judiciary Committee press
release touting the letter titled
Judiciary Committee receives statement
regarding sweat mnek allegations
emphasized excerpts from the letter
focused on accuser Julie sweat Nick's
alleged past sexual practices and
provided a link to the full letter so
I'm gonna give you portions of this
letter I'm gonna read it verbatim
Dennis Ketterer writes in the very
beginning I am a former weeknight
meteorologist for channel 7 in
Washington DC and won an Emmy in 1995
that's WJLA and and I have no idea why
you just told us you want an Emmy what
this guy you read the whole letter he's
weird
I'll explain why he's weird in a sec but
it begins weird I got here I'm gonna
tell you incredibly graphic sexual
stories about a woman I kind of dated
but not really but first I'd like to
tell you that I'm a weatherman who's won
an Emmy oh okay
so he says I met Julie sweat Nick in
1993 I was at a going-away party I left
the party to go to the bar to buy a soda
I haven't drunk alcohol since my 18th
birthday
okay so grammatical issue there who
cares not that big of a deal okay but
you were at a going-away party and you
needed to leave the party to go to a bar
to get soda
there was no soda at the party anyway
maybe that's a small thing but that
stood out no no it's it's somewhat
relevant here because now we're in crazy
land so the Republicans are touting this
as evidence to sweat Nick is lying and
here's a former boyfriend basically
saying this as you'll see is not really
a boyfriend and but why did you go to
the bar if you don't drink the reason is
to try to pick up women okay let's just
be clear about that and then he says
that he thought she was a call girl
because she actually talked to him and
he describes himself as 350 pounds and
why would she want someone like me well
first of all you're on TV
that's a relevant factor and I'm not
putting that on sweating it's just like
someone had the decency to actually come
up and talk to you so you thought she
might be a prostitute yeah you'd like to
share that with the whole world the
whole world so let me I want to read
that part to you like he says as I sat
alone at the end of the bar Julie
approached me she was alone quite
beautiful well-dressed and no drink in
hand my initial thought was that she
might be a high-end call girl because at
the time I weighed 350 pounds so what
would someone like her want with me
later then he writes this there was no
conversation about exchanging sex for
money so I decided to talk with her for
a few minutes
so he says he's weird man super weird he
says that they've never had sex okay
he suspected that she just wanted to get
to know him or whatever because he's on
TV again there's a lot of assumptions
being made maybe she's a nice person she
enjoyed the conversation we don't know
what her intentions were but nonetheless
he then goes on to smear her as you know
someone who enjoys group sex and like
very specific and and I don't know
personal details about what she
allegedly likes when she has sex but
then says that they've never had sex
together no no he later described her as
very sexually aggressive with me but
they never had sex and he keeps saying
throughout the letter like oh you know I
did go apologize to my church my church
is this okay how is this evidence what
and how are we how was she sexually
aggressive with you if you never even
had any sex like so I and a guy there's
some credibility here for
trim it um I don't know if I'm being
over-the-top fair in this case to this
guy who should not have made any of
these things public in my opinion right
but like he's so strange that he almost
gains credibility it would be a weird
way to lie right and and I think he does
feel guilty about a lot of different
things well he was married at the time
no no I get it but like guilt is oozing
out of this letter and a thousand
different I want to check with the
church I checked it sure I don't have
sex what I'm sorry right and so he felt
like it was baby it seems to me that
that it was the right thing to do the
share this I I believe him that he was
genuine in that he apparently ran as a
Democrat once he said he was a sexual
assault victim as well when he was nine
years old and that and so I'm giving you
all the context here and I know we're
down the rabbit hole of insanity here of
the this person said that about this and
then another person said it about her
and etc but to me it's the most relevant
part of all this is he actually says
that and this is why the Republicans are
like AHA we got her right that she
enjoyed group sex with guys but remember
his interpretation of events are a
little questionable given the
description of everything that he said
and it what it actually does is it
verifies that she told someone else that
many men had had sex with her at once so
that's like being left out of this story
entirely right and it's possible that
she said that and not in the way that
he's describing it and he took it the
wrong way okay so this is what this is
the reason why Senate Republicans
thought it was a great idea to publish
this letter even though it doesn't prove
anything
so he's alleging that through
conversation she said that she enjoys
group sex remember her allegation was
that she was raped after her drink was
spiked and the men at that party did a
train on her which is where they take
turns
essentially abusing her okay so the
whole point of this letter is to say she
liked it this is what she
likes this is what she enjoys and it's
disgusting that's what this is it's a
way of smearing her and by the way let
me be clear about one other thing it is
entirely possible that an individual
would have certain sexual preferences
but could be raped in in us in that very
same sexual context right so you can be
raped in a group or whatever and still
be someone who prefers that kind of sex
I mean it's like saying that purse that
woman who claims that she was raped once
you know they don't she told me one day
she told me that she enjoys sex can you
believe it yeah guess what people enjoy
sex even if they've been victimized in
the past no look we're it's so sick
we're in weird perilous territory here
because look do I no sweat Nick is a
hundred percent credible no no I don't
know that at all
and so and and I know that when she did
the TV interview she appeared to change
some parts of her story or they didn't
hold up to exactly what she'd written
out with avenatti so I'm not saying I
know for sure the sweat Nick's on the
level is she's got all of our details
right I don't know but this guy's not a
great character witness and four
Republican senators to put this super
weird letter out to try to make it seem
like she enjoyed it is the troubling
part that's exactly right because this
guy she she accidentally did the favor
of showing him some positive attention
they never even had sex they never even
dated but in his novel that he wrote in
his head oh she likes sex so much as she
did was so a sexually aggressive with me
and she wanted me so much and at first I
thought of cool could want me it must be
a hooker or then it's somebody who was
obsessed with sex or likes me for being
on TV and all this stuff and so I gotta
tell you I got to tell the whole country
I told my church and they told me to
tell you guys that you know that she's
what wants it ah don't do that don't do
that so that this is the the terrible
spot we're in right now look by the way
what is the correct way to handle this
as I've said a thousand times I don't
know about sweating
I don't know she didn't testify I
haven't seen that
the whole thing so in the very first day
when it first came out
she said Cavanaugh was present at the
parties that she was raped I I don't
know what that means was he present as
in he participated or he didn't
participate etc right so what is the
correct thing to do instead of leaking
stupid letters from weirdos from years
past no how'd the FBI talk to her and
and maybe if she is not credible the FBI
will be able to tell right and have the
FBI talk to people she says we're at
those parties see if Cavanaugh was at
those parties like can we get back to
sanity and happy occasionally because
they're so desperate at this point
remember it's not Democrats it's not us
it's not anyone on the Left who was
trying to avoid the investigation into
these accusations it was the group of
people who claim that Cavanaugh is
innocent and again if you really think
he's innocent why wouldn't you want the
investigation to clear his name why are
they going out of their way to smear an
accuser right if you think she's lying
then you should be happy that this
investigation happened but remember the
FBI wasn't even allowed to talk to her
until Trump was pressured to allow for
the FBI to interview her why why is that
if you think that you know she enjoys
being you know in these situations with
multiple men and it's just her
preference and she's lying about
Cavanaugh why wouldn't you want FBI
agents to talk to her I mean they
certainly don't see they don't feel like
it doesn't feel like they're believing
Cavanaugh here yeah if I again for the
billionth time if I'm Cavanaugh and I
think sweat niggas making this stuff up
and it's crazy that's the first person I
want the FBI to talk to right it'll be
really easy to describe instead
Republican senators put this very last
thing on this he said he only knew her
for a couple of weeks and he said oh
yeah but she never told me about
Cavanaugh dude why the hell would she
tell you about Cavanaugh I Got News for
you you guys weren't dating oh that
stuff was in your head right so now your
best attack against wet Nick is some
random weather dude kind of but not
really went out with her no didn't even
go out with her just met her a couple of
times for a cup
weeks decades ago and but hey he thinks
she wanted it oh for Christ's sake
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
