the majority of students who survived
the mass shooting in parkland Florida
have been speaking out in favor of gun
control however there was apparently one
student who did not agree with gun
control and wanted to ask a question
during CNN's Town Hall on this very
topic now the student had his name's
Colton habe he had claimed that CNN
essentially wanted him wanted to script
his question and then later his father
released doctored emails to make it seem
as though CNN was telling his son what
to say or what he can and can't say so
glenn habe who is the father of colton
habe admitted on tuesday that he did
doctor these emails between his son and
CNN in an effort to convince people the
network told the Marjory Stoneman High
School junior what to say during the
life Town Hall last week so CNN fought
back and I'm glad that they did because
they released the actual original
version of the email and you could take
a look at it here and you know it shows
clearly what they had said hi Glen that
really is way too long and they're
referring to the question that Colton
wanted to ask these are quick questions
so that we can get to as many people as
possible this is what Colton and I
discussed on the phone that he submitted
he needs to stick to this so that last
sentence that I read to you guys last
two sentences I read to you are the
sentences in question here right now the
doctored email changed things a little
bit so let's take a look at the next
graphic it said this is what Colton and
I discussed on the phone he needs to
stick to this making it seem as though
the producer spoke to Colton over the
phone and told him what to say which is
not the case alright so just to clarify
even further let's go to graphic 55 the
original email provided to mediate from
CNN has one significant difference to
the one sent to Fox News and CNN that
Carey Stevenson who was the producer at
CNN told the elder hey've that Colton
should stick to the questions he
submitted and discussed with her on the
phone rather than the longer list he
sent for approval
following their discussion CNN did
absolute
nothing wrong and the fact that the
father here doctored the email is so
incredibly ludicrous because he is
messing not only with the reputation of
CNN but he is messing with the life and
career reputation of the specific
producer who did absolutely nothing
wrong
so first glen habe that he acknowledges
omitting some words from the email but
says he didn't do it on purpose what
does that even know that's a lie
be from someone who has now been proven
to be a liar so you said that they your
family said the CNN scripted the
questions for you but you knew what the
real email sent which is can you think
of a question that you wanted to ask
that we discussed on the phone so when
you took that part out what could have
possibly been your motivation and if you
just sent an email and not said anything
about it your son hadn't said anything
about it you could say oh maybe he made
a mistake and took it out and there was
an honest mistake and then he realized
this all my bad no but you doctored the
email then your son went on TV and said
look at what see that is doing they told
me to you know they scripted the
questions no that was a purposeful lie
and and so don't go come around
pretending now all of a sudden we make
an honest mistake no there was nothing
honest about that mistake and it wasn't
a mistake it was done on purpose and it
was done to that in a way that as Anna
points I could have ruined that
producers life you know how quickly the
mainstream media panics I could have
easily fired her you could have fired
her and also I mean I know from personal
experience what it's like to be harassed
by people who have bought into doctored
things that have been put on the
internet about you things that are
complete and utter lies doctor tweets
whatever it is doctored photos and so I
don't know what you know this producer
went through but I could imagine that it
was harsh and it was difficult to deal
with and I'm really glad that CNN did
not panic and that they backed their
producer up and they provided evidence
to the contrary of you know what this
father and son had claimed on in the
media so now this is so obvious that
even Tucker Carlson
on Hannity on fox news who's been
pushing it super aggressively especially
Hannity now I've said yeah fine it was
zoom is that okay alright anyway let's
move on right so I mean when Fox News
admits they were wrong wow it's super
super clear
but once again we what happens one side
lies and the other side doesn't it's an
uneven playing fields they do it
regularly they do it as a matter of
course they've been taught to do it so
the right-wing media lies non-stop now
the the regular citizens are on the
right wing side they don't have a good
case to make so they're like well well
we call it fake news so ironically let's
make something fake and then charge the
media with it right ok because they're
their leaders got them used to lying and
so and by the way mainstream media how
many times do you have to be lied about
before you realize it's not everybody
does it it's not oh a little bit of this
and a little bit of that and I'm gonna
call it 50/50 it's not 50/50
once I mean is there no nobody on the
left wing who's ever told of life course
on it's preposterous and you should do
your due diligence make sure that you're
what you're getting is is true but they
don't do it systematically if you name a
website that does it name a network
that's on the left that does it right on
the right wing side name a website that
is a so-called right wing media site
that doesn't lie on a consistent basis
Photoshop pictures things they have to
retract the day don't even retract the
conspiracy theories lie after lie after
lie are you surprised that the people
who read that and consume that media
I've been taught to be liars what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash joint
