the Supreme Court agreed to hear the
appeal of a case involving the
indefinite detention of undocumented
immigrants now the previous ruling given
by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
indicated that detention centers cannot
indefinitely hold undocumented
immigrants and permanent legal residents
without bond hearings now the case was
appealed by the Trump administration
went to the Supreme Court and here is
the latest ruling according to the
Supreme Court immigrants can be held by
u.s. immigration officials indefinitely
without receiving bond hearings even if
they have permanent legal status or are
seeking asylum again this is what the
Supreme Court ruled in a 5 to 3 ruling
justice Elena Kagan recused herself from
this case now the court ruled that
immigrants do not have the right to
periodic bond hearings so I want to give
you further context into why this case
even came about it involved a man by the
name of Alejandro Rodriguez who was a
permanent resident of the United States
now he was convicted of possession of a
controlled substance and joyriding he
was held in a detention center for three
years without bond without a bond
hearing ok so that is an injustice and
unfortunately the Supreme Court has
further solidified that injustice so
first let's talk about that case and
then let's talk about our ramifications
overall he was not an undocumented
immigrant he was a legal resident here
in the old days if you had a green card
which is what you get before you become
a citizen but if you have your perfectly
legal here you had almost every right
that a citizen had except voting
nowadays they can do almost anything to
you and so now they can just arrest you
and never give you a hearing right so
this guy didn't get a hearing for three
years Supreme Court's like that's
awesome on a very important charge like
joyriding and yeah Wow
look if you got convicted of that crime
there's no way you'd serve three years a
controlled substance and joyriding that
is not a
year sentence but he didn't even get
convicted we have no idea if he's
innocent or not because he never got a
hearing now it they say three years but
this ruling says you don't ever have to
give them a bond hearing so you can
Guantanamo Bay them even though they're
here legally right
you could just say sad day for you we're
taking away habeas corpus you we never
have to bring you in front of a judge
now in a previous story we told you
about how they're bringing back debtors
prisons and we outlawed that in this
country in 1833 habeas corpus goes back
to the 1200s so now we've gone back 800
years this is the Lord's demanded this
of the King back in in England saying
you can't just put someone away and
never give them a hearing he wouldn't
even let a king do it we theoretically
have a democracy and they're saying we
never ever have to give you a hearing so
for you for any member of the audience
who thinks man immigrants who cares
right and I know that that's a probably
non-existent portion of our audience but
just in case I I'd like to respond with
this argument first off here is justice
Alito's reasoning for voting in favor of
this indefinite detention Alito writes
immigration officials are authorized to
detain certain aliens in the course of
immigration proceedings while they
determine whether those aliens may be
lawfully president in the country okay
so the argument here is well you know
they're investigating this situation and
so detaining these people until they
figure things out is totally fine
that's his argument why wouldn't that
argument extend to everyday Americans
right like we're supposed to have a
right to a quick and speedy trial which
oftentimes we don't already but who's to
say that under this type of logic an
American can be detained indefinitely
until hey authorities kind of
investigate the situation figure out
what's going on no bond hearing no no
bond hearing for you but let's go one
step further he says well they gotta
figure out what's going on and then
they'll give you a hearing but you said
that there is
time limit on the hearing so what if
they never figure out what's going on
well shouldn't if you're saying hey
we're not going to give you a hearing on
why we put you in prison in the first
place because we don't yet know what
your legal status is can we then get a
period of time for them to determine
what your legal status is nope
so then you just create a loophole that
allows you to put almost anybody in
prison by the way if you're a citizen
you could then demand a hearing but how
do they know you're a citizen right and
so look this is this is the point that I
want to make the broader point they're
tricking all of you guys right there
they're tricking all of the
right-wingers conservatives into buying
into this ideology because they're
pitting you against the others but then
the same things that they're using to
dismantle the protections for the others
will be used against you okay they're
dismantling everything all the
protections whether it's the consumer
protection financial Bureau or you know
habeas corpus or you know whatever
protections that we had when it came to
our privacy that they'll dismantle that
in the name of national security they're
dismantling all sorts of things that
make America America and they're just
buying into it hook line and sinker
because they have just bought into the
notion that the others are worth being
fearful of and we need to do something
about them this is crazy so a couple
more things first of all the guys that
brought the case weren't even asking for
that much they're saying can we get a
hearing within six months you could be
sitting in prison perfectly innocent for
six months and they're like nope nope
you can't even get one every six months
okay number two then people are going to
stop coming here because we're just
that's what they want and look how it is
and so let's just acknowledge it if
you're a right winger don't tell me that
you're against illegal immigration
because these are against legal
immigrants as well and and so let's say
you came here on a student visa you're a
legal alien you came here for a business
trip you came here and you have a green
you could stay as long as you want if
you have a green card you're perfectly
legal sorry we just who are habeas
corpus you have no rights at all we can
detain you permanently and never give
you a hearing what kind of barbaric
country does that and we claim we're the
shining city on a hill and we're the
example of democracy to the rest of the
world and so the concern is they never
meant it they hate they don't believe in
our system of government they don't
believe you should have due process for
them rule of law doesn't mean pursuit of
justice and it's hard for progressives
to wrap their mind around that because
we keep thinking is this justice system
why won't you try to figure out if it's
the right guy or the wrong guy right
you'd need a hearing to figure out if
it's the right guy or the wrong thing
because service view the rule of law is
not about justice but about maintaining
their power over you you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
