a lot of people to the left of Boni can
test his status as the socialist because
many of his policies he's not an
idealist you know he's a pragmatist he
doesn't have he's not a you know a born
ideal of but a lot of his policies were
what we call maybe social democracy
rather than democratic socialism in that
they probably resemble a very lean
capitalist welfare state in which there
is a kind of redistributed program that
takes the the fruits of the capital
moppet and then distributes it further
down the income chain which is not any
kind of traditional socialist program at
all the doctrine egg a kind of vision of
what socialism is is a a planned economy
a centralized economy in which there is
a giant set of government mechanisms
that control and distribute every
resource and there is no when you go to
the shop and you purchase something you
pay the cost of what it costs to produce
that good and then you pay a little bit
extra which is the surplus value which
is in in which you know all the couple
is and kind of resides and within a
socialist system the government kind of
distributes rather than sells right
there is no market right so that is very
far away from anything Bernie Sanders
has
