at the bipartisan meeting that I was
talking about Donald Trump had a couple
of controversial things they said and
will soon say are fake news when you
report them
he said that Florida police should have
taken away the shooters guns quote
whether they had the right or not oh and
he also said quote take the guns first
go through due process second if if
Barack Obama had said that the country
would have simply erupted into orbit ya
know right now we'd be like Sandra
Bullock and grab what you want and just
going around right he said just take it
even if you don't have a right take it
then go through due process I don't
think you know what due process means by
the way that's a different sort of
process if you do it afterward but fine
look I think that there should be more
of an ability if there is the right sort
of rationale to take away the guns but
the thing is that I've sort of thought
about it or it's Donald Trump is just
like no no again projection again what
they were worried theoretically worried
about liberals doing right they're gonna
take your guns Trump just said we're
gonna take your guns whether you have
the right or not
whether we have the right or not I mean
next thing you know he'll set up a Fema
camp so so it but look I get it even
Republicans though Trump's an idiot and
he doesn't really know what he's saying
he's incredibly unstable do you know it
if you're a Republican or a right-wing
or you know he's not a very stable
genius you know he's a moron you know he
blurted that out and he's gonna walk it
back tomorrow or later today you also
know that he's corrupt and you feel
comfortable oh don't worry
the NRA already bought him so we in fact
we did this story yesterday on the show
where he said oh I'm gonna raise the age
limit on buying these weapons right to
21 and I'm gonna get tough on that all
right and then a day later walked it
back so it's just kidding I didn't mean
it and I am so sorry and he's not doing
that anymore
so he'll walk this back sorry everybody
he won't do it he'll have an aide come
out and do an official statement no we
believe in new process the American
justice system
and NRA is awesome and please send the
check to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
yeah I think Sarah hobbies intervals say
well I think he was just trying to make
clear the need to be tough on law
enforcement and I think it's really
deceptive of you bastards in the
mainstream media to imply that yeah we
know exactly other cycles gone through
we've been through it a few times for
this approach okay we're talking with
this guy this this teacher now who had
the gun and barricaded himself so okay
he left a note so according to this plan
we're gonna take the gun some people
will leave a note never have given us
indication who knew he had a gun
whoever does know that maybe they'll say
where do you keep your gun teacher or
whatever Davis right it's not his name
so what do you do do you go in his house
do you check his drawers do you check
his basement
do you go to his car you check under a
seat where do you find his guns now even
if now this law has been passed what
does this law mean these are all just
basic BS coverings to throw over to say
we're doing something about this gun
problem how do you implement this policy
of taking guns after someone leaves that
youtube comment a note in their
classroom says I'm a hurt the notes
apparently said I'm hurting myself and
others with what and how if he said I'm
going to shoot everyone where we gonna
find your gun so do we get to go on your
house do we get SWAT team and put a big
barricade a big I think generally rammed
through your door until we find your
pistol well jr. don't be ridiculous it's
not like he has a joint throw stun
grenades in there yeah III believe that
in many cases they can it means they
don't mean it
it means they go let's just say things
until people stop to get off our damn
backs about this well live on you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
