so Donald Trump's tax scams are revealed
by the New York Times wonderful
investigative piece that he looked into
it for over a year and it shows that the
Trump family might have evaded hundreds
of millions of dollars in taxes so how
is Fox going to react well let's go to
Neil Cavuto
you're looking into this new york times
report by the way that is out accusing
the president of engaging a little bit
of creative accounting tax schemes that
were apparently passed on by the IRS
without much of a dust-up but they're
going back many many decades here I've
had a chance to read the entire article
I don't know what there's a bear there
outside of the fact that the president
benefited from having a rich father and
a good marketing skill creative
accounting practices that's what rich
people do when they evade taxes that's
what they call it everyone else would go
to prison by the way yes just as Wesley
Snipes who's apparently creative but not
creative enough so why Cavuto actually
has criticized Trump in the past and has
gotten a lot of blowback from the Fox
audience so why is he back Trump on this
one because that's the whole point of
Fox is to support rich people as they
evade taxes and cheat the system on that
one they're totally on Trump side hey I
don't like this about what he said about
women or this or that etc but hey
avoiding taxes ripping off the American
taxpayer and basically stealing hundreds
of millions of dollars stovetop I'm
staying as that for an old reference so
of course Cavuto loves that and Fox
loves that and that's why they go oh
it's just creative accounting practices
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
