this week Attorney General Jeff Sessions
came under a weird fire from an
unexpected angle over what initially
seems totally reasonable I guess at
least from a right-wing point of view he
announced a Justice Department
investigation and then the attack
started on social media so on Tuesday he
said that the Justice Department is
looking at whether the FBI has properly
handled applications for surveillance
orders under the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act sessions was asked
about House Intelligence Chairman Devin
Nunez this controversial memo outlining
purported surveillance abuses and told
the reporters that quote the Inspector
General will take that as one of the
matters he'll deal with so what he's
doing here is an investigation that the
right would want based on the Wrights
ridiculous memo so it seems a bit odd
that the person is attacking him is none
other than most powerful person in the
world Donald J Trump who said why is AG
Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector
General to investigate potentially
massive FISA abuse will take forever has
no prosecutorial power and already late
with reports on Comey etc isn't the IG
and Obama guy why not use Justice
Department lawyers disgraceful talking
about his Attorney General no guys you
have to understand how insane this's
over 20 years of covering politics I've
never seen anything like this so it just
kept getting worse throughout the tweet
if Obama had just written the first
sentence about his own Attorney General
whether it was Eric Holder or anyone
else why is Attorney General asking the
Inspector General to investigate
potentially massive Phi's abuse people
would have said woody why did you write
that in a tweet why didn't you call him
and ask him he's your Attorney General
and why are you making this fight public
that is so weird
he's Obama okay and he's he about to
fire Holder what is going on that would
have been like again the biggest drama
in Obama's eight years then he gets to
isn't the Inspector General own Obama
guy no you can't get into the politics
of different people who's whose job is
to hold other members of the executive
branch accountable so if Obama I said
isn't that a bush guy I don't want that
guy investigating me or the opposition I
want my lawyer political guys
investigations including criminal
investigations people would have liked
that would have been Benghazi times 10
because it really is bad you can't have
whether it's Obama or Trump saying I'd
like political investigations in the
executive branch
especially criminal ones that I'm
political it assigns I want to make sure
that my political hacks are the ones
that are investigating call me and
Hillary Clinton it's that would have
been crazy
that's that requires committee hearings
and it would have been an humble but
we're not even at the worst part at the
end in all caps he calls his own
attorney general disgraceful what what
no no guys he's a lunatic that's not a
thing that a president does that's not a
thing any stable person does I know that
he's a very stable but speaking of which
I want to go to his tweets on that the
the the infamous very stable genius
tweets before he got to that that last
line he had said in an earlier tweet
actually throughout my life my two
greatest assets have been mental
stability and being like really smart so
that let's stop right there how do you
not see that he's lost his mind or never
had it in the first place if anyone in
your regular life hey you're doing a
backyard picnic your neighbor comes over
Bob and Bob's like listen John I got to
tell you something man my two greatest
assets I'd be thinking Oh what you know
you're gonna cook and you can tell me
how you cook ribs or what's it or like
hey man you a really good fireman and
that's what your job is what it like
fantasy football what is it my two best
assets John is that I'm really stable
like Jesus Christ I gotta get out right
and and those things ribs okay and John
let me tell you the other thing I'm
really good at throughout my whole life
I'm like really smart you'd be like okay
note to self never ever invite Bob again
and slash think about moving okay / why
is this regular person talking The
Secret Service
so in the next suite he has the
legendary line which is what created
this shirt on shop 2/40 com2 president
of the united states and they says i
think that would qualify as not smart
but genius and a very stable genius at
that now
who walks into a bar and screams I'm a
very stable genius someone who has lost
their effing mind so this guy comes in
to tell yells at his old Attorney
General in public disgraceful okay even
if you believe that then fire him didn't
pull them aside didn't talk to him talk
to your chief of staff hey what do we do
about the Attorney General cuz I think
he's disgraceful like that's problematic
that's really deeply problematic if he's
the Attorney General is one of the top
four positions in government at least
okay it is enormous ly important if you
think that your Attorney General is
disgraceful you should do something
about it and lucky for you you're
president you can do anything you want
and you hired the guy he didn't do this
out of any strategy he did this because
he is deeply unstable god knows what
this guy can do so like hope Hicks
leaves today there's rumors yesterday
that I reported the John Kelly's thing
you're pulling the chute like they can't
take any more there's only so much that
anybody can take you know cretin did
Jeff Sessions ascent in the beginning of
a sentence I thought I'd never speak
right because I can't stand Jeff
Sessions I think Jeff's is a really bad
guy he's put me in a position to kind of
defend him because Jeff Sessions said oh
you're right this political hatchet job
that we'd like to do about investigating
the former administration I'm on it and
I put the Inspector General on it and
made him do it he's like that's not
enough disgraceful these sessions gotta
go I'm doing the political hatchet job
you want me to do and how is he hung in
there for this long now they're all
gonna leave this he's that lasted most
of them you guys don't get it
so I keep saying and then the right wing
goes oh but it's not just the right wing
those guys are clowns I get it but but a
lot of mainstream media they don't
understand they just think this is
normal like oh he's gonna complete his
term and then we're gonna have a real
like shin we're gonna do this no we're
not no we're not this is raptured it's
deteriorating rapidly I would make an
isotope analogy if I was as stable
genius enough to know an isotope analogy
but you see what I'm saying the
half-life is bad intellectual half-life
that's right so no this is this is not
normal
this is madness you just watch the video
by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
