one of Donald Trump's closest and
longest-serving aides is now resigning
moving on out of the White House that is
hope Hicks
who's come up quite a bit in news over
the past couple of months she's been
White House communications director for
six months now somebody pointed out that
that it is forty eight point nine scare
mooches and so good job on our part and
we've got some news about why it is that
she's leaving now after six months
because in the Trump administration
we're just sort of used to the fact that
nobody lasts long at all but it is still
kind of weird to be moving on so fast
and Maggie Haberman of the New York
Times says she did not say what her next
job would be and her departure date was
unclear but it is likely to be in the
next few weeks and also pointed out that
her resignation came a day after she
testified for eight hours before the
House Intelligence Committee telling the
panel that in her job she had
occasionally been required to tell white
lies but had never lied about anything
connected to the investigation into
Russia's interference in the 2016
election the thing about white lies
white lines are the things that you tell
another type of lying is lying by
omission which maybe she dabbled a
little bit in there she repeatedly
declined to answer questions about the
presidential transition or her time in
the White House lawmakers who sat in on
the testimony said telling investigators
that she had been asked by the White
House to discuss only her time on the
campaign they added that she did not
formally invoke executive privilege
because in the current administration
you don't have to it's just always there
for everybody in every context okay so
her basically announcing a resignation
the day after testifying in the house is
the thing I summarized by Gore that
writer Maggie Haberman put out like five
tweets in a row saying it's not
connected to yesterday's testimony she's
been saying for a few months that she is
going to resign she is not being pushed
out not buying it so listen I'm a
professional look it up in the book I
haven't covered politics for over twenty
years now and
right so they always say it's not
connected it's always connected and she
says well there was never any good time
to leave and I've been considering
leaving for months so you decided that
the best time to leave would be the day
after you gave eight hours of testimony
on an incredibly controversial issue
which the president is being
investigated on think any more
suspicious who was the day before
testify but but we're in a neck-and-neck
race for what's the most suspicious day
out of all days
so if you wanted to avoid suspicion wait
a week ago week earlier how about three
weeks so on an alternative theory all
right so in it was mentioned I think by
Maggie Haberman but people have been
talking about it and you'll remember
because we covered this together not too
many weeks ago the Rob Porter thing
happened and remember Donald Trump was
harshly criticizing ho picks over
supposedly putting her interests and the
interests of Rob Porter over the
presidents and apparently the criticism
from the president affected her that's
what sources are saying okay I do
remember that John you know why cuz I'm
a very stable job shop TYT calm okay so
so look I know that's an alternate
theory that theory is dangerous in a fun
kind of way so if you don't know all the
parts of that very oh I kind of said it
before I'll see if I could dance around
it but hope aches in a relationship with
Rob Porter she supports her out Porter
when he leaves dollar Trump gets
unusually angry about hope Hicks support
of Rob Porter it's relatively like in
the scope of the Trump administration a
benign thing to do Donald Trump also
defended Rob Porter so did John Kelly
Donald Trump has defended many people
who have been accused of that and worse
right so for him to get so emotionally
upset over hope Hicks when there are
rumors of what Trump might be doing with
some people and the white I don't know I
don't know okay
so thought about I don't buy it okay and
by the way it is more than okay not to
buy let me be very
clear on what is clear and what is not
clear okay so you have this three layers
to this right
there's what the mainstream media
reporters have to report and I don't
blame them right they can't do even 1%
speculation kind of and so they go okay
hope Hicks has said this year's planning
to retire for a couple of months that's
what she says so I write it down like
it's a fact and I tell you that she
testified for eight hours yesterday to
the House Intelligence Committee right
and but I'm not connected to you I can't
I can't I can't spent no I don't know
anything about politics
could they be really not I don't know
right all right so that's mainstream
media so then there's what we do which
is analysis in context right so that's
why I tell you having covered politics a
very long time there almost always
connected and then there's a third layer
which what we call speculation so there
are rumors out there what Trump might or
might not have done with women and and
John is right that really who knows I
don't know I don't claim to know but I'm
telling you that one of the theories as
to why she is leaving is because Trump
was unusually upset about that okay he
might be unusually upset for other
reasons he's a lunatic who knows right
so I really really don't know and that
is it is kind of a terrible ugly rumor
but yeah but if you're talking about why
hope makes is leaving there's only two
possible reasons and one of them is not
you know what I decided that this
incredibly powerful job with incredible
prestige and by the way before I did
nothing related to politics and nothing
powerful and nothing interesting before
the Trump campaign she was and I didn't
know this until now she was apparently a
model okay and I say that like what a
weird thing to jump from model to
politics not any disdain for models but
it's just out of left field right so
you're gonna voluntarily give up their
job because nothing went wrong no that
is not one of the options that is not
one of the options there's two options I
just told you what they are neither one
of them is pretty but but look I think
that the day after the testimonies is
too big a coincidence I think it is much
more likely to be that so and and that
does
mean that I know what she testified to I
certainly don't it doesn't mean that she
incriminating Trump or was planning on
incriminating Trump we don't know that
either but we do know that that that
that testimony must have shook her in
some way for her to say I'm not gonna
leave a week from now in terms of at
least announcing it I'm not gonna
announce that three weeks from now or
three months from now I got a go I gotta
go I'm out I'm out and that is that's a
hell of a thing if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm /join
and once you do you'll be saying get
home like a smart person or you might
say I think it's weird or you might say
oops no that won't be that one it won't
be that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm / joy
