so I want to tell you guys about one
other things and that's Wolf Pack
volunteers and and people who are
sending in video so we came up with this
idea called hashtag be the wolf so what
I wanted people to do is just film
themselves while they're doing stuff for
vote Wolf Pack volunteering it I don't
know whether you're right did we did the
first video when we had a wolf pack
national get-together here in LA and we
I went around the room and shot the
video and of course I held the camera on
the wrong way cuz I made and I
introduced all the guys and all their
nicknames and stuff and I keep
emphasizing Richard sample ritual
samples from West Virginia he goes down
the Statehouse so often they call him
Richard Wolfpack saffle okay at the
Statehouse so and then there's in
Colorado there's grant the cut the
mountain man etc right so it's super fun
over the first video went well so we
said okay guys now that the volunteers
go go make videos so one person did and
and it turned out not one person a
couple bunch of people did right and you
should check out their Facebook page um
link below and all that stuff but but
this one was pretty powerful so but
before I get to that I want to show you
some pictures because they get together
all across the country and what I love
about Wolf Pack is their America okay so
these are folks work in middle age older
younger and they go down the Statehouse
and they fight and they fight they get
there they talk to the legislators they
take them out to lunch sometimes they
have beers with them right you know what
you're looking at right there America
okay so that's that's the Wolfpack team
in in Delaware and then they go in and
they convince their legislators that's
how they wouldn't rotate Chuck over the
legislation it's right it's sorry
do you weren't coming for us we were
coming for you we took your house
so that's Delaware and I can show you
state after state but I want to show you
the video here we had for legal reasons
we had to bleep out the the person that
he called and of course his own phone
number but just watch just watching and
so this is a guy who decided I've had
enough and I'm gonna get involved to
watch hey my name is Dan Lemp and I just
said the Wolfpack orientation two days
ago it's Tuesday now that was on Sunday
and uh
I'm about to call my state legislator
for the first time ever I've never made
a call to the government but I and I
honestly don't really like making phone
calls so I'm pretty nervous but this is
way too important and it's just time for
me to step up and take action so here we
go hey how's it going today
good so my name is Dan lamp and I live
in representative district so I'm
calling about the free and fair
elections resolution it's absolutely the
most important issue for me really
nothing else compares that's my top
issue and I just really want to see that
resolution get passed and call for a
convention to pass the 28th amendment to
restore free and fair elections so as
their constituent I really just wanted
to say that I'd really like to see and
support the resolution so that the
voices of average citizen citizens
aren't overshadowed by special interests
I think it's gonna change the country in
the world for the better and make our
government do a better job of serving
for the people so that's all I wanted to
say yeah my my home address yeah so
normally it's awesome thank you so much
thank you alright
all right I did it so I saw that it only
takes three calls for an issue to get
onto a senator's radar and then it takes
ten calls on a particular issue for a
senator or a representative to start
considering supporting it so just if me
and a couple friends gather up and call
our representative then that makes a big
difference to them I've been thinking
about doing this for a long time and
after after the Florida shooting I I
just I was fed up and I had enough liked
in it it Maddon's me to know that that
you know that people are dying just
because just because of the the NRA can
buy out politicians and buy elections
and it keeps happening this keeps
happening and no one's making it any
difference about it so it's time for us
to take responsibility for our
government and take action to make the
changes that we need to be made because
we can complain about what's going on we
can complain about what's going on all
we want but the only thing that's gonna
make a difference is taking action and
getting money out of politics so it
feels really good to finally step up and
take that action and kind of overcome
that
that nervousness and just make the call
alright thank you so if you want to send
in your own video community at wolf dash
pack.com we'll have the link down below
look people people care and what a lot
of people don't know and why they don't
get involved is they don't realize how
many other people care and that if you
got together you could make a giant
difference so every team that is one if
for Wolfpack in the different states
that we won California Illinois etc have
formed incredible bonds that lasts a
long time and and all come back saying
it's the most fulfilling thing they've
ever done in their lives so get in the
fight and you saw there from that video
it doesn't it doesn't take my shoes
that's it just gather up your courage to
make the call
made the call read the statement he's on
the board and now dance one of our
warriors and and we fight forward so
come join us let's fight together and
when we win together it'll be the
greatest thing that you ever did
