first of all can I see TYT Kansas comp
can I see that I mean we've been
checking on it all night it's at twenty
six thousand eight hundred and sixty
nine dollars were trying to give me
fifty thousand what's this so this is
for Brent welder
so that he could hire a field team he
contributed to TYT as a member and to
our reporter campaign our studio
campaign we're paying it forward here
and our audience is chipping in and he
actually did a video to thank you guys
so it was really sweet it's video number
four and I just wanted to share with you
guys so let's watch hi Jake ity T army
this is Brent welder reporting in from
welder headquarters here in Kansas City
Kansas thank you so much for your
generosity over the last few days we've
already gotten in another shipment of
our supporter cards this is what we take
door-to-door with our volunteers asking
voters to pledge to vote for me in this
campaign we haven't felt the information
and then we send it back to them right
before the election as part of our
get-out-the-vote efforts your donations
have helped us so much you know I've
been a TYT member for many many years
and have just been such a gigantic fan
of what a Jenk and what TYT and what the
TYT army have been doing to lead the
progressive movement nationwide and your
donations now are allowing us to get
another field office we're starting to
hire more field staff so thank you so
much please continue to give at TYT
Kansas comm because it will allow us to
build the biggest grassroots field
effort of any congressional race in the
country that's the goal I know we can do
it I'm not taking corporate PAC money
I'm relying on people just like you from
around the country I appreciate it so
much from the bottom of my heart thank
you again and we'll check in later on
thanks so much so look I keep
emphasizing it because it would be
amazing to have one of our own in
Congress and I don't mean just TYT of
course I mean it truly uncorrupted truly
progressive congressman from the heart
of Kansas it would be amazing but the
TYT thinks a pretty great story too I
mean let's not forget that it's pretty
cool that he's the he would really be
the one of us because he came out of the
you know the stable here a little bit
right yeah well any army that's right
and now we have Dylan Ratigan
New York's 21st district and he was TYT
contributor so we could have a an
interesting at TYT caucus inside of
Congress so that would be amazing and
then of course there's also arson in
California so let's go get em let's get
Brent Walder elected he's already
beating the Republican incumbent by
seven points
he gets that field team and he's gonna
put him away help him close
