20:17 was an incredibly lucrative year
for Amazon in fact according to reports
Amazon reportedly took in 5.6 billion
dollars billion dollars in profits alone
not talking about revenue I'm dying out
profits after all was said and done
Amazon brought in 5.6 billion dollars in
profits in 2017 now you would think that
Amazon would pay some portion of that in
the form of taxes federal income taxes
to be exact but recent filings indicate
that Amazon paid zero dollars in taxes
in 2017 absurd now keep in mind this is
federal income taxes but Amazon has
faced quite a bit of scrutiny for
finding loopholes so they don't have to
pay certain state taxes as well but
according to these recent reports
Amazon's global headquarters is not in
Seattle ok but in the tiny landlocked
nation of Luxembourg the European Union
has accused Luxembourg of giving illegal
tax breaks to Amazon and has ordered the
country to recover 295 million dollars
in back taxes which by the way is
actually tiny compared to what they
should be paying over all exactly yeah
and and I mean when you look at the
number of employees they have in
Luxembourg versus the number of
employees they have in Seattle okay so
there's 40,000 employees in Seattle
about 1,500 employees in Luxembourg but
their headquarters are in Luxembourg
which everybody knows Amazon's
headquarters is not in Luxembourg it's
obviously a tax loophole and this is for
the last year so it's a 35% rate so in
reality they should be paying close to
two billion dollars in taxes but instead
they paid zero so luckily in the new
Trump tax bill he said he's gonna take
away a corporate loopholes all right
oops he didn't he didn't so they'll get
to do the same exact trick next year
right now Amazon did respond to some of
the criticisms that they're getting for
not paying anything in federal income
taxes they said our provision for income
taxes in 2017 was lower than in 2016
primarily dude
to excess tax benefits from stock based
compensation and the provisional
favorable effect of the 2017 Tax Act
partially offset by an increase in the
proportion of foreign losses for which
we may not realize a tax benefit and
audit related developments I don't know
what any of that means I'm not gonna lie
to you guys
it means we have really good lawyers and
accountants and and look so let me be
clear on a couple of things one I like
Amazon me too I like tacos right so okay
they got good shows my wife shops there
about three times a day okay so but just
cuz that like Amazon doesn't mean they
shouldn't pay their taxes and just
because I want them to pay their taxes
doesn't mean we have to hate them so er
Jackson our producer this morning made a
excellent point he's like I like Wesley
Snipes that doesn't mean he shouldn't
pay his taxes right right but just like
Wesley Snipes luckily all the Amazon
executives are now in jail oh right
they're not because they're a
corporation they can get away with
anything and like all other corporations
of course they have contributed to
politicians so they're free to go right
and and remember when it comes to
individuals there aren't necessarily the
same types of loopholes that
corporations get to take advantage of so
yes the the problem is that corporations
like Amazon are not paying their fair
share in taxes but the real issue is the
way the tax code is written and that tax
code was only made worse by the Trump
administration so they are able to avoid
paying these taxes because of the perks
that politicians create for them yeah so
give you a bunch of legitimate
illegitimate ways of avoiding a tax if
you're a corporation yes there are
legitimate things like depreciating your
assets and there is real accounting
reasons to do that and then there are
illegitimate things like hiding all your
money in Luxembourg Ireland and the
Netherlands those are the three main
countries they do it with and and and
then they get enormous tax breaks from
those countries etc now we could easily
stop that but our politicians are bought
by these guys they're wholly owned by
their corporate sponsors so of course
they're never gonna do that and so look
that brings me to the second point I
wanted to make overall which is that I'm
not mad at you Amazon look I get it
you're want to maximize your profit so
we you went and greased every politician
you need dude just like every other
company and you said hey lower my taxes
and let and create these giant loopholes
where I could drive a Mack truck through
and they did it for you well it's our
fault for allowing that that's insanity
if you don't get the money out of
politics every single corporation will
buy it nearly every single politician
and then when like so just getting mad
about it afterwards doesn't do you any
good what you need to do is fight back
right it's not fight back like oh I'm
gonna smash an Amazon it's fight back to
get money out of politics so they can't
rig the rules on their behalf because
they have to they have to maximize
profit so of course they will they'd be
crazy not to buy politicians but we
shouldn't have an auction we should have
a democracy I absolutely agree with you
and I want to add two more things that
Americans should be concerned about when
it comes to Amazon and other
corporations are guilty of doing the
same thing so this is you know I don't
want it to seem like we're only hyper
focused on Amazon a lot of these
corporations behave in a similar way
because they're able to do so because of
our corrupt politicians and our corrupt
political system now keep in mind that
the argument is if you give corporations
like Amazon a tax cut well they're gonna
create more jobs which by the way in
this case yes they are expanding they're
creating more jobs in the United States
but there are always twists to those
stories so here's the twist with Amazon
right now they're like we're thinking
about building a new facility right and
and so now every state is like we'll
give you bigger tax cuts we're gonna all
give you bigger tax cuts so there's all
these like sweetheart deals being
proposed because people are desperately
trying to get Amazon to build those
Fitz's facilities in their state and
that is not the right way to go about
things I mean look at how much they're
getting away with not paying their fair
share in federal taxes and this would
make the situation even worse when it
comes to state and local taxes the
second thing I wanted to bring up is the
of pay or compensation for their workers
the state of Ohio has Amazon facilities
operating in their state and they did an
analysis of Amazon employees to see what
percentage of them are on government
programs ok like snap or food stamps and
they found that one in ten Amazon
workers in their state relies on some
sort of government assistance or food
stamps so that is a huge issue when you
are a company that's bringing in 5.6
billion dollars in profits no one who
works for you should have to rely on
government aid so we're subsidizing them
in the form of these gigantic tax cuts
and we're also you know providing relief
for their employees who they refuse to
give a living wage to so again that's
why I talked about systemic change and
money in politics because that's the
root cause so thinking that a company
will be patriotic and pay their taxes
voluntarily is preposterous of course
they're not going to do that what are
they going to do instead they're gonna
squeeze every nickel they can other
government whether it is in getting
subsidies etc like the oil companies do
whether it's saying that the government
is are not not allowed to negotiate with
them on prices like the drug companies
do or taxes like Amazon they're also
going to squeeze every dollar and nickel
they can out of their employees because
every nickel you make is a nickel they
don't make so they're gonna squeeze and
squeeze until you have to go on
government handouts not handouts but
assistance right and so when you go on
to government assistance which the
Republicans are looking to cut every day
right then we all have to pay the bill
but Amazon doesn't pay the bill now if
you're a amoral public corporation this
we wrote the laws saying you must do
this so why don't we now change and fix
the laws saying no don't do that these
corporations were not created by a deity
they were created by us we wrote the
laws but they're now out of control
runaway robots and now the politicians
say oh there's nothing we
do corporate corporations are people my
friend no they're not in fact they
squeeze every dollar they can out of
every person cuz that's what we told
them to do wolf dash pack.com you got to
get the money out if you don't get the
money out we're screwed on every one of
these issues and no Amazon is is not
unique in this case but it is a
particularly egregious example five
point six billion dollars and they paid
nothing in taxes you paid more in taxes
than a company that made a profit of
five point six billion dollars gee I
wonder if the corporations have rigged
the rules in their favor what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
