when Trump rolls out his budget
proposals one thing that really stands
out to some Americans is the fact that
he would like to eliminate all funding
for the arts specifically the National
Endowment for the Arts the Heritage
Foundation thinks that it should be
defunded a lot of conservatives think
it's a waste of taxpayer money and so a
criticism you hear a lot from the right
in regard to the left is that they want
taxpayer funded art and it's not fair
money should not go toward that now Sean
Hannity wanted to make that point by
highlighting a conservative artist and
then asking whether or not liberals
would like their tax payer money to go
toward that form of art now the artist
is Jim McNaughton and he recently
painted an image that kind of he felt
passionately about because of the NFL
kneeling protests now I don't want to
put words in his mouth I want you to
hear from the artist himself and then
we'll put Hannity in the mix take a look
football season we witnessed the NFL
players kneeling to the national anthem
and I don't know about you but it just
really offended me when I considered
what that flag represents and the way
that the NFL supported those players and
letting them do that so when President
Trump chose to speak out against their
actions a lot of people said well that's
unbecoming of a president he shouldn't
do that my opinion is it is exactly what
a president should do to stand up for
American values for that I cheer him
and in my mind I envisioned the
president standing on a football field
after he's picked up the shredded
trampled grass stained American flag and
he holds it up to his chest and he
attempts to clean it with a rag okay
wait a minute
okay first of all I was I had seen a
smaller picture version of that picture
and I was like why is the president
using the American flag as his blankie
okay
then there's he has an actual blankie as
well yeah it's weird what a weird
picture of like oh okay so so let me
explain the the painting a little bit
yes he has a tattered flag and then he
has what appears to be a blankie in his
other hand and he's kind of holding
everything together it's actually a rag
that he's using to clean the flag that's
that's what the if you say so man my
daughter is a blankie just like that by
the way I think this this art is fine
it's political art you know he has
beliefs that I don't agree with but do
you boo you know I'm not hating on him
this is what he feels passionately about
this is how he expresses it I'm fine
with that that's fine okay again we
disagree but this story gets better so
okay before we get to the fun stuff look
Hannity thinks he's being clever and
proving a point yeah like so what yeah
you mean if that was the official
portion of Trump of course we'd pay for
it every president has an official
portrait right if and if it was accepted
in whatever process that people use to
for the endowment of the Arts and of
course we'd pay for it and so but he
thinks that were a special snowflake
like him exactly if he saw a thing like
that of Obama he'd big oh my god my
feelings are hurt I think it's a funny
picture of the president holding a
blankie won by the way ours is supposed
to be up for interpretation so that's
your interpretation again to the artist
you do you do you boo and same to you
Jake okay so now what did Sean Hannity
do and what was the response this is the
part that I absolutely love so he tweets
that video that we just showed you and
he includes the message the left loves
aren't an especially taxpayer-funded art
that is provocative let's get there
reaction to this so hey I'm sorry just
I'm sorry Anna look I think there's some
chance McNaughton is trolling Trump he
looks like the baby that he is in that
picture I mean sad baby I mean he acts
like a petulant child I think I'm
holding not one but two blankies it's
not it's not a far-fetched idea I mean
all funder right now for me you want me
to do a GoFundMe for me it's not even
that Trump is holding the flag and that
rag is if they're blankies it's the
expression on his face he looks dazed
and confused
so okay make sense all right now the
reaction to Hannity by the way could we
put Hannity's tweet up again I don't
know why left is in quotation marks I
don't know why provocative so is he
talking about the list is he saying
provocative like sincerely I I don't
know what any of this means but here's
the reaction to it which is what I
absolutely loved so Chris Hayes it had
my favorite reaction he was like this is
literally the most beautiful thing I've
ever seen thank you for sharing like
that like the really angry bitter right
we actually have a sense of humor yeah
yeah so John Novak had my second
favorite tweet looks like the American
flag might have a $130,000 check from
Michael Cohen coming her way
oh Jesus yeah yeah I thought it was
gonna be the 22nd person that came
forward let's hear from Sarah Sarah
tweeted TFW you don't know how to clean
a flag because he looks dazed and
confused
the feels when that's what TF W stands
for another tweeter wrote he looks
disoriented scared and possibly like
he's had a stroke
this artist is a genius who has captured
the true essence of Trump but I'm just
like I kind of think so I do I don't
know if he meant it or if it was
subconscious or he's trolling him but I
would make that official towards inner
Trump it's just it's too good and then
one more one more tweet new John
McNaughton painting bewildered old man
wanders on to football field carrying
his blanket
totally that's exactly what that victory
anyway and of course people then took
out the American flag put in a Russian
flag yeah that was so I love the
reaction to it and I'm not a huge fan of
these like Twitter beefs and like ah
yeah you got told on Twitter but this
was told if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
