back in 2014 Jennifer Lawrence was one
of the victims of a celebrity nude
hacking scandal her nude pictures were
act and bread all throughout the
Internet that incident was unfortunately
referred to as the fappening and
Jennifer Lawrence felt violated by it as
you know most women would it was
completely understandable that she felt
that way now fast-forward to 2018 and
she is about to appear in her very first
nude scene in the movie red sparrow now
in red sparrow Jennifer Lawrence plays a
Russian ballerina turned assassin who
uses her sexuality for espionage the
film requires her to go nude the trailer
looks pretty amazing so I wanted to toss
to that and and kind of give you an idea
of what the film is like and then we'll
discuss her decision to go nude in the
scene take a look from this day forward
you will become space-weapons in a
global struggle for power you'll be
trained in psychological manipulation we
must learn to push yourself beyond all
limitation take off your clothes
when we are finished with you the person
you were in a long do exist
every human being is a puzzle of need we
must become the missing piece and they
will tell you anything you have a gift
don't know how to survive
this is what you were meant to doing she
was a little worried about going nude
for two different reasons reason number
one she didn't really want to go nude
she was uncomfortable with it but that's
what the movie required and then when
she finally did make the decision to go
along with it she was worried that
people would consider her a hypocrite so
let me give you her exact statements
that she provided to Vanity Fair she
said I tried to do the movie without
nudity but realized it just wouldn't be
right to put the character through
something that I myself am not willing
to go through and she said my biggest
fear was that people would say oh how
can you complain about the hack if
you're going to get nude anyway so I
can't believe people can't make the
distinction one incident occurred
without her consent where she was
violated something was stolen from her
and pasted all over the Internet the
second situation was one in which she is
consenting did consent and based on her
decision will appear nude in a film it's
something that she has ownership of and
has taken control of that's completely
different from being violated and having
something stolen from you and put on the
Internet yes look are they're hypocrites
on similar issues sure like there's some
families that were the last thing that
rhymes with far - Ian that go and take
nude pictures and videos all over the
place and then when they leak then go oh
my god I can't believe anyone would look
at that no but wait it by it appears you
leaked it right so that is massively
different in her in Jennifer Lawrence's
case it was private pictures that she
had sent to other people in very private
moments that is not the same as doing a
movie for her job and besides which this
is so obvious guys okay so let's take
this situation well okay somebody is
either in a movie or maybe they are even
a dancer and and and they you can see
them nude and named consent does that
mean you're allowed to go up to their
house and look in their window no it
doesn't mean that right okay those are
two totally different situations yeah
another another scenario if you want to
take you know the sexual content out of
it
let's say a representative from some
organization maybe a charity decides to
steal money from you take money from you
to fund their charity but then you have
incidents where you have decided to
donate to charities you've consented to
join like there's a difference there one
is stealing taking something from you
without your consent
the other is willingly you know making a
conscious decision to give to an
organization so I just I feel like the
people who make the argument that you
know well she's gonna appear knew it
anyway so what's the big deal they're
being disingenuous you know that there's
a huge difference there when it comes to
your body when it comes to you know the
most private intimate moments of your
life you wouldn't want those moments
violated everyone you know can relate to
feeling disturbed by having something
like that taken from them so I respect
her for making the decision it's her
decision to make and even if she is
concerned about the hip people calling
her a hypocrite or you know going after
her for her decision
do you like don't worry about them the
naysayers will always exist I know she's
watching this right now she really cares
about what I have to say by the way can
I just say Jennifer Lawrence is fighting
to get money out of politics so she I
can't respect her enough I mean she's
going around the country lecturing about
it and fighting corruption in our system
so she's a wonderful person in that
sense and and courageous in that sense
let alone in this sense so bless her
heart for doing all the right things if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
