First Lady Melania Trump has decided to
part ways with a longtime friend who was
given a contract to provide party
planning for Donald Trump's inauguration
Stephanie Winston will cough is the name
of this events organizer and according
to the New York Times her firm which was
created only a couple of weeks prior to
the inauguration was awarded 26 million
dollars for event planning by the
nonprofit group that oversaw Trump's
inauguration and surrounding events in
January of 2017 once that report came
out the Trump's were allegedly furious
about it Donald Trump was also enraged
to learn that miss Winston wolcoff
brought an associate David Monde to help
plan inaugural events
mr. man's firm was paid 3.7 million
according to a tax filing by the
nonprofit group the 58th Presidential
Inaugural committee so any contracts
that wolcoff had with the Trump
administration has now been terminated
and the accusations or the claims are
that the Trump administration didn't
know about this gigantic deal that she
had gotten the 26 million dollars
Stephanie Winston will wolcoff says that
not all that money went to her in fact
they had to provide satellites for
broadcasting and all sorts of expensive
things related to the inauguration the
firm retained a total of one point six
two million for all of its consulting
and creative services which was divided
among our staff and 15 members including
myself the firm which had been created
only weeks prior to the inauguration
submitted all of our records fully
audited to the inauguration committee
nearly one full year ago in March of
2017 okay so let's talk about the
absurdity of the Trump administration
claiming they didn't know this is a
really good friend of Melania Trump and
one of our top advisors for a long time
so who was a good friend of mine a lot
of folks Anna Junior Jimmy said let's
say yeah one randomly Jimmy door okay
imagine I'm president we're already
having fun and I'm gonna have my
inauguration and Jimmy door sets up a
company you're a couple of weeks before
the inauguration I think it's a 26
million dollar contract
and then they go no Jake didn't know
anything about that it's just a
coincidence he's happy to set up our
company and then happy to get a twenty
six million dollar contract without Jake
knowing anything about it now look just
a couple of different ways they could
have done it
Trump could awarded it Melania could
have ordered it and Trump could be
enraged that mahadji hoarded even got
him in trouble or they couldn't let it
be known that Miss wolcoff is a friend
and then the underlings are like me in
order to get done the contracts right
yeah and and remember the inauguration
didn't last that long there was not much
time between the election and the
inauguration just a couple of months so
they just find a way to spend this money
and and so if you say like look man
adding your chairs they have to put them
into the party right okay they're a hard
cost but I saw an earlier article that
explained what the heart causes I don't
want that much now there's plenty that
goes into plenty and they're not the
only ones who did it there's a lot of
other planning companies they use as
well but most of the money went towards
advising and strategy and consulting how
much can you consult over a couple of
months over where to put the chairs yeah
okay you everyone with any sense knows
what happened to you yeah I mean and and
look I all you can really do at this
point is speculate the extent to which
Melania Trump or Donald Trump really
knew about how much she was being
awarded but the person who's taking
responsibility is Thomas Brock Jr who is
a longtime friend of the Trump's he's a
real estate investor and he claimed that
he was the one who signed wolcoff on to
this job it just it all seems very fishy
but anyway her contract has been
terminated with the White House well why
did they terminate it if they're they
didn't do anything wrong right I'm
surprised didn't go with the usual Trump
thing of she denies it she strongly
denies it okay so by the way this the
reason Thomas Barak has taken a fall
here is because number one it is true
that he's was coordinating a lot of this
number two he's incredibly wealthy and
is not part of the government so he's
like yeah so what
I'm my own boss right and and he's
really good friends with trouble that's
probably why he gave milania's good
friend at 26 billion dollar contract
right he didn't have to tell him wink
wink
he already knew the wink wink part right
and so now the only reason that they
sever the con is severed the
relationship is because they got their
hand caught in the cookie jar
otherwise you know the next time they
needed to throw a party there was gonna
be probably a lot of million dollar
thinking that needed to go behind that
party if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
