Senate lawmakers in Georgia have voted
overwhelmingly in favor for a bill that
would allow adoption agencies to deny
adoption to gay couples
if they cite religious reasons for that
denial the Georgia Senate approved that
bill that allows adoption agencies to
use a religion as justification to deny
gay couples the legislation which is
referred to as Senate bill 375 would
ensure that taxpayer-funded adoption
agencies can turn away married gay
couples seeking to adopt children from
foster care so the Senate bill passed 35
to 19 and of course the house would have
to vote for it and then the governor
would have to sign it in order for it to
be written into law in the state but
adoption agencies already have the
ability to refuse to do business with
gay couples but this legislation would
insulate agencies from future changes in
state policy now what that means is that
currently as the state stands they don't
have laws protecting gay couples from
discrimination the worry by
conservatives is that in the future
there will be such protections for gay
people and if that type of protection
exists then religious people can't
discriminate against them and so they
want to create those protections now
preemptively well my heart does go out
to them they would like the freedom to
take away your freedom and I can't
believe we're discriminating against
them that way this is so stupid
okay so let's go over a couple things
first of all I thought this was just
about cakes oh all of a sudden it's not
just about baking cakes now that you got
to look an inch you'd like to take a
mile and say hey I'd like to block you
from having a family well that seems to
be substantially more than a cake and
it's worse than that it's worse than
that so yes the discrimination toward
gay couples is terrible as it is but
these are kids who need homes they need
homes and you're gonna deny a loving
home to these kids because you hate gay
people it's just so sad it's so first of
all they force women to have babies that
they don't want to have and they'll say
well you can put up things you could put
these bay
up for adoption okay so then once
they're up for adoption and they need
homes
you're gonna go ahead and pick and
choose where these kids go based on your
religious morality I mean come on it's
it's just it's damaging to so many
people and hopefully the governor
doesn't sign this legislation into law
if the house also votes in favor of it
well I know that they're against Sharia
law because that is enforcing your
religion upon others huh that's
interesting now I know they're against
Muslims because they they're worried
that fundamentalist Muslims don't
respect gay rights I love when
conservatives make that argument like
you give a damn about gay rights please
I mean come on find a better excuse to
hate Muslims okay can you imagine if
there is a Muslim run adoption agency
and a heterosexual couple shows up they
want to adopt some children and the
people running this adoption agency to
tell the woman you're not wearing a
headscarf you're not modest enough so
we're gonna deny you hey you know what
we think you are we think you're a
so we're not gonna give you this baby
and imagine that the state sanctions
that oh now you see what like
sounds pretty are you kidding me they're
judging all gay people for their entire
lives for their identity and they're
saying you are morally inferior so we
would not so we can't trust a baby or a
kid to your care does it get any worse
than that what what happened I thought
it was just supposed to be about cakes
and finally I've got to make the point
that I always make on this issue read
the Bible in the Bible God and Yahweh
etc or against a lot of things including
eating shrimp it's in Leviticus right
next to don't lie with a man so now I
guess we've got a Red Lobster they can
say I'm sorry can't serve you the shrimp
I can't serve you the lobster I can't
serve you the clams I can't serve you
any of the shellfish because you're a
deeply immoral person
for eating shrimp except that of course
they don't say that they pick and choose
so understand that when you are blocking
gay couples from adopting kids you're
not doing it because of the Bible
because there's a lot of things in the
Bible you don't follow at all you don't
follow a majority of it so read it
you'll see you don't do you sprinkle
goat blood in the corners of the temple
now you don't follow so much of the
Bible but you choose to follow the
hateful part so look into yourself and
figure out why you're making those
choices and while you're doing it while
in in our government that's a different
situation you want to sprinkle goat
blood have at it Hoss you want to hate
different sets of people and you want to
do it in your backyard have at it Hoss
it is a free country but not in our
government so everyone should fight back
and when they kidnap our government to
enforce their form of Sharia law they
should all be voted out of office you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
