Jared Kushner apparently in some degree
of trouble here he is not going to be
able to access some of the top
information that we have in the US
government because there has been
something wrong in his security
clearance so let me tell you the
breaking news from today and then I will
fill in why that's the case and then
tell you about some of the White House
drama that caused it Jared Kushner as a
near Times reports the president's
son-in-law and senior advisor has been
stripped of his high-level security
clearance after months of delays in
completing an exhaustive background
check limiting his ability to view
highly classified information a White
House official another person familiar
with mr. Krishna's situations said New
York Times goes on to say that mr.
Kushner has had his top-secret clearance
reduced to secret in his portfolio
specifically in regard to Foreign
Affairs is expected to be reduced as
well so that is very important news
because he was in charge of huge swaths
of American foreign policy including
peace in the Middle East good luck with
that and China just enormous chunks of
our foreign policy and now it's not
clear whether he can do those jobs with
the security clearance being lowered so
there's two different reasons why it was
lowered one is the official reason
that's true and two is politics and
drama so let's do the first one first
official reason for that we go to the
Washington Post officials in at least
four countries have privately discussed
ways they can manipulate Jared Kushner
the president's son-in-law and senior
advisor by taking advantage of his
complex business arrangements financial
difficulties and lack of foreign
experience so these are people in the
intelligence community talking to the
Washington Post and saying he doesn't
know what he's doing
we have four different countries that
say they'd love to take advantage of him
and are working on it plus he owes a lot
of money to a lot of people this is
deeply problematic let me give you more
details among those nations discussing
ways to influence Kushner to their
advantage where the United Arab Emirates
China Israel and Mexico the current and
former officials said obviously very
problematic if you're in charge of
dealing
with Palestine in Israel and Israel's
trying to find a way to take advantage
of you
that could be a problem let alone the
fact that we really want one of our top
officials in the White House to have to
be beholden to the United Arab Emirates
that's really what we want or China okay
HR McMaster president Trump's national
security adviser learned that Kushner
had contacts with foreign officials that
he did not coordinate through the
National Security Council or officially
report and this is one of the things
that troubled the intelligence officials
and the National Security Administration
which is wait a minute why are you not
reporting these contacts that you'd be
idle with these foreign officials
because if you're on the up-and-up
okay look you got troubles with debt and
you got all these conflicts of interest
but at least tell us you're going to
have the meeting if you're not telling
us you're going out of the meeting uh-oh
that means it's something worse so
Kirchner has repeatedly amended a forum
detailing his contacts with foreign
persons not fully disclosing foreign
contacts ordinarily would result in a
clearance being denied experts said now
of course is a preposterous situation
where he's the son-in-law of the
president so normally any other person
wouldn't have a security clearance
brought down he'd just be denied no
you're not getting security clearance
given what you've been up to and how
many times you lied on your forms about
who you met with a new who you didn't
meet with one of them was a Russian
official about banks not having to do
with collusion necessarily but he's
trying to get a loan from Qatar from
China or have him or have them buy his
properties one that's in deep trouble
and and up to his neck in debt that's
his family's property on 666 Fifth
Avenue and so but he doesn't tell you
that he met with the Russian banker or
some of those other guys that's what
triggers the national security folks to
go wait a minute that's deeply
problematic okay finally officials in
the White House we're concerned that
Kushner was quote naive and being
tricked in conversations with foreign
officials some of whom said they wanted
to deal only with Kirchner directly in
other words they tell Kushner oh you're
so important Jared that's why we want to
cut out all those other in people that
would
muck up the deal here well you and I
should just meet and make a deal
personally and charge like okay I'm the
important one I'm gonna go have a secret
meeting and everybody else is like oh
yeah yeah yeah so he's both corrupt and
an idiot look I'm not the one who took
down a security clearance
it was the Trump administration so
apparently they believe is perfectly
legitimate and it is a real issue okay
so now that brings us to the
behind-the-scenes politics here media
reporting as for Kushner he feels that
and this was even before the security
clearance was lowered he feels John
Kelly the Shiva staff is at least
somewhat responsible for his lack of a
full security clearance Kirchner has
been waiting more than a year to be
cleared and thinks he's being slow
rolled by Kelly's cronies that last
parts of quote
well John Kelly and Kushner and Ivanka
have been having a turf war inside the
White House looks like Kushner just lost
that war to some degree but he'll be
back so Kelly senator memo this month
that he would limit the number of people
operating in the White House without
permanent clearances and apparently he
just did so that's a strike against
Kushner apparently clearly from John
Kelly the chief of staff Kelly
reportedly said that first daughter
Ivanka Trump was quote playing
government in a very high-stakes
situation involving North Korea a
hostile nuclear-armed foreign power
that's when she went to the Olympics now
when I saw that quote in the press I was
surprised
so look John Kelly might privately think
that but why is he letting people know
and making fun of Ivanka Trump like
saying a playing house or playing
government that's curious it turns out I
was the only one that found that curious
a B Stoddard went on CNN and said this
the idea that this would leak means he's
either trying to lose his job that he's
having these conversations with people
that he knows will leak this or he's
being set up and I would put nothing
past this West Wing in terms of their
Hunger Games so there's a war going on
inside the White House in the Oval
Office and
and Stoddard explains that Kelly's been
trying to break Trump's reliance on
Ivanka and Jared Kushner the whole time
that he's been there because he keeps
asking his family for advice but they
don't know anything all they know is of
course their own financial dealings but
they have no expertise on almost any of
these issues but Stoddard says about
Trump and his reliance on on Ivanka and
Jared quote it's impenetrable he leads
on them entirely and I think that the
chief of staff was willing to put up
with that and he can't take it anymore
and that means he's probably going to
leave so this play is not over yet
so Kushner is down but he's not out and
at the end of the day might be John
Kelly who leaves now as part of those
shenanigans you then have a quote of a
friend of Trump who talks to Vanity Fair
and and and says volunteers why he
thinks Trump is not getting rid of John
Kelly he says because the president
quote doesn't have the balls to fire
Kelly that's why now you don't put that
quote out there in the press unless
you're trying to get John Kelly fired so
that's not a friend who called up and
was like Oh golly gee willikers I think
Trump is a coward no he's putting that
quote out there and whoever's doing it
so that Trump can go what John killer
thinks I don't have the balls well ok
then I'm gonna fire him right away right
and the Trump has done that over and
over again and he's easily manipulated
so this round goes to John Kelly but if
I was him I'd watch out for the uppercut
because it looks like it might be coming
soon as well you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
