rajat paya is the chairman of the FCC
they're the ones that just took away net
neutrality and he was the one that
pushed for that movement net neutrality
guaranteed freedom on the internet and
equality so no one site could get slowed
down whether it's an entertainment side
of sports site a political side whether
it's right-wing or left-wing all the web
sites had to be treated equally now they
don't the the government is no longer
protecting its citizens they have handed
over the Internet to for-profit
corporations Verizon Comcast AT&T etc
your internet providers now those
internet providers are going to do what
they're going to maximize profit that's
their job you can't blame them for it
and so one of the ways they're gonna do
that isn't going to favor themselves
they're gonna disfavor
other web sites that might be
competitive to them then they're gonna
charge more money for some of the sites
to be faster and if you don't pay the
ransom then it's gonna be slower it is a
disaster and it is a bipartisan disaster
so if you're a right-wing website those
corporations do not like a lot of your
positions you alien it alienate a lot of
their customers and they're not happy
with that you're in a world of trouble
now you got a bunch of right-wing hacks
online not even a bunch only a couple
who are lying to you I don't know where
they're getting their money etc you
should look into that but you've got the
been Shapiro's and the steven crowder
saying how taking your freedom away from
the internet that's wonderful what a
wonderful thing to happen right oh
they're gonna block some sites that slow
down some sites
that's called freedom baby okay so it's
preposterous but it doesn't matter the
overwhelming majority of your online
realize yeah the internet it should be
kept as it is now it's fine leave it
alone leave it alone get your dirty
hands off of our Internet okay
so now of course the Republican Party
that takes bribes I mean campaign
donations from those companies think
well of course Verizon and Comcast and
these lovely companies who've given us
millions of dollars in donations would
be better equipped to handle the
Internet and I'm sure they would do it
for all of our benefit and not just for
their bottom line come on
man even if you're a Republican how
could you possibly believe that of
course a corporation they must serve
their bottom line it's a fiduciary
responsibility to serve their bottom
line so of course they're not gonna look
out for you or the internet they're
gonna look out for themselves so that's
all fine but you know we know about
corruption both the Republican level and
yes plenty on the Democratic level but
CPAC is supposed to be grassroots that's
the the conservatives that get together
every year and they did this year and
they say oh you know we're grassroots go
let's go get em cuz Sur principles and
philosophy so what do they do
of course they sold out so now they're
going around going man wouldn't it be
great if these corporations can decide
what's slow and what's fast and what
exists and what doesn't exist on the
internet not only that they give a jet
pie perhaps the most hated man on the
internet a Courage Award in fact
randomly weirdly CPAC then introduced
the NRA what what is why right maybe
because a jet pi shot and killed the
internet so the nra is like wait I got
this step aside butch so they gave him
the childhood has to encourage under
fire award Dan Schneider who's executive
director of the American Conservative
Union that puts on CPAC said a GTI as
you probably already know save the
Internet see the internet from what this
right here it was doing fine then he
went on to say occupy is the most
courageous heroic person that I know
well why would he have to be courageous
and heroic if he did something that's
popular wooden shouldn't we be throwing
roses at his feet if the entire internet
was happy about what I did pi did in it
and he had liberated us in fact we're
gonna get to that in a second and you're
gonna love those quotes but let me give
you the full context here here's a bunch
of people that came out there and they
actually a award them this giant must
get a rifle or something and they're
like don't worry we'll give it to you
later okay
so here they are doing this incredibly
awkward or Ajit PI is the most
courageous heroic person that I know the
charlatan has
and courage under fire award is
sponsored by the National Rifle
Association this award which is not
given every year only with someone that
stood up under pressure with grace and
dignity and principled discipline the
awardees have included the people like
Rush Limbaugh Phyllis Schlafly Roy
Innings vice president Mike Pence and
Sheriff David Clarke
cheering and hi we were giving you a
really great award today we cannot bring
it on stage when you can receive it
we'll give it to you
it's a Kentucky handmade long gun and
you'll love it guns keep everyone safe
err but we can't bring it on stage
because we might all get shot okay by
the way the people she listed was like
the douchebag Hall of Fame I mean hey
boy there is not a list on the planet
I'd rather less beyond than that one on
Rush Limbaugh's Sheriff David Clarke who
let people died as prisons and Roy it is
and all these horrible horrible people
Mike Pence anyway but here comes the fun
part
so apparently occupy did all of this for
us now the entire to the internet hates
him because he's actually getting
freedom away from the internet that's
why they gave him a award for courage to
stand up to almost everyone in the
country and and and of course stand up
against them and in favor of what a
coincidence his former employer Verizon
that funneled in millions of dollars to
politicians who put him in the office
how courageous anyway whose Schneider
again talking about that as soon as
President Trump came into office
President Trump asked Ajit PI to
liberate the Internet and give it back
to you
hmm I feel like I've heard that
somewhere before
maybe here and giving it back to you
there's a people no not quite it let's
try this one give it to you
the people
by the way he is next year's recipient
of that same award we deliberate the
Internet and give it back to you the
people thank you so much we really
appreciate it what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm / join
