on the issue of the the Russian
investigation that Special Counsel
Robert Muller is doing well there's some
chance Donald Trump's in a little bit of
trouble here based on this latest events
so let me explain what those are now
Rick gates do you remember him he was
that the top partner for a Paul Manafort
Paul might afford obviously the campaign
manager at Donald Trump through most of
his campaign
man of Ford enormous ly corrupt dozens
of charges against them by the way to be
fair mainly fourth stuff he did before
the Trump campaign and and the money
laundering etc that he did for some
Russian oligarchs he's in a world of
trouble
and they already have the paper records
so mana four is toast and so is Rick
Gates because he was up to his neck in
the same thing mana four negates worthy
of it now a case was also part of the
Trump campaign in fact after mana four
left a trump campaign gates stayed on
and gates went into the transition and
even into the White House
now Gates has turned and is working with
a special counsel so let me give you
details and there's a twist here that's
really important that happened right now
special counsel robert muller and his
legal team has moved to drop charges
that were brought last week in an
expansive superseding indictment against
roy gates the 32 count indictment issued
in the Eastern District of Virginia
accused gates attacks and bank fraud why
would they drop all those charges he was
in cahoots with manna for tea clearly
did it that's a lot of really important
charges to drop there is an obvious
answer let's go to Axios for part of
this theory but you could actually read
any article they'll tell you the same
thing in any publication Muller's
decision to drop the more expansive
charges against gates suggests that he
may have provided good information for
Muller's probe look that's obvious it's
prosecutor 101 hey I'm gonna turn the
lower-level guy against the higher level
guy but wait are they turning in my mana
fort or someone else well Dan Abrams
legal expert and the guy who runs
a website on that and and talked about
it on ABC recently and he said the kinds
of crime Savannah Ford is charged with
these are document heavy crimes meaning
there's a lot of evidence there you
don't really need gates to be able to
prove the mana Ford case and he's the
founder of launder crime that covers
these legal issues so if they're not
using him for mana Ford who are they
using him for well that's pretty obvious
so if Gates has got the goods on Trump
and look it's not just a matter of if
and so I'll get back to it from one
second but there's no way Muller is
dropping all those indictments against
gates and letting him skate on that
stuff unless he gave him excellent
information there's not a prosecutor in
the country who would disagree with
disagree with that statement
so now you might say well you don't know
for sure that it's against Trump maybe
it's against Manta for maybe they're
just trying to double down on the
metaphor case hoping to break him
against Trump well look either way we're
gonna find out that gets to the if if it
turns out Gates has given Muller
everything and Trump didn't do it but
we'll find out if Gates has given Muller
and Trump did do it well he's given
Mullah everything so we're gonna find
out in fact a former Trump campaign
consultant said about gates and what he
had access to in the Trump campaign
quote he saw everything either way we'll
have our answer soon because Gates is
talking so whatever information he has
apparently the special counsel is
impressed enough to drop those charges
buckle up and this time
Trump team brace for impact if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
