President Trump will meet with members
of Congress on Wednesday to discuss gun
violence he met with the nation's
governors today on the same topic as
usual with such meetings not much
happened we can always hope but with few
exceptions the governors are not
expected to do much not until or unless
considerably more pressure is put on
them that pressure could come from the
stunning work of American children
fighting for their lives in less than
two weeks a handful of high school
students from parkland Florida have
inspired walk outs at schools around the
country and a national March planned for
the 24th one concessions on gun policy
from President Donald Trump Florida
Governor Rick Scott senator mark Rubio
and others sometimes face-to-face and
they have cost the NRA partnerships with
more than a dozen companies the NRA and
its backers have in return gone after
these children in some cases issuing
death threats it is beneath contempt and
accomplishes little but to illuminate
starkly who we are dealing with on both
sides and anyone who thinks that vile
rhetoric will scare off these young
people doesn't know America's young
people or America's history
if we are in the midst of a sea change
in America's attitude toward guns if
this is a tipping point in our tolerance
for massacres of children it will be
because of young people today's young
people are written off every day as
entitled social media junkies by
grown-ups who ignored global warning and
heightened economic inequality so we
should not be surprised to find the
young people setting about fixing
another problem that we let fester and
spread it should not be a surprise
because it's often young people who get
it right young people who desegregated
our schools holding textbooks closed as
grown-ups shrieked hatred and rage young
people led the Children's Crusade in
Birmingham Alabama and were met with
violence
three young people were murdered in
Mississippi fighting for voting rights
young people marched for civil rights
against Vietnam for AIDS patients for
gay rights against the Iraq war against
Wall Street for women for black lives
throughout our modern history young
people have led while grown-ups fearful
of change or crippled by compromise and
complacency dismissed and ridiculed
young people and ultimately followed
them
is both pests that victims of injustice
and survivors of trauma so often bear
the burden of making this a more perfect
union and it is grotesque how seldom we
listen when they are not young people
too often we demand purity from those
who seek change we look for ulterior
motives anything to undermine that call
for action only the innocent enjoy the
presumption of innocence so when
political figures like James Brady or
Gabby Giffords are shot they are
instantly marginalized when young black
people fight guns on the streets of
Chicago or misuse of them in the hands
of police they are ignored or defamed
the Parkland students mostly look like
the NRA that is they're too young to
fight too mainstream for the right to
question them that's why their attackers
target their authenticity it is their
weapon and their armor so the NRA will
continue to chip away at their sincerity
and their motives hoping to erode their
power over time because every
generations fight is a desperate race to
achieve progress before their activism
is turned against them as proof of bias
so we owe it to them to keep paying
attention to them to repeal the attacks
on them and to expand the circle of
voices we listen to
black kids fighting for their lives
latino kids fighting for their homes
transgender kids fighting for their
identities gay kids Muslim kids even 86
year old kids the lesson apartment is
bigger than just guns the lesson is to
stop judging our warriors for change
based on who they are and start joining
them based on what they stand for
the NRA s greatest ally on this
generational battle is time will see the
gun lobby trying to defuse the mounting
pressure by beginning discussion on
marginal tweaks to our gun laws they'll
talk about it at least we'll see the NRA
digging his heels to wait out the moment
in which we find ourselves to counteract
the momentum that might otherwise make
this a tipping point and we'll see a
jujitsu of sorts as the gun lobby turns
the threat of guns into a rallying cry
for more guns more police and a more
militant nation all of which require
time all of which put off a day of real
meaningful change slow everything down
where everyone else wind up where you
were before we're seeing it play out
already President Trump is talking about
possibly banning bump socks he's looking
at background checks and limiting gun
ownership based on mental illness or age
that's what he says anyway the
willingness to talk is admirable but
these measures won't stop the scourge of
automatic rifles for example they won't
end our epidemic of suicides accidental
shootings or asinine stand-your-ground
killings
none of it prevents leaders including
President Trump from turning our schools
into fortresses
Trump suggesting that one out of five
teachers carry a gun in our classrooms
there are effective approaches New York
City has gun laws that are tough and
effective very effective we could ban
automatic and semi-automatic weapons
ultimately the surest path is simply to
repeal the Second Amendment it has been
reinterpreted in ways this authors never
imagined as a guarantee of individual
gun rights and has become a kind of Holy
Scripture against which no blasphemy may
stand
I don't see repeal happening in this
generation
our America is a gun culture and not
likely to abandon this Gospels but if
all we see is delay and incremental
change to our gun laws the question is
simple will today's young people sit
still for that or take direct aim at the
Legal Foundation for so-called gun
rights it's hard to imagine even this
generation of motivated young people
accomplishing something so seemingly
impossible then again that's what young
people do on CNN this sunday i sat with
parkland survivor
David Hope and we discussed this very
question whether he and his peers have
the staying power they need to effect
real change those forces who oppose what
you're speaking of they're depending on
you wearing out getting distracted
moving on to other things that's their
bet and I mean that's kind of what the
Florida legislators we're doing they're
trying to make us forget there's a
reason why only one Republican lawmaker
at this Florida State House met with us
it's because they want I think that they
want these people to forget they wanted
to just get reelected through name
recognition and you income it's the
advantage and that's what they're trying
to do and we're not gonna let that
happen I don't know whether David and
other students at Parkland and around
the country will succeed but every
generation astonishes its elders with
what they achieve and I do believe that
this generation will try their damndest
that they will not go silent the true
test here is
we listen
you know as we watch one company after
another cut ties with the NRA it's
tempting to believe it's financial
resources or withering away Delta and
United Airlines are gone
Avis hurts Enterprise rent-a-car MetLife
and Chubb insurance under pressure from
survivors of the Parkman school shooting
those companies and others along with
countless individuals are rethinking
their relationship to a group that used
to be bipartisan that used to be about
firearms safety but the NRA is so
entwined with our economy and our
politics that it draws us funding in
ways we never see from sources we never
imagined last week we told you about
Blackrock the big hedge fund investing
in gun makers but if you follow the
money trail to the NRA s big individual
backers it turns out one of them made
their fortune in part off the deadly
epidemic of painkiller addiction
the NRA s website spotlights a handful
of donors called ring of freedom members
one of them is Susie Brewster co-founder
of the NRA s Women's Leadership Forum
wouldn't it be much better to know what
to do if you were faced with a firearm
that you could defend so I believe that
the sole purpose of the NRA is
protecting the Second Amendment
you've just got to believe in that if
you believe in our Constitution believe
in America and we just have a lot of
personal responsibilities and that
Second Amendment is very important to me
right to be able to defend ourselves and
have firearms a former teacher from
Oklahoma she is married to a former in
are a board member bill Brewster bill
Brewster used to be a Democratic member
of Congress representing Oklahoma then
he became a lobbyist co-founder of
Capitol Hill Consulting Group Capitol
Hill consulting has taken in millions of
dollars from companies including Aetna
Cigna Eli Lilly and Equifax but one of
bill Brewster's clients in particular
jumps out his company is the lobbyist
for Purdue Pharma he personally lobbied
for Purdue former from 2003 through 2015
that's 12 years lobbying for the company
that created oxycontin and pushed it on
doctors and patients the company that
then hired lobbyists to block efforts to
fight the epidemic of painkiller abuse
and death
all told Purdue Pharma has paid Bruce's
company more than 1.6 million dollars we
don't know exactly what Brewster did for
Purdue to earn that money
it's 2003 registration form says and I
quote general pharmaceutical issues
unquote but later forms do list more
specifics about prescription drugs
including quote issues related to
prescription drug abuse
and then there's former Congresswoman
mary bono two years ago bono told
reporters about a meeting she had with a
Purdue lobbyist in 2010 about her stop
oxy abuse act bill to severely cut down
oxycontin prescriptions the lobbyist she
says threatened to pull produce funding
for drug abuse programs in her state
that lobbyists was Bill Brewster who
recalled the meeting as and I quote
cordial and constructive federal forums
show brochure was lobbying for Purdue at
the time including specifically the stop
oxy Abuse Act the bill died
last year and the Brewster's gave eighty
four thousand dollars in political
donations mostly to Republican
politicians who oppose gun control and
the packs they rely on
we contacted bill Brewster's lobbying
company to ask whether either of the
couple supports any gun control measures
being proposed by the parkland survivors
as a bear time we had received no
comment
the weekends release after white house
delays of the Democratic memo on the
FBI's Russia investigation is
underscoring concerns already raised in
quarters of both parties about the
fitness of Republican congressman Devin
Nunez to chair the House Intelligence
Committee and if the Democratic memo
didn't significantly heightened concerns
chairman Nunez did with his misleading
sometimes downright untruthful reaction
to it this weekend the Democratic
rebuttal known as the chief memo after
ranking Democratic member Adams shrift
effectively Dynamite's he claims Nunez
made to the American people in his own
memo and with them whatever credibility
chairman Nunez had left first consider
the most venomous claim in the Nunez
memo the claim that the Department of
Justice misled the judges of the secret
port that rules on wiretap warrants not
telling the court that one source was a
paid political operative set aside the
fact that chairman Nunez must surely
know that law enforcement uses biased
sources to toss people in jail every day
we still must confront the shift memo
revelation that the judges actually were
told that the source was paid by a law
firm quote likely looking for
information that could be used to
destroy at the Trump campaign in
response chairman Nunez shifted his
argument this weekend no longer claiming
that the FBI didn't disclose it now
complaining about how they disclosed it
in a footnote before the FISA Court they
had put in a very convoluted complicated
answer for something that was and it's
buried at the end okay of the of the
application about that this was
politically motivated and you can all
you guys will all be able to read it
shortly however wouldn't have been a lot
easier just to say hey mr. judge we want
to let you know
that the Hillary Clinton campaign and
the Democratic Party paid a lawyer who
hired a firm who hired a foreign agent
to go to Russians and get dirt on mr.
Trump it would have been a lot easier
just to say that
keep in mind chairman Nunez just
confirmed that the FBI did tell the
judges contradicting his own memo and if
that admission were not enough to
disqualify him from the chairmanship
there was this stunning moment listen as
Nunez chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee accuses Democrats of colluding
with American law enforcement claiming
that the Democrats review their own
cover up in their own memo we want it
out because we think it is clear
evidence that the Democrats are not only
trying to cover this up but they're also
colluding with parts of the government
to help cover this up you can call it
incoherence or incompetence either way
in pivoting politically chairman Nunez
at every step ends up stipulating the
Bessy back that's a special prosecutor
is compiling Russian interference FP
disclosure of his sources credible
sources all facts that taken together
will paint a picture not too far down
the road that may be far too indelible
for Nunez to erase in which case maybe
the best thing he could do for his
country is not to resign and stay right
where he is
here's some other stories we're keeping
an eye on and think you should
the High Court the Supreme Court today
decided to let stand an injunction
blocking President Trump from ending
daca next month the fate of the dreamers
immigrants brought here as children now
goes back to the courts assuming
Congress and the president don't fix it
a Japanese pharmaceutical company has
announced it's developed a flu treatment
a proble of stopping the flu with one
pill the medication called Xue Florida
will be available in Japan in the next
several months u.s. approval of the drug
could take a year or two this year's flu
season has been devastating here with
almost 100 children dead so far reported
cases or dropping raising hope that flu
season may finally be winding down
voters who tried to cast a ballot in
last week's Wisconsin primaries got a
nasty surprise dozens in Green Bay alone
had been removed from voting rolls the
state has been purging voters who do not
reaffirm their registration that's the
tactic that has long been used in
defense of voting integrity which
historically has the effect of
disenfranchising genuine voters the
Supreme Court today heard a crucial case
for the future of America's labor unions
the lawsuit challenges the right of
unions to collect fees from workers who
benefit from collective bargaining but
don't want to pay their dues the court
has split on similar cases meaning Trump
appointee Neal Gorsuch could be the
deciding vote on an issue that could
decimate organized labor teachers in
West Virginia remained on strike today
their third day of the strike teachers
have not received a raise in four years
and rising health care costs have
reduced take home pay from any of them
state law prohibits collective
bargaining and the state is considering
getting an injunction to force teachers
back on the job
and finally tonight is this is it or is
it not the moment when the tide begins
to turn on gun violence in America a
tipping point when real change begins by
any objective analysis the answer is
maybe it's probably strong odds against
but this appears to be the best
opportunity in a long while an
opportunity to bring at least some
common sense to bear on the issue as I
mentioned earlier we aren't talking
about repeal of a second Amendment with
passage of some new constitutional
amendment much as many people might want
that to happen
realistically it's a non-starter for now
perhaps perhaps in future generations
but to talk about it happening anytime
soon
is unrealistic but a few steps that
might help with the overall problem do
have a chance now except such as the
name only a few raising the age when
guns can be bought longer waiting
periods for purchases prohibitions on
buying some of the more lethal weapons
those kinds of things
they may have a chance because of the
public mood in the wake of the Parkman
school murders in Florida and the
determination of young people students
to make a difference
an early indicator will be March 24th in
Washington and around the country the
March for our lives national rally the
mission statement of the March reads and
I quote directly school safety is not a
political issue there cannot be two
sides to doing everything in our power
to ensure the lives and futures of
children no special interest group no
political agenda is more critical than
timely passage of legislation to
effectively address gun violence in the
boat if a nice little March succeeds new
and possibly powerful momentum for
change will result if not well good-bye
tide turning
adios tipping point the crucial factor
is whether the momentum can be kept
alive until November and the midterm
election President Trump powerful
congressional members in both parties
and the NRA are betting it can't and
won't they are playing for time and
activism fatigue knowing that the ballot
box the boat will be the ultimate
decider
and what happens at the ballot box
depends on whether we all of us go
beyond lip service and sympathy go
beyond easy attaboys
of these kids it means the work of
democracy tracking legislation keeping
tabs on who's voting for and against it
it means spreading the word there is one
and only one scenario in which this
moment of our history does turn out to
be a tipping point that is if we make
itself
with that I'll leave you for this new
cycle the young turk is up next and
we'll be back with the news at this same
place in time 5:30 Eastern every Monday
until then dan Rather reporting I wish
you good night good luck and Godspeed
stay steady
