recently five Washington insiders
Whitehouse and spider spoke to Axios
about Donald Trump's plans in regard to
the opioid epidemic and he apparently is
looking to people like Rodrigo Duterte
of the Philippines as an example of drug
policy that's right which means he is in
favor of possibly executing drug
traffickers let me give you the details
according to the Axios piece one of the
sources said he meaning Trump often
jokes about killing drug dealers he'll
say you know the Chinese and Filipinos
don't have a drug problem they just kill
them so it's not can I just say it's not
an oblique reference to do thwart a or
the Filipino so the Chinese government
it's a direct reference like no they
don't have know it because they kill the
drug dealers I'd like to kill them okay
he says when I asked the prime minister
of Singapore do they have a drug problem
the Prime Minister replies no death
penalty there's no way that he said that
exact sentence no death penalty that's
the kind of thing Trump would say said
baby he's like he's an ancient idiot
like that's something that somebody's
head in like the year 1806 okay yeah and
also the idea that conservatives are
believe in small government have a
principled belief in small government
he's talking about killing people for
slightly tweaking their consciousness
with a substance right and look I want
to be clear and fair he's specifically
talking about drug traffickers the
people who are selling these opioids
that are killing 64,000 Americans in
2016 alone oh my god they're gonna
execute the CEO of Purdue Pharma
Budweiser
that's a substance it shows a
fundamental lack of understanding over
this issue and and why this issue came
about in the first place it's because
the pharmaceutical companies now
campaign Trump was very aggressive in
saying that he would go after the
pharmaceutical companies not even for
the opioid crisis but for drug prices
but he hasn't done that at all whenever
he talks about the opioid crisis it's
all talk he never backs it up with real
funding and he never talks about going
after the pharmaceutical companies is he
gonna go after those pill mills in the
state of Florida and West Virginia that
were pumping out painkillers to people
who were addicted to them
probably not but he's having a
discussion about doing executions of
these drug dealers the drug dealers are
not the problem the drug traffickers are
not the problem
pharmaceutical companies are the problem
the fact that people who are desperately
seeking an escape from their economic
situation is the problem I mean there
are all sorts of issues that he could
focus on but instead he looks at you
know these dictators in other countries
and they're terrible terrible ideas he's
like you know what sounds like a good
idea let me try that out and by the way
Duterte it can accurately be described
what he's doing as a genocide yeah and
doTERRA taste not just targeting
traffickers not did that be okay in the
first place because that's not he's also
targeting drug users and he's given the
green light to his officers and said
yeah I go out there they're literal
quotes of him saying I want their
families to do it but I don't think they
have the heart so let's have the police
officers kill them
I mean this is somebody who you're gonna
model yourself yeah I mean this is like
Saudi Arabia to like okay they kill
people for selling drugs and doing drugs
is that who we want to be like so in in
in the Philippines that where he doesn't
just talk about going after people
selling fentanyl it's also marijuana and
so where does it end
and in Trump is not just living into
fentanyl the accident article happened
to talk a lot about fentanyl incas
fendle is particularly deadly by the way
dude do Beth Ditto
anyone who tells you hey you wanna try
some pendal it's like saying would you
like to try some suicide but it never
works out that way jank the way that it
works out is they get hooked on
prescription painkillers and then as
soon as they can't get their hands on
those painkillers because of the FDA you
know tightening up some regulations they
go to heroin and then fentanyl that's
the way it works and so the heart of the
problem is the over prescription of the
drug now that's not to take away from
the people who actually desperately do
need that prescription but it was being
overprescribed and abused that was the
heart of the problem and that was pushed
by the pharmaceutical industry and by
the way this
lucien to that the fda is now starting
to crack down on so there's this plant
called kratom and it helps so many
people who are addicted to pain pills it
helps people with PTSD and depression
and anxiety it's used for a million
different things people have had
overwhelming success and of course now
the fda is talking about how oh well we
think it's dangerous and maybe you can
get addicted to it even though you
really can't get addicted to it and
here's some BS cases of people who may
be kind of got hurt on it even though
they didn't anybody who they accused of
overdosing on it they ran tests and
apparently those people were on four or
five six different drugs so they're
cracking down on the one thing that
could help people because they're doing
the work of big pharma because they
don't want that as competition you know
why because there's one other group
that's addicted in this country and it's
our politicians they're addicted to the
lobbyist money and pharmaceutical
companies are the number one donors to
politicians so they're never gonna go
after the main problem and by the way
look think about it a smart solution if
you have a family member who's affected
by opioids and you're scared to death
they might go on fentanyl or if they
allow them die with that fentanyl right
the smart solution would be how did this
start how can we end it how can we treat
it how can we make sure it doesn't
happen to any other family right the
dumb solution is let's just execute them
let's execute a cool were you a cute
idea like are you most of the deaths by
the way are not from fentanyl they're
not even from heroin most of the deaths
are from that actual legal prescription
drugs they get abused so much that
people die from them so the drug dealers
in that case are literally the CEOs of
the pharmaceutical companies I mean we
joke but it's not it's not a joke that
is the number one killer of people who
are addicted to drugs are from legal
opioids so are we going to execute those
people no you're gonna find some people
in the street that you don't like and
you're gonna execute those guys and is
it gonna address a problem of course not
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
