hey everybody its David Sirota so
there's been a lot of headlines about
Robert Muller's indictment and questions
about foreign influence in American
politics a lot of people are treating
the indictment and the allegations of
Russian interference in the election as
something extremely new that is that
foreign government influence in the
United States is something completely
new something completely novel and the
like but the question really is is
whether the indictments about Russia are
going to prompt a wider look and wider
investigation into all sorts of ways
that foreign governments exert influence
in the United States because here's the
thing this is not a new thing I mean the
allegations against this the specific
allegations about Russia are new but the
the influence of foreign governments in
American politics is not new it's big
bipartisan business it's out in the open
and it's right in everyone's faces and
it has been for a very long time and the
question is will the investigation into
these specific Russia allegations also
prompt is us to step back and say how
much influence do foreign governments
much less multinational corporations
have in the u.s. political process and
and how has that influence of been
happening over many years I want to give
you a couple of examples of what I'm
talking about because there are four
really good examples of what I'm talking
about to give you a sense of the fact
that the Russia investigation really is
touching on a much bigger phenomenon so
here's one example map light the
campaign finance watchdog group and
International Business Times a recently
reported about lobbyists who represent
foreign governments and how they give
lots of money to American politicians
the joint investigation found that those
lobbyists gave more than four and a half
million dollars to federal law makers
and candidates they also packaged
together another five point nine million
dollars worth of donations that's called
bundling so these are lobbyists who are
literally registered foreign agents
registered to represent foreign
governments and foreign interests who
were funneling large amounts of campaign
contributions into the American
political process and they're allowed to
do it because the lobbyists are American
citizens even though they're
representing foreign governments they're
allowed to essentially be funneling
money into into political campaigns and
to candidates while they're representing
foreign interests so that's that's one
example of potential foreign influence
over American politics
how about think tanks there was a 2014
New York Times report an investigation
that found quote more than a dozen
prominent Washington research groups
have received tens of millions of
dollars from foreign governments in
recent years while pushing the United
States government officials to adopt
policies that often reflect those donors
priorities the whole think-tank world
and how think tanks produce policies
that are designed to influence American
politics
you've got a large amount of foreign
money coming into those think tanks
those think tanks that are influencing
and shaping American politics here's
another one I mean you look at the the
Saudi Arabia as one of the the big
influencers in Washington here's a
Washington Post report the Saudi
government and its affiliates quote have
spent millions of dollars on US law
lobby and public relations firms to
raise the country's visibility in the
United States the story goes on to say
quote some of Washington's premier law
and Lobby firms including the Podesta
group BGR DLA Piper and Pillsbury
Winthrop have been tasked with the job
according to a review of Justice
Department filings that's the Washington
Post and then most recently there was a
story in the intercept which found that
a ten billion dollar chemical company
controlled by the Chinese government now
has an avenue to influence American
elections the story notes that quote
this company quote joined the American
Chemistry Council a lobby organization
for chemical manufacturers that is
unusually aggressive in intervening in
US politics the point here is not to
downplay the Russia investigation the
Russia investigation touches on a
potential phenomenon that is much bigger
than the specific Russia situation the
investigation is looking at
ways in this in in the allegations that
that Russian foreign interests were
involved in trying to influence the
American election but the influencing of
American elections by foreign interests
and foreign governments is big business
it's out in the open and so watch for
what isn't being talked about what I've
just laid out for you isn't really being
talked about in the middle of this
Russia investigation and the silence on
it would suggest that this is somehow
that the Russia situation and foreign
influence in general is somehow a new
phenomenon when it's absolutely not a
new phenomenon the reason it may not be
being talked about in Washington that
larger phenomenon is because it is a big
bipartisan business this is something
that's been going on for a long time
with lobbyists and former members of
Congress and and and to political
candidates of both political parties and
the fact that that that this hasn't been
really discussed or that the Russia
investigation hasn't been contextualized
within this entire context of foreign
influence in Washington DC but that
omission suggests that that the
political powers that be don't really
want to talk about foreign influence
over us politics that they want to try
to create a scandal over one potential
set of allegations but they don't want
to necessarily look at the entire issue
at the entire systemic the systemic way
that this operates and and it's just
worth remembering that you can pull out
this one example the Russia example and
say hey this is a this is a huge problem
but if you're being honest about it it
should be contextualized within the
system through which a very
multi-layered system through which
foreign interests foreign governments
and multinational corporations have been
influencing American politics and
Washington policy for a very long time
you
