emotional support animals do they really
provide emotional support and I'm not
talking about what we all think I'm
talking about scientific evidence to
back it up now recently Fox asked this
incredibly important question to Mali
Crossman she's a psychology researcher
at Yale and what she says is that
there's actually no scientific consensus
there's no scientific evidence
conclusive evidence showing that
emotional emotional support animals
provide the emotional support that they
purportedly do right ok so I just I have
to jump in and make three points about
this if you read this whole box article
you'll come away I think seeing the same
thing I thought which is Mali Crossman
is the smartest person in America her
answers were terrific she's like such a
scientist she's like not enough data
here's what data shows here's what data
doesn't show etc number two she made a
point that made me go oh that's so smart
she did about this particular she'd the
heart of the issue she said look you've
got these emotional support animals what
we're trying to get you to do if you
have a phobia for example phobia of
heights is we're trying to get you to
face it a little bit at a time nice and
easy etc and then know that you can get
past it but if you were relying on an
animal then you're gonna think oh it was
because a buddy that I could face my
fear and then without buddy then you
can't face that fear right and whatever
so it's a little counter product could
be a little counterproductive but my
favorite part of the story is she gave
an example of how they once brought an
emotional support animal onto a college
campus at Washington University in st.
Louis it was a bear cub and so they're
like oh this bear cub is gonna help you
except for the fact that it's a bear no
no not even what grows up in fact the
students he's like lunch science is
important but I think in some cases
science doesn't matter in this case
science doesn't matter animals provide
emotional support I know this from
personal experience Molly I guess you're
smart you're yell or whatever but I'm
not buying what you're selling if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash join get
whole younger show every day
