the governor of Missouri is facing an
indictment because of the fact that he a
had an affair which isn't illegal but be
tied up his mistress while she was naked
took a photo of her without consent and
by the way this is all alleged and then
proceeded to blackmail her if she ever
talked about the affair publicly now
those are the accusations against the
governor of Missouri I'm not talking
about the governor from ten years ago
I'm talk about the governor now the
governor now in Missouri is facing an
indictment for these reasons CBS News
has more on this let's take a look Eric
Greitens has repeatedly denied criminal
wrongdoing in his relationship with his
former hairdresser but on Thursday a
grand jury indictment charged him with
felony invasion of privacy the
indictment states that on March 21st
Brighton's photographed an unnamed woman
in a state of full or partial nudity
without her knowledge or consent it
alleges Greitens then transmitted the
image in a manner that allowed access to
that image via a computer CBS News legal
analyst Rickey Clements says if proved
the taking of the photo alone is a
misdemeanor where it goes up to a felony
is if you disseminate that photo we've
answered brightens has previously dodged
questions about whether he took the
photo audio recordings obtained by CBS
News appear to show the woman detailing
her alleged encounter with the governor
Eric is absolutely innocent
of these charges on Thursday Crichton's
attorney at doubt called the charges
baseless and unfounded and in a
statement the governor said I made a
personal mistake before I was governor I
did not commit a crime I look forward to
the legal remedies to reverse this
action so Republicans in the state of
Missouri are saying that this is not
true in fact this is a Soros George
Soros bag applause okay to go after him
and the Republican Party in the state I
mean what has Soros not been blamed
obviously he's the busy as he's
concerned that I was putting his hand in
everything and he's responsible for the
hurricane in Puerto Rico he's
responsible for everything very active
man yeah if it's true then he must be a
superhero yeah cuz he goes around quick
so now first of all I don't trust
Greitens he's got uneven eyes yeah then
I feel bad for forest way to go but take
a look at that mug shot again anyway he
so we emphasize the lies because he
hasn't been convicted yet but a grand
jury indicted him they they handcuffed
him and and and then took a mug shot etc
now to be fair to the Republicans in
Missouri yes the Missouri GOP is
thickening up for grants and claiming so
George Soros plot as Ana told you but
Republican state senators are saying I
don't know man we might have to impeach
this guy that is on the table Republican
state senator Caleb brown and said he
was disgusted to learn that the that the
grand jury found sufficient evidence and
that he is demanding his immediate
resignation Republican representative
Nate Walker said come on man he was led
off in handcuffs
he's the sitting governor this is we get
you gotta go so it's not it's not a
democratic plot it's not a liberal plot
and genuine Republicans in the state of
Missouri are aura fide so look and we're
libs so if he had tied up his mistress
in the basement that's between them okay
and she was into it that's okay that's
in it and and so she they had a
consensual affair that's not an issue at
all
the reason we found out about this is
not visa for not because of greatness
but because she told her husband at the
time and the husband recorded it so it
was really reliable evidence because it
was at the time the husband recorded it
later gave it to police because he was a
little pissed and she explained that in
that incident she did not agree to
having the picture taken and that he
blindfolded her tied her up took her
clothes off then took the patron said if
you ever tell anyone I'll release this
picture and that's all on the tape of
her explaining to her she was married
yeah because well he didn't want it to
affect his political no no but he
threatened her yes Oh cuz she it's
disgusting yes so if it was just a
consensual affair I don't know maybe
some conservatives would be mad but
apparently they're not a mad about that
at all but I wouldn't be mad
progressives shouldn't be mad that's
their business that's between him and
his family by the way he he did all this
and he knew this and he ran as when he
was running for governor talking about
his Family Values
but you cannot say that it's okay
because you are always going around
preaching telling people that you abide
by the Bible and the word and adultery
is against the Bible so why is it okay
because it's consensual his wife didn't
consent to him having that affair with
that other woman when do people have
time for affairs this is more of a
general question like I don't understand
it I don't understand it when someone
please explain it to me because are you
overworking me I could not have an
affair if I wanted to and I don't want
to but like it's just insane that like
these people have time to have a full-on
family a political career and then
they're like banging on the side how
does this work and it's like an
extensive affairs it's sexy time we got
time to pose role-playing yeah shame on
you there's no such thing as a
consensual affair unless your partner
your spouse knows that you are having an
affair
you always holding up all these morality
balm I can't even talk like self
righteous righteous things that
everybody else has to aspire to jump up
to you got to live by the
- and that dude looks creepy that little
I he did it also so what I'm about to
show you guys this is mug shot like I
never understand people who smile during
their mug shot like it looks like he's
trying to hold back from smiling a
little bit he's trying to hide his
little eye okay okay by the way yes I
don't care about the size of his eyes
that's not an issue do I have to clarify
do we have to clarify that well you know
what for all of those the TYT people who
always say that I am a comedian I have
to say that cuz you guys get all
sensitive and cry on my Facebook page
but also Rick's God looks like fire
marshal bill if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
