Donald Trump and the Republican Party is
now focusing on the latest scapegoat for
the Parkland mass shooting that took
place in a high school campus in Florida
now 17 people were shot and killed and
people are debating the issue of gun
control but Trump wants to focus on the
issue of a school resource officer who
got word of the mass shooter and did not
go into the campus to stop him
now during CPAC Trump addressed the cop
and it did lead to some ramifications
for this former resource officer who has
since stepped down from his job he took
early retirement take a look at what
Trump had to say you know what else and
I thought of it since I found and
watched Peterson the deputy who didn't
go into the school because he didn't
want to go into the school okay he was
tested under fire and that wasn't a good
result but you know what I thought of as
soon as I saw that these teachers and
I've seen them at a lot of schools where
they had problems these teachers love
their students and the students love
their teachers in many cases these
teachers love their students and these
teachers are talented with weaponry and
with guns and that's they feel safe and
I'd rather have somebody that loves
their students and wants to protect
their students then somebody's standing
outside that doesn't know anybody and
doesn't know the students and frankly
for whatever reason decided not to go in
even though we heard lots of shots being
fired inside and the beauty is it's
concealed nobody would ever see it
unless they needed it
it's concealed so this crazy man who
walked in wouldn't even know who it is
that has it that's good it's not bad
that's good and a teacher would have
shot the hell out of him before he knew
what happened
so that was actually the second time the
Trump identified the school resource
officer who did not go into the school
as he got word that a mass shooting was
taking place and understand the framing
of what Trump is is using there he's
talking about how teachers love their
students the teachers would have done
something about it basically make it
seem making it seem as though this
resource officer didn't love the
students didn't care about protecting
them
look the officer was a thirty year
veteran he did not do what he was
supposed to do so Trump is right in that
regard and so I'm not gonna take away
from that argument however he is not the
reason why these mass shootings happen
he is not the reason why seventeen
people were gunned down and to make it
seem as though this guy is the only
person we should be focusing on and that
he doesn't love the students teachers
love students and by the way Trump said
that these teachers are skilled in
weaponry based on what evidence
based on what yeah as just made up so a
couple of quick points here when he said
it's concealed that's a good thing wait
why is that a good thing I don't
understand his logic his logic is if he
know if the shooter knows he explained
this at length
throughout the week then if the shooter
knows there are people with guns inside
the building he they're cowards and they
won't come in okay so what difference
does it make if they're concealed or not
concealed because you just told
everybody and you and presumably the
shooter has to know that there are
weapons for your strategy to work so
it's but that's a good thing not a bad
thing based on what I mean there's just
no logical flow of anything he says the
armed guard is also armed so the shooter
would know that there's someone armed in
the building and why would an armed
guard not like normally on average do
worse than a teacher whose job is not to
shoot students right but to teach them
that makes no sense at all so what does
he do he has to rely on this guy not
going in the building to buttress his
insane argument that somehow teachers
would be better than cops as shooting
people and and this guy look what he did
of course he should have gone in
for the president to name him and to
publicly shame him like that that's
crazy he's now got armed guards
protecting his house I mean number one I
would imagine that he feels horrific at
this point right number two he let down
the whole community and they've got to
feel anger disgust sadness etcetera
that's also a anonymous number three you
know Republican trolls God the things
they must have said to him by now and
for the president of the president to
pile on to a citizen like that it's the
usual insanity we've gotten to know with
Donald Trump because they want a
scapegoat any scapegoat will do as long
as it will prevent them from talking
about actual common-sense gun
legislation they don't want to focus on
the real problem they want to focus on
symptoms of the problem absolutely and
you know stuff you just had to operate
on a very human level right this guy's
feeling bad he was wrong to not go in
that right you know to add to the human
level both my parents were teachers for
over 30 years and I'm trying to imagine
my mom there ninety-six pound frame who
already has enough stress in her life
and is caring a lot for the students
being told to go learn how to shoot a
gun that makes no sense
so it is inspiring that real solutions
finally are part of the debate again the
scapegoat ISM is really a problem it's
terrifying and also think about how
underpaid teachers are how
underappreciated they are and so there
might be some teachers that are
comfortable shooting who might be okay
with the idea of them carrying a weapon
onto campus but there are a lot of
teachers who aren't okay with that so
does it mean that in order to qualify as
a teacher in the United States you not
only have to be passionate and skilled
when it comes to teaching but you also
have to be a sharpshooter and ready and
willing to protect your students with a
firearm at any given moment
that's absurd there's so many great
teachers out there who have no interest
in holding a gun and no one should be
forced to have a gun or carry a gun if
they want to educate young people you
know you mentioned your parents Adam
that immediately made me think of my
teachers and my teacher that made the
biggest difference in my life was mrs.
Rosenberg and fourth grade and I'm
picturing mrs. Rosenberg
with a gun it's insanity man you know
what you know was the teacher and as a
teacher so they want you to she's a
professor and at CSUN so what do they
want you to now like carry a pistol to
me and remember this one of those
students made the best point yesterday
he said you know that it's either
usually students or former students so
you'd be training the teachers to kill
their students it's crazy and it's one
thing to think about how someone would
react theoretically if an incident like
that were to occur but it's another
thing to actually shoot someone and to
kill someone right and I think it's
easier said than done
I think people you know on the right are
making the assumption that anyone would
be comfortable just shooting and killing
someone if it was a mass murderer it's a
lot easier said than done what I'm
curious about is you know you saw those
people give a standing ovation at CPAC
for the stuff he was saying I'm curious
how representative that is of the larger
kind of Republican or conservative
oriented voter back home right you know
these are a bunch of political
operatives basically who have a
political incentive and a professional
incentive to clap for him but I'm
curious whether Republican moms and dads
back home actually believe that they
want teachers to be armed with their
kids in the classroom well so there's
some evidence that they are not
comfortable with against the new poll
out well both ways here says that 33
percent of Americans like the way that
Donald Trump has handled this shooting
so two thirds saying no this is this is
not the right way to go so that's
comforting two-thirds of the countries
are very significant majority of course
among Republicans seventy percent say he
nailed it and an atom's another grade
point as I looked at that crowd I
thought I don't know who I'm more
disturbed by this buffoon manchild this
president going around giving speeches
you know calling out individual citizens
and then going it's not bad it's good or
the buffoons who are clapping for him
and giving him a standing ovation like
oh this guy nailed it that's a very
stable genius who we look up
well those are the people who put them
in power so I would argue those are the
people that you should be more concerned
with and and that's what I'm more
concerned about right we have these
debates about propaganda on social media
on you know bad actors trying to spread
false misleading information and what
concerns me the most is not just that
that happens but how easily Americans
fall for that kind of stuff right these
are the people who go to the polls they
vote and they're the ones who elected
this guy that buffoons been around for a
very long time he's been around for what
over seventy years at this point he was
never a threat until Americans made him
a threat what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
