for a little while there for a few years
we had the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau which was set up after the Great
Recession to actually represent you to
represent regular people against the
banks and other industries which would
abuse them and we still technically have
it but unfortunately we also have Trump
and we have interim director Mick
Mulvaney who is twisting that
organization to intend to instead
basically work for those banks and to
aid them in coming at you while having
the veneer of some sort of consumer
protection and so overall and we've
reported on this a number of times over
the past year Mick Mulvaney has worked
to make the watchdog agency less
aggressive and actually going after
banks and various forms of legal abuse
under his leadership the CFPB delayed a
new payday lending regulation from going
into effect and dropped an investigation
into one payday lender that contributed
to Mulvaney's campaign now we also have
something that we want to focus on today
though
Mulvaney also dropped a lawsuit against
an alleged online loan shark called
golden valley lending the suit says the
lender illegally charges people up to
nine hundred and fifty percent interest
rates it took CFPB staffers years to
build the case against them I don't yet
know why it took years if they're
charging that much but apparently it
didn't they were doing that work for
years because this company has illegally
defrauded thousands of people out of
tons of money and that's what this
organization is there to do it's to find
out where these abuses are to build a
case against them to take them to court
and get money back unfortunately it was
shut down and now one of the
investigators in that particular case
says people are devastated and angry
just imagine how you would feel if years
of your life had been dedicated to
pursuing justice and you lose everything
let alone if you're one of the people
that this company defrauded and you did
lose everything and by the way just in
case you were wondering can you actually
charge 950 percent interest no you can't
actually charge 950 percent interest
thus the case now before you go on and
John this just be really clear about
that it violates state and federal law
it's called loan sharking and and it's
what the mob does and but I I'd be
surprised if the mob charged nine
hundred and fifty percent yeah
that is so undoable unpayable it makes
you an indentured servant for the rest
of your life almost how no matter how
little you borrow the the interest rate
will ramp up so quickly that you'll be
paying back the rest of your life
that's why the government doesn't allow
it it allows for gigantic interest rates
so 35% is fairly normal at the state
level and that is an enormous unpayable
I'll give you context Donald Trump went
bankrupt one of the six times because he
went bankrupt six different times
because he took out too much the entry
he took out loans that had too high an
interest rate for the Taj Mahal one of
the casinos he had in Atlantic City you
know what the interest rate was 14% a
casino that basically prints money the
house always wins
could not pay back a 14% interest rate
these guys charge the average guy and
950 percent interest rate yeah and that
is why it is terribly illegal it could
be illegal but if the government now run
by the crooks by the robbers chooses not
to enforce the law because they don't
believe in the rule of law they
represent the robbers well then they
just got away with it they robbed all
those Americans and there's nothing you
could do about it because Trump's in
office and he put the criminals in
charge exactly and I mean we've gone
through basically every department at
this point where the department has a
mission statement it has a philosophy
something it's supposed to accomplish
and so they go out there and they find
literally the person best placed to
totally invert to pervert the point of
these departments and instead deploy
them to aid corporations and the wealthy
and well-connected so that same
investigator by the way said that he did
believe that had they been able to
pursue the lawsuit it would have been
able to get money back for thousands of
people that that Golden Valley had
defrauded but although we've given you
some of the general details I do want to
focus on one particular case cuz it's
pretty egregious there's a woman Julie
bond Infante who said I was literally
facing eviction because I was so behind
on my rent and I had no idea where I was
going to come up with the money and it
was just really rough it was just
misleading the way it was presented was
this loan with that company I was going
to make four large
and then be done so she sent a NPR a
screenshot from the website of her what
the deal was supposed to be and it says
under $900 loan her scheduled payments
in less than 12 months would be three
thousand seven hundred and thirty five
dollars or more than four times what she
actually borrowed there so it looks like
she didn't actually get the worst
interest rate they hand out she got like
half is about twice as good of a deal
actually but yeah they expect that no
you will pay those four payments and
then you will continue to pay these huge
fines and fees afterward and it can be
incredibly confusing for people
especially people who are desperately
trying to make ends meet who are trying
to get money quickly to deal with some
sort of medical emergency or something
like that and they prey on exactly those
people now
Mulvaney apparently although he won't
specifically talk about this he declined
requests for an interview statements
have been put out saying oh no I didn't
actually shut this down I had nothing to
do with it it was just you know career
staffers inside of the organization but
sources inside the organization say no
he actually was instrumental in shutting
down this case as he has been in other
ones that we've talked about in the show
over the past year and what's
interesting maybe it's not related but
hey maybe it is is that as a congressman
he took sixty-two thousand dollars plus
from payday lenders Oh weird that he got
paid I don't know what kind of interest
rate he's getting on that money now but
probably not 950 percent but I think it
might have had an effect so my favorite
part of this was this quote from the NPR
story after repeated questioning from
NPR Mulvaney's press person acknowledged
that Mulvaney was indeed involved in the
decision to drop the lawsuit
in other words we tried to lie to you
pretending that he had nothing to do
with it but you press this so okay fine
he did it he took sixty-two thousand
dollars from the pay lenders and these
politicians they're all bought so cheap
yeah that's like nothing you know that
you get away with god knows how much in
fines they would have gotten tens of
millions I don't know if it would have
been hundreds of millions of dollars you
just paid mauvais knee sixty-two
thousand dollars yeah what a cheap
little prostitute Mulvaney is so he then
comes into this Bureau that is supposed
to protect
consumers and goes no I'm corrupt I'm
just gonna say all that they would have
gotten you your money back because it's
illegal and it would have gotten you
your money back
and Mulvaney says no I don't represent
you I represent the bad guys so you're
not gonna get your money back all that
hard work and pursuing justice and the
rule of law dropped it overnight now
admits he did drop it it was him and and
one of the women involved one of the
people in Bob's he said that she's a
trump voter and feels betrayed and I
feel bad because they said I I feel kind
of stupid but he told you that he was
gonna get rid of the swamp that was a
huge reason you voted for yeah he was
lying the whole time he's a cheap cheap
politician telling you pretty little
lies that you wanted to hear then he
gets in the office and screws you
because his donors and Mulvaney's donors
is it wanted to keep their money wanted
to be able to rip you off and by the way
they can continue to rip you off going
forward yeah so the rule of law will not
be enforced as long as you're a donor to
the Trump campaign and it make Mulvaney
it is grotesque
what's our ideal situation of the young
turks well we want to align our
interests with your guys interests so
that's why a lot of our revenue to keep
us in business comes from subscription
and that way if we're not serving you
guys you guys are not our members and we
go out of business but if we're doing a
good job you guys support us and we
continue to do independent media but we
also have sponsors monsters like
aspiration calm how do we pick those
sponsors well we want them to align with
our interests and most importantly your
interests so the reason why aspiration
calm is the way we went in terms of
financial institution because they're
massively progressive so you want to
make sure you're not getting any
overdraft fees which is how a lot of the
banks make money they've got no monthly
service fees they've got no minimum
monthly Bennett balance they've got no
minimum monthly deposit they've got free
access to every ATM in the world ten
percent of their money goes to charity
they put their money in clean industries
nothing from fossil fuel fire
arms private prisons etc so it is
incredibly generous but it's a smart
business model because they don't have
those locations like all the other big
banks too it's just e banking but it's
incredibly convenient goto aspiration
DICOM slash tyt we'll have a link in the
description box below if you're watching
on YouTube and in the comment section on
Facebook and check it out for yourself
and I think that it's really going to
deliver for you guys that's why we're
proud to have them as sponsor and you
win hopefully we win they win and you
get to do banking in a way that gives
you peace of mind and by the way last
kicker they've got a one percent
interest rate which is way better than
your bank go ask your bank what interest
rate your you can get from them and then
go to aspiration com you'll see a giant
difference let them deliver for you
check it out
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
