wayne lapierre came out of hiding came
out of his bunker they had not said
anything the NRA for about six days
after the shooting because they like to
lay low after those shootings then they
come out and say lo some things so where
how's he gonna do he's gonna do this
CPAC now they didn't announce that he
was going to speak there because they
were worried about protests what
happened I thought you guys were tough
guys so then he comes out and then and
and of course wild cheering by the low
some people attending CPAC Republican
politicians are bad enough some of the
Republican voters about half are the
deplorable and that is exactly the worst
the worst go to these conferences and
where they fight for all the horrible
things like hey no gun control America
massacres and schools what's the big
deal okay so Wayne LaPierre is certainly
going to give them their money's worth
as CPAC let's start watching as the head
of that already it's a bizarre fact that
in this country our jewelry stores all
over this country are more important
than our children our banks our airports
our NBA games our NFL games our office
buildings our movie stars our
politicians they're all more protected
than our children at school does that
make any sense to anybody do we really
love our money and our celebrities more
than we love our children in every
community in America school districts
PTAs teachers unions local law
enforcement
moms and dads they all must come
together to implement the very best
strategy to harden their schools
including effective trained armed
security that will absolutely protect
ever
innocent child in this country Wayne
LaPierre wants you to deflect your
attention he talks about movie stars and
NBA games for some reason and
celebrities why does he do that
he wants you to think oh yeah they
protect those guys but they don't
protect your kids well that's not why
they do it they don't have security at a
basketball game because they care more
about LeBron James and they care about
your kids they do it because there's a
lot of people at those venues and so a
mass shooter can do even more damage
lots of people on a plane that's why we
do security it's not because we care
more about the lives of pilots and
flight attendants than we do about kids
it's because those are a security
perimeters that have been breached
before and cause of mass deaths now
under wayne lapierre 'he's ideology well
let's have it everywhere let's have it
at the movie theater let's having armed
guards every armed guards would mean
more people have to buy weapons from the
gun manufacturers that the nra
represents what a wonderful coincidence
huh
but I'm sure he didn't think of it that
way he's just trying to look out for you
guys all right let's go to a video 11
here he's got more in my three decades
of leading the NRA I've had the pleasure
of working with a number of Democrats
who believed America to be the greatest
country in the world but during the last
decade the Obama decade many of those
leaders have been forced out as a tidal
wave of new european-style socialists
seized control of the Democratic Party
and socialism is a movement that loves a
smear racist misogynist sexist xenophobe
and more these are the weapons and
vitriol these character assassinations
scream to permanently hang on their
targets and create a growing segment of
victims because socialism feeds off
manipulated victims
you name the group and they will find a
way to turn them into victims from the
Occupy movement to black lives matter to
an Tifa they agitate the offended
promote uncivil discourse and ignore any
sense of due process and fairness to
destroy their enemies the elimination of
due process is the very gold standard of
the socialist state hold because he's
about the attack due process in the next
clip but let's break down what he said
there first of all armed guards weeding
out more armed grounds are at the school
oops parkland Florida where they had the
mass shooting had an armed guard he
didn't go in the guard by the way the
person who did the shooting former
student knows they have an armed guard
what didn't did the shooting anyway and
the armed guard didn't do any good
oops your ideology is totally bankrupt
totally wrong then why are you bringing
black lives ended in this this black
lives matter to do the shooting no no
that absolutely nothing new in it it
didn't occupy do the shootings Antipa do
the shooting no but you just like to
smear them for no reason
always projection socialist love to
smear people now let me smear people
that had nothing do with this shooting
but that you hate you hate black lives
matter because you don't like black
people at CPAC hey I have a vicious
right-wing crowd in front of me don't
you hate occupy the people who say hey
you should have higher wages idiots
let's smear them on an issue that has
nothing to do with them as being your
smears he's a socialist love smears
which is in itself a smear of socialists
so let's see if he's right about the
dangers of socialism because of Wayne
LaPierre is right and those poor idiots
socialists they've disarmed themselves
they don't allow and nearly as many
weapons as we do and and so they
obviously have a lot more killings over
there related to firearms right because
there's no good guy with a gun to stop
them bad guys well they got knives Wayne
LaPierre famous comment and he started
it again at the end of this speech show
what is the total firearm death rates in
the US ten point two percent
so this nights obviously not ten percent
of Americans being killed it is a ratio
so
it's just to give you context with other
countries okay so now at that same ratio
let's look at the more socialist
northern European countries and some
other developed countries with less guns
so we're at 10.2 United Kingdom which
has oh very very little guns is that
point to wait I thought they would have
more why don't they have more no good
socialist over in the UK point - well
Netherlands they're way more socialist
point 5 Ireland 1 New Zealand 1 point 2
Sweden very socialist 1 point 5 remember
we're at ten point two Danmark socialist
one point six Norway very socialist one
point eight Canada two point three
Finland three point six all way WAY
lower firearm death rates than America
what happened I thought no good dirty
socialist oh I see that was just a smear
not based in reality at all meant to
again deflect attention from the horrors
of the NRA and what they have inflicted
upon us here in America one last clip
think about that in the midst of genuine
grief and a very understandable passion
as millions of Americans search for
meaningful solutions what do we find
Chris Murphy Nancy Pelosi and more
cheered on by the national media eager
to blame the NRA and call for even more
government control
they hate the NRA they hate the Second
Amendment
they hate individual freedom their
solution is to make you all of you less
free they want to sweep right under the
carpet the failure of school security
the failure of family the failure of
America's mental health system and even
the unbelievable failure of the FBI
so the guy who said that liberals don't
want due process now really against the
FBI why because he wants to protect the
president who is being investigated by
the FBI that's the president they gave
31 million dollars to during the
campaign that's the president they want
to make sure does not pass any new gun
control laws so we say ah the goddamn
FBI doing due process and actually
following the rule of law in America
what happened as always projection
whatever they believe they project on to
the others and to their opponents and oh
they want to make you less free less
free what to do massacres inside schools
and and then for him to blame everything
but guns say oh the mental health
problems in America that that's the real
problem
well the NRA pushed Donald Trump and
succeeded you know in passing a bill
that would allow more mentally ill
people to buy guns 75,000 more mentally
ill people in America are allowed to buy
guns because of the NRA
he's an absolute liar he's Wayne bin
Laden okay finally he blamed the
American family he said the failure of
the family you gonna say that to the
family of those kids who got murdered in
Florida you sick animal you make money
blood money by selling weapons that are
used in massacre after Massacre and
after their kids die then you blame
their families the NRA is the sickest
organization in America you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
