Philadelphia's new district attorney is
Larry crasner we've talked about him
before on the program when the election
happened he was that guy that's
considered to be different than other
DA's he's gonna change things and in
fact he already has in Philly this week
he's taken a significant step of
eliminating cash bail programs for a
number of low-level offenses so why
would you want to do this if you pay the
cash bail then you get to get out of
jail
turns out though that if you charge
someone thousands of dollars to be
bailed out it's really easy for rich
people to pay that and very difficult if
not impossible for a lot of people of
lower socioeconomic status to do that
and so this is a law this is a I was
gonna say multi hundred year wrong but
no this is a multi thousand you're wrong
it's as we're gonna talk about later
it's from medieval times and it still
just exists in a lot of America but
thankfully at least in Philly it's being
limited the policy is that it's being
removed from include retail burglary
prostitution unauthorized use of a motor
vehicle resisting arrest providing false
identification a number of other things
including some that are classified as
felonies which is one of the significant
ways that this Philadelphia change goes
beyond some other programs that have
tried to eliminate cash bail and this is
not a small problem this is a big
problem in Philadelphia about 20% of the
people the 6100 people in city jails are
there because they can't afford to pay
their cash bail and so they stay days or
weeks or months or possibly even longer
just because they don't have the money
that doesn't seem fair to me I imagine
doesn't seem fair to most people and it
turns out that nationwide about 60% of
all incarcerated Americans are held in
pretrial detention in fact the numbers
are that the number of people in America
at any given moment that are simply
there because they can't afford bail is
larger than the prison population of
almost every other country on the planet
Wow
and so great job Larry Krasner really
fast this one I read one quote known as
much time but he said this there's
absolutely no reason why someone who
will show up to court is not a Rice risk
of flight is not a threat to their
neighbors and community should sit in
jail for days or weeks or months or
years because they can't post a small
amount of bail we do not imprison the
poor in the United States for the
so-called crime of poverty he's done a
number of other things by the way since
January he
purges office of many career prosecutors
announced his support for city sponsored
safe injection sites for intravenous
drug users and declined to prosecute
charges of marijuana possession so when
you have establishment guys in office
they give you a different drug the
tranquilizing drug of gradualism as
Martin Luther King said and they tell
you no not now no now we can't do it now
it's not possible it's not possible it's
not practical so Larry krasner was an
actual progressive a lot of progressive
groups fought for he won and it turns
out you can do it you can do it right
now there's nothing stopping you what
generally stops the establishment
Democrats is their donors they don't
want progress they don't want change
they generally want the status quo and
so if you elect a real progressive he
will do real progressive things like
this so now my favorite quote comes from
philly.com who's covering this story
they say that jelly suspects unless they
can pay unless they can pay
disproportionately punishes minorities
in the poor you don't say look let's
leave out minorities for a second
it completely punishes the poor not not
just as proportionately right so if you
can pay you pay it and you don't have to
sit in jail if you can't pay it's
because you're poor and hence it
completely punishes the poor and you
can't work and you gotta get somebody to
take care of your kids possibly and
understand something so this is not a
wild crazy thing where we let everybody
out of jail no if first of all this is
pre conviction okay pre-conviction
you're supposed to be assumed innocent
okay but even for but for the violent
offense there's no they're not letting
them out this is just for nonviolent
offenses small level offenses if you're
rich you're obviously gonna have the
small amount of money that it takes to
get bail on those cases even if you're
middle class you're probably gonna have
enough money to have bail so only the
poor stay in jail but not just that
since everyone else gets out you're
actually being punished not for doing
their offense but but for being poor so
that's why you're in prison everyone
else can go out of
prison until they have their trial if
you're poor you get punished for being
poor you must stay in prison until you
have this trial on a low-level offense
this what they did in reforming this
system is justice so thank you larry
crasner law thank you for every
progressive group who fought for them
and for every voter that made this
justice possible you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
