or corruption for you this time having
to do with a lawsuit over a mining
safety regulations and a person named
David Zaza tells all oh this is
president Trump's top official for
mining safety who has a history in that
particular industry that we're going to
talk about it has to do with challenges
to Obama administration regulations
trying to make it so that if mines
routinely violated safety procedures
there could be an expedited process of
adjudicating that having some sort of
fines or Consequences of some sort which
of course the industries don't like and
so they challenged it in court so that
lawsuit was filed in March 2013 by the
Kentucky coal Association opposing the
Obama administration's use of a Mine
Safety rule known as POV or pattern of
violations as I said accelerates the
penalty process so David zalazala the
person that I was talking about is now
the assistant secretary of mine Health
and Safety he served on the Kentucky
coal Association Board of Directors
through 2014 through told late 2014
Saddles alo was also a chairman of Rhino
Resource Partners kind of a cool name
and a mining a mining company which
twice ran afoul of POV during his tenure
there so it's really an interesting
situation they've set up where he was on
the board of directors for that coal
Association involved with a company that
was violating these particular
provisions a couple years go by he gets
to be in charge effectively of Mine
Safety and right now is considering
whether he is going to be the person to
rule on a lawsuit that at least to some
extent he was the one who pushed for in
the first place so this is why I love
TYT investigates and thank you to all
the viewers who helped fund it because
while everybody's looking somewhere else
and super important issues like guns etc
Donald Trump's administration is if
Visser ating the rule of law doing wild
conflicts of interest and and and
corruption to no end so our job is to
dig in and find where they are so in
this case great report by Steve horn
pointing out look this guy was part of
that organization the Kentucky coal
Association that sued the group that he
now helps to run
inside the government now that's not new
in terms of scott pruett same thing
ahead of the epa sued the epa over a
dozen times in gray and trump's like oh
you want to destroy the epa wonderful
that's exactly what I'm looking for
you're now the head of the EPA so this
guy now becomes a top official and
mining safety because he was trying to
destroy mining safety so okay that part
we understand although almost no one
else is talking about it and and so we
find the lawsuit and then of course is
John poor now there's two different
organizations that he was on the board
of that now are in front of the
government agency that he is running and
in the beginning they said how conflicts
of interest no no no absolutely not
number one he'll get his money out of
any mining within ninety days
did he of course not he works for the
Trump administration still has money
invested in mining companies yeah but
only like hundreds of thousands of
dollars while he's supposed to be
regulating mining companies that he's
invested in now the companies he used to
run he's decided I'm not gonna recuse
myself I'm gonna make the decision on
whether by four more companies did the
right thing or not
gee I wonder which way he's gonna decide
I can't quite tell who would better know
what the companies were up to then the
guys sitting on their board before
knowledge yeah and when asked about of
the Trump administration and we're the
ones who asked them said well I mean our
rule technically is that you had to be
outside those companies for two years
and he was on the board of those
companies in 2014
technically he's slightly okay so I'm
sure he has no conflict of interest he
Latvia however you can't find anyone
else to make that ruling no the point is
corruption it's not the bug it's the
feature so yeah check out the the
article it'll be in the links down below
and on YouTube in the description box
and on comment section on Facebook so
our job is to comment on these stories
TYT investigates job is to find the
stories and cover them objectively read
the story for yourself it is a terrible
case of conflict of interest again
within the Trump white house
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
