really interesting story in The Guardian
that I thought I'd share with you
Iceland law to outlaw male circumcision
sparks Roe over religious freedom Jewish
and Muslim leaders condemned first
European country to propose ban so yes
Iceland would be the first country to do
this a bill proposes the bill proposes a
penalty of up to six years in prison for
anyone carrying out a circumcision other
than for medical reasons in the article
they say quote one in three men globally
is thought to be circumcised the vast
majority for religious or cultural
reasons many Jews and Muslims fear the
issue of circumcision could become a
proxy for anti-semitism and Islamophobia
pointing to similar tensions over
religious dress in the ritual slaughter
of animals for meat the bill says the
the circumcision of young boys violates
their rights and is incompatible with
the United Nations Convention on the
Rights of the Child and they draw a
parallel with female genital mutilation
which is already outlawed in most
European countries and it's also
important to bring up that this would
still allow people to get circumcision
circumcise if they want when they grow
up and they make can make that decision
for themselves but when they're young
when they're babies and they just do it
they're saying no that we're stopping so
there's a bunch of stuff to say about
this first of all I think one of the
main things that people object to is the
comparison between male genital
mutilation and female genital mutilation
they say listen male circumcision even
if you're against it it's not it's just
simply don't compare it to female
genital mutilation because there's not
nearly as much pain you know when you do
female genital mutilation I think
there's arguments that it takes away all
pleasure in sex from a woman whereas if
you do male genital mutilation
circumcision it just decreases the the
pleasure that you get from sex so I
think that's one of the main things
people object to I can understand that
object
certainly more than I understand other
objections I do think female genital
mutilation is probably worse but my take
on it is I still think circumcision is
wrong so I'm circumcised you know I was
born and raised Catholic I guess it's a
Catholic tradition or whatever and I've
often said I would have preferred not
having been circumcised
it's weird now because it's almost so
it's taken such a hold in in in various
cultures that people it's almost like
it's socially you get the upper hand
socially if you are circumcised so it's
such a normal part of culture that in
many cultures I should say that it's
looked upon almost more favorably than
being uncircumcised but listen I just
think for a variety of reasons I would
prefer to be uncircumcised and so let's
get to the heart of the issue which is
what really is it like what is going on
with circumcision well if you go back
and look at the roots of it it 100% has
its roots in religion now you can try to
argue against that but you're just wrong
because that is what it is like it has
its roots in religion and the
Christopher Hitchens point on this is
nobody would we wouldn't even be having
the conversation if it wasn't for
religion which got us to this point it
would be viewed as if circumcision
wasn't a thing and then somebody showed
up in the year 2018 they're like anyway
so here's a knife and I'm gonna cut off
the tip of my baby's dick we'd all be
like whoa what no that's that's
a crime you're like assaulting the poor
kid doing permanent damage and yeah I
think that's true and it has its roots
in religion now what's happened on this
issue is that as time has gone by now
there's been a lot of there's been a
giant scientific effort to give
intellectual backing and high-minded
rationalizations as to why circumcision
is not only okay but they actually make
the argument it's preferable and they
say for example hey you know it reduces
STD rates it's cleaner it
reduces STD rates so that's why it's a
good thing and there's a variety of
scientific arguments that have been made
in favor of circumcision but I don't
find those compelling and the reason is
very simple
so if you say hey you just reduce the
number of people who get whatever
fill-in-the-blank gonorrhea syphilis
AIDS whatever by 37 percent let's argue
I just made up that number for the
record well okay
you can reduce it by 96 percent if you
just cut off their dick completely does
that mean it's preferable to cut off
somebody's dick completely no of course
not we don't left that out of the room I
don't care how much you reduce um you
know the chance of an STD the likelihood
of an STD cutting off the dick is theirs
I have a problem in principle with
cutting off the dick by the same token I
would argue I have a problem in
principle with cutting off the tip of a
baby dick call me crazy but religion has
gotten us to believe that it's somehow
the more reasonable thing to do I mean
think about that for a second that's the
more reasonable thing to do like yes can
I cut off my tip of my baby's dick what
what that's so bizarre so yeah ma I
agree with the notion of if you want to
make it so that when when they get old
enough they can make the decision hey I
want to do it and let's all be clear yes
when you're older it will hurt you more
and you'll be more traumatized by it but
you shouldn't be making the decision for
your child because that is a giant giant
thing you know and yeah I don't and let
me be clear I don't feel like I'm
scarred over it I mean I guess I'm
literally scarred because I'm
circumcised but I don't feel like I have
any mental or emotional scars over it at
all but I still would have preferred not
to have it done so yes I agree I agree
with what they're doing here they're
saying listen you get older you want to
get it yourself by all means go cut off
the tip of your own dick be my guest but
I think that they're generally right
that this is a human rights issue it is
a matter of the
of the child and know the parents
shouldn't willy-nilly decide we're gonna
have to chop off our the tip of our
baby's dick I mean it's honestly think
you stop and think about it it's so
ridiculous when you really put it into
context I mean it is just utterly
ridiculous but that's the power of
culture that's the power of religion it
gets people to not be objective about
what they're actually doing and that's
what happened here you know everybody
thinks it's normal myself included until
the very I don't know how old I was when
I finally said hey this is kind of
 but for a while I was like you
mean friends normal you circumcised what
do you mean not just normal no really
not it's really just because a lot of
people do it I mean there was a time
when everybody in the world or yeah
everyone in the world believed the earth
was flat they were wrong so I don't care
they're 1/3 of people today believe
cutting off the tip of your baby's dick
is the right thing to do doesn't make it
right at all so yes I agree with this
and no by the way the arguments I'm like
this is gonna stop religious freedom
it's not gonna stop religious freedom if
you want to chop off the tip of your own
dick be our guest if you're an adult you
want to make decision go right ahead
go right ahead nobody cares do it to
your own dick who cares it's about you
imposing it on your child on a
baby that doesn't know anything that's
the problem it's not pretending like
this is gonna lead to anti-semitism and
Islamophobia no it's not no it's not
this is gonna lead to a preventing of
cutting off the tips of baby dicks
that's all this is gonna do and that's
something that's desirable that was
phrased weirdly it's desirable to stop
the cutting off the tips of baby dicks
it's not the baby dicks themselves are
not desirable okay that's creepy we're
gonna stop talking now
