Tina Loesch is a representative the NRA
she decided she was going to attend the
CNN's town hall event 7,000 people there
and they were mad and had every right to
be mad how many kids are we gonna lose
and sacrifice at the altar of the NRA in
this country this NRA want assault
weapons ban know their leader Wayne
LaPierre with the CPAC and said the only
thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is
a good guy with a gun it's the same
thing he said after Newtown he said we
need to arm as many people inside the
schools as possible and turn them
basically into war zones Dana Loesch
agrees with that concept so first she's
gonna give her softer version and ain't
very soft on CNN and it is not
well-received let's watch he should have
been barred from getting a firearm and
as and he should not have been able to
he shouldn't a never been able to get a
firearm be people who are crazy should
not be able to get firearms see
people who are dangerous to themselves
and other individuals with the in let me
answer if we're here to have a
discussion that's why I'm here
I was a very politically active teenager
and I'm on this stage as a result of
that think of how far you you all could
go as a result of voicing your beliefs
now I wouldn't answer your question and
I want to be allowed the opportunity
which is why I am here
crazy people people who are murderers
know we've been actually talking about
that for a long time let me answer the
question let me answer the question you
can shout me down when I'm finished but
let me answer in this question it's not
it's not federally mandated that's the
big question and I wish that this
network had also covered this more as
other media networks would have covered
it
so some people in the crowd obviously
very unhappy one person shouted out
murderer and her point was if you all
study hard and work hard you could one
day be a NR a sellout like me - and get
paid a lot of money to do propaganda
while you other people get shot
Wow what a convincing point she then of
course immediately did a diversionary
tactic blame the media oh the media
doesn't cover it but the heart of her
argument was it's all a mentally healthy
she never should have been allowed a gun
in the first place really
but the NRA position is that he should
have been a lot of them first of all
he's not mentally adjudicated he was not
I'm sorry adjudicated to be mentally
incompetent
so the NA NR a if we had caught the
shooter before he did the shootings and
we saw we saw all the weapons that he
had the NRA would have defended him 100%
if we said hey can we take guns away
from this kid even though he hasn't been
adjudicated mentally ill the NRA would
have said no way in fact I had the law
that they push for now they won on on
what they were going for because they
gave Donald Trump over 31 million
dollars when he was running for
president and that goes a long way
towards getting Donald Trump to do
whatever you want now first of all does
Donald Trump care about mentally ill
people and making sure they get
treatment absolutely not I could prove
up to you with the numbers his budget
was recently released the budget
blueprint slash spending for the
substance abuse and mental health
administration by six hundred and
sixty-five million dollars additionally
bloomberg reported to the National
Institute of Mental Health would see a
30 percent reduction in funding and half
a billion dollar decrease in 2019 so
what happened I thought you thought the
issue was mental health so why are you
cutting mental health by six hundred and
sixty-five million dollars now to a bill
that the NRA argued on behalf of as
NPR's Scott Horsley noted nearly a year
ago the President signed a bill making
it easier for people with mental illness
to buy guns the new measure rolled back
in Obama era rule that would have
required Social Security Administration
to
records of some beneficiaries with
severe mental disabilities to the FBI's
National instant criminal background
check system NPR Susan Davis report
about 75,000 people found mentally
incapable of managing their financial
affairs would have been affected then
are a push for and because of all the
bribes they gave to Donald Trump and
other Republicans succeeded in passing a
bill that says if you are so mentally
incompetent that you cannot handle your
own finances we still will allow you to
buy a gun they reversed an Obama era
bill that would have prevented the
mentally ill from getting guns they
don't believe it today Nello's now try
to say it's not you guys it's not the
guns as crazy people earlier the people
that Anil OSHA works for insisted that
mentally ill people be allowed to buy
guns why because the NRA gets their
money from people who sell guns so they
want to sell as much as humanly possible
they want to maximize their profits and
they don't sell flowers they don't sell
vegetables they sell weapons weapons
that kill people they make more profit
when more people buy weapons and if they
use those weapons to kill people it
creates a panic which creates even more
weapon buying that is a cycle that is
vicious to us but great for their
business and their bottom line that's
why they paid in Alor so much money to
get out there and lie to you so now that
was a soft stuff she said then she goes
the seatback that's the conservative
conference and she decides oh this is my
crowd now I could be as vicious as I
like so here she is now I'm gonna say
something that some people are going to
say is controversial so I'll say it
really slowly so all the people on the
platform in the back can hear me loud
and clear
many in legacy media love mass shootings
you guys love it now I'm not saying that
you love the tragedy but I am saying
that you love the ratings
crying white mothers are ratings gold to
you and many in the legacy media in the
back and notice I said crying white
mothers because there are thousands of
grieving black mothers in Chicago every
weekend and you don't see townhomes for
them do you
where's the CNN Town Hall for Chicago if
it bleeds it leads doesn't it and I
don't mean to ignore you all here but I
really I'm really looking at a lot of
the legacy media back there on the
platform and you can write whatever you
want about me and you can come find me
in the hallways and you can scream at me
and you can try to confront me
but I'm here we're here we're not going
anywhere I call BS she then tries to
appropriate Emma Gonzalez one of the
students slogan about calling BS man
these people are really sick so if you
want to make a valid point about hey the
media shouldn't publicize the name the
picture of the shooters
that's that's the point we make and and
we try really hard not to say the names
of the shooters
after the initial story we don't want to
glorify the violence and if you on the
other hand want to say that the media
what shouldn't cover the shootings why
shouldn't they cover the shootings
because that shows everybody that you're
the thing that you sell dana murders
people kills people it's that it's
that's what it's designed for guns I
don't know if you know this because
you're pretty stupid guns are designed
to kill things including people and they
do a pretty good job at it and they just
killed 17 people 14 kids in that
parkland school 58 in Vegas 49 in
Orlando and the list goes on and on then
20 in Newtown there's no end to it
there's no end to the massacres but
somehow it's not the people with the
guns doing the massacres it's the people
that are covering the massacres that are
causing the problem no I'm pretty sure
it's the people with the guns killing
them they didn't get killed by a TV they
didn't get killed by a radio that he can
get killed by the Internet they got
killed by a gun but Dana's profits off
of guns you know what that means it
means she loves mass shootings because
it makes her richer but she what does
she do is a classic conservative
projection
she loves mass shootings so she says
don't look at me don't look at me I get
a huge paycheck
NRA to do propaganda for them the NRA
gets huge paychecks from the gun
manufacturers they profit off of you
buying guns and these guys buying guns
and killing people that scares the hell
out of people people buy more guns
well that's a huge win for Dana Loesch
in the NRA because they love mass
shootings Dana Loesch in the NRA the
biggest terrorists in the country
9/11 was about 3,000 people over 30,000
people die every single year from guns
in this country you know how many people
died from guns in Japan no recent year
13 that's it where's three times the
size of Japan so let's call it 39 we
have you know recent year 37,000 gun
related deaths
37,000 versus 39 now 39,000 just 39 you
know why they're not more crazy people
in America than Japan they're not more
violent or criminal people in America
than Japan there's more guns in America
than Japan and Dana Loesch loves it
because she loves mass shootings you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
