Donald Trump met with some of the
survivors from some of the recent mass
shootings yesterday we covered that for
you on the show yesterday afterwards we
found a snapshot as said of course the
rest of the media of his notes from this
get-together
you might remember Sarah Palin writing
on our hand sometimes and people found a
picture of that and it had words like
freedom on it no one understood why that
needed to be written down well we have a
similar case here with Donald Trump
apparently his staffer is needing to
write down very very simple things for
him so let's take a look at the the note
now his hands are partly covering this
there's another one where his hands
aren't covering it but that's okay
so I number one is perfectly normal
what would you most want me to know
about your experience and it goes on
about how can we keep you safe etcetera
Adam you know look you could say they
are simplistic as well and but that's
all totally fine and nothing wrong with
that but look at number five can you see
it there if you can't see it here we'll
show it to you it says I hear you note
number five to the President of the
United States was remember when you have
set up a listening situation in the
White House where your it is called a
listening session when you brought in
these survivors remember to tell them at
the end I hear you
not I'm going to take action not here's
the list of actions I'm going to take
just hear them out and then at the end
say I hear you okay so it's not a huge
story it's just a little emblematic of
Trump and little emblematic of
Washington the staffers write down notes
basically on how to avoid US citizens
and and get around uncomfortable
questions and for a guy like Trump
you've got to keep it incredibly simple
of course Trump being who he is forgot
to turn the note the other way I
remember once he had done a picture
where he said he was working really hard
on a bunch of papers and he turned up
the papers like this so you
see that they were blank in this case he
accidentally turns it the wrong way
so you could hear see oh I'm supposed to
tell you I hear you I am full of empathy
alright well the funny thing is Donald
Trump we hear you if you become a member
of the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh everyday
