where were you the first time you heard
TYT sounds like a bit like a tragedy
right I remember where I was when I
first heard to uit all right no but we
do want to know because these are great
stories and we appreciate it and we love
sharing with everybody so we want to
hear from our members on why you joined
why I took you until now that's an
interesting question what specifically
about TYT made you interested and be
honest with us and we'll share it all
now as you know we're in week six of our
membership drive and we're hoping to get
to a hundred thousand members so that
this is a solid rock and you can never
move the home of progressives that's
what we're trying to do here and so some
of our fans have told us why they decide
to join so we wanted to share it with
you guys so let's start with Kim Kim
told us Anna I love your passion Jake
and you are perfect together and I'm so
glad I found you in 2006 I left an
abusive marriage and you helped me
become strong again Thank You TYT proud
to be part of the 27,000 661 that's the
number of members we had before the
membership drive thank you for being
with us for so long and for being strong
now TYT rebel warrior says only a liar
would not want an FBI investigation into
their actions in the past
since lying to the FBI is a crime also
proud to finally be an activist member
you guys keep everything 100 and I've
given me the best on both sides of the
issues and thank you for not only being
a member but being an activist that
makes a big difference
Lacey told us I love you TYT blown away
at how raw honest and real you are so
proud to be a member and thankful for
your sacrifice and voices thanks for
trudging through on those hard news days
and standing up for progressive values
I'm politically active for the first
time in my life as I could understand
issues as a result of the real reporting
here and honesty it's so refreshing I've
given more money to progressive
candidates since I joined to uit and I
have my whole life yay for a sane news
outlet and Thank You Lacey we're
actually helping other progressives win
makes a huge difference
lastly we heard from our friend Chris
who said just signed up as a TYT member
I've been watching more and more TYT
this year I thought I was watching TYT
live every day want to watch all the
other shows and definitely want to see
all the coverage on election night
really enjoying it thank you Chris thank
you to all of you guys who wrote in we
really appreciate it
come join us become a member
be on the left side of history and if
you aren't yet please come to tea
y-t-dot-com /join and make a difference
