yesterday Kentucky House District 49 had
a special election and in it Democrat
Linda Belcher a former public school
teacher and state lawmaker defeated
Republican Rebecca Johnson 68 percent to
32 percent which is a nice healthy 36
point win which is a lot but it's even
more dramatic than that because it turns
out that the last time around
Trump actually beat Hillary Clinton
there in that same district 72% to 23%
which is with my quick mental math a 300
point swing in favor it's not that bad
but it's a big swing all right so let's
do a bunch of fun things here including
math so it is not apples apples because
she's in a race that against her
opponent and it was not that it was not
the same two people in the race earlier
and Trump and Hillary are not running in
that district you understand all that
stuff but nonetheless if you take
Trump's margin of victory versus now the
Democratic candidate in that districts
margin of victory that is an literally
I've never heard of it in covering
politics for decades now an 85 point
swing and that is not hyperbole John's
Kenny where the 3% obviously but 85%
it's unreal unprecedent I don't know
that there has ever been a larger swing
in American history and guess this is
not apples to apples they would nobody
would track that anyway but that is
unreal now there are some caveats but
before we get to the caveats also
and also a fun prediction right now I
actually have been saying this for a
while but I'm gonna double down on it
tonight
no one believes it but it's true it's
gonna happen in 2020 if the Democrats
have a truly progressive candidate which
I believe they will they will win
Kentucky in the national election
presidential election that's a very
specific yes
Kentucky will go blue become the
Bluegrass State again if you will okay
I've said this before as well 42 states
if you have a Bernie Sanders like
candidate for it I don't care if it's
Trump pence or anyone else 42 states
including Kentucky there I said it
what if they go against the charismatic
a night like a Ted Cruz the audience has
to write this down because that is a
very specific very verifiable prediction
there and hey let's find out there have
been huge huge swings and elections I'm
in swings I like she's huge like
landslides that's the way if I'm trying
to that the word I'm trying to come up
with landslide so it's possible it's
certainly possible yeah and look
sometimes my predictions are a little
off like when I said Jeremy Corbyn would
close a twenty four point lead and he
only closed at 20 points in a month so I
think you should have been fired over
that terrible prediction all right let's
do a couple of caveats I've got sort of
a specific caveat and then I've got sort
of the concern that maybe is a caveat so
the first is that she's not Linda
Belcher is not like brand-new fresh on
the scene like some of the the people
running in these elections sorry I've
been up since 5:30 some of the people
running these elections that we've seen
over the past year and a half she
actually represented that district from
2009 to 2012 and again from 2014 to
January 2017 after being defeated in the
2016 election by a narrow margin and
actually the reason we're having this
special election is that in December
then state representative Dan Johnson a
Republican took his own life after
denying allegations that he'd molested a
17 year old girl
Church where it's served as a pastor
Linda Belcher defeated his widow and
what's interesting is that Linda Belcher
originally ran for office after the
tragic death of her own husband and so a
very unlikely situation there there's a
little bit of drama to it although her
win was both surprising and overwhelming
there are allegations that it's not
legitimate David Adams is the campaign
manager for Republican Rebecca Johnson
who said the big story out of Bullitt
County appears to be voter fraud oh come
on and Rebecca Johnson said I've heard
from people all day long saying they
went to vote for me at the correct
polling place and were refused the
opportunity to vote it's like we're in a
third world country which is that
impossible there are people who attempt
to manipulate elections certainly
there's misinformation spread if they
want to do an investigation to this they
should it's extremely unlikely to
actually overturn the results but we
want to make sure that people are
confident in what happened whether it's
a national election or a Statehouse love
election like this okay so lots of
things here number one it is a
well-known fact that the Russians would
like Kentucky to turn blue they're
really gonna know about Democrats at the
state level no seriously we're talking
about voter four who would do the voter
fraud in the case of Kentucky yeah
Kentucky's controlled completely by
Republicans at this point
so both legislatures are solidly
Republican and the the governor I would
argue is a right-wing lunatic so why
would all the Republicans conspire to
make sure that a Democrat wins by a
gigantic margin it makes no sense no
sense whatsoever
the reality is the Republicans have are
have become the new conspiracy theory
party so a solid chunk of the Republican
Party believes in any of the conspiracy
theory and they ironically they don't
believe in personal responsibility at
all you get your ass kicked in an
election what me it wasn't me it was the
it was the lizard people it was it was
someone else by the way to be fair and
then Democrats have their own issues
with that it was the Russians it was
this it was that okay whether and
whether Russia's meddled or not
Lottery's well
lost so I but at least I they're not
coming out with lizard people and it
makes no sense I would say completely
republican-controlled Kentucky would fix
an election for a Democrat mago works in
mysterious ways
okay so now look I love the size of this
victory in and and by the way let's do a
little bit more celebration it is the
37th state legislative pick up for the
Democrats since Trump has gotten into
office so there it there is a little bit
of a wave building there that is a
decent number of pickup so let's do a
little bit okay all right fine enough
okay but yeah I know but I'll tell you
why that's plenty celebration because
since 2009 the Democrats have lost a
thousand state legislative races seats I
should say they their - a thousand in in
that span of time which is 3.7 percent
back yeah how good the Democrats are at
losing that's part of why I say they're
paid to be losers but here they come
coming back and it's so now is Belcher
the most progressive candidate hard to
tell you don't have a lot of positions
on our website she has good but benign
positions like keep funding of the
Bullitt County Schools support our
working families make sure that her
account gets a share of the road and
infrastructure funds Oh God god bless
right but but not anything
fire-breathing progressive positions and
you go whoa look at that oh my god
somebody running on a medicare-for-all
of one in Kentucky etc so it's not that
okay look and she has won the seat
before so that margin of victory for
Trump in that district is a little
misleading applied to Belcher cuz she
won before Trump now she wins after
Trump yeah and she's running against
apparently a little unhinged conspiracy
theorist widow of a guy who was you know
troubled yes let's put it that way
yeah so there's a lot there's plenty of
caveats there's still an 85 point swing
yeah that and yes so that that's the
final caveat I want to
is that I did as much research as I
could have tried to find out a Linda
Belcher I want her social media I look
to her about ballotpedia would could be
you all that stuff and there's not a lot
of information which is not it's not
suspicious about Linda Belcher she is a
state House representative it's a very
different sort of thing politically
they're not dealing with the national
issues necessarily it's a more specific
and specific to their district but
that's why so we're gonna have our
extravaganza over the beginning of the
primary season the primary season isn't
just exciting in presidential elections
it is exciting and crucial literally
right now because this sort of swing is
happening and it's happened 37 times and
I think a lot of it is going to happen
around strong progressive candidates and
I think the strong progressive
candidates are gonna be the ones best
suited to create these sorts of swings
but they are not exclusively the ones
who are going to create it it's one of
the dangers of a strategy predicated on
putting an absolute monster in office
and hoping that that will inspire people
it will inspire people to not have a
monster in office anymore and so if the
primaries go by and if we're not active
and we allow a bunch of centrist to go
through the primaries I believe that the
likely wave will probably put a wave of
centrist in office that's why we need to
make sure that we don't do that and that
we're active in the primaries we make
sure there are progressive candidates
will win go on into the general election
and then are riding that wave come
November because otherwise and again
this isn't Linda Belcher she doesn't
lovely person I honestly don't know but
we want to make sure that we get the
right people not just a lot of people ok
last two super important points what I
want to just explain if you guys don't
know where the primaries begin on
February 27th we will of course cover
them live we'll have a giant show for
you guys at TYT Network comm slash live
of course you know the show is live
every day 6 to 8 p.m. there but this
will and then you've got rebel
headquarters which covers progressive
news and candidates right afterwards for
half an hour and then at 8:35 that night
we start our coverage of the Arizona
primary and 8th congressional district
there it is the kickoff to the midterm
elections it begins next Tuesday so
don't miss a minute of it it's gonna be
great now the last thing is relevant to
this story and to all those primaries
the reason that Democrats are winning
these 37 seats they won one last week in
Florida
month in Wisconsin one that they weren't
supposed to win some giant swings in
Oklahoma etc is because voter turnout is
the most important thing and that is not
us so there's the Democratic
establishment that yells at progressives
your fault you should turn no no but if
you I don't believe in that at all but
on the other hand I also don't believe
this the establishment Democratic
position which is well we can flip
Republicans in the suburbs so let's go
further
right-wing to try to get Republicans to
vote for us never done a work gotten
work now will never work just in a poll
yesterday on the show Donald Trump among
Republicans is polling at 86% they're
not flipping they're not interested in
flipping that's not what's happening
it's just that they're not that excited
because oh it turns out only the rich
won under Donald Trump Oh turns out he
didn't do anything about swamp so less
of them vote Democrats are excited to
topple this Republican reign so they
show up to vote so excite your voters if
you excite your voters they will show up
and you will win by the way there are a
lot more Democrats than Republicans in
the country there are more registered
Democrats on it on issues the country's
way more progressive I can go into a
dozen polls etc so all we got to do is
we're gonna find exciting candidates non
corrupted candidates progressive
candidates that inspire people to make
the effort to go vote and I think it'll
make all the difference look I think
that the Justice Democratic candidates
are those guys but I think there's also
a ton of other progressives running in
the country I try to feature as many of
them every night at eight o'clock on
rebel headquarters so come check it out
and make sure you learn the right
lessons from elections like this which
is let's go get them if you get up and
vote we're gonna route them if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
