Robert mother Special Counsel with yet
another indictment and yet another
guilty plea and this one's a really
interesting case it is a case of Alex a
vendor's Vaughn
so wait till you find out who he's
connected to first let's give you the
full context
Alex Vander's Vaughn the
russian-speaking son-in-law of a Kremlin
linked oligarch was charged Friday with
lying to investigators about
conversations related to his trial
preparation for Ukrainian politician
Yulia Tymoshenko
Timoshenko Kaye all right he's lying
about this random Ukrainian politician
etc why do we care
well let's keep going the attorney was
accused of lying about his last contact
with former Trump campaign associate
Rick Gates oh and another unnamed person
and with destroying emails about the
unnamed person in September 2016 the
unnamed person based on context clues is
almost certainly Paul Manafort so it
turns out okay might be representing
this Ukrainian guy but the real crime
here was what he wanted to cover up in a
relationship to mana fort and Rick Gates
who work with Donald Trump which then of
course makes you ask the question what
did he want to cover up now remember the
dominoes are falling so Rick Gates has
now turned and taken a plea deal he
worked with Manta Ford for 30 years he
worked on the Trump campaign he worked
in the Trump administration longer than
manna Ford and he worked into the Trump
administration if there are shady
Angoras with the Russia's connected to
Trump Rick Gates isn't very likely to
know now
Rick Gates turns evidence all of a
sudden that exposes a lie of Vander's
Vaughn vanderzwaan
then is caught and now we know that he
deleted the emails that he said he
didn't know anything about and lied
about contacting gates a metaphor
because we have gates testimony so Davos
Vander's vani worked as Skadden Arps was
a real legit lawyer and he doesn't want
to go to federal prison so now he gives
his evidence into the special counsel
let's see where these dominoes continue
vanderzwaan
father-in-law is German Khan who's a
co-founder of alpha bank which fell
under FBI investigation for attempting
repeatedly to link up to a computer
server in Trump Tower during the
presidential campaign okay okay first we
have the name German con which is
already awesome that's right out of a
movie like a Tarantino movie who did it
it was obviously German con but now back
in the real world he is a very pivotal
character in this story because he owns
the Alfa group which owns Alfa Bank now
you might have seen me do this story a
while back if you haven't
there's this mysterious server in
Pennsylvania that is owned by Trump it
keeps getting pinged over and over and
over again and it gets paid by two
groups not for 99% of the pings they
don't know what's in the pings but it is
weird that that 80% of communication
comes from one group an 18% 19% from
another the 19% we find out later is
connected the DeVos family
okay this was before the election and so
the DeVos family then winds up having
Betsy DeVos as education secretary and
Eric prince having his plans accepted in
a secret private CIA funded in in the
budgets that just got approved okay so
who was the 80% 80% of the pings to
Donald Trump's random server in
Pennsylvania were from Alpha Bank so we
don't know if it was communication we
don't know what was in there boy that'd
be great to know
now if vanderzwaan is German Khan's
son-in-law and he's turning over
evidence now I don't know that he's got
the goods on his father-in-law who was a
Russian oligarch by the way he should
get some protection but now we have
something very interesting afoot okay
more on this con
alpha bank showed up repeatedly in the
dossier produced by former British spy
Christopher Steele and the plot thickens
okay so there's a lot of misinformation
out there on the Internet
some people are saying oh that the Trump
server being pinged by alpha bank was
disproved not remotely true i
double-checked into it it is not at all
disproven it is definitely the case the
fact that it's in the dossier is the
least convincing part of it
many lengthy reports afterwards
confirming that yes some of the top
cybersecurity experts that are not
connected to the US government
confirming that those pings happen again
they don't know what's in the pings if
they did that of course we'd have a far
more interesting story but for whatever
reason one of the largest banks in
Russia is constantly communicating with
Donald Trump and the son-in-law now know
that represented some of those folks has
pled guilty to the Special Counsel ooh
interesting times okay
now finally it's not the only thing
that's going on you've got gates whose
turn as I told you Flynn is also turn a
Papadopoulos is turn they're all giving
evidence the special counsel but I want
you to remember something when the
special counsel takes a plea deal that
is not hey Mike Flynn thanks for telling
us the truth finally we really
appreciate it so we'll go lighter on you
no they give you the plea deal in return
for information they did not have and if
your information is BS they get rid of
the plea deal so that is standard
prosecutorial conduct that is that's how
you operate that means that Mike Flynn
and Papadopoulos and all of these guys
gates now vanderzwaan
had important and relevant information
that the special counsel was willing to
deal on to give them a lesser sentence
okay we'll all find out what happens
soon enough but if you still think oh
there's nothing going on here 13
Russians have been indicted for meddling
in the elections and then all these
people have guilty pleas but I'm sure
there's no smoke
there's no fire they're in the midst of
a smoke storm but it's not just
there are four it's all these
indictments those are fires anyway but
one other guy related to all this and
that's Jared Kushner and now let's go to
him because apparently another report
out where Muller and his team are
looking into Kushner's business dealings
especially during the transition now he
bought one of the most expensive pieces
of real estate in history in the middle
of New York on Park Avenue Kushner and
his family did it turn into a disaster
just like Donald Trump he is the son of
an actually successful person and
doesn't know what he's doing
Jared Kushner so he bought it at its
height in 2007 and the collapse happened
in 2008 oops there's still a massive
trouble with that building that's 666
Park Avenue and so they try to unload it
to on bond which is largely owned by the
Chinese government that turned into a
giant mess when the press found out
about it and the Chinese pulled out he
tried to unload it to Qatar that turned
into a mess and the the sheiks from
Qatar pulled out and it turns out he
also talked to the Russians about it
okay now let's go there
CNN reports also during the transition
Kushner met with Sergei Gourcuff
chairman of Russian state-run Finnish
Economo bank of course all the
pronunciations are wrong let's move
forward Kirchner testified on Capitol
Hill that the meeting was for official
US government purposes but the Russian
bank maintains that the sit-down in New
York was part of their Roadshow of
business meetings and that Gourcuff met
Kushner because he ran Kushner companies
so yet another lie by Jared Kushner one
that the other side clearly shows it's
not true tick-tock tick-tock until
Kushner decides maybe a plea deals not
so bad sorry papa
okay last fall Kushner turned over
documents pertaining to the campaign and
transition to both Muller and
congressional investigators sources told
CNN in November Kushner spoke to
investigators in November for less than
two hours than the dominate topic was
Michael Flynn according to two people
familiar with the meeting
who spoke to CNN at the time now let's
remember that Michael Flynn and Jared
Kushner were in a meeting with the
Russians together and Michael Flynn has
already turned over that evidence to the
special counsel tick-tock tick-tock if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
