so a billboard just popped up in
Kentucky right around Interstate 65 it's
it's not actually a billboard that was
authorized by anyone it's final ISM
let's show it to you and it says killed
an RA okay now do I think this is a good
idea
no I think it's a terrible terrible idea
first of all if you are progressive and
I don't know that the people who put
that up or progressive I have no idea
who put it up if I was a right-winger I
immediately would have made up a
conspiracy about how it was a right-wing
donor and bla bla and they connected the
pizzas I'm out right but the reality is
nobody knows who did that vandalism at
least not yet
and so it doesn't matter it's a terrible
idea no matter who did it and what their
political beliefs are and if you're
progressive you should be for
non-violence and if you care about gun
control no matter what your politics are
and you are angry at the NRA saying kill
the NRA is deeply ironic we're worried
about gun violence that leads to death
the answer is not more death
the third thing about this is I don't
know if you know this but they have more
guns than you do so trying to get into a
gunfight with the NRA is a probably a
bad idea
stick to politics stick to our
democratic form of government now having
said that it is graffiti it is a sign it
is not action still a terrible idea
but now let's go to the Nira reaction
they put up a Facebook post saying this
is a wake up call
they're coming after us okay like look
you look at the side I just told you how
bad it is and you could say maybe that's
a justifiable reaction right all right
now let me give you the context the NRA
still has not said anything about the
parkland Florida shooting they didn't
say it was terrible
they didn't say they're coming after our
kids they didn't say we need to take
action they didn't propose an
alternative hypothesis as to what went
wrong and how it needs to be addressed
in fact their social media went quiet
for six days and this happens after
every shooting the NRA is normally
tweeting like crazy and right before the
massacre they
we did a heart-shaped box with a couple
of guns on it saying yeah give these
weapons that to murder people to your
loved ones so they might one day
accidentally shoot you okay that subtext
was added by me but that was the tweet
that they sent out and after the
shooting just like after all other
shootings and massacres now they're like
oh what quits what names so and they
went quiet
no condolences no nothing finally after
six long days they put up a tweet about
something else entirely having nothing
new of the shooter so to review if kids
are murdered in the massacre yeah I
don't much say about that but if someone
put up the wrong sign oh my god this is
a wake-up call
they're coming after us everybody do
what let me guess
grab their guns buy more guns that
message brought to you by the gun
manufacturers of America so at least now
you know their priorities if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
