Cape Town in South Africa has been
dealing with a severe drought over the
last three years recently we covered
this story and talked about it in
greater detail but we do have an update
that seems like it's a little bit of a
positive but overall Cape Town is still
dealing with a drought that is limiting
their water supply in a serious way
now Cape Town has just announced that
its water saving measures which require
each citizen to use less than 50 litres
a day had successfully pushed back day
zero to the fourth of June previously
Cape Town was predicting that they would
run out of water by April 12 so since
they're conserving water and they're
taking extreme measures that day it has
been pushed back it's been postponed a
little bit now the 50 litre limit just
to give you an idea is just enough for a
very short shower about a minute and a
half and a one flush of the toilet a day
when other needs including just one load
of the washing machine a week are taken
into account so they can wash laundry
once a week which doesn't seem that
extreme that's kind of what I already do
but one minute and a half for a shower
and again their water is limited 50
litres a day per person I mean if you're
a family before you could only flush
your toilet once a day no don't want to
think about it that's a disaster that is
a disaster now this is not only having
impact negative impacts on the
livelihood of people living in Cape Town
but it's also having a negative impact
on a huge source of revenue for Cape
Town and for South Africa which is
tourism so at one cape town hotel
visitors who insist on a bath which
takes 80 litres of water now have to
carry a large rubber duck placed in
their bathtub to reception and then they
exchange that for a bath plug so it's
what are they shaming them honestly if I
were in Cape Town as a tourist and I
want to take a bath
I would hope that people would shame me
80 litres of water when when the people
actually living there can only use 50
litres a day and that's just for one bet
don't take a bathroom Cape Town yeah
but I mean this is the insanity of our
planet right now where we're celebrating
that a major city in the world is going
to run out of water a little later than
we expected this year also tourism both
foreign and South African contributes
3.4 billion dollars to the provinces
economy each year so there's a lot of
worry now that because of this drought
in Cape Town
tourists are less likely to travel there
and they'll have a rippling effect on
other parts of South Africa because
oftentimes these trips begin with Cape
Town and then they move on to other
parts of South Africa now hotels have
also installed low-flow showerheads
turned off fountains and replaced cloth
napkins with paper ones also I read the
story about how one Airport decided to
shut off the water to all of the sinks
except for one of them in the bathroom
and there was a long line for people to
wash their hands so you know look I I
think taking these measures is important
they have to do it but this is you know
just another example of extreme weather
conditions that are exacerbated or
created by climate change and in the
last money they have from tourism the
less money they have to fix this
situation and to be able to bring more
water into the city so it creates a
vicious cycle
kind of like the vicious cycles that
everybody was warning about but hey if
you're a trump supporter you don't live
in South Africa so I guess it didn't
happen if you liked this video bless
your heart we got a lot more where that
came from we do a full show every day
Monday through Friday come enjoy ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
