hi Tucker Carlson's white pilling your
dad's every night on the left you may
have noticed everything is about race
everything even things have nothing to
do with race there's one thing Tucker
Carlson hates it's continuing to wear
bowties that and talking about race
unless it's about preserving the white
race everybody it's a safe space except
white men they are hated and despised
attacking white men for being white back
white men for their privilege and a
whole bunch of ways I was handed a box
of saltine crackers and in a group chat
during the event a student Photoshop my
face onto the cracker this is what
Tucker Carlson's doing with Bill
O'Reilly's coveted 8:00 p.m. slot on Fox
News which is currently the third most
popular cable news show in the country
by the way just applause I assume that's
a that's a slur against red Nissa T
correct I've talked about this on my
twitch a lot but only the most important
subjects are covered on Tucker show like
white genocide which is in fact
something that the left is advocating
for apparently but he did not notably
advocate for genocide a Georgetown
professor called Christine fair did do
that imagine being a producer on
Tucker's show constantly scouring the
internet looking for blue check mark
Twitter users saying dumb things while
they're emotionally distraught in order
to make wild claims like that the left
is advocating for why genocide of course
this isn't how white genocide is
actually happening according to the
folks
Tucker is mirroring why genocide is
happening because immigration is
changing the nation's demographics and
it's being justified by an evil liberal
plot called
diversity diversity is our strength they
screech as if that settles the
conversation by itself like a magic
talisman diversity we hear about it
non-stop
it's the mainstream motto fuckers
relentless attacks against diversity
multiculturalism and immigrants as a
whole are literally identical to white
supremacist white nationalists and
neo-nazis
they're also reductive and oftentimes
completely baseless comparisons how
precisely is diversity our strength
since you've made this our new national
motto please be specific as you explain
it well for one diverse executive boards
generate better returns among countless
other studies that show the many
benefits of diversity but I'm sure the
biases
racially anxious agitators are more
important than empirical evidence can
you think for example of other
institutions such as I don't know
marriage or military units in which the
less people have in common the more
cohesive they are well Tucker you have
the most in common with your family
members are you suggesting keeping
marriage within your family why do you
want to have sex with your cousin's
Tucker also as far as non diverse
militaries go maybe you should open a
history book and take that up with
general robert e lee's go on talk what
else latin-american countries are
changing election outcomes here by
forcing demographic change on this
country to rate that American voters
consistently say they don't want this
assertion is preposterous because I mean
it's completely untrue just look at
polling data seventy-five percent of
Americans say that immigration is a good
thing so who are the Americans you're
referring to here these guys it sounds
to me like we got a problem with people
who got here legally altering the
landscape politically I don't like it
you stop it but I guess we should just
run the country on the white fragility
of crying neo-nazis as opposed to the
overwhelming majority of Americans
wishes but play us out Tucker
give us a cherry-picked example that
could easily be countered with facts
Hazleton spallation was 2 percent
Hispanic just sixteen years later
Hazleton is majority Hispanic that's a
lot of change people grew up in Hazleton
returned to find out they can't
communicate with the people who now live
there and that's boil during for people
Hazelton is a perfect example of
immigrants saving a small coal mining
town from absolute economic annihilation
by opening up small businesses and even
the large immigrant run corporations who
have brought jobs over to the small town
this is of course despite the efforts
made by the white population to fight
off the immigrant scourge with
unconstitutional regulations and even
the NatGeo article that you're using
here to advance your narrative mentions
the reality that immigration has
drastically improved Hazleton well you
won't hear that part because Tucker's
not in the business of making America
better he's just trying to do white
identity politics and I'm sorry to tell
you this Tucker but facts don't care
about your feelings I'm a sound biker if
you're mad that one of the biggest cable
news shows is spreading white
nationalist propaganda please share this
video with your friends and leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
also join me live every day from 4:00
p.m.
p.m. Pacific at twitch TV / Hassan hobby
and this has been the breakdown want to
see more videos like this well then
subscribe to the TYT channel below also
don't forget to become a Qi team member
you can get access for as little as
$4.99 a month also download the TYT Plus
app on your phone or head over to tea
y-t-dot-com / join today
