the Disney Marvel movie Black Panther
broke all sorts of records of the box
office during its opening weekend and
unfortunately the movie has become
politicized in some negative ways but
first let's start off with the positive
according to reports the movie over
performed massively by grossing two
hundred and one point seven million over
the three-day weekend the biggest
domestic debut for any film that's not a
character team-up movie or part of a
sequel trilogy so that's nice that's fun
also the film was powered in part by the
second-largest Thursday preview night
ever
at 25 point 2 million as well as the
second biggest Sunday in film history
sixty point 1 million notching just
behind the force awakens which came in
at 60 point six million dollars so black
panther also represents the biggest
domestic debut by a black director so
this is where things unfortunately
needlessly become political and
politicized
so the filmmaker behind this film was
ryan coogler he is a black filmmaker and
also when you look at the cast you'll
notice that first of all the co writers
were all black and there were no white
Americans in featured roles they were in
supporting roles so nearly half of the
film's North American audience by the
way was female more than 60% was older
than 25 just to give you a sense of you
know the demographic that went in to see
them film it did well made a lot of
money so far it's expected to make even
more money but some people decided to
take this positive story and turn it
into negative one we'll get to that in
just a second yeah so before we get to
the badness on this already there's some
degree of madness right wing why would
you be opposed to this I mean aren't you
betraying yourself by being opposed to
oh and by the way let's be fair it's not
all right wingers not all Republicans
but obviously some that are enraged
aren't if there's a million movies that
are mainly all-white casts what's the
big deal about having a movie that's
mainly black cast so what yeah I don't
know why that's an issue like I
have a dog in any of these fights like
really white I'm not black I'm so in
between and I feel like okay some movies
are white but you know it'd be nice to
have a diverse set on some of these so
that if other people can feel
represented but most of the movies are
all white but this is mainly a white
country and that movie happens to be
mainly by great what's I just don't
understand what the big deal is but it
look it makes black people look heroic
maybe that's a potential issue so I want
to be as fair as possible when covering
this story as far as I've seen and I
might be wrong because I don't have eyes
everywhere at all times as far as I've
seen
there haven't been politicians or
members of the GOP or public figures who
identify as right-wing who have come out
and said negative things about this film
however there have been a number of
trolls online who have been spreading
propaganda a blot about the black
community in regard to this film so you
may have seen some photos pop up on
social media particularly Twitter which
is probably one of the worst place
places on the Internet where people
claimed that they were assaulted by
black audience members as they went to
go see the film now all of these
accounts have been debunked because the
images that they used have been traced
back to others that have absolutely
nothing to do with this film let's take
a look at a few of the examples again
these are all fake these have all been
debunked the first one shows an image of
a bloody towel or napkin the person
tweeted was that the Black Panther
premiere but a group of black youth said
this movie wasn't for me I am white they
then proceeded to assault me I'm heading
to the ER now that tweet was retweeted
about 400 times before it was debunked
and taken down by Twitter so some people
are buying into this propaganda again I
you can't really trace it back to any
political group right it could just be
trolls looking to get a rise out of
other people but the fact that their
mind goes there should say no no I'm
gonna go further than you yeah I'm gonna
connected a group
it's right-wingers there aren't
progressive racists out there who are
like let me start racist
memes so that is not a phenomenon that
exists at any kind of scale in America
are there right-wing racist online who
love to start racist memes yes
dime-a-dozen and so and look I know that
a lot of the trolls think that they're
funny and they're like look I guess I'm
a right-winger but me racist no I'm just
having fun but you are telling people
and a lot of people don't know you're
kidding and I guess your great amusement
like haha I'm kidding but they don't
know it it's kind of a weird backwards
thing in comedy right like comedians are
usually successful what other people
realize they're funny and then laugh
they get a rise out of no one realizes
that we're liars isn't that funny
but in reality if they don't realize
you're lying they might actually think
that black people attacked a white
person I think that's an anecdote it
happens to be a fake one but it could
scare people and if you spread it around
and around and around you do it over and
over again you have purposely spread
this malicious smear against Blacks in
America that they randomly attack white
people and that's not funny that's
racist that's the definition of racism
black people are bad and violent and
attacked white people for no reason by
the way I lied I made it up because it's
not true but I'm saying it because I'm
an effing racist and also stone it I
know but here's the thing
I don't I don't believe anything on
Twitter anymore including but Anna
you're savvy about it how many people
believe everything they see on Twitter I
know but listen to what I'm saying
not that I of course I'm not gonna
believe this kind of like propaganda
racist propaganda but more importantly
it's hard for me to believe that it's
actual people behind these tweets and
what I mean by that is it could be bus
it could be a small group of people that
like to you know lead to some divide in
the country by using whatever technology
they have to you know maximize the
number of these types of tweets that's
what I mean yeah I understand and it
could be that initially it was a couple
racist here and then the Russians
thought oh this is wonderful right
racism it divides America perfectly
right but either way it's the 3 R's
right wingers racists and Russians there
are no progressive sending terrible
racist memes about black people in
America so that was just one example
there are several other examples all of
which again have been debunked they've
been taken off of social media another
example showed a Swedish woman who had
been assaulted before way before this
movie came out but the person who sent
this tweet out said I went to see Black
Panther with my girlfriend and a black
teenager shouted you at the wrong
theatre and smashed a bottle on her face
yeah that's again a Swedish girl who was
assaulted in a completely different
incident years ago another example a man
laying in a hospital bed with black eyes
the person said they threw me out of the
theater and said it wasn't my movie I
don't have insurance and can't see that
was 23 year-old Michael volar who was
hit in the face in London in May of 2017
an attack that was reportedly
precipitated by anger over the results
of a soccer game and it goes on and on
and I'm gonna skip a couple of them and
just go straight to graphic 83 one
person also used Rob Porter's wife's
image to make it seem as though she was
attacked while seeing this movie and
they're pretending of course is she was
a different person but that is
particularly ironic the right wing using
the ex-wife of of a right winger who had
committed domestic abuse against her in
allegations that have been laid out
recently about Rob Porter so a
Republican beats up his wife then they
use the picture to say black people did
it at a Black Panther movie screening
well look well less but you don't want a
couple of last things here one if it's
if it's the Russians or whoever it is
some people of Macedonian whatever it
might be right I all I know is
it is almost consistently done to the
benefit of the right-wingers and so they
just keep pounding at this issue of race
and then they'll turn around and go you
guys are race obsessed we're not the
ones spreading fake news about how black
people attacked white people randomly
you're the monsters that are doing that
and if you're and then by the way it was
the good news is it was wildly
unsuccessful as an appointed out huge
opening weekend so that's a happy note
the country is not anywhere near as
racist as these guys make them out to be
and as right-wing as these guys make
them out to be they make it seem like or
Trump won so the whole country's racist
and right-wing they don't wants a racist
but they'll say you know as against
unlimited immigration and banning
Muslims and in black crime and all that
stuff right but it turns out no a lot of
people want to see the movie and finally
know what happened I thought
right-wingers were in favor of the free
market free market is spoken they love
the movie so this is you trying to fight
back in pathetic ways and at least
there's other things like our show to
call you out that's probably what drives
him crazy about our show so jr jackson
is our producer you guys see him on
camera all the time he has black
superheroes tattooed on his arms so he
had the black panther before the black
panther was cool there it is
and he's also got Luke Cage on on his
arms as well these are all before the
show's came out the movies came out and
he had done this upon realizing that he
was into black panther prior to this
movie even coming out he decided to buy
a loft in Brooklyn he is now also
drinking organic trade free coffee free
trade coffee busy he's a hipster who was
onto trans before the trends even
existed and but anyway I love to say
told you this is not really it told you
but apparently Junior
ahead of the times so movie producers
look at the rest of the tattoos you'll
have your next movie if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now t whitey network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
