so Senate Democrats wound up doing a
focus group to not amongst themselves
obviously Oh voters to see what they
thought of the Republicans and the
Democrats and they're gonna need this
information to figure out what to run on
in the 2018 elections well first of all
wouldn't it be nice if they didn't have
to ask a focus group if they actually
cared about policies and they were true
progressives and they knew what to fight
on and they were desperate to get
changed in the country and they wanted
to make sure that everybody had health
care and college and a decent wage okay
I get it they're politicians but what
happened in the focus group is really
interesting the voters had this quote
for them and again the focus group
doesn't know that the Senators are gonna
look at it they're just being asked in a
room and they tell them what their real
opinion is quote Republicans have the
wrong agenda Democrats have no agenda
yeah as usual they're exactly right the
voters are right and the politicians are
wrong
they get it they're like look man we can
see the Republicans with our own eyes
wrong agenda got it what's your agenda I
don't know it you know why the corporate
Democrats almost never fight for their
age they don't even know what it is
that's what they're asking a focus group
so let's see what they took away from it
so Axios reporting a senate aide told me
leadership is acutely aware of this
problem and hopes immigration will find
fill their agenda gap okay is fighting
for immigration reform the correct
policy yes have the Democrats even done
that no they had every opportunity
during the budget negotiations to fight
for daca and they chose not to but
that's not why I'm frustrated I'm also
frustrated about that but the main
reason here is they're like I don't know
what to believe and I'm looking at a
focus group and I'm like oh maybe
immigration maybe that'll fill the gap
one issue just one issue you have you
have opinions on anything else and by
the way why immigration why to fill the
giant gap of there no agenda because as
usual Democratic Party is playing
identity politics
Latinos come here come here we'll
eventually do immigration reform I we
didn't do it now we didn't use our
leverage because that would have upset
the markets and hence our donors and we
care a lot about more about them than we
do about you but come here Latinos yeah
immigration I care about immigration
that's gonna fill my Empty gap of a mind
as a democratic politician another top
Senate aid however told me their
messaging will highlight a broader set
of issues including pensions opioid
funding childcare and student loans they
will boast that they move the ball
forward on these issues with the budget
deal oh yeah
first of all all of those are anodyne oh
you're for helping people with opioid
addiction are you also for breathing
oxygen Wow congratulations a bold bold
move
I'm not saying be against those things
but those are all lamps and what do you
mean student loans you want to wipe out
student loans no no practical not
practical with that kind of money we
could finance another war in the Middle
East not practical so what do you mean
help with student loss
I know help around the edges that's
pocket change Democrats so their list is
not remotely progressive it is as small
a progressive agenda as you could
possibly have the second part that's
frustrating about that quote is we'll
brag about what we did with a budget
deal no that's why we told you not to
support the budget deal that was a
Republican budget that you just passed
don't brag about that you should be
doing a campaign for all the things that
you would pass if you were in charge not
the crumbs that the Republicans gave you
off of their table but you don't want to
do that kind of campaign because you
don't actually want to pass anything if
you're in charge we saw what happened
when you had a supermajority you push
that Boulder all the way up a hill and
finally got Mitt Romney's health care
plan passed and if you don't know look
look it up the Obama health care plan
was copying Mitt Romney's plan in
Massachusetts it was copying Heritage
Foundation a right-wing think tanks plan
if you look you say hey it's better than
what we had I agree with you but those
are the crumb
off of the Republican table ten
Democrats have a vision for something
that would be better if they won
I know progressives can I no uncorrupted
Democrats running as just as Democrats
and and and others backed by our
revolution and other actual progressive
groups yes they can
they're running because they are
desperate for change they've quit their
jobs someone will take no salary at all
because they fight for change but for
the corporate Democrats the overwhelming
majority of the establishment Democrats
in Washington oh what's our plan eeny
Meeny I don't know what did our donors
say can we just keep it going enough on
neutral gee I can't tell why we're
losing because one side has an agenda
it's a terrible agenda the other side
has nothing okay last one
from quote from Axios here covering this
story John this one is several top Hill
Democrats told me they worry too many of
their colleagues think they can flip the
house just by bashing Trump and talking
about Russia well it's good to see that
there are a couple of same Democrats
left in the country but they are
apparently overwhelmed by the other
Democrats in in the House and the Senate
that is a terrible idea
to just run against Trump and talk about
Russia look you want want to run against
Trump in some portions of your campaign
of course I hear you I understand that
and and overall there's a lot of sense
than that but if that's the only thing
you have to offer well that's what
Hillary Clinton did she ran against
Trump okay now look she can say she had
all the white papers in the world but
what does she emphasized in the media
what message did she try to deliver
when she was on the campaign trail and
in the debates it was mainly and in
their political ads it was bashing Trump
bashing Trump bashing Trump but people
saw but what's your agenda it looks like
you're for the status quo and that is
the number one problem that the
Democratic Party has because in reality
they a lot of them are for the status
quo talking about Russia during the
elections you want to encourage the
special counsel to continue as
investigation wonderful there's not only
nothing wrong with that I think it's
exactly what should happen in a
democracy you want to talk about that on
the campaign trail how's that gonna
equal higher wages for the average
American is that gonna pay for the
college education to get equality of
opportunity is that going to give them
healthcare when they get sick and their
mom needs treatment talk about their
lives have a real agenda but as long as
they are hooked on that corporate money
they're never ever gonna do it
so vote all those bums out in the
primaries that are coming put in as many
progressives as you can because they'll
at least fight for you and you'll know
they'll fight for you and if they don't
take corporate PAC money like the
Justice Democratic candidates don't and
now more and more beginning to not take
corporate PAC money we're winning on
that issue then at least you know
they're uncorrupted and that makes all
the difference because this is the
corrupted and they're useless if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
