so tragic shooting in parkland Florida
17 people dead now people are reacting
and fighting back and the people that
are leading the charge in this case kids
students including a demonstration out
in front of White House today let me
show you some of the pictures exactly 17
DC students lie down in front of the
White House today obviously to protest
their lack of any action in protecting
the kids and doing any type of gun
control and and they're they're asking
that the White House take action and I
hope they do and one of the reasons they
said that they were doing it is because
they said look there's been basically
one school shooting every other day in
the year 2018 we don't know it literally
could be us tomorrow that's powerful
all right now some of the students that
were in the last shooting in Florida
have spoken out and are continuing to
speak out also saying we must take
action let's go to student Cameron Cask
you first my message for the people in
office is you're either with us or
against us we are losing our lives while
the adults are playing around and we
have received endless support from your
generation and we thank everybody for
that immensely because we really
appreciate it we don't need you on March
24th you are going to be seeing students
in every single major City marching and
we have our lives on the line here and
at the end of the day that is going to
be what's bringing us to victory and to
making some sort of right out of this
tragedy so I'm going to tell you more
about that March in a second and give
you the information on how you can
participate but now let's go to Emma
Gonzalez another student from the high
school so what do you say to the NRA
disband dismantle and take another
organization yeah make another
organization under a different name
don't you dare come back here well I
know that of course I know for a fact
it's the next door we're gonna do for
you guys the servers are now attacking
the students but I think that you
might have a different point of view if
you saw one of your best friends and
your classmates getting shot in the head
so I think that these kids are brave I
love that they're speaking out they are
unfortunately right that the adults
don't appear to be doing anything so
here's more from Cameron Cassie
much more that needs to be done and much
more than people like Marco Rubio and
Rick Scott are not doing and it's scary
to think that these are the people who
are making our laws when our community
just took 17 bullets to the heart and it
feels like the only people who don't
care are the people making the laws yeah
it's not that they don't care to be fair
they just care more about the checks
they get from the NRA
that's what corruption looks like last
one from Amica zealous tougher gun laws
do not decrease gun violence we call
they say that no laws could have been
able to prevent the hundreds of
senseless tragedies that have occurred
we-well I'm gonna have some facts to
back up what she's saying there in a
minute but first I want to tell you
about the different marches that are
going on how you could participate the
national school walcott planned by the
woman's March organizers will be on
March 14th at 10:00 a.m. in each time
zone it calls for students faculty
parents and others to walk out of school
for 17 minutes one minute for each
person who was killed in the Florida
school shooting here's the website and
the Facebook page for them obviously
these are complicated URLs that's okay
we have it down below in the description
box on youtube and in the comment
section on Facebook so you can just
click on them also for the next one this
is the one that the students were
talking about the March for our lives is
scheduled for March 24th the details are
thin right now but students and
activists plan to march on Washington DC
and other US cities I'm quoting Vox
there here's their websites and Facebook
URLs also in the description box and
comment section depending on where
you're watching this
and
and Vox continues to explain that both
the events will focus on calling
Congress to act on gun violence which is
very logical but I mean it should be the
least controversial thing on the planet
after this massacre and the one before
that and the one we know we've had four
massacres in in the last five months
I'm not know about mass shootings that's
almost every day massacres dozens of
people shot you guys Sutherland Springs
Texas where that they lost 26 people in
a church 58 people in Vegas
obviously Parkland just happened but
it's a controversial position in
Washington the Republicans are like do
something about gun violence oh no way
no way I the nra pays my bills I'm not
gonna touch that if my life depended on
it and if my Steve Scalise was shot
comes out he's like are the checks still
clearing yeah okay great I'm still with
the NRA okay now here's a third march
that they said for actions is April 20th
which will be the 19th anniversary of
the massacre at Columbine High School
alternate reporting on that third March
the Twitter account for the national
school walkout which will start a Friday
declares we are the students who are the
victims we are change their Facebook
link is right here and again a these are
easy clicks in the description box and
oftentimes also in the eye if you scroll
over the video there's an eye that pops
up there that will also have the links
for you guys whenever we talk about
links on YouTube okay now let me give
you some of the stats that shows that
Emma Gonzales is right about gun
violence in America the u.s. makes up
less than 5% of the world's population
but holds 31% of global mass shooters
that is not an accident and the rest of
the data bear that out
the US has nearly six times the gun
homicide rate of Canada more than seven
times that of Sweden and nearly 16 times
that of Germany according to the United
Nations data compiled by the Guardian
gun deaths are a big reason in America
is a much higher overall homicide rate
than other developed nations turns out
we are number one we're number one in
kill
our selves with guns that is literal it
is a fact and by the way this is not hey
the US has sixteen times as many gun
homicides than Germany bubur a bigger
country notes per capita per capita
where we kill ourselves with guns at a
rate 16 times higher than Germany you
know why it's not a lot of guns in
Germany and there's a ton of guns in
America they get in a fight in Germany
they do you know why because they're
humans and they yell at each other and
maybe they slap or punch each other and
that's terrible
here in America we get in a fight grab a
gun and shoot someone and kill them
that's why our homicide rate is way
higher or and and and we and we have the
mass shootings to boot here let me show
you another graph on mass shootings this
is a chart that shows you a number of
guns in the country and then number of
mass shootings Hey look at that
turns out the more guns you have
America's almost off the chart there in
the upper right corner the more mass
shooters you have and the rest of the
world is in the lower left corner they
don't have very many guns and they don't
have very many mass shooters oh these
just all of these studies have to be one
offs wrong let's go to a collection of
studies a 2016 review of 130 studies in
10 countries found that new legal
restrictions on owning and purchasing
guns tended to be followed by drop in
gun violence a strong indicator that
restricting access the guns can save
lives so you have to repeat these super
obvious things because it just will not
get through to Republican legislators
now federal background checks it don't
get me wrong it gets through the
Americans not just the Democrats but the
Republicans about 93% of Americans are
in favor of universal background checks
what the politicians won't do it so
here's another study if you say wow okay
maybe they're just in favor of that one
small piece of gun control based on Pew
surveys there are way more adults in the
US who believe that gun laws should be
stricter overall that's 52 percent then
those who believe gun laws should be
less strict that's an 18% that's a tiny
minority but they are
so loud and the money of the NRA is so
loud that 18% of the country
teaming up with tens of millions of
dollars from weapons manufacturers is
drowning out the voice of the rest of us
and finally one more piece of context
from German Lopez at Vox this has
happened dozens of times over the years
talking about the shootings and then the
protests the December 2012 shooting at
Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown
Connecticut in which a gunman killed 20
children six adults and himself
similarly led to calls for action since
then there have been more than 1,600
mass shootings killing more than 1,800
people and wounding more than 6400 many
of these events led to speeches and
events but Congress refused to budge
every time will it be different this
time I hope so and I hope that all the
students and their parents and everyone
else goes out to these marches and and
then says you know what I'm not gonna
vote for another Republican or Democrat
if they're taking NRA money and selling
our kids out and letting them get killed
in one mass shooting after another after
another because they'd like another
donation from the NRA we're tired of it
in fact another story I have in the news
free today is one of the top Republican
donors down in Florida said No Mas I'm
not giving the Republicans any more
money until they do something about
assault weapons
enough is enough how many kids have to
die that is a fair question we should
keep asking it until we have the answer
from our politicians you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
