so of course we have the indictments
came out from Robert Muller 30
indictments to the Russians one extra
one for it at involves an American on
meddling in the elections now the
national security adviser for President
Trump that's general McMaster says that
the evidence is incontrovertible there's
no question that the Russians meddled in
the list of people saying that goes on
and on and and filled with Republicans
Chuck Grassley who's been helping Donald
Trump and a thousand different ways in
the Senate saying it is absolutely clear
that the Russians meddled in the
elections and Donald Trump the next time
he sees Putin should tell him about it
and tell him that we're gonna take
action yeah I wouldn't hold your breath
senator grassley so but now that it has
been proven that there is at least
evidence of the Russian meddling is
Donald Trump going to accept that is Fox
News going to accept that well the
answer is partly this is going to be
good
so first of all Donald Trump would like
to do a deflection and this is
particularly grotesque he says very sad
that the FBI missed all the many signals
sent out by the Florida School shooter
this is not acceptable they are spending
too much time trying to prove Russia
collusion with the Trump campaign there
is no collusion get back to the basics
that make us all proud that is super
gross to use the Florida shooting for
your own personal benefit and to try to
end an investigation that might or might
not show that you worked in in collusion
with the Russians but for you to now
attack the FBI using a shooting as an
excuse to try to cover up your own
potential crimes it doesn't get any
grosser than that so that is one way
that they are trying to deflect blame
now the second one is the more amusing
one which is to blame Obama of course of
course
so Trump says finally a little Adam
Schiff the leaking monster of no control
is now blaming the Obama administration
for Russia meddling in the 2016 election
he's finally write about something Obama
was president
knew of the threat and did nothing Thank
You Adam
so now that is partly true I think that
the Obama administration should have
done a lot more Joe Biden revealed why
they didn't just a little while ago
about a month ago or so when he said
they were afraid of what conservatives
and Steve Bannon were going to say that
is so so sad so now that doesn't mean
that Obama was the person responsible
for the Russian meddling or that they
did it on behalf of Obama Obama and his
party certainly did not benefit from the
Russian mentally Trump did that doesn't
mean that he collaborated with them but
he's certainly the benefactor of that
now to turn around and blame Obama
exclusively for it is ridiculous to say
that to least to say the least one more
from Trump here he says now that Adam
ship is starting to blame President
Obama for Russia meddling in the
election he's probably do so as yet
another excuse of Democrats led by their
fearless leader crooked Hillary Clinton
lost 2016 election but wasn't I a great
candidate it's such a pathetic weird
thing to ask on Twitter you're already
the president just let it go man
now I know you can't let the Russian
investigation go because they're likely
to catch you but in terms of the
election who won who lost you're in the
White House you won let it go let it go
yes she got more votes than you yes
they're making excuses that part I agree
with but but he can't let it go this she
had got more popular rows and he's still
trying to attack Hillary Clinton and of
course in a roundabout way to say when
Hillary and Obama were in charge some of
these guys to FBI were still here
let's fire them all not because he's
worried about Obama or Hillary but
because he's worried about what they're
gonna find out about him of course so
now we are gonna go to videos where we
show you Sean Hannity Wayne so here's
Fosters have they also picked up this
absurd idea that in fact the Russian
meddling is Obama's fault let's find out
this Putin led operation back in 2009
nobody in the media is telling you
started over years before a year and a
half before the Sophia's board that's
nine Obama federal a
including Hillary at Secretary of State
Eric Holder at justice approved the sale
of uranium 1 and key players involved in
that decision they should have known all
of this was going on but they approved
it anyway and the real question is
knowing all of this knowing Putin's
efforts and o.9 and knowing we didn't
have enough uranium in America why would
Sofia sand all these agencies and the
Obama administration why did they allow
Russia a hostile foreign entity to take
control of 20% of our uranium the
foundational material to make nuclear
weapons and we're supposed to be
surprised that today's indictments this
that they told you about today goes back
to 2014 where how was the Obama
administration what did they do then to
stop this now remember NBC News reported
after the election the Obama
administration didn't do more to stop
Russia because they thought Hillary was
gonna win
so the uranium one story is bringing
back from 2009 has nothing to do with
the indictments nothing at all he's just
throwing that in there because Donald
Trump loves talking about it and trying
to blame Hillary Clinton and Robert
Moeller who was that of the FBI at that
time so good fire molar okay so 2014
that does have to do with the
indictments in the and the prosecutors
are showing the Special Counsel showing
that Russia had plans to meddle in our
elections have begun to do so as early
as 2014 so why didn't Obama do anything
about it partly a very good question as
I explained earlier I think he should
have had the courage to not worry about
what the Republicans and ironically what
Fox News would say about him but there
is a very literal reason why he got
blocked not just their concern about the
right-wing media but they had a meeting
of all the different congressional
leaders and they wanted bipartisanship
for them to all come out in unison say
it is unacceptable for the Russians to
meddle in our elections the person who
blocked it at the time was Mitch
McConnell the leader of the Republicans
in the Senate he said no I will not
agree to this bipartisan statement in
other words if he's thought it looks
like they're helping my candidate Donald
Trump so I don't mind the Russians
meddling Mitch McConnell made that
decision before their election he was
told about it by the intelligence
agencies now it is proven that they
is exactly what they were doing and he
basically said not only do I not care
well since they're helping my candidate
I'm kind of happy with it so no I will
not put out a statement and I will not
support it and that was a signal to
Obama and Biden you better not do this
otherwise we'll say you're meddling in
the election and trying to serve curve
ball now if I was Obama what I've got on
forward anyway of course I don't give a
goddamn what Mitch McConnell says but
that's all bottomless the whole eight
years so scale what does McConnell good
to say what does he bad what as foxnews
gonna say look it turns out you know
what they said afterwards they use your
own inaction against you and they blame
you for the meddling now because you
didn't do it you made the mistake of
listening to them and not doing
something about it
how's that for irony no God if you're a
progressive and Fox is gonna yell at you
you should be thinking they are every
day they're not yelling at me I'm not
doing my job so you got all these comfy
senators sitting there who's gonna say
they're gonna say something about you
either way you morons alright anyway
here's one more from Hannity given what
we know now
President Obama hit the top members of
his administration they owe you an
explanation
Hillary owes you an explanation because
what this did is a dereliction of duty
they failed to stop a major national
security threat well how about Trump he
can do something right now he's the
president right now again Sean I don't
know if you got the memo Hillary didn't
win she's not the President Obama's no
longer president Trump could do
something right now in fact it's okay
it's super easy
they already did it they passed
sanctions against Russia for this
meddling
oh but Trump has blocked the sanctions
even though he signed the bill he won't
enforce them gee I wonder why
hmm is it because he benefited from the
Russian meddling and was super happy
about it and his Putin's boy and Wilma
trouble criticized everyone on the
planet was the one notable exception
when it comes to Vladimir he's on his
hands and knees oh god what do you need
what do you need criticize him check him
protect our elections no way he's
ever done anything about it which brings
back me back to Donald Trump and another
one of his tweets he said I never said
Russia did not meddle in election I said
if maybe Russia or China or another
country or group it may be a 400 pound
genius sitting in bed and playing with
his computer the Russian hoax was that
Trump campaign colluded with Russia it
never did okay is that true
that Wow to be fair to Trump he just
says he didn't collude with the Russians
he didn't say that they didn't meddle
that's of course not remotely true he
totally sent it over and over again in
one is this he was asked whether he
believes the Russians interfered and
election quote I don't believe it
I don't believe they interfered how's
that for crystal-clear liar okay and
then later in the middle of last year he
put out this tweet get a load of this
Putin and I discussed forming an
impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that
election hacking and many other negative
things will be guarded after that tweet
all the national security officials
including the Trump administration own
hand-picked guys at the commander going
no we will not be working with the
Russians on cybersecurity they're the
ones penetrating our cybersecurity we're
not going to give them the keys to our
cybersecurity are you freaking nuts he's
not nuts he's corrupt he was gonna give
Putin an ability to he was just gonna
hand him the keys of the kingdom say oh
yeah let's do cybersecurity together and
then now he has the temerity to claim is
it in his infinite set of lies oh I
never said that they were so
interference by the Russians in the
election all right if you're still like
your minced here's Donald Trump himself
I think was very obvious to everybody I
believe that President Putin really
feels and he feels strongly that he did
not meddle in our election Oh Putin
feels strongly about it he strongly
denies it huh will you look at that well
then I guess it must be true right now
he turns around says oh no no I never
said they didn't interfere when asked if
they interfered you said I talked to
Putin
pootin strongly denies it maybe we'll
work on cybersecurity together how much
money do you owe the guy what kind of
tapes does he have on you oh but you're
not working for us this is gross and for
these guys for Trump and Hannity now
turn around and ironically blame Obama
for not checking the Republicans enough
as they apparently colluded with the
Russians during the election and we're
happy to do it
now that is irony on top of irony if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
