new story out from The Associated Press
and it is troubling it is about the
shooter in parkland Florida and how some
of his training on how to shoot was
funded by the NRA Associated Press
explains the troubled teen authorities
say killed 70 people at a Florida High
School excelled at an air rifle
marksmanship program supported by a
grant from the National Rifle
Association Foundation part of a
multi-million dollar effort by the gun
group to support youth shooting clubs
and other programs
why because like the smoking companies
you got to get him early hey pretend the
cigarettes are candy and get them to
smoke get used to smoking candy and then
they'll smoke cigarettes later turn the
your mascots into cute little cartoon
characters which by the way the NRA also
does without a eagle and target the
young unfortunately quite literally
these days they gave a grant so he could
learn how to shoot well he learned how
to shoot 17 people are dead records show
that the Stoneman Douglas JROTC program
received ten thousand eight hundred
twenty seven dollars in non-cash
assistance from the NRA s fundraising in
charitable arm in 2016 when Cruz was on
the squad the Schools program publicly
thanked the NRA foundation on its
Twitter feed so now I know what conserve
is gonna say well that's ROTC man that's
okay first of all I'm you can go ahead
and go nuts if you want but I'm not sure
ROTC is okay so in our high schools we
have training so that you can go get
killed in the military now if we were
under attack and we need to protect
Pearl Harbor okay maybe that's one set
of circumstances in these circumstances
when's the last time we had a defensive
war we keep bombing places like Yemen
Somalia Syria Iraq none of which
attacked us and now you're gonna send in
young high school students to get ready
to get excited
go over to the military an attacker new
country and now by the way all these
programs are in public schools because
private schools have rich kids they're
not going to war their daddies and
mommies might start wars but their kids
don't go to wars now they recruit in
places that are public schools and
oftentimes poorer and middle class so
that it is good fodder for their war
machine okay but on top of that now we
have the NRA foundation in the business
of charity what kind of charity are they
helping the people who got shot mm-hmm
are they giving out coats in the winter
are they helping the poor and the needy
no they're teaching the youth of America
how to murder people
oh I'm sorry shoot better in case in
case what in case what a forty year old
has to defend himself what go to war he
can defend himself against the tyranny
of the government you want fourteen year
olds what are we training them for we
want the 40 year old to shoot if someone
comes in the house is he properly
trained on who it might or might not be
a danger the NRA foundation gave nearly
2.2 million dollars to schools across 30
states in 2016 the most recent year for
which it's federal tax filings are
publicly available 400 thousand of that
was in cash and the rest was in in-kind
donations so targets
air rifles and the list goes on and on
but whatever we do little Johnny make
sure that you learn how to use a weapon
so you could buy one later from the
people who fund us which who are the gun
manufacturers okay
the Margery's schoneman Stoneman Douglas
high school junior r-o-t-c mark
relationship team made their twitter
account private after Press reports tied
crews to the program law on crime
reached out to the marksmanship team for
comment on this decision in particular
and the story in general but no response
was forthcoming at the time of the
publication so this other publication
law on crime goes and ask them that
they've made that private well that's
embarrassing charts that we train the
killer on how to kill oops now some
people in the group still defended it
they're like no we we went to a room and
some Kevlar there and luckily the the
shooter didn't go in there but he could
have protected us and we're proud of the
program it trained Nick crews how to
shoot better and he shot and killed 14
students of three adults okay along with
schools NRA foundation also gives
millions of dollars a year to local gun
clubs Boy Scout chapters churches and
agriculture programs the NRA foundation
has provided more than 335 million
dollars in grants since 1990 they're not
doing it for their health they're not
doing it out of charity literally
they're doing it so they could train a
whole generation of young Americans that
the answer is violence and weaponry why
because they sell violence and weaponry
it's not that complicated
in fact the NRA Foundation website says
investing in the next generation of
America's leaders a significant majority
of the NRA foundation grants support you
shooting sports programs is that what
we're calling it now sport I found an
old video of the NRA training young kids
on how to use weapons let's show you
oh I'm sorry that was out kata if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole young
turks Oh every day
