good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather tonight my thoughts on the school
shooting in parkland Florida and the
companies that profited from the gun but
we begin with a new era in America's
history criminal charges documenting for
the first time a coordinated aggressive
campaign to undermine nothing less than
our democracy itself for all the
speculations so far about Russian
involvement in the 2016 campaign
the first edges of the truth Arnel
concrete and real following Friday's
indictment of Russian individuals and
organizations the charges revolve around
their alleged attempts to hide their
nationality in other words they broke
the law by staying secret while
committing otherwise legal political
activities that were intended to be
public very public creating Facebook
groups organizing political rallies
paying Americans to commit stunts
portraying Hillary Clinton as a criminal
president Trump has spent the last three
days arguing that the facts in the
indictment exonerate him the indictment
after all says the main goal of those
Russians was bigger than Trump and
predated his campaign deputy attorney
general rod Rosenstein confirmed that
yes the Russians real target was nothing
short of America's political system
itself the indictment charges 13 Russian
nationals and three Russian companies
for committing federal crimes while
seeking to interfere in the United
States political system including the
2016 presidential election the
defendants allegedly conducted what they
called information warfare against the
United States with the stated goal of
spreading distrust towards the
candidates
and the political system in general what
the president fails to see or
acknowledge what the Russians saw all
too well was that the best way to spread
distrust in America's political system
was to elect Donald Trump as president
the White House responded on Saturday by
spreading distrust in America's
political system there are two groups
that have created chaos more than the
Russians and that's the Democrats and
the mainstream media the White House
wants you to blame the media and it's
fair to point the finger at your TV for
it's election coverage ignoring Bernie
Sanders and his policy prescriptions
obsessing over Democratic Party emails
and Hillary Clinton's handling of her
emails but it vindicates the Russians
judgment of mr. Trump when he dispatches
a mouthpiece out to assert on national
TV that focusing on Russia's deeds is
worse than Russia's deeds worse than
trying to keep black Americans from
voting worse than deceiving Americans in
the sacred ritual of choosing a
president worse than identity theft
identity theft metaphorically speaking
the most terrible of these crimes the
most effective way of undermining
America itself
they stole their identities in order to
steal ours pretending to be American in
order to make us an American they will
try again their accomplices knowing and
otherwise in politics media and online
will assist them legally fomenting chaos
extremism distrust the law cannot stop
them the only way to stop them is to
remember who we are to reclaim our
identity
I want to talk about who we are when it
comes to guns and our children right
after this hey Dave probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching that documentary
on the Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash that
was 1965 Vietnam look we're doing
interviews over there at youtube.com
slash tyt interviews and we've done some
amazing ones recently so now of course
you know that the person most widely
considered to be the most progressive
senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where it's you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history
in 1947 a modest book called
the everglades river of grass was
published it was a call to protect a
national treasure for our future by
changing how we saw things at the time
the Everglades was seen as just a swamp
river of grass inspired future
generations to protect this national
treasure by changing how we saw it the
author of river of grass was Marjory
Stoneman Douglas and today students at
the high school that bears her name in
parkland Florida have begun the
generational work of protecting our
future by transforming how we see things
today America's children are responding
to last week's shooting at that high
school by participating in their
democracy making signs taking to the
streets speaking out the president
responded over the weekend with a series
of tweets a blizzard of tweets really
bizarre even for him blaming the Russia
investigation for the FBI not stopping
the shooting one parkin survivor called
the president's FBI tweet quote
discussing the children are popping
today are showing us all how Americans
are supposed to respond to fear with
bravery optimism and resolve with a
commitment to make America better
because America is not the only land
with guns or mental illness or violent
media
the only thing other nations don't have
is us like what they don't have is this
the calls are hearing today for gun
control have nothing to do with
protecting Americans from violence which
were witnessing is a kind of class war
the left hates rural America red America
gun noting America the America that
elected Donald Trump they hate them
progressives are still in charge of most
of the major institutions in this
country and they despise the autonomy of
an armed population they want collective
punishment for the sins of a few they
seek to obliterate a core constitutional
right rather than trying to mitigate its
downsides they call it gun control but
it's not it's people control for the
left of voters who can't be controlled
can't be trusted
imagine seeing your own country that way
well I was born in rural America I live
in New York and Texas I can remember
when Red America gun-owning America
belong to unions and voted Democratic
things change but America is not filled
with people left or right who despise
each other at our best we do not seek to
punish anyone being American means we
are supposed to aspires as something
better to be the home of the brave we
like to call ourselves the best country
on Earth and in many ways we are we like
to say how we have a can-do spirit to
conquer challenges but all that self
convention Tory rhetoric rings pretty
damn hollow at times like this it takes
bravery to see that we are safer without
guns and with them to stop fearing one
another and our own government to see
Washington there's more than a swamp
brave enough to trust that registers are
not deplorable and blue states do not
lust for control we are capable of this
I know Republican gun supporters are
even now calling for the government they
once feared to at least study gun
violence again the president reportedly
is open to at least tougher background
checks if nothing else
if we are capable of such small steps on
our own it's not absurd to think that we
can extend that trust to each other to
hope that this generation still in
school can show us the way forward to
change the way we see each other because
faith in our children is not falling
they are after all the children of
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school and
in 1947 Marjory Stoneman Douglas
inspired future generations to protect a
national treasure by changing how we see
things now I want to talk about the
money behind our guns and the men behind
the money right after this
I know what you're thinking I love how
you like you like lip you do something
with your lips will you play the sound
close and what is he like lip synching
it I don't know I never noticed that
Ethel you seven it's a funny habit it's
not intelligence you I remember taking
me out the door
look we're doing interviews over there
at youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where you cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history in 2017
it's easy to go after the National Rifle
Association when these shootings happen
in fact it's supposed to be easy the
purpose of the NRA is to absorb whatever
verbal or political punishment people
dish out while the gun makers themselves
continue to profit off the bloodshed the
NRA is the lightning rod drawing our
attention away from the companies and
the human beings who make these weapons
who advertise these weapons and who sell
these weapons the gun used in last
week's shooting in parkland Florida was
a semi-automatic rifle manufactured by
Smith & Wesson but Smith & Wesson
doesn't exist as a company anymore the
name became a lightning rod and the
company changed its name to American
outdoor brands American outdoor brands
is headquartered in Massachusetts and
the CEO is this man 1 James Dabney the
NRA in 2013 thanked him for his
company's 1 million dollars in donations
Dabney responded by thanking the NRA and
explaining how necessary it was at the
time because quote the whole Second
Amendment is under attack as we speak
I think it's important for everybody to
step up and support the NRA they are our
voice there are single voice out there
they're a united voice and they
represent so many people and interested
parties that I think is particularly
important o Second Amendment is under
attack as we speak at this very moment
in time so I would say to everybody out
there step up and join us now you may
want to note this telling people that
President Obama was coming for their
guns inspired gun owners to buy more
guns that came to a crashing end however
with the election of Donald Trump no one
thinks President Trump will do anything
about guns so gun owners no longer feel
the need to stock up which sent gun
stocks down
American outdoor brands profits dropped
90% as Dabney said in December quote
there is no fear-based buying right now
unquote but there is buying the largest
single shareholder of American outdoor
brands is the Black Hawk hedge fund and
Blackrock has been buying up American
outdoor brands stock on the cheap in
fact Blackrock is now the single largest
owner of gunmaker stocks the CEO of
Blackrock is this man Larry Fink last
month faint made headlines with a letter
telling CEOs their companies should
serve a social purpose he stopped short
however of telling him to stop making
products that are dangerous in and of
themselves a call you tell no more
sugary drinks we were not that's their
business their businesses in providing
how about fourth no more tobacco
products but we will not subdue that out
last week the historic rifle maker
Remington said it was filing for
bankruptcy remington made the gun that
was used to kill 26 children at Sandy
Hook how ironic it would be if gun
companies are forced out of business by
men who helped elect a president who
made gun owners feel safe enough to stop
buying guns but first we have to stop
shoring up these companies by investing
in them because if Congress will not act
a new generation will turn its attention
to the companies that control the money
and the men who control the companies
there is a new kind of storm rising in
parkland and all around the country and
lightning rods do not stand forever
I want to share some questions I still
have about what comes next for Brooklyn
and for us I'll get to that in just a
moment
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be kept happy fakes to crowd the
best sales force out there is Merrill
Lynch and now it goes to P nowadays
pretty amazing we're going to see a
stabilization and just a tremendous
snapback the Occupy Wall Street movement
is not it's not a spontaneous protest
against economic inequality this is what
we mean by the establishment press it is
well thought out a well thought out
campaign to bring down the
infrastructure rupture of this puncher
the embarrassment is that I'm giving
credibility in this world because of the
disappointment that the public has and
what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them it's Lou everything that we
can without going to war so if you say
to your critics don't fight my
Democratic critics who say you know what
your is really just the socialist
passive I very rarely read in any
coverage of Bernie that he's
Bernie Sanders is a socialist for God's
sake most analysts are saying that
Hillary Clinton's gonna win in a
landslide I continue to believe mr.
Trump will not be President got Trump at
279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
300 million is a pretty good now we're
pretty good number uh I we were doing a
press release on and I got all worked up
and I said okay well that spies the size
of the US population you know what our
next target is besides the entire world
under road is six billion although by
the time we hit it'll probably be seven
maybe eight billion not a big deal
couple of days ago on the TYT Network we
passed a billion views what the hell no
that's a big freakin deal two billion
views what now sorry what do we do two
billion two billion they said it
couldn't be done but it was done we just
crossed use on you do let me imagine ten
years ago thinking one day would you
like are you nuts
they said you couldn't do it you can't
change the media don't try well here we
are we're changing the media thank you
thank you thank you
here's some other stories we're keeping
an eye on and think you should
despite the chill of the Winter Olympics
tensions are running hot between the
Korean Peninsula and the United States
North Korea's state-run media said
Monday that the country is and I quote
fully ready for both dialogue and war
and prepared to respond to any u.s.
propagation by prompt counter strike the
2018 Winter Games have sparked renewed
relations between North and South Korea
kim yo-jong the only sister of North
Korean leader Kim jong-un served as
emissary to deliver an offer to host a
summit with South Korean president moon
jaein although it's unclear how
effective this charm offensive will be
there's already criticism that the
United States will undermine efforts for
inter-korean relations all this leaves
the South Korean president walking a
fine line between improved north-south
ties and demands from the white house
the Bering Sea off Alaska's Coast lost
one-third of its ice over a little more
than a week earlier this month this in
the dead of winter when the Arctic ice
is supposed to be growing inside climate
news reports that at the current rate
the Arctic will finish out the winter
with the fourth year in a row of record
low sea ice the Orange County Register
reports that USA Swimming is the
governing body for competitive swimming
in the United States covered up sexual
abuse by hundreds of coaches and others
now this is swimming not gymnastics the
victims underage swimmers abused in the
hundreds over the past two decades the
newspapers report says that USA Swimming
flagged coaches and officials who had
been accused but allow them to keep
working the USA Swimming has so far not
responded to the registers report
at least 22 children died last week from
the flu the worst flu season decade has
now killed 84 children in America and
it's not over yet
studies indicate that states requiring
private employers to grant paid sick
leave have fewer rates of fluid
transmission and companies that offer
paid sick leave can in effect make up
the cost by preventing other workers
from getting the flu or otherwise
sickness Puerto Rico's governor Ricardo
resale tells BuzzFeed news that this
week his government will lay out a new
process for counting the dead from
Hurricane Maria the official death toll
stands at 64 but funeral directors and
others have been telling media that true
numbers are far or higher
nearly a quarter million utility
customers there still have no power a
number that multiplies significantly
when you consider that one customer can
represent an entire household of
residents in the longest blackout in
American history the New York Times
reports that a company owned by a friend
of the first lady received 26 million
dollars for its work on the inauguration
the money came from corporations and
wealthy donors who donated to the Trump
inauguration The Times reports that the
company was created in December of 2016
1 month after Trump's election and six
weeks people with inauguration
and finally tonight last week in one of
the deadliest school shootings in US
history an armed teenage gunman killed
17 people and wounded 14 more in a high
school sadness and despair those were my
first reactions to Lesley shooting but
then quickly I became hopping mad
what happened in that Florida school is
not okay this is not normal we are
better than this our children should be
able to go to school and be safe you get
the desire to keep our children safe is
universal then why is it so difficult to
build a consensus around how to protect
them so many questions remain in the
wake of this tragedy well this time
you're different or will the energy
channeled into the cause today peter out
will the Parkland survivors be the only
ones to organize marches in the streets
or will others follow their lead will a
silent majority of Americans rise up and
confront those who offer bromides in the
face of bloodshed and excuses in the
face of the inexcusable will there be a
new movement of parents teachers and
children especially children arguing
that our schools not be a place for
russian roulette' and if such a group
with does materialize and if it does
last what might the elected officials
bolstered and sometimes paid for by the
NRA say will the response still be
there's nothing we can do will they
continue to say now it's not the time to
politicize this issue and if there is a
groundswell of activists this time and
the answers they get are the same ones
they always get will the response be
loud enough to finally force change
will they be retribution at the ballot
box I asked myself when did all this
become the American Way
when it comes to our children's safety
we can't just throw up our hands
thoughts and prayers are not enough
feeling sadness despair or angered isn't
enough either we like to call ourselves
the best country on earth and in many
ways we are we like to say how we have a
can-do spirit to conquer challenges but
all that self convention Toria rhetoric
rings as I said before pretty damn
Hollow on days like these
anyone who says now isn't the time to
talk about gun violence
anyone who says there's nothing we can
do anyone who offers up only thoughts
and prayers is saying that they can't be
bothered with the hard work of trying to
keep America's children safe shame on
them and shame on us we should be
looking to the survivors at the Marjory
Stoneman Douglas high school for
strength in times like these today these
young people remind us to be resolute in
the days and weeks and months ahead as
we stand together and demand change with
that I leave you for this new cycle The
Young Turks is next and we'll be back
with the news at this same place and
time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then dan Rather reporting stay steady
