hey everybody its David Sirota so back
in 2009 President Obama as he was coming
into office issued an executive order
tightening federal ethics laws
specifically of barring lobbyists from
joining agencies that they had lobbied
in the previous two years it was an
attempt to close the revolving door
President Trump
weakened that order shortly after he
became president allowing lobbyists to
join agencies they recently lobbied as
long as they said that they would recuse
themselves from working on the specific
issues that they lobbied on so Trump
weakened that but still included that
that recusal requirement except there's
an asterisk the lobbyists coming into a
federal agency can get a waiver from the
White House counsel's office that
basically waives even that minimal
recusal requirement and guess what the
White House Council has waived given a
waiver to a lobbyist for the corn syrup
industry a lobbyist to now work on
dietary guidelines at the United States
Department of Agriculture so yes a corn
syrup lobbyist
is was given an ethics waiver to now be
working at the USDA on dietary
guidelines now think about that for a
second corn syrup has been implicated
and criticized as a pervasive problem in
the nation's diet it's part of the the
over sugar is a ssin of the American
diet there's been all sorts of analyses
looking at the potential negative health
effects of the pervasiveness of corn
syrup in so many different products so a
corn syrup lobbyist is now writing the
nation's the federal Dietary Guidelines
the lobbyist was director of food policy
when when she was lobbying the director
of food policy for the Corn Refiners
Association that's the trade group
specifically that represents corn syrup
manufacturers she was working for that
organization for two years before
immediately leaving for the Trump
administration
in 2017 according to her LinkedIn
profile before that she lobbied for the
snack food Association and the national
grocers Association this is all dug up
by International Business Times reporter
Alex Koch a prior to this lobbying to
her lobbying days she worked as a
research analyst on tax policy at the
American Legislative Exchange Council
that's the group of conservative
lawmakers and corporations that work to
shape state legislation and so so what
you have here is a very explicit example
of the revolving door and specifically
on an issue that has that's hugely
important because it deals with the
nation's basic diet what we're actually
eating somebody who was working on
specific policy for a very controversial
part of the food ecosystem corn syrup
now sculpting the guidelines that the
federal government issues and uses to
try to shape the nation's the the
nation's basically their food supply the
fact that ethics laws can be waived this
easily just on top of this revolving
door situation is also pretty amazing he
had laws on the books rules on the books
that were issued by presidents but
there's this you know and the presidents
get to tout themselves as great
champions of ethics when they issue
these laws and these rules but they
typically include the provisions that
say there are all these strong laws
you've got to recuse you've got to get
out of the way of issues that you've
been lobbying on in the past but PS we
can just issue a blanket waiver and get
rid of these laws for you on a specific
basis for you the lobbyists now turned
government official to work on the
issues the fact that these waivers are
embedded in these laws and rules I mean
it creates a way for presidents and and
federal agencies to simply get out of
these rules to simply essentially
invalidate on a specific case-by-case
basis the basic ethics rules and laws
that that the government has had in
place and the president's tout and that
and that that caught that ethics experts
in conflict of interest experts say are
necessary to make sure that federal
policy is indicting
by those conflicts of interests in this
case you have an almost cartoonish
example of of the inherent potential
problems with this where you have a corn
syrup lobbyist law basically now in a in
a government position that will shape
the nation's dietary guidelines but
there are plenty more examples like this
as these waivers trickle out and as
these waivers are periodically approved
