joining me now is Zachary Osteen he is
running for Senate in Maine and this is
a bizarre situation because he's a
Democrat in a blue state in a blue wave
year and he's the underdog hmm that's
strange so let's talk about that and why
that it's the key sack welcome back to
rebel headquarters brother how you doing
Jiang good to see you yes good to see
you
underdog is gonna win let's do it ha ha
ha that's right well a lot of them have
won so far so it is definitely a trend
so for let's first catch up people to
the state of your race and then we'll
talk about the issues and what you've
been up to lately so so for the folks
who were confused at home why is a
Democrat the underdog in a blue state
like Maine oh you're asking me yes the
answer is that we have a corporatist
independent named angus King he caucuses
with the Democrats but he votes with
Trump nearly half the time he just
worked to deregulate Wall Street he
voted against military sexual assault
prevention he voted for Mike Pompeo Alex
a czar Tillerson Carson you named the
nominee he takes money from ExxonMobil
he takes money from pharmaceutical
companies from navient one of the
predatory student loan companies and so
he's somebody who caucuses with the
Democrats and most recently I think
thanks to a lot of pressure from our
campaign a lot of activists around the
state has finally come out against
Cavanaugh but he is not the guy who is
going to lead the charge towards a new
era of democratic politics ya know he
doesn't look like he's leading a church
towards anything new at all yeah and I
look for those of you at home that are
wondering so all those bad attributes
that Zak justlet's listed so well why
does watch the favor someone like angus
King or why does the media favor him
because they love incumbents they love
to establish they love bipartisanship
that leads to money in the pockets of
the rich and the powerful
so it's not to say angus King is
terrible on all issues if you ask me and
yes it's easy enough to find Democrats
who are decent on some of the social
issues but why do you have to settle so
in a state like Maine there's there's
two factors what is the normal factor
which is well whenever you have a
corporatist Democrat the party goes all
ballistic about don't support
independence in this case you've got a
corporatist independent and a real
Democrat that's used right and so we're
at a party at so I mean I'm gonna take
talking about the unique circumstance of
Maine in a second but has the Democratic
Party come out swinging on your behalf
let's get that independent out there and
if you've got a D on your helmet they're
always for you that's what I hear every
time from them so is that these days
here so so yeah party unity party unity
in in this case the answer is that I am
a Democrat a lifelong Democrat but I
would like to see the Democrats actually
live their values and our campaign is
leading the charge in terms of living
values because we're not taking
corporate PAC lobbyists or fossil fuel
money we actually stand for Medicare for
all and raising teacher salaries all the
things that a real progressive would
would do in the Democratic Party should
be leading on but unfortunately the
Democratic Party in this state has not
taken the right road they unfortunately
aren't siding with the people they've
actually asked me Janke to literally pay
a hundred thousand dollars in order to
get on to their pom cards in order to be
named on their phone calls in order to
be mentioned at their doors
this is outrageous it speaks to
establishment corporatist politics and
the Democratic Party needs to figure out
how to be the party of the people again
and I want to be part of that leadership
look I don't want people to get confused
because they gotta be confused at this
point
Zachary is the Democratic candidate for
Senate in Maine he's not an independent
let's say he's not the Green Party he is
not democratic so he's the Democratic
candidate in Maine yesterday and and so
if you said well look Jen come on there
it's understandable angus King is in
their caucus and they want to be careful
they don't want to split the vote Zac in
Maine
is it possible to split the vote no
because we have rank-choice voting which
means that there is no spoiler effects
in this race so you can if you're
worried about the Republican winning in
main ezpz you rank Zack number one you
rank angus King number two you're ranked
the Republican number eighteen and
you're done with it Thank You regum 20
or like a hundred or something like that
but yes I keep saying guys rank me first
and rank
Angus second and I want to point out
something my team and I have been
talking about this week is that in any
other country angus King would be a
conservative not only did he vote for
George W Bush in the 2000 election but
he endorsed Susan Collins in 2014 he is
a conservative in every way shape and
form and unfortunately we keep getting
dragged farther and farther to the right
and someone like angus King can pass as
a Democrat that is such a fallacy when
he's fast tracking gas pipelines through
our state we need so much better
so it's this real shame that we've got
this corporatist thing happening here
where the establishment and the the
donor table of the Democratic Party
coming right from the top of this party
is not supporting the Alexandra Ocasio
Cortez's or the people who are truly
ready to take back this country I know
that this is what this show is all about
is actually showing us momentum so we're
proud because we are a People's Campaign
you should see the way that our
supporters are making signs for us
literally there was a band that made us
made a song for us the other day some
band this year yeah we're putting it on
the radio as our ad is is their campaign
song it's all coming from the grassroots
and coming from the ground so I want to
give everybody the website be in the
links because since the Democratic Party
is not stepping up here we all got to
step up to make a difference so Ringo
Steen for Maine calm
you got the donation you got the
volunteer links if you're watching this
later on YouTube or Facebook those links
are always in description box please go
make a difference here there are no
excuses if you say hey
King well he's 50/50 and that's better
than a trump Republican okay you're
right about that that's why you ranked
him number two your rank you owe the
Republican and you rank him below the
real progressive and I mean look at
Maine and Vermont right next to each
other and I hear all the time in
Washington
well you can't support Bernie Sanders
he's an independent he doesn't even call
himself a Democrat yeah yeah but how
about angus King he's independent he
doesn't call himself a Democrat and
instead of voting with progressives like
Bernie Sanders does he votes with
conservatives makes no sense
that's right it may it makes no sense
and I want to make the pledge that I am
going to be a Democrat my entire life
our goal should be to take back our
party for the people and when I talk to
working-class people in Maine they're
ready for change but unfortunately the
establishment powers are not and so this
is our time we need to stop voting with
Wall Street we need to actually start
doing something for the people get
health care for all people this is all
honestly complete irrational insanity
the way that our government works the
way that 70% of Americans support
Medicare for all over 50% of Americans
support Medicare for all yet angus King
doesn't asset sorry Zack you misspoke
there for a second over seventy percent
of the country is in favor Medicare for
all over fifty percent of Republicans
are in favor care for all yes you said
the country it's it's actually even the
majority of Republicans yes over seventy
percent of the country and over fifty
percent of Republicans that's correct
so if Angus King's like hey I'm
middle-of-the-road well then you should
support Medicare for all that's exactly
look the part that really got me is that
instead of the Democratic Party giving
you money they're asking you for a
hundred thousand dollars that's right
that's right and we're not taking
anything but small donations so you know
guys I'm just gonna make this pitch
everybody if you want someone who's
gonna stand up for the people I'm your
guy I'm gonna be there for you and I'm
working hard on the ground here in Maine
we need you to step up right now give us
a small donation tweet us out send us a
note on Facebook we could have a real
progressive in the US Senate from the
great state of Maine but it's gonna
honestly take
the people standing out rising up
writing letters to the editor he'll
write write a letter to the New York
Times do what it takes because this
election matters more than ever and
let's get that 17th US Senator who
supports Medicare for all in the US
Senate so by the way I mean Zacks got a
super interesting resume he was a
schoolteacher a CEO and a country and
western singer I know I'm not sure I've
ever seen those three things on the same
resume before but but I wanted to touch
on one other thing before we run out of
time which is you love taking road trips
he went down to the border once and you
were actually taping on facebook.com
slash rebel HQ we got arrested but you
took another road trip recently to
Washington what was that for Zack so I
joined along with a group of Maine women
activists who are so sick and tired of
Angus dilly dallying on his ability to
say no but then mostly on Susan Collins
unwillingness to challenge the Trump
administration and and say no to
Kavanagh and so what we did is we took a
bus overnight we got on the bus at 9:00
p.m. we arrived early the next morning
it was uncomfortable as could be but all
of the activists did it I was on that
bus and we got to the heart Senate
building in Washington DC and we went up
to Senator Collins office and this was
on Friday and we had been petitioning
for days the people of Maine the Maine
activists are just unbelievable women
who are doing incredible things and
there were a number of sexual assault
survivors who were on this trip and
finally she gave in on Friday and had a
meeting with five women and as it turns
out she's now calling for an FBI
investigation and we are hoping that she
can be a hero save our country and vote
no on Kavanagh she may be the deciding
vote so this work is important it's
unbelievable to witness the people of
Maine stepping up because we know that
our US Senator could be the deciding
vote and one day you could be a deciding
vote if they put you into office and in
the Senate seat
in Maine so wrinkles theme for Maine
calm is the website one more time and
Zack thank you so much for joining us on
rebel headquarters Jack it's always a
pleasure I'll see I'll see you in the
Senate I'll see you in the Senate
brother
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
