Ronan Farrow has just reported a story
on The New Yorker indicating that Donald
Trump had yet another extramarital
affair although the point of the story
is not the salacious tidbits that are
detailed in the story but rather how a
certain publication bought the rights to
the story in order to kill it in order
to also help Trump win the election
now the story has to do with an affair
that he allegedly had with a former
Playboy Playmate between June 2006 and
April of 2007 her name is Karen McDougal
and she had described her relationship
to a friend she actually had a
handwritten document that she provided
to her friend and then her friend
provided it to Ronan Farrow John
Crawford is the name of the friend who
provided that document to Ronan Farrow
and I'll give you more details on that
in just a second but to give you some
more details about the relationship
according to the reporting she described
their affair as entirely consensual but
her account provides a detailed look at
how Trump and his allies used
clandestine hotel room meetings payoffs
and complex legal agreements to keep
affair sometimes multiple Affairs he
carried out simultaneously out of the
press okay
American media Inc purchased the rights
of the story so what is American Media
Inc well
National Enquirer falls under the
umbrella of this media corporation and
so am i CEO David pecker has been a
trump supporter he was very much
interested in purchasing the rights to
the story exclusive rights to it and
they never published anything about it
on November 4th 2016
four days before the election The Wall
Street Journal reported that America
Media Inc the publisher of the National
Enquirer had paid a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for exclusive rights
for this story which never ran okay so
National Enquirer has been helping
Donald Trump all along for a long long
time now they
a unique relationship if you remember
the national enquirer is the one that
broke the story of Ted Cruz having five
different mistresses during the campaign
primaries when Ted Cruz was running
against Donald Trump
what a coincidence now that is national
Enquirer's run stories about aliens
landing and you know all sorts of crazy
things but that was pre Alex Jones days
like now like that's the stuff that
actually inquired us sounds bland
compared to what's online sounds almost
reputable which is devastating which by
the way another story that they
published and it destroyed a political
career was the affair that Democrat John
Edwards had while his wife was suffering
from cancer but that at least was true
that was true but I'm mentioning that
mostly because there's a clear political
agenda here that was not a story that
they decided to kill that was a story
that they ran and it led to serious
ramifications and consequences for John
Edwards right but the idea that five
different women would want to sleep with
Ted Cruz is even more unbelievable than
any aliens landing so that's what
National Enquirer does it lies mainly on
behalf of Donald Trump but this one is
really revelatory it's because they're
in the business of breaking stories why
on God's green earth will they pay a
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and
then not run the story if you're not
gonna run the story then don't buy it
right and and by the way this is not a
practice that is exclusive to Donald
Trump or the just the National Enquirer
Harvey Weinstein would also do this he
would get allies in the press to buy
stories from his victims and then kill
them and never run them so the practice
is known as catch and kill they buy the
exclusive rights to the story and then
they never publish it it's all an
attempt to bury that story and look this
is this is important to bring up for a
number of different reasons first of all
as we know there are some media
organizations that you shouldn't trust
you shouldn't have trusted National
Enquirer anyway even prior to this story
coming out but more importantly we have
a president who can easily be
blackmailed who knows how many
Pharisees had who knows what kind of
trouble he's gotten himself into in the
past who knows what kind of dirt people
have and so to know that a CEO of a
shady media organization has this kind
of dirt on someone like Donald Trump
I mean he's Donald Trump's friend now
but who knows what he would want in the
future especially if that friend
happened to be the President of the
United States of America and had an
enormous amount of power and you've been
doing his dirt for all these years one
you're owed a lot of favors - you have
his dirt for so that's not a good
situation to be in I mean we're having
conversations about whether Rob Porter
should have gotten security clear sore
not he did domestic abuse well Donald
Trump the domestic abuse and there's
this and there's other stuff I mean that
president by any normal standard
couldn't get security clearance if he
was in the president not even close so
all right you know we'll we'll see if
this winds up amounting to anything and
by the way that's not improbable because
what does America care more about than
anything else
sex it drives me crazy it's probably the
least relevant thing but it's treated as
the most relevant thing I think whether
Donald Trump did money laundering for
the Russians as an example is way more
important or how many civilians we
bombed and killed in Yemen in Syria is
way more important
but stormy Daniels claims she's got a
dress Monica Lewinsky type of dress us
and now they say that since Trump's
lawyer broke the NDA stormy Daniels can
say anything she likes that means here
we go you know I don't I don't think the
sex scandals hurt Trump with his base at
all I don't think they care I think that
they are these you know supposedly
self-righteous individuals who love to
preach about morality when it comes to
others but when it comes to their own
lives and their own president for some
reason he's untouchable when it comes to
sex but I think that I think that's the
argument Anna that I think a lot of
people are missing and as somebody who
is a believer right who I don't go to
church less I should
my mom might crucify me for that but I
mean I think that that that's the larger
issue here people like you know Frances
Perkins and you hear people like
Franklin Graham's like oh he gets a
mulligan everybody makes mistakes it's
okay and so my thought is like so you
guys are enraged by the fact that a
woman cannot control what you will not
give a woman control of her uterus you
want to plant an American flag and
inside of every woman's uterus and say
we control this you have no control over
it but by golly Donald Trump could do
whatever he would like he can sleep with
women he can cheat on his wife he can
have what I think what 15 accusers have
accused him of some sort of assault or
harassment and it's like oh he's just a
baby evangelical and I'm like what is a
baby evangelical and I think it's very
important for believers who don't buy
this malarkey to stand up and be like
I'm a believer I go to church every
Sunday I believe in Jesus Christ - he's
my Savior
and this guy over here he's not a
believer and I will not accept you guys
saying he's a believer calling him a
baby evangelical and by that matter why
are you calling yourself an evangelical
why are you calling yourself a Christian
because the sin is the sin is a sin and
Donald Trump has a laundry list of so
can I jump in on that because I want to
provide an example of how someone like
Donald Trump treats women based on the
account that was detailed in the story
when mcdougald met Donald Trump she was
working at an event as a playmate and he
starts hitting on her sure enough they
start talking over the phone and then
they meet for a date after they had
their first sexual encounter he tried to
give her money and she was like I know I
met with you because I liked you
which is kind of amazing but whatever
that's what she claims he looks at these
women as prostitutes
everyone's a prostitute in his eyes you
know someone that he can pay off let me
give you some money shut up you know
it's it's it's not very christian-like
right baby what the religion is supposed
to be against or be supportive of and in
this case it's just you you read all of
these different accounts from so many
different women and
I don't understand how anyone can argue
that their morale and that they value
their morality and then they turn around
and support someone like this and I mean
I think that what makes it even more
disheartening is like they criticize
Barack Obama the same Christian right
for everything he did and he didn't do
anything that was bad yes I mean don't
get me wrong the Bible is very clear a
sin is a sin as a sin you should be
forgiven of your sins and we're supposed
to move on but to some extent the
Christian right who's supposed to be
sort of the preservers of the Christian
faith should stand up and say this is
not OK and there's a couple reasons
because we have daughters we have nieces
we have on T we have aunts we have
mothers and it shouldn't happen to them
and the fact that letting this guy get
away with this type of behavior says to
me they're saying it's okay for all
women to be treated this way and for the
Christian faith to say that that's
absolutely unacceptable because it's not
who Jesus was
I mean talk about the story of Mary
Magdalene and it's the complete opposite
and I think that is the part that hurts
me the most and I think it's so
important that we as Christians who
don't believe and don't ascribe these
beliefs reclaim our faith from these
maniacs who like Paul the White was like
oh no you're just a baby evangelical I
know there was such a thing as a baby
evangelical I don't know I try to look
it up in the Bible and it's not that so
it means baby sad all right the last
thing I'm this slightly encouraging note
at least for me is we had our 16th
birthday party anniversary last night if
you're a member by the way you can watch
it and we had a lot of fun reminiscing
and doing some political speeches as
well TYT Network comm /join anyway one
of the guys came up to us one of our
fans and said that he was Republican and
an evangelical Christian all the way up
to Trump and then in the primary she was
like what's going on this girl this guy
is everything we stand against the why
are you guys supporting him and he just
kept trying to understand it is a really
earnest guy trying to figure it out
and then he realized oh there's nothing
to figure out they're hypocrites and so
he not only left a Republican party but
eventually realizing the hypocrisy of
the religious leaders he left the church
he's like oh it turns out they never
meant it they never meant it
it was just all about politics and yes
that's exactly what's going on here if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird
or you might say oops no that won't be
that one it won't be that one it'll be
great trust me TYT Network comm slash
joy
