obviously the big news is the
indictments of individuals and
organizations that were involved in the
effort to impact our election last time
around but that wasn't the only news
going on hidden a little bit more in the
background has to do with the rick gates
had previously been a big part of this
during past hour rounds of indictments
rick gates paul manna forts longtime jr.
business partner and a 2016 trump
campaign staffer is apparently
finalizing a plea deal in which he'd
cooperate with the muller investigation
and sources say that he's been in
negotiations with Muller's team about
cooperating for over a month so some
portion of the time since he was
originally indited yeah so super
important and my theory and it is
definitely just a theory if it was
stronger than that I would say it's a
fact if I think it no I'm kidding yeah I
know this to be sure no my theory is
that that Muller put out the 13 in
indictments now without any connection
to the Trump campaign cuz he wanted to
everybody to look over there
while he's now making a deal with Rick
gates well that Rick gates could be huge
so let me explain so look it is possible
that the 13 indictments on the Russia
meddling are just that and that's all
they got and and they don't have
anything solid connecting back to the
trouble campaign and that the gates
situation could be just turning evidence
against man afford because the man
affording gates clearly had separate
deals with the Russians and then and
that's Russian oligarchs and they had
stiffed them on some money and they
thought that doing them some favors
while being with Trump would get them
even that I'm positive of that based on
the facts we already have in public and
you will see that play out that's why
Rick Gates is now cooperating with the
prosecutors and mana force going to
spend a lot of time in prison okay so
those two things could be it and then
the Trump people can say we declare
victory but there is a second
possibility the second possibility is no
mana Ford and gates who worked very
closely together for like the last 30
years have the goods on Trump and the
Russians and in fact and I base that
partly on a story that came out
where Trump said he felt really good
because mana Ford hadn't turned on him
now that's an interesting thing to say
he didn't say
because Flynn turned on me I feel bad so
so I maybe Flynn doesn't have much right
he didn't say anything else about
anybody else other than mana
Papadopoulos whatever right but he's
like mana for it hasn't turned on me so
I think I'm alright hmm
what does matte afford no okay you're
worried about and whatever mana Ford
knows it is likely that Rick Gates his
partner knows so it's possible and we'll
see how it plays out that Muller's like
look over there with the 13 indictments
of Rick you got the deal great oh nice
so right now Rick gates as it appears
that Donna deal where he will tell the
prosecutors everything in return for a
lesser sentence so they emphasize that
in the stories that he is not allowed to
evade any questions about any topics so
while you're looking over there and
trump is you know high-fiving and
high-stepping as John pointed out in the
earlier story about the indictments
Muller might be like yeah great get
distracted get overconfident I'm making
the real deal here with gates and get in
the real info but you know what the
great thing about this is we're gonna
find out soon right because if he got
real infer from gates about Trump
well we'll know and if he didn't we'll
also know so so if you say to me all
you're doing that's the right brother
well fuck that man a month a week two
months probably and I think to add to
that what we also know from aren't from
from evidence and findings and
employment records is that gates
remained on the campaign after Manafort
was already fired so Manafort was fired
his chairperson and gates was still
there and he was there for a couple
months after which would give you some
more timeline of what did the Russians
give after that meeting with Don Jr how
did that connect with WikiLeaks and the
releasing of the emails and and how
Gates was a player in this so I think
that I think you're right on that I mean
I think he no I think actually might
know more than manfor Kings on the
campaign for a longer time period after
the convention to sort of say well no we
we this is when we talked it like if
they did talk
we can exist when we talk to him is when
he released it is know he colluded yeah
yeah yeah so we'll see stay tuned but
don't if if you're Trump keep your eye
off of Rik case probably no big deal
for everyone else keep your eye on Rick
Gates that could be the much bigger deal
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
