we showed you the video of rod
Rosenstein talking about these
indictments and saying that so far the
people that have been charged they
committed crimes and they communicated
with people but those people were
unwitting they didn't know the Americans
that they were communicating with bots
or paid operatives and intelligence
officials things like that
and so Donald Trump is now declaring
victory tweeting Russia started their
anti us campaign in 2014 long before I
announce that I would run for president
the results of the election were not
impacted the Trump campaign did nothing
wrong no collusion which I mean if you
can say that that's got to make you feel
way better after all he's been through
legally over the past year and a half
unfortunately none of it is really true
or accurate so yes Russia apparently did
start their campaign earlier on and then
as soon as you were in the race they
decided that you would apparently be the
best way to so the most discord and
disrupt the US as much as possible the
results of the election were not
impacted they don't say that it says in
the indictment that he is not saying
that it was impacted but they're not
saying that it wasn't impacted it just
has nothing to do with that and also
saying the Trump campaign did nothing
wrong no collusion they're not saying
that at all they're saying the people
that they are indicted right now we're
not occluding with the Trump campaign
and it might well be that there were
there was no collusion whatsoever but
they are not in any way speaking to that
in these indictments so both in Donald
Trump's tweet in Sarah how could be
Sanders press release the statement from
the White House about this earlier today
they are apparently knowingly lying
about the contents of these indictments
well so John I'm a little bit more
charitable than you are on this so but
it's not gonna appear that way in the
beginning so first of all on him saying
well they started in 2014 to John's
point about yeah but when you got in the
race there's two ways of interpreting
their overwhelming support of you the
less generous way of interpreting is
they thought good this gotta be a patsy
for us it'll be he'll work for us he's
definitely on our side so let's support
Donald Trump that's one way of
interpreting it okay that's not very
generous of Trump so let's take the only
other option they thought well this is
the one guy who will split up
part America the most he'll he's the
most divisive candidate and he'll get
all the Americans to hate each other
so let's support him for that reason
there was there is no scenario where the
Russians are like let's support Donald
Trump because I think he would be great
for America and I just want an America
to flourish I want to meddle in their
elections so that they become better
yeah that is that's not a fact pattern
that is one of your choices here I think
you're right
okay so the two possibilities for Trump
are both not good
and then further backing up John he's
and this is very important he says you
see that it proves that the election was
not impacted but that's not what they
said they said we can't prove that it
was impacted now what is the reality of
that well there's no way of proving that
the election would have gotten one way
or another under almost any circumstance
so Ralph Nader got enough votes in 2000
to clearly swing Florida which clearly
would have determined the election but
can you say in a court of law
that Ralph Nader cost Gore the election
no no of course you can't say that right
and then there are counter arguments to
make those are political discussions
they're not legal discussions yeah
the only thing that would be legal is if
the Russians said who got into the
actual voting machines in Wisconsin and
Michigan and fix the vote that would be
a legal issue where you impacted the
election but nobody's thought like it
we're really worried that they're
getting close to those voting booths and
they did break into the registration
system of 21 states right and the voter
rolls of 21 states which is really
really dangerous but they don't have
evidence that the Russians manipulated
any of the actual votes so under almost
no circumstance where they have come out
and said oh we figured it out this is
why Trump won yeah look the election was
so close there's an excellent argument
to be made that of course this made a
difference
the Comey announcement that the Hillary
Clinton investigation was going to be
reopened made a difference Hillary
Clinton sucking as a candidate made a
giant difference not going to Wisconsin
and Michigan made an enormous difference
and the weather made a difference it was
three critical states 78,000 vote
difference
that means 39,000 votes in a country of
330 million people a miniscule amount
made the difference people going yeah I
ate too much I'm not going to the polls
that made a difference specially in
America yes
so everything impacted the election but
from a legal perspective nothing
impacted the election unless they fix
the boat okay and so so what's my
defense of Trump in this case well
that's interested in that so look at
this point if you're on Trump side they
come out with this big indictment but it
doesn't have anything to do with the
Trump campaign that's a win that's
definitely a win so it's not saying that
there was no collusion with Trump ever
it's not saying they know that for
definitively it's not saying the case is
closed but for the moment being this is
a pretty good case scenario for Donald
Trump saying hey look at that man I told
you there was no collusion
they found the people who did the
meddling and they were not connected to
us that's a win okay allow me to respond
I agree I think that in that way it will
certainly be spun that way and they've
sent out all of their minions to try to
say that but it is simultaneously a loss
even with just what we know and so now I
will turn to if you believe that there
was absolutely no collusion or you don't
think that it would matter if there was
that's totally fine so I will try to
appeal to you and I want to if we bring
back up at that tweet from Donald Trump
we covered what was in it but I want to
talk briefly about what's not in it so
it's interesting there is he looked at
all of that 37 pages which I'm sure he
read in detail about a long-running
multi-year like one organization had
over a hundred staff it's bigger than
TYT actually that had a multi-million
dollar per month budget they had SEO
offices and graphics departments and
they could track the stats of the reach
of their social media post all of this
stuff all of it going on there's now 13
individuals three organizations that the
Muller investigation is saying did do
all of this and they described it in
extreme detail and in his response to it
both in that tweet and I don't think
that we have time to read it but the
actual statement from the White House
there is no acknowledgement that I now
accept that this actually happened there
is no acknowledgment that they have a or
in not doing anything to stop it from
happening in the present or in the
future and there's no indication that
they will in the future
he is purely interested in whether he is
let off in this but the fact that they
are even now trying to manipulate us on
the gun issue in the wake of of the
parkland shooting the fact that they've
already interfered in European countries
elections they're undoubtedly targeting
progressive candidates of the primaries
they're gonna be going on the next few
months there is nothing in what he is
saying that says he takes it seriously
or will do anything to stop it from
happening in the future and that might
not be a political loss for Donald Trump
but it's certainly a loss for us it's
certainly a lost from progressives and
Americans more generally so those are
two separate issues I agree with ya and
and look would would progressives handle
it differently yes and would it cost
them yes so let's say it was Bernie
Sanders who was president and they came
out and they said yeah the Russians did
meddle in the election and they largely
or overwhelmingly favored Sanders right
you know that Bernie Sanders would do
the right thing he'd come out and go it
was terrible that they meddled in the
election even though they meddled on
largely on my behalf and I'm taking
every measure to make sure that never
ever happens again and Trump instead
goes I was right all along
do you see that no but you were totally
wrong that they didn't meddle you
remember what he famously said about he
said I talked to Putin and he denied it
he strongly denied it that is his last
statement on it which is preposterous
now that we have a 13 count into
indictment showing clearly that they did
in fact meddle but in terms of the Trump
administration there right now as it
stands no evidence that they took part
in that meddling in any way you look at
it they're gonna come out and do a
little dance yeah and it's gonna look
something like Eli Manning and and his
Super Bowl dance okay at least in the
ads I mean I think you're you're
probably right in fact look I hope that
Donald Trump or someone whose inner
circle is watching like I I pledge to
not be fair to Donald Trump but this
does look really good for him maybe they
don't have anything I think it's
probably fine for you to let your guard
down
now if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
younger so every day
