stormy Daniels says not only did she is
she free to tell her story but she also
has props you may have heard of the in
touch interview that she did where back
in the day she said in 2006 she had sex
with Donald Trump in his Lake Tahoe
hotel suite in case you need to be
reminded of what they look like that's
it imagine them having sex with each
other you're gonna have to do it don't
you can't do that you can't stomach it
you can't watch the rest of this segment
the reports were that she was paid 130
thousand dollars not to talk about it
leading up to the election last year and
Trump's lawyer just admitted that he had
done that that he paid 130 thousand
dollars from his account it was reported
multiple sources and it was confirmed by
Trump's lawyer so story says that
invalidates the NDA that they had
accompanying that settlement so she can
tell her story and she says she just
like Monica Lewinsky has address with
the president's materials on it let's
take a look at that dress I'm just
kidding I mean yeah that's my joke one
that they like the Nickelodeon sponsored
a dress yes it is the joke here is that
the president is orange and so that
would be orange no that is actually not
it here's the actual dress that she says
she has it's a gold dress which she says
was kept in pristine condition
ever since the events of 2006 and so as
this is reported by a website called the
blasts perfect absolutely perfect
sometimes life just gives you the
perfect moment yeah what do you make of
this I think this story I mean first of
all I don't know what everyone's
complaining about Trump's lawyer paid
for everything so it's all fine but when
you look at a story like this it's
really hard to not think of a past
president when a past dress and it's a
great lint esthe for partisanship
because we remember what happened during
that time and we remember oh we can't we
can't remember who didn't happen well
what would have happened what would
conservatives say and this had happened
to Obama
and now we have the same argument going
backwards and it's just like with this
we see people are just going to make
some kind of incomprehensible argument
supporting whatever it's sad they had
already I don't care what consenting
adults decide to do even if it's outside
the confines of marriage what I care
about is incentive and if there was an
affair and if there was a payoff that
does show kind some kind of incentive
was there right there was a really great
piece in The Washington Post that really
outlined the the question that you have
after you might have the instinct like
well this is two consenting adults I
don't want to close my eyes and think of
it I'm glad Valentine's Day was
yesterday because I will have no sex
drive going forward imagining this event
taking place thank goodness
but yeah it's it is crazy to think we
had eight years off of this and say what
you will about Obama but if he came
anywhere near this kind of a scandal
even rumors of rumors of a scandal like
this if he had three marriages think of
how we would talk about or he would be
talked about so what does that mean is
it just yeah it means people think the
way they want to think and they're gonna
find supporting arguments and supporting
ideas or even things not based in fact
that go along with their already pre
conceived and preformed thoughts and
this is just it's it's I think it's
stupid but it's also a an interesting
way to look at how people process things
and how people argue right one thing to
think about is when you're talking about
the president's like approval ratings
and everything the Republican Party just
went through this whole initiative where
they're trying to focus on the tax cuts
and economic recovery and there's a
whole block of the GOP that's trying to
just focus on that and they're saying
stay on message don't talk about
anything else what is crazy to me is
what must have happened behind the
scenes to get Michael Cohen to speak
about this because this guarantees you
something that they paid to go away
during the election that resurfaced
recently when it was under a
nondisclosure agreement
I remember she very tactfully went up in
front of had a really boring Kimmel
interview yeah but she that was news for
a while and now they're just gonna talk
about this and then if I have to drum
back up the DNA evidence and the idea of
all of like I mean I went on a websites
comment section for this and people are
like who trusts DNA anyway I was like
what are you doing I can't I don't know
what else we're gonna learn cuz there's
so much that's out there already the in
touch well first of all let's look at
the dress from Monica Lewinsky just to
give you that you know back and forth
gorgeous dress sorry and then we're
gonna go after to say to show this is
from the in touch interview that she
gave that stormy Daniels gave saying
that sex with the president was textbook
generic I actually don't even know why I
did it
but I do remember while we were having
sex I was like please don't try to pay
me well I don't know what else we're
gonna get out I don't want I don't want
to talk about it but there's still part
of me that just wants details fix me the
lurid details I don't actually need to
know what I need to know is why did
money change hands where did this come
from were there other things that were
done clandestinely right yeah the the
Washington Post think everybody should
go check out because it really does say
if it came from a corporation to the
lawyer what does that mean one of the
craziest things that I learned from that
was that one of the covers that the
lawyer could have is if he makes these
kinds of payments all the time but so if
it's a one-time payment according to
Washington Post article which I didn't
submit to graphics but they said that if
if he has done that a lot mm-hmm
then it's just kind of regular business
and there's nothing different about that
transaction just because it was closer
to the election he does that kind of
stuff all the time so if he's constantly
paying people giant sums on behalf of
spying or whatever depending on where it
comes from but if he's making those
giant payments then it's just kind of a
normal act and he might be more likely
to get away with it
but if it's just a one-time thing it's
less like a mean paying people off
who've had sex with him are just paying
people off who have some kind of claim
they can make I think it cloudy's the
heck
clouds the whole thing if they're able
to say that listen this I don't know how
this is different than any other kind of
transaction and it'll be he said she
said that's why the DNA evidence comes
into play because what's because then it
can prove that they did have some kind
of dalliance which does anyone doubt
that at this point I mean it's it's
likely it's not surprising yeah the the
the president's team says that both
sides have denied it but that's just not
true according to everyone who's
reported on this story Daniels has not
denied it
she has tactfully stepped around the
issue she said no because that means
she's I mean according to the
interaction she had with with Jimmy
Kimmel it kind of proves that she was
under a nondisclosure agreement because
of the weird way she was answering
questions okay and if she can prove this
it means two things one they were
together all right case closed but to
someone had to get a sample from the
president to compare it to know if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network aam /join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
