everybody is saying the name of the
Olympic host city incorrectly here's
what an NBC has made that choice here is
a video of how they've been saying it at
the end and during their telecasts now
the stage is set for rivals to become
partners if only for a few days Miguel
Almaguer NBC News Pyeongchang
soap Yong Cheng is what they're saying
now there are people who are pointing
out this is not how you say it no you're
supposed to say it Yong Chun Pyeongchang
as illustrated by this video that's
beginning subtraction take a look I'm
Stephan Kim a media watch co-chair at
the Asian American journalists
Association we've been getting a lot of
questions from American journalists
about the correct pronunciation of the
Olympic host city so here is a AJ's
guidance the correct pronunciation is
cun Chun Tong ah ah like when you go see
your doctor
ah Chung Chung Chung Chung Chung Chung
not have made it more clear it's crazy
so the response from spokespeople at NBC
is we heard a variety of ways to say
Pyeongchang I guess Pyeongchang during
our preparation see incorrect ones right
exactly
there's a lot of ways to say Ehrlich I
believe me I've heard them all and the
way I say it is the way I say you should
say that way and ultimately decided on
the version in which the second syllable
sounds like twang and they said further
that it's cleaner no it's not no it's
not it's empirically not Yuen Chung
almost rhymes with itself Jung Chang
doesn't they just like it because it
sounds like how we've been pronouncing
the North Korean capital of Pyongyang
which is also wrong Yong Yong that's it
that's all it is and it's just I don't
like that they're perpetuating this I
don't want to sound like some asshole
foreigner you know purposely messing it
up I want to be a respectful person and
get people's pronunciation right you
just gave the example if someone tells
you this is how my name is pronounced
you don't go no it's not no I know how
it's pronounced you respect them and say
their name correctly at the very least
here's the devil's advocate but I have a
responsive but the devil's advocate is
we're having we're doing this telecast
from Los Angeles we had the Olympics in
Paris mm-hmm
not Patty and we had it in Athens not
Athena yeah but doesn't really make
sense is Pyeongchang somehow more
American right that's the thing we have
we have so the reason these things are
there are because of basically
grandfathered in ways of saying these
countries from a long ago like it used
to be like in Shakespeare there's like
it's not do Platz Dubois and and that's
how WB Dubois but like that is an
Anglican eyes version of it which
happened way back in the day when
someone would leave a place write it
down come back and say here's how you
say it
Athens those are Anglican eyes things
but pyeongchang we are learning it now
we might as well learn it right well
it's just also there a journalistic
institution you should be abiding by
what is the correct way as opposed to
what is the way I like it seems like
they're making a choice is to like this
is our audience our audience likes to
say a pyeongchang it's easier for them
to say pyoung chur
in a position where they could teach
people to do it correctly i would much
rather be right then you know whatever i
think is the right way and we've made
there's been actively right right there
have been changes made we didn't have
the Olympics a couple years ago in in
turn in Turin in Turin like the Shroud
like Turin which people called Torre we
had it in Torino NBC the same Network
made the decision to call it Terina
for those games and so they sure as hell
can make the change to pyeong Chang from
Pyeongchang to Pyeongchang if you're not
saying P I'm telling you say you P I'm
wrong oh boy I probably offend it
without one news outlet did and just
right PF Changs lambics
I did hear that who did that ABC ABC god
bless them you just watch the video by
The Young Turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
