we find out the shooter in Florida is a
white nationalist and is that going to
stop the right-wing from lying about it
of course not and immediately there was
fake news all over the place
BuzzFeed documented 17 different fake
stories none from the left none from the
mainstream media
none for moderates there were some
pranksters in there that do their usual
pranks about who the shooter is
everyone else was right-wing all the
fake news came from the right wing and
pranksters that's it so why because they
don't want to say that he's a white
nationalist so among the different fake
news they had was oh he is a communist
because he was wearing a pro-communist
shirt turns up no that's a different guy
a different picture there's a 24 year
old not Cruz they just put it up there
because they lie they lie all the time
and they don't care lying for a lot of
right wing websites is not the bug it's
the feature it is to do propaganda for
their own benefit then they said that he
was Pro Moslem because he's written a
logic but if you read the post where he
wrote Allah which better he was making
fun of Muslims if he kept reading the
post you would see that he hated Muslims
he hated blacks he hated antiva and he
hated cops and he was egged on by the
republic of florida was a white
nationalist group by the way their
leader admits that he did go to rallies
with them and he it was part of the
group he says well we didn't direct him
but their leader also had put up a
flowchart about how to be a lone wolf
now pause for a second imagine that we
caught a guy who shot 17 of our kids in
a school and he was Muslim American and
he had been taught by a Muslim extremist
group that he was in to be a lone wolf
and he hated cops and talked about
killing them he hated all these
different people and wanted to kill them
and then he did kill them
do you think we would have arrested the
guy who taught him how to be a lone wolf
no that guy would be so deeply in prison
and in a world of trouble have we
arrested the leader of Republican
Florida of course not it's a total
different standard but back to the
right-wing media finally they were onto
something
they found a BuzzFeed article that says
this say the quote why we need to take
away white people's guns now more than
ever but as you can see that is actually
the title of a fake BuzzFeed story they
never wrote that now that didn't stop
the right-wing from spreading it
everywhere
immediately after the mass shooting that
left 17 people then Broward County
Florida the Gateway pundits White House
correspondent tweeted a fake BuzzFeed
story that claimed white people needed
to have their guns taken away in fact
let's show you that tweet that solution
wint rich first of all it's insanity but
they have a White House correspondent
and he writes look at look at how racist
this poses first of all it's totally
wrong probably purposefully so he says
yes despite blacks accounting for a
disproportionate amount of the gun
violence in the US let's take guns away
from white people because of a Hispanic
shooter in Florida one hundred percent
sound logic right there now the reality
is Cruz by the way was adopted by Linda
Cruz and that's why he has that last
name and he considers himself a white
nationalist now maybe he made an honest
mistake because he's a right winger he
wants to protect the right wing he wants
to blame the left wing that's his
natural inclination he got he thought it
was a real BuzzFeed story he and he got
carried away and well okay he deleted
the tweet and if he says afterwards that
looked like bad guys had him in to put
that information out there that's
obviously wrong and and I'm deeply
embarrassed by it but obviously we try
to do accurate reporting here at gateway
pundit but of course that's not what he
said I mean after winter it was called
out for spreading fake news he delivers
a tweet by justified it by saying there
were a hundred thousand comments on
Twitter quote that reflect the same
sentiment ah that's that's awesome so
there's a lot of idiot right-wingers who
agree with my racist sentiments and
would and love fake news so I put up
fake news then they agreed and then I
took their agreement to save them well
that just
me putting up fake news they're unreal
man so what
so look gateway upon it is filled with
lies and in talk an obviously total
propaganda I get that the left wing has
nothing of the sort you could say their
left-wing outlets who are clearly
liberal or too liberal who are biased
etc but there are no left-wing media
outlets let alone dozens of them that
just keep making up fake news Donald
Trump calls them a screw mean your
fingers the fake there is such a thing
as actual fake news that's what the
right-wing does all the time they just
print fake stuff they get everybody all
riled up by the time they deleted the
tweet they're like oh did that lied get
all the way around the world already and
get a hundred thousand comments well I
guess it did didn't it mission
accomplished and it's not the first time
they've done it over and over again in
the wake of the Las Vegas shooting which
was the largest mass shooting in
American history fifty-eight dead oh
there it is again
gateway pundit it was the rumor picked
up from 4chan to run a story about how
the shooter was a Democrat who quote
like Rachel Maddow moveon.org and
associated with antitrump Army when it
became clear that the story was
completely false
gateway pundit deleted it from its
website but here we go again wint rich
later admitted the story was false but
refused to apologize saying that gateway
pundit had gotten the information from
multiple tips so a bunch of right wing
lunatics tipped me off to a story that
was completely false I ran it then a
bunch of other right wing lunatics loved
the fake news I deleted it later so we
could pretend to be in media and
reporters and journalists and then I
don't apologize for it though if CNN or
Washington Post gets effect even a tiny
bit wrong how could you you need to fire
all of them you need to fire everybody
would they get facts wrong they laugh at
you again getting facts wrong is not the
bug it's the feature at Gateway pundit
they revel in it that's their whole job
so they never apologize what would be
the point of apologizing for the thing
you set out to do which is to mislead
people and do propaganda so buyer beware
that's their job I understand it but for
any mainstream media that picks up a
story from gateway pundit or any of
these right wing blogs that's the thing
you actually should be fired over
because if you don't understand that
they purposely put out fake stories to
mislead you you are a terrible reporter
you don't know that they've done that
almost every single time but that's the
problem of the mainstream media they
gotta call everything even well the one
side tells the truth on the other side
tells a lie but I gotta call it even ok
right wait what do you have for me well
I'd like to help you spread propaganda
what do you have this is what they have
nothing but lies what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
