Marco Rubio is obviously from the state
of Florida as a senator there and the
shooting happens in Florida 17 kids
killed or 17 people killed mostly kids
so Marco Rubio has to pretend that he
cares and he does he says so at least
now Marco are you gonna take any action
nope so let's watch what he says right
afterwards some of your colleagues in
the Senate here
from Washington DC have already been
trying to make this about policy and
about gun control is this the
appropriate time to be doing that oh
it's not only because people don't know
they don't know how this happened I may
have them who this person is what
motivated them how did they get a hold
of the weapon that they use for this
attack I think it's important to know
all that before you jump to conclusions
that there is some law that we could
have passed that could have prevented it
and there may be but shouldn't we at
least know the facts and so I think that
you can always have that debate but if
you're gonna have the debate about this
particular incident you should know the
facts that incident before you run out
and describe some law that you claim
could have prevented it I've seen a lot
of that on television and maybe there is
a law that could have prevented this
instance but we don't know that and
neither do they
so Marco Rubio right after the shooting
I don't know don't do anything don't do
anything don't do anything we got to
gather a lot of facts but you had chance
to gather facts after the Las Vegas
shooting and the shooting before that in
the shooting before that Marco where's
all your facts uh yeah I didn't man
already gave me 3.3 million reasons why
I shouldn't gather any facts but I tell
you right after any tragedy when you are
most excited to actually take action
whatever you do do not take action let
me be clear marco rubio has been legally
bribed by the nra to the tune of 3.3
million dollars now what do you think
Marco Rubio cares more about the three
million bucks or the citizens of Florida
everybody knows the answer to that now
there is an actual honest Republican
from the state of Florida his name is
Dave jolly now of course he gets to be
honest because he's no longer in office
so he has stopped taking the bribes so
he's free to say what is patently true
so he's former congressman Republican
congressman Florida and here's what he
has to say about the Republican Party
there is a lot that perhaps is unknown
politically but let's be brutally honest
about
what we do know and I say this as a
Republican
Republicans will never do anything on
gun control consider last summer you had
Republican members of Congress shot and
nearly killed during a softball practice
and they did nothing after the polls
night club Democrats had a sit-in in the
House Republicans did nothing after
Vegas hundreds injured over 50 killed
Republicans did nothing
the idea of gun policy in the Republican
Party is to try to get a speaking slot
at the NRA and proved to that
constituency that you're further right
then generations passive Republicans
have been on gun and so if this is the
issue that defines your ideology as a
voter there are two things I would
suggest tonight first flip the house
flip the house Republicans are not going
to do a single thing after this shooting
we saw today he's absolutely right and
now that he's freed from the the
treadmill of having to collect bribes
from donors like the NRA he could tell
you the truth the Republicans will never
do anything about gun control now let me
show you why look at these numbers if
this is donations received from gun
lobbyists in just the 2016 election
cycle not overall just one cycle yes
some Democrats took money $106,000 I
can't stand that I would take that money
out of politics immediately as well but
look at the Republicans 5.9 million
dollars just in 2016 alone gee I wonder
why the Republicans keep voting against
gun control they got six million reasons
to do so let me give you some of the
different Republicans in Congress and
show you the number the amount of money
that they have taken from the NRA in
their lifetimes so this is overall not
just one cycle John McCain has taken
seven point seven million dollars from
the NRA Richard Byrd 6.9 million Roy
Blunt 4.5 million Tom Tillis 4.4 Cory
Gardner pretending to be a moderate
Republican from Colorado has taken 3.8
million dollars from the NRA and of
course votes against gun control they
all vote against gun control there's our
friend Marco Rubio at three points three
Joni Ernst three point one Rob Portman
three million Todd Young
cassadee you see those are top ten
senators they all take millions upon
millions of dollars from the NRA and
they do and what is their number one job
after taking all that legalized bribes
it is not to protect you it is not to
protect your kids it is to protect their
donors and in this case it was the NRA
that bribed them so it's the NRA they
will protect top ten representatives who
received an IRA funding from the house
let's look at that hey will you look at
that it's also a giant amount of money
and it's also all Republicans Republican
after Republican hey there's Greg G of
40 he just got the Congress he's still
taking all that when he's number five
he's a freshman he just won in Montana
he's the guy who said he wouldn't take
any corporate PAC money and then as soon
as he got into office said you idiot
suckers who voted for me of course I'm
taking corporate PAC money
I was lying I'm a notorious liar you
were so stupid to vote for me that's
what G of 40 has to say for the voters
of Montana so if you don't want your
kids massacred understand that there are
people bribing them to make sure that
you they look the other way either votes
to make sure that you have some gun
control any kind of gun control 93% of
Americans want federal background checks
but these bright politicians vote no
every time take charge
vote out all the corrupt bums corruption
isn't just about starting wars it isn't
just about crony capitalism those things
happen it is also about this issue here
I'll show you one last chart and this
one Ted Cruz is the big winner and you
can see the red is the Republicans the
blue is the Democrats and it gives you a
sense of scale for how much more money
the Republicans take from gun lobbyists
and it gives you all the different
people in Congress who've taken money
and and these are the top two
congressional recipients and that was
just in the 2016 election cycle this is
what corruption looks like and the
result is 17 people dead in a school
down in Florida you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network
/join
