Jim Cady joins us now on rebel
headquarters you're gonna love this guy
Jim welcome I there's 80 different
reasons why I'm a big fan
great to have you here so thanks happy
to be here yes number one from you're
from Jersey I'm from Jersey number two
you're from Belmar
I love Belmar great wings great pizza
good beaches fun for everybody
number three what you did at Saint
John's is heroic
and if people haven't heard the story
that's where I want to start I know
you're running for Congress I know
you're gonna kick Chris Smith's ass and
boy does that ass need kicking but first
let's start with when you were an
assistant soccer coach at st. John's
Nike was the sponsor of the team but you
wouldn't wear their clothes why it was
back in the late 90s that was an
assistant soccer coach at Saint John's
University I was the goalkeeper coach
and while I was coaching I was also
going to graduate school I was doing a
degree in theology and in my first class
I started writing a paper about Nikes
labor practices in light of what's
called Catholic social teaching and what
I found was if you wanted to pick a
company that violated everything we
claim to stand for is the largest
Catholic university in the country Nike
was it and at the same time that I was
learning this over in theology in
athletics we were negotiating a three
and a half million dollar endorsement
deal with Nike and part of that deal I
had to wear promote the products I tried
to negotiate myself out of the deal for
about a year behind the scenes
eventually I took a public stand and I
said I will not be a walking
advertisement for a company that's
exploiting poor people in developing
countries all around the world and I was
given an ultimatum you wear Nike you
drop this or get out I held my ground I
was forced to resign I became the first
and still I'm the only athlete in the
world to say no to Nike because of the
sweatshop issue and that was big news I
started getting invited to college
campuses to talk about it and in those
early audiences that have the market
fundamentalists screaming at me you
don't know what you're talking about
those are great jobs for those poor
people and what else would they be doing
and you can't compare the wages there to
here they can live like a king on a
dollar a day over there and I knew from
my research they were wrong the
competitive jersey athlete in me wanted
to prove that
wrong so in the summer of 2000 I moved
to Tangerang Indonesia and I went to go
live with Nike sweatshop workers and
tried to survive on their wage at the
time it was a dollar 25 a day and in one
month I lost 25 pounds trying to survive
on that Nike sweatshop wage and I slept
on a cement floor with rats and
cockroaches and I met the mostly young
women who made the stuff that I wore
from my whole life as an athlete and I
promised them I'll go home I'll tell
your stories I'll advocate for you and I
thought I was gonna do that you know for
a six or seven week speaking tour I
ended up doing it full-time for 15 years
and I have lectured on that issue with
more than 500 campuses in 43 different
states in 3 different countries I've
been brought down to Capitol Hill to
brief members of Congress about the
issue in 2015 when the TPP deal was
being pushed by the Obama administration
he had his press conference on Nikes
campus and I was being brought on to
television shows and from that when a
Bernie staffer saw me and I ended up
having a clandestine mission organized
through their office and working with
some other nonprofits and went to
Vietnam and met with the underground
labor movement democracy movement and
brought them the side of the story that
they weren't getting from our State
Department and our corporate Dems and
then brought back what was really going
on in the ground because Nike was the
largest private employer in Vietnam at
the time and you know went down and
briefed the Senate Finance Committee on
this and I've just been deeply committed
on that issue and it was really a
formative experience for me in that I
saw how power aligned to protect an
injustice and I raged against it and I
still have been you know for the last 20
years of my life and it really created a
dynamic for me that I always seek out
where our people voiceless vulnerable
marginalized and I try to bring my
passion and commitment to social justice
and my voice to bear to be a voice for
those voiceless yeah but Jim have you
ever done anything progressive all right
so now that we've learned that you're a
billion times better guy than I am we
could move forward didn't Chris Christie
the ones tell you to sit down and shut
up - yeah a lot of people in New Jersey
and around the country know to sit down
and shut up moment and you can't walk
into a bar here in New Jersey you say to
somebody hey remember when Christie
screamed that guy - sit down and shut up
and everyone
yeah and I'm like well that was me what
they don't know is why
that was the second anniversary of
Hurricane sandy hurricane sandy
devastated my hometown of Belmar I had
dropped everything for a month after the
storm helped get my town cleaned up and
cleared out in fact a few days into the
recovery the borough gave me one of the
big borough dump trucks to run all of
the volunteer crews around town to help
out families and you know I trusted the
governor when he said after we got the
state stabilized that the top priority
of his administration was going to be
getting sandy families back home and
here we were fast-forwarding two years
and we still had over 10,000 families
that weren't back home yet and the
federal government had given the state
of New Jersey 1 point 1 billion dollars
to help sandy families get back home and
in two years only 219 million dollars
have gone out the door so I was asking
the question as the progressive who also
cares about fiscal responsibility
where's the other 880 million and the
governor couldn't answer that question
and eventually blew his stack and
screamed to me to sit down and shut up
and I made it very clear to the governor
on that day that that would never happen
that I would always stand up and speak
out for the people in New Jersey I
helped to form an organization called a
New Jersey organizing project and
through the NJ Opie in the advocacy work
that we did in the three months
following to sit down and shut up moment
more money went out the door to sandy
families that have gone out the previous
two years and I share that in particular
for the activists that are listening to
this this is why public provocative
active civil disobedience works and we
have to be on the front lines
challenging our elected officials and
demanding accountability from them for
the promises that they make I can't
imagine a worse guy to try to get to
shut up and sit down then Jim Cady that
one going to work look I want to give
your links right away in case people
want to help so you know you talked
about activism well people can get
active on your campaign they could
volunteer they could do small dollar
donations they want a little bit larger
donations right because I guess you're
going to be up
a lot of corporate money in a little bit
and so the links of course will be down
below and just click on them in the
description box on YouTube and of course
on Facebook as well in the comment
section so Jim you are running against
Crispin but before you get to me I'll
win the primary yeah I can't imagine
that the establishment Democrats or big
fans of yours other folks in the primary
yes you talk about being up against
corporate money I'm up against it right
now I've got a guy who jumped into the
race who you know the day that he jumped
into the primary he said I am a centrist
at heart this is a guy who is literally
taking contributions from Wall Street
billionaires now he was able to raise a
decent chunk of money in a very short
period of time but he's getting massive
contributions from big-money people my
average contribution is about $60 his is
600 I
he has only 30 people in the district
that have supported him financially we
out raised them in a district 16 to one
all right this is we are running our
campaign bold progressive unapologetic
with small dollar contributions 94% of
the contributions that have come in to
Katie for Congress are under $200 but
he's got the establishment are starting
to circle the wagons and get behind him
and this is why it's so important you
know we talk about races like this all
over the country this is a red district
that we can flip and you know the the
the establishment Democrats are looking
to play it safe I'm gonna read you
here's we had a debate last night he
sent out a blast email today to his
supporters here's what he says one of
the most thoughtful questions I received
last night was about how we can convince
conservative voters to support a
Democrat after three and a half decades
with the Republican Congressmen so his
plan is to be center-right Republican
light and try to peel off Democrats I
look at our situation in the last three
midterm elections the Democrat has only
gotten 55,000 votes we have a hundred
and thirty one thousand Democrats that
are registered in the district so we
shouldn't be talking about how are we
going to peel off 35,000 disaffected
Republicans which
be impossible by the way we should be
asking how do we get eighty thousand
Democrats that come out from the
wilderness and get back engaged with the
process we have two hundred and twenty
thousand unaffiliated voters 110
thousand with whom have not voted in one
out of the last three elections right
that is where our energy energy should
be spent now trying to peel off
Republicans we should be looking at how
do we build a bold progressive base so
not only do we win in riding the wave in
2018 look I live on the beach in New
Jersey waves died down so we better have
a strong foundation and when we build
that strong foundation not only will we
pick up a congressional seat like this
and defend it for decades to come
but we will start to pick up school
board seats and town committee seats and
County freeholder seats and state
assembly seats you know we only have we
have four state districts that make up
the congressional forth only one of them
is blue and we're talking about how do
we get conservative Republicans to join
us now money talks and this is why this
guy's been able to get the support of
some of these County elected officials
and the county committee people and this
is why I need look if this were ever a
race that the people watching this show
would want to jump into I'm asking you
right now we need bold progressive
Democrats and independents to jump on to
Jim Katy calm to make five ten fifteen
dollar contributions if you can do more
that's great we need to show our force
to the establishment that we can raise
money and not have to compromise our
bold progressive values so I'll add this
in ending look you idiot two things from
Jim and it's obvious from and it's the
first time I'm meeting Jim from this
interaction number one this this guy's a
fighter right that that's that's exactly
what you want that's what you need you
need someone to fight for progressive
values and it look we're out of time but
he's for getting money out of politics
he's for Medicare for all obviously
saving the environment etc the second
thing is Chris Smith is a loathsome
Republican in New Jersey it's
embarrassing that Chris Smith represent
that district and you're not gonna win
it by going with a mealy-mouthed
Democratic establishment way
of trying to convince Republicans to
vote for you know you just gotta get
you're exactly right Jim you just gotta
get Democratic voters that exist in
plenty enough votes to win you got to
get them to show up to vote you know
what what the well again I'm gonna show
up to vote if they're excited about the
candidate if they think the candidates
gonna fight for them Democratic
establishment is built on people taking
money and funneling into their
consultant friends the reason they're
supporting the other guys that are kini
is because the other guy is going to
raise more money and hence get the
consultants more cash right Jake let me
throw this out real real quick for you
when you mention that so there is one
Democratic chairwoman that came out and
endorsed this other guy that I'm running
against she now is working for a company
that has the consulting job for his
campaign there's another Democratic
Chairman who recently endorsed him he's
now the intern campaign manager so there
aren't even levels of separation on this
ya know to which I say of course of
course that's what's happening all right
find a progressive champions like Jim
and he's fought for it his whole life
he's proven it over and over again
so again go to the links and make sure
that you're donating if you can and if
you're in his district go out there and
volunteer if he can go to Indonesia and
and live on a dollar 25 not per hour but
per day you can go out there and make a
couple of calls and knock on a couple of
doors for them let's go get this
district for actual progressives Jim
Keaney thanks so much for joining us at
rebel headquarters back sir hat me it's
great to be here
