Donald Trump has been very clear about
his immigration policy he wants to end
so-called chain migration he wants to do
away with visas that allow low-skilled
individuals to come into the country but
his actions obviously do speak louder
than words and if you do a quick
analysis of the types of employees his
companies tend to hire you'll notice the
vast majority of them happen to be
foreign workers and their foreign
workers who come to the United States on
a temporary basis for low-skilled work
so these are not people who are you know
typically the type of people that he
would be supportive of in his rhetoric
so let me give you the details on this
now we're going to look at two Trump
properties in Florida and one Trump
property in New York the time period is
between 12 2016 and the end of 2017
beginning of 2016 end of 2017 when you
look at the number of employees that
were hired you'll find that only one of
those employees was a US citizen hiring
managers said they were able to find and
hire only one qualified American worker
a cook for 144 open positions for
servers Cook's housekeepers and
bartenders interesting so the United
States doesn't have people who could
work as bartenders no one's qualified to
work as a bartender I find that a little
strange no no Ana to be fair though it's
in the remote areas of New York and
Florida South Florida yeah I'm can you
have you ever heard of an American
bartender in New York never never it's a
rarity in August of 2017 alone for
instance Mar Lago and Palm Beach slot
permission to hire 70 servers
housekeepers and cooks for eight months
starting in October also in July of 2017
the Department of Homeland Security
raised the cap on h-2b visas for guest
workers from 66 thousand to 81 thousand
for fiscal year 2017
now July 2017 that's when Trump is
president Trump essentially petitioned
to raise the cap for these foreign
workers three days later trunk
properties essentially asked the the
Department of Homeland Security to allow
foreign workers to work for Trump
properties no I'm sure that it was not
connected though no no no not at all
okay so to me one of the most telling
parts of this is this is the only part
of immigration that Trump has increased
so everything else has been decreased so
if you're an h-1b high skilled worker
the tech guys are screaming that they
need more workers there and they don't
have enough coders etc now it's not like
they can't pay it off Monday pay a lot
of money it's not like the agricultural
workers right and they're like we just
don't have enough workers okay
but Trump says no no high-skilled
workers here I'm not raising the quote
on the h-1b s-- the other part of the
program is the h-2a z-- those are for
agricultural workers farm workers now
those fighting American workers for
those are actually difficult okay and
and several different states have tried
to kick out undocumented immigrants and
then put out you know notices to try to
get American workers and then increase
the wages and they still couldn't get it
done okay but bartenders cooks servers
Busboys no no American was qualified for
those jobs actually only one American
was qualified for one of those jobs but
the other 143 job openings they had to
go to these foreign workers and no
American was qualified I mean what were
they gonna do what were they gonna do
because of his rhetoric he brings down
immigration in every other category but
the one category were he hires workers
somehow that goes up and three days
later he gets a permit to hire almost
everyone from outside the car this is
why when we brought up the issues of
conflicts of interest we made such a big
deal about it because if you have a
president who is a business owner he is
going to use his position as president
to push for and pass legislation and
policy that benefits him in his bottom
line and that's exactly what happened
here look
nothing against bringing in foreign
workers based on these visas based on
these job openings if it makes sense but
in this case I mean listen to his
rhetoric and then take a quick look at
his actions I'm pretty sure there were
Americans that not only were qualified
for those jobs but would have gladly
taken those jobs so let's take a look at
how much was offered in regard to pay so
mar-a-lago offered 10 dollars and 33
cents per hour for housekeepers thirteen
dollars and forty three cents for cooks
and eleven dollars and eighty-eight
cents for servers no tips which I don't
understand why no tips anyway so they
offered wages comparable to what
Americans are getting paid in other jobs
and so you know the argument is always
oh well Americans won't take the jobs
because they're not making enough money
but again these are wages that are
comparable to other companies that have
similar job openings so one way that you
could have gotten American workers if it
was true by the way they so by law they
have to follow this procedure to say
well I tried to get American workers but
I couldn't and oftentimes especially for
like h-1b workers that's real you
actually those are very specialized
workers you put out notices you can't
find anyone then then you go outside the
country okay in this case they're like
oh well we put it in a newspaper for a
little while and golly gee we didn't
like anyone who applied that by the way
did the government check to see if any
of the things that there's the Trump
properties are saying is true no nobody
checked okay and okay
so you can't get a cook for 13 bucks or
whatever why don't you try 15 bucks what
should be the minimum wage at which by
the way is the argument that people make
and mainly on the right wing but some
even on the left wing saying why don't
you just increase wages I mean there is
a price at which Americans will pick
tomatoes there's certainly a price at
which they'll become a bartender
bartenders all across the country so you
made a really interesting point about
how there is a price at which Americans
are willing to do some of that
agriculture work which by the way is
back-breaking labor very difficult to do
but there have been multiple case
studies including in Napa Valley
California at the vineyards
where
the farmers would increase the wages it
would be beyond a living wage they would
also offer health benefits and other
benefits to their workers in these job
openings and Americans did not want to
take the jobs time and time again they
did not want to take the jobs it's
difficult work it's so hard and III
think that we really overestimate how
much of a difference the pay would make
in certain fields of work but not these
fields for the country
okay so marker couch so you don't take
our word for it if you're a right winger
and it was a very little possibility
that you would so I'm gonna quote
someone who can't stand immigration
marker Corian although I'm pretty sure
that he probably his family at some
point immigrated here anyway
executive director for a Center for
Immigration Studies he advocates for
immigration restrictions and he really
really likes Trump but on this h2 B's
he's confused and he says that he's
quote displeased with what Trump is done
and then goes on to say and I'm gonna
soften the court here but he said it
pretty harshly
it's a BS law written to ensure that
employers don't have to hire Americans
and that's what Trump is taking and
going yes I get richer well pretend to
be first look at my hat my hat says make
America great again you think I haven't
hire Americans screw Americans of course
I'm gonna hire people from what kind of
countries and by the way of Muslim
countries he hires from Mexico Guatemala
Jamaica no no this is the yes that's
true but also employers in Texas hired
the most of these foreign workers what
happened are you a red state okay and
the only good news out of all this is
that given that a South Florida he
almost certainly hired some Haitians who
are now his cooks and his bartenders not
saying any I'm just saying
okay and and look overall if you're a
Trump fan you could deny it all you want
but anyway these are facts and so you
know you know
fermented and now you know it you know
it he doesn't care about you he doesn't
care about American workers all he cares
about is Donald Trump how do I make
Donald Trump richer if I got a sucker
who's gonna vote for me because he
thinks I care about the American worker
even though during the campaign you saw
the stories about how he would hire
illegal immigrants undocumented
immigrants over and over and over again
and he would cheat and still and and do
scam after scam and he would the last
thing you wanna do is hire American
workers why I don't want to pay him I
don't pay him I want to make more money
yeah and he's doing it again as
president and manipulating the laws so
if you're against immigration he's
playing you for a fool Oh get distracted
by the wall but don't look at all the
foreign workers I just hired if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
