a former classmate of Brett Cavanaugh's
has decided to come forward with a story
involving Kavanagh and an individual
that he engaged in a bar fight with now
this is a Yale Yale student former Yale
student who did not want to initially
come forward but he says that after
hearing Kavanagh minimized his drinking
habits and his behavior when he was a
college student he felt that he needed
to share the details of this story with
the public so his name is Charles Lud
again and he was a former Yale
University basketball player and he is
scheduled to meet with the FBI and talk
about what he knows and he will discuss
Cavanaugh's alleged role in instigating
a bar fight more than three decades ago
now he did speak to Chris Cuomo on CNN
and so I don't want to put words in his
mouth let's hear what he has to say
about this bar fight Chris Dudley and
Brett Kavanaugh and I went to a ub40
concert they were a popular reggae band
of the 1980s so after the concert we
went to a bar called Emery's and we were
drinking and I assumed beer but and at
some point we looked over at this fellow
who looked very similar to the lead
singer of you before he got in an alley
Campbell well he saw us looking at him
and didn't like the fact that we were
looking at them so he said something
like you know what the hell are you
looking at and I said we just thought
you were the the lead singer of ub40
and he said something fairly aggressive
frankly you know I'm not and screw off
or something to that degree and at that
point Brett took umbrage at this and
threw his beer at the guy I actually now
found out from her the report that
wasn't beer that I had misremembered it
was ice cubes and whatever the drink was
that he was drink and well the fellow
boss says hey Bret Bret said you or
something to that effect and threw
through the ice at the guy and the guy
understandably even though he had been
aggressive in his response found that
was a little one step too far so he took
a swing at Bret and then they were kind
of and two guys fighting that was all
very quick and then I'm at that point
Chris Dudley who had his drink in his
hand proceeded to smash it up against
the guy's head I'm gonna just make
Cuomo's face every time you talk from
now so he did accidentally curse on air
by the way part of the reason for
Cuomo's face but it to be fair he had
the face throughout all right so to the
substance now look guys if you're
wondering why are we talking about this
bar fight from when they were in college
there's a really good reason why and a
lot of people are gonna get misled
because the there's a lot of propaganda
out there they but now they're judging
the guy for a fight he got into when he
was in college no we're not no we're not
I've gotten into bar fights and was it
over stupid stuff like that yes
Oh where does it bar fight over
something intelligent it's just a quick
side note don't call women and I know
you don't but don't call women overly
emotional and irrational ever again like
women don't engage in random bar fights
ever ever well maybe sometimes they yeah
but guys do more yes yeah and we do get
a little emotional when somebody says
screw off or whatever right sorry I know
it's so silly but we were all kids were
all young we are a lot of testosterone
etc right so that's not the issue guys
the issue is that Kavanagh is a weird
liar he keeps saying oh god I never
drank the excess
look I I didn't even drink till I was 22
but if you ask me did you ever drink too
much the answer is oh yes yes I'm drink
too much on many occasions right
remember after the bar exam you know
leaning over a gutter thousand examples
so can you write but Diskin open oh I
was he literally said that he was a
choir boy in the Fox News interview and
that actually set off some of his
classmates there like you were a choir
boy did that guy Chad Lonnie mean that
you just saw was one of his friends they
went to the concert together they
apparently drank some red red Y together
I got that from a viewer okay hey here's
our gonna do liberal mom okay and and so
they were all playing Chris Dudley is a
former NBA player and and Dudley Zagat
know everything was fine Brett never
drank the excess and Chad the guy you
just saw was like I'm done with Chris
too he said what are you lying for of
course we drank too much look the reason
why Cavanaugh is lying about drinking
too much is because he doesn't want
anyone to make the argument that he
could have done what he was accused of
doing after blacking out while drunk
right and so that's why he minimizes his
drinking but we now know based on the
accounts of several people who went to
school with him that he did drink he
drank a lot and by the way I don't think
it's a small thing to throw a cup of ice
at someone the police report indicates
that the individual they threw the that
he threw the ice at was bleeding okay so
that's assault anyone else you're
talking about you know and by the way
we're not obviously he's not facing a
criminal investigation for that but it's
not just a small thing it shows that his
behavior when he was younger is not how
he described it during his hearing
okay I'm supervised cuz I throw things
at people if you were you know up for a
lifetime appointment as a Supreme Court
justice even you someone I know
personally and I admire quite a bit I
would be like no homeboys lying I don't
know why he's no no but I wouldn't lie
about it right I mean that's why I just
told you right now so at my supreme
court hearings you see this tape and I
won't lie about it okay anyway to be
fair to Cavanaugh the guy didn't get cut
from the ice so he throws ice at him
then they get into a fight then his
buddy Chris Dudley who's the star
basketball player at Yale the time comes
into the fight takes
smashes it against the guy's face the
guy's bleeding from that Dudley's hand
got cut and was also bleeding and they
were worried about his career and maybe
it did affect his career and that's why
he sucks for all those years anyone who
is a basketball fan knows that Chris
Dudley was paid more to suck than anyone
in NBA history okay so anyway that's a
random note so bottom line is you could
easily say all these things and I've
drank to excess on occasions and I never
blacked out so you can say hey okay I
drank plenty but I never blacked out
it's not that hard but his instinct his
go-to moved Cavanaugh in almost every
one of these stories is life first
pretend you're a super choirboy all I
ever did was work out and have beers and
my daddy it was one of the funnier parts
I thought his dad was dead okay the way
that he was speaking about his dad did
you see that he said my daddy used to
take good notes I love my dad I was like
I got all worked up I got a little
emotional at that I talked about on day
one and it turns out I wasn't alone
everybody assumed his dad was said whose
dad was right behind him have a nice day
yeah Kevin knows dad is not dead he was
right behind him in the earrings know
loving your dad that's a great thing
that's why you know there was a part of
that opening statement that I empathize
with and and that I made clear on day
one but this is now 18 lies too many
and there's another Yale classmate
Richard Unger it was like him a choirboy
no no no he's like look we went to deke
and I'm deke was also a party friend of
my school and he's like we drank we
drank heavily pretending that we didn't
drink heavily is insanity I don't know
why he's lying about that who I know on
the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
