a police officer in West Virginia who
lost his job for refusing to shoot a
suspect has settled with the delete'
Police Department to the tune of
$175,000 Stephen Mader is the name of
the cop who got fired and the case all
began when he was called to a home where
does domestic dispute had occurred there
was he was immediately confronted by the
suspect who was holding a gun now it was
an unloaded gun and Stephen Mader the
cop in the story realized that this guy
didn't really pose a threat because as
soon as he was confronted by him
the suspect asked him to shoot him and
what Mader wanted to do was de-escalate
the situation he didn't want to shoot
him he told him I'm not gonna shoot
please drop the gun let's let's figure
this out and then two other police
officers showed up to the scene and
immediately shot and killed the suspect
now the police department decided that
Mader had put the other cops lives in
danger by not shooting the suspect and
they fired him made her suit for for
wrongful firing and wrongful termination
wrongful termination there we go and
luckily he did win a settlement of
$175,000 okay so understand that the
cops through an investigation and they
go ohmmeter was right the gun was not
loaded he was trying to do suicide by
cop so you're fired anyway so you showed
proper restraint it's not that there are
a few bad apples and then once the
apples or bad apples or realize they
throw them out and they fix the a bunch
right no there is actually a few good
apples like Mader and once they're
discovered there immediately crushed and
thrown away okay now why because that
embarrasses the rest of the cops
we went and kill that guy we didn't need
to kill and it turns out you showed we
beyond a shadow of a doubt that we
didn't need to kill him
so we got to get rid of you cuz it's
embarrass your embarrassing the rest of
us who are cowards and don't want to
take any chances and we shoot shoot
shoot shoot shoot kill kill kill kill
kill because that's in the training look
what
I say that it it's not just a few bad
apples it's not to say all cops are bad
people that's ridiculous right but it is
to say that the training is wrong they
train them to be bad apples so when they
get a good Apple they said one of the
reasons they fired him they're like you
didn't follow protocol they said he had
apparent difficulties in critical
incident reasoning I yeah I couldn't
disagree with that more he understood
the importance of de-escalating the
situation rather than shooting before
asking any questions the other cops
arrived to the scene and immediately
shot the suspect dead and I commend
mater for his bravery I commend him for
understanding the responsibility that he
had as a police officer and and Jake I
agree with you there's an issue with the
training but more importantly even after
the training there's a problem with the
culture because the culture at least at
this specific Police Department in West
Virginia is no no you absolutely have to
shoot as soon as you think that this
person might pose even a small risk and
if you don't you will be punished you
will lose your job that sends a very
strong message to all cops I don't think
all cops you know enter the force as bad
people as corrupt people as individuals
want to cause harm to people I think I
think they genuinely start wanting to do
good but I think that they get tainted
by the current culture that we're seeing
in where is teach them to be bad guys
and we encourage it look if you shoot
the wrong guy you don't get fired you
killed the wrong person you don't get
fired you don't kill the person and
you're right you get fired I mean it's
it's it's crazy you think like I know
some right-wingers like how that made
her soft man what if the gun wasn't
loaded I know mater is a Marine veteran
who served in Afghanistan and since he
served in in in really hostile
situations he said he had a sense of
what is actually dangerous and what is
not dangerous and who is going to act
and who's not going to act and and he
wanted to protect a fellow citizen in
West Virginia he was looking out for you
he wanted to make sure look
how many people wants Virginia have guns
a lot right he caught this guy in a bad
day yeah and he wanted to make sure that
the guy didn't die on a bad day and he
was he's a veteran who's been through it
before and he wanted to make sure that
he protected that guy's life and they're
like well you must be punished for doing
the right thing because you're
embarrassing the rest of us who are
taught and rewarded to do the wrong
thing he is exactly the type of person
who is well suited to protect and serve
and even though I'm happy he received
this settlement right now he's employed
as a truck driver and and that is such a
gross injustice
yeah whereas the guys who shot the the
guy unnecessarily are still cops in West
Virginia and one last thing of course
afterwards it wasn't just enough to fire
him they had to smear him yeah so one of
the things they said was he put a
parking ticket in the wrong part of the
car once and one time he cursed while
confronting a suspect you have to fire
every cop I mean why don't you just say
we're corrupt and we'd like to announce
how corrupt we are by pretending that we
care about cops cursing okay it's it was
a gross act of mr. injustice we got a
little bit of justice today with a
settlement but he should be welcome than
any police force in the country you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
