sometimes news slips beneath the radar
of most people and most outlets even
though at times it can be in a very real
sense literally the most important story
imaginable and we've got one for you
today that has to do with the future of
our civilization and it's not
particularly sexy but it does have to do
with whether or not we can exist as a
species and so this has to do with an
analysis of satellite data from NASA and
European satellites that conducted with
data from the past 25 years that shows
that yes the seas are rising and much
more importantly they are rising faster
and faster every single year and now
we're seeing well I'll give you some
more numbers in just a second but study
says global mean sea levels risen by
roughly 3 millimeters per year since
1993 which resulted in nearly three
inches of sea level rise over the past
25 years now that may seem small on a
year by year basis but the thing about
years is that they keep on coming and
the thing about the ocean is that it's
really big and so it takes a lot to
raise it inches and over enough decades
that will get worse but here's the more
important information after reviewing
data from satellite study ice sheets in
Greenland and the Antarctic the
researchers noted the rate of sea level
rise over this past 25 years slowly
increased by about point zero eight
millimeters per year which again on a
yearly basis is a small thing but just
like with compound interest it adds up
over time in a big way extrapolated out
over the next 80 years or so this means
the earth could see a two-foot jump in
sea level in that time period at point
zero eight millimeters yeah not gonna
get your shoes wet two feet if you live
in Miami if you live in Bangladesh if
you live in the Philippines or so many
areas we're literally billions of people
live two feet is the difference between
living and swimming and humans are
better at one than the other I don't
want us to have to choose so we got some
more data but what do you think of these
initial results okay so first of all if
you live in Miami
you won't yeah well when the oceans rise
two feet you're gone Miami's gone and it
sounds like hyperbole like no come on
don't be ridiculous no look
and we're talking about that is by 2100
okay so that's actually not that long
we're in 2018 that's 82 years from now
and it by the way doesn't happen just at
once you if you're thinking like oh
that's okay I won't be around it keeps
rising throughout the years it doesn't
go from zero to two feet it'll get the 1
foot before it gets a 2 feet and by that
time Miami's probably already gone and
you know cities like Miami and even Los
Angeles here we have been around that
long so I think that I saw sure that
Miami Beach has been around only since
1915 it rallies are all rough of course
it might have been when it got
incorporate or whatever that's only
about a hundred years right and a
hundred years from now it won't exist
yeah and so now look let me give you the
context for this for what the scientist
said here they're like look we we want
to make sure we've got this right so we
did they did costal measurements but
they're worried about obviously the
tides obviously they can account for
that but so they go to satellite imagery
to double-check satellite imagery exist
since 1993 but the problem was in 91
there was a rupture of Pinatubo and that
caused the sea levels to rise and they
said we want to take that out because we
don't want that to seem like it's
related to climate change or anything
like that so there actually be going
more conservative on sea level rises and
they go through all these different
calculations and I mention that to you
for two reasons one is some significant
percentage of Americans have been
brainwashed into believing all these
scientists who go through these
calculations these endless technical
detailed calculations or all lying now
all the numbers are made up the
satellites didn't really take those
pictures they didn't actually do that
math all of them yeah all of them were
bought by the Chinese fake nervous-like
no each like if you know the details the
work that they put their life's work
that they put into this to believe that
it's a hoax I mean look I get it I keep
wanting to call you stupid because it is
a unbelievably stupid thing to believe
but it really isn't about intelligence
about ignorance and you've been
brainwashed by the Fox News of the world
and Donald Trump's and they're believing
outrageous insane things like that
all the millions of scientists in the
world are part of a global conspiracy no
they do math take to science and and in
the second point I wanted to make and
why I brought that up is that they say
these are the most conservative
estimates so they're like look we're
trying in every way to make it as
conservative as possible we don't want
to get into hyperbole besides which
we're scientists were generally
skeptical and we don't want to you know
overstate things etc the high-end of how
much the sea level could rise by the end
of the century is two hundred and fifty
centimeters that is over eight feet
there are ice shelves on the land they
when they fall into the ocean they're
then in the ocean that is one of many
phenomenon but that's a fact
the Chinese didn't make that up and it
adds up yeah and actually even slightly
more slightly more important if we go to
graphic 12 the fifty-five percent of the
rise that we're seeing could actually be
attributed to water expansion from just
hotter water
it's bigger I don't know if they I think
everybody knows yeah you think though
that because they think oh it's no
there's no such thing as climate change
yeah exactly and so if you I mean it's
very easy for conservatives who aren't
interested in science just say they're
all bought out I don't understand what
they're doing it's bunch of numbers it's
scary if you'd like to see what some of
these scientists actual work is like in
a couple of months my documentary series
to know who's going to be coming out
these are the people that I was riding
around in a sealing vessel up in the
Arctic for a couple of months last year
they do work on this sort of information
so you're gonna see their work now I
know what you're gonna say John you were
bought off too by the Chinese and I
don't have anything any response to that
sorry but also and again the two-feet
thing by 2100 it sounds like okay that
sounds really scary but I'm probably not
even gonna live I eat a lot of bacon and
a lot of sugar I'm not gonna live that
long here's the interesting thing about
the water is it's not just this is the
ocean it changes over time and sometimes
there's bad weather and sometimes it
gets really stormy and so two feet
average is really bad one foot average
which is gonna happen way or
earlier when you have a storm surge or
when you have a hurricane is way worse
than what we have right now and it is
not going to take long for us to get
there the two feet we're already gonna
be way away from Miami at that point
because it will have been devastated by
so many intense storms that it will be
uninhabitable even before it's
permanently underwater now look maybe
this is to doomsday ish and some of you
will say I'm getting carried away but
when I go to Vegas is for a different
reason I look around those unreal
palaces that they have built in Las
Vegas and I think one day there's some
chance I'm gonna come back here with my
kids and it's gonna be like old Roman
leftovers right ruins ruins thank you I
was for that word okay it's a
complicated word even though I have the
best words anyway it's gonna be and
because at some point we're gonna have a
devastating economic collapse okay
that's a different story every time I go
to Miami and I try to go to Miami as
often as possible I soak it in because I
know tick tock tick dike in my lifetime
I can nearly guarantee you Miami's gonna
be wiped out look some portions of Miami
might survive South Beach no chances
survives these scientists they're not
making the numbers up we can see with
our own eyes just because CNN doesn't
talk about it and the whole world
doesn't concentrate on and actually if
the whole world does just we don't
America doesn't just because the
American media and the American
politicians are corrupt and don't talk
about it doesn't mean that it doesn't
exist
the ocean is definitely rising yeah even
if we acted quickly which were not to go
my opposite direction yeah we're going
the observations even if we fought super
hard to end climate change Miami's
probably still doomed but if but in the
current rate that we're going there is
no way that it survives you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
