we've had a lot of interesting
surprising state legislative special
elections over the past year and a half
and we've got another one for you this
one down in Florida it was prompted by
the August resignation of State
Representative Alex Miller a Republican
midway through her first term now back
in November 2016
Miller won that seat by about 16
percentage points which isn't that's a
nice healthy win in a state legislative
race that district voted for Trump over
Hillary Clinton by about five percentage
points in the 2016 presidential election
so not quite as strong she outperformed
Donald Trump but still a healthy lead
for a guy who lost the popular vote and
so you might think oh well I mean who's
her successor which Republicans gonna
get it I think again Democrat Margaret
good defeated Republican James Buchanan
in that special election 52 to 45
flipping a Republican win in the
previous time by 16 points down to a 7
point Democrat wins so 23 points which
is not as high as in a lot of the
special election we've seen but it's
still a nice healthy reversal I want to
give credit to all the people that
deserve it here including sister
district that is apparently a group that
Courage's liberals across the country to
donate Democrats in tight state
legislative races wonderful wonderful
wonderful so we'll try to get them on
rebel headquarters I love people
fighting the good fight at the
grassroots level and making a giant
difference and I also want to
congratulate all the people who were
amped up to go vote especially in these
races especially in primaries you'd be
shocked at what a difference you could
make if you just go out and vote ok so
so many times in general elections we
get a Hobson's choice ok this corporate
person or that corporate person go fight
in the primaries now and then they will
tell you
oh no no primaries don't waste your
money don't waste your resources a lot
of things to discourage you right
and then there's races like this which
are general elections and you've got a
good Democrat versus a corporate
Republican and they discourage you by
saying I don't bother
they've won by 16 points there's no way
well it turns out I mean how many times
will we see now 23 points swings third
nine-point swings etc all over the
country so don't let them keep you down
go out there and register by the way
we're trying to make it as simple for
effort everybody cuz primaries are
coming for all of the house and for a
third of the Senate so TYT Network comm
/ to register that gets you to a place
where you could just enter your state
it's it's an official government website
we redirect you there okay cuz it's just
easier to - are you our URL is easier
there's a mess okay so go to tea white
tea network.com / register and go to
your own state find out how to register
it's really simple and then find out
when the primaries are and go vote in
them you can and have made a giant
difference now in Florida we're starting
to take back those legislators we got a
lot of work ahead of us because between
2009 and 2016 the Democrats lost over a
thousand seats at the state level a
thousand now we're taking him back one
by one so get out there and fight fight
fight because right now in Ohio
so-called moderate Republican John
Kasich has closed down every clinic in
in the state so now you have a right to
choose but not in Ohio you only if
you're rich maybe you can go outside the
state of Ohio if you're near the border
maybe you could find a clinic outside of
Ohio and how does he do that
it can they they vote you don't vote
they gain all the legislature they gain
the governor and then they pass anything
they like in South Dakota if over
seventy percent of the voters
Republicans and Democrats alike voted
for a ballot initiative again to take
corruption out of the system to ban
lobbyists gifts and then they the the
Republicans came in and said I don't
care about your ballot initiative what
do you think that's democracy and they
just ripped it up and they said no we're
just not gonna do it we're not going to
do it and then they took a picture where
they bragged and showed the gifts they
got from lobbyists oh man oh Jesus they
rubbed it in your face as long as you
keep voting for look and there's plenty
of corrupt Democrats and no vote for
corporate Democrats either okay but
almost all the Republicans are Pro
corruption they say yeah
I want the lobbyist money I want their
gifts I went their donations I'm gonna
call it free speech from a corporation
which is a person in the gerrymandering
yes and I'm just gonna take it
so don't let him do it to you go out
there and kick their ass
they just sit in Florida just last week
it's slightly outside of st. Louis in
Missouri another seat that was
Republican Democrats got it now a little
while back in rural part of Wisconsin
deeply Republican that was over a 30
points swing now democratic go out and
vote we'd be shocked at what you could
do including changing the world yeah
yeah it's probably too late for this
cycle but after you register to vote
start looking and running possibly it's
it's not for everybody it's extremely
complicated it's hard on yourself
sergeant your finances on your family
but if you can do it now is exactly when
you should be doing it okay
watch rebel headquarters okay the guys
the the people issue that are running
all across country right now they
already made that decision a however
long ago year ago it said it there
amazing yeah there there's the most real
people you have ever seen in your life
and they gave up their jobs they gave up
their comfortable life or not
comfortable life depending on what job
they had the woman was working in a
chicken factory putting diapers on
chicken you know why that was a job yeah
she's got to do what she's got to do see
I do that but just as a hobby okay
better than some other people's hobbies
anyway and they're running for office
and they need small dollar donations of
volunteers even if you're not gonna run
go out there and and volunteer and make
a difference and if you wanna watch
those interviews youtube.com slash tyt
politics or just become a member we
you'll get all of that as part of all of
our shows and that's of course CY tea
network.com slash join you just watch
the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
