I got two words for you bump stocks we
can't even get bumps talking talking
about it's been months it's been months
it's only designed to kill as many deer
as possible in a shrimper sorry that's
stupid
obviously it's designed to kill a crowd
of humans that's what it was used for
that's what it's designed for
we can't ban that if there were bullets
that could literally only kill children
we couldn't ban them in America it would
be impossible are you kidding or bullets
that we're magnetically attracted to
cops that we couldn't ban them in
America but there are John like that is
not a I know the armor-piercing
obviously it's not a hypothetical
armor-piercing bullets are not for deer
they don't have armor and the regular
citizen doesn't have armor
armor-piercing bullets are only meant to
kill cops we have special bullets to
kill cops and they won't ban them and
then they'll go around and do hashtag
blue lives matter no if you're beating
up on black people then all of a sudden
all the cops where'd it go
yeah keep those black people down right
oh you're getting murdered out there by
armor-piercing bullets I don't give a
crap go ahead and die what do I care
cops are gonna be crap about cops that's
what all your right-wingers say you
right-wingers hate cops because you
allow those armor-piercing bullets to
murder them but no no no no no no Dan
ari Hait spreads their money around and
so those terrorists gave us bribes we
got bribed by the terrorists at the NRA
so nope no I'm not gonna do anything
about it
they're Republican politicians aren't
gonna do anything about it and you
right-wing clowns aren't gonna do
anything about it and one day when it
comes to your neighborhood you're gonna
cry and you're gonna say nobody could
have seen this coming
well for the billionth time in a row we
see it coming and the funny thing is
we're trying to look out for you I know
apparently you don't care about your
neighbors you don't care about your kids
you don't care about anyone in this
community but we do including you we're
not trying to do gun control to it stop
your face forward it would have Mitt
Romney say he'd like to hunt vermin or
whatever he liked it rodents he liked
that we're not trying to stop you from
murdering rats or whatever that you
think you're doing with your guns we're
trying to
take you and your family as if there are
the more guns there are it is an
absolute provable statistical fact the
more deaths there are by gunfire it
doesn't take a rocket science to figure
it out and we can show you all the
numbers comparing America where we're
drowning in guns and every other country
that has gun control where they don't
have mass shootings yeah it does not
take a scientist to show it but just in
case scientists have shown it so I
retweeted a trace Dominguez youtuber
from the network seeker who did a tweet
compiling a number of different studies
correlating the number with the
correlation between the number of guns
and number of shootings and the
disparity between our country and others
so if you feel the need common sense
isn't enough if you have to see the
scientific evidence there's an abundance
of it what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
