this is America and so of course we've
got another school shooting for you
today the target was Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland Florida
and the situation is still developing
obviously we actually just got one of
the most recent facts right before going
to air but this is what we know so far
the shooter was a former student a male
I believe the name has been announces
yeah
Nicholas Cru Nicholas Cruz so far and
much more importantly a two people are
reported dead on the scene and at least
14 others have been injured although
those numbers are probably going to
change this is a school of about 3,000
students and obviously this has
traumatized that community those
people's lives will never be the same
after this I mean if you've been on
social media you've seen some of the
footage that was being sent up by
students inside of the school when it
was being locked down people were
tweeting video and statements and it was
as it always is absolutely devastating
to see we're gonna show you in just a
little bit you're seeing there some of
the footage from outside of the school
so Senator Bill Nelson from Florida has
confirmed that several people have died
the casualty reports are anywhere from
14 as that's the number the John quota
for you I've seen a lot of news stories
all the way up to 20 to 50 in some of
the reports now when these shootings
happen or a news event happens the first
24 hours you'll get a lot of things I
get corrected later so the the number of
casualties I'm sure will change both the
wounded and the killed but but it's
obvious that it was a enormous mass
shooting in this high school and in
Florida
I good to see that they apprehended the
shooter he was a former student at the
school another student at the South
Florida high school said quote he's been
a troubled kid and has always had a
certain amount of issues going on
he shot guns because he felt it gave my
guess what's the word I'm looking for an
exhilarating feeling and apparently he
talked about how he knew the floor plans
of the high school now this is again
early reporting here but that's what one
students said about the person he
believed to be the shooter and now
authorities say the shooter is is Cruz
so it is custody yeah and he's in
custody so this is the same pattern that
we see a million times over someone
who's disgruntled a misfit and and again
other student describes him as someone
that other people didn't want to be
around too much given how you know
volatile he was looking for glory
looking for strength and power and a gun
and since of course we have hundreds of
millions of guns in America super easy
to get one super easy to access one any
lunatic can grab it anyone looking for
glory can gravity whether it's a
politically motivated shooting whether
it is and that comes of all different
stripes or just someone looking to get
in into the news and and get some glory
and here we are again and you're never
gonna prevent it unless you do gun
control you know you look it doesn't
matter I don't care what your opinion is
and you oh my god but it's my hobby okay
my hobbies fantasy football doesn't kill
anyone okay so if your hobby kills tens
of thousands of Americans every year no
I don't know maybe you should think
about hate can I do my hobby in a way
that doesn't lead to as many murders of
children can I do that
oh but I'm fighting tyranny of the
government really are you who's used our
gun to fight the tyranny of government
recently and if they have they're
probably in prison or the cops probably
rightfully shot them so it's it's it's
nonsense and and we're not asking it and
ban all guns although I think a case
could be made no they're asking for
reasonable things like background checks
ninety-three percent of Americans agree
with them but no not the corrupt
politicians because they get their blood
money from the NRA who are the real
terrorists in America yeah we're we're
gonna add obviously a ton of context so
we need to as we do so often have to
remind the people who might not know of
how terrible this epidemic of mass
shootings not just shootings mass
shootings in this country actually are
but before we do that we we do want to
go to a couple of videos from the scene
we have a two
students witnesses to the shooting
giving their account of what happened
and here is the first we're worried when
the shots rang hands uh I was by the
highway over there the others what
happened you were on that time yeah yeah
yeah you knew immediately what was going
yeah no doubt I heard it I ran have you
been able to get ahold of your classroom
through some of your friends my sister
still in there she's texting me about it
right now she says to be quiet
that's all I know right now have you
heard anything else in terms of no I
know one guy got Shawn the leg that's
all I know I heard my teacher got shot
my ninth grade teacher but that's all I
know right now thinking about the terror
in the hearts of those parents I'm a
parent Jesus if my daughter was stuck in
that school or your son or anyone but
every time
politicians tells us thoughts and
prayers that's all we can give let's
pray to a mythical God in the sky above
who never comes to help us because it
isn't about him coming to help us it's
about whether we can logically pass laws
in this country that 93 percent of
Americans agree with no we don't have a
democracy we have nothing but goddamn
corruption so now in this case it was
Broward County next time it'll be in
your area it will I've told you this and
and everyone's wrong we got the email we
get tweets we'll get them today again
hey Jake I remember when you said it'd
be in my neck of the woods and then it
was anyway at a shooting near my house
in my school in my hospital and my movie
theater etc because the shootings are
not stopped there's a mass shooting
almost every single day in America and
they are coming for our kids and we're
helping them by giving everyone in the
country a gun if you have everyone in
the country has a gun do you think what
we're all 100% mentally stable the whole
country no no there's a lot of monsters
among us there's a lot of unstable
people among us there's people looking
for glory among us and we all go Jay
handing out guns like candy no one else
does across the world and they don't
have anywhere near the mass shootings
and the murder rates that we do yeah
well Jake he's not just giving guns we
actually have a tweet from president
sharp was giving something else if we
bring this graphic up he's bringing a
giving prayers and condolences oh wow
that's good that's the first time I hope
it works so radical solution
spare me and spare the parents of this
shooting and the next shooting about
your prayers and condolences you know
what I would like instead laws and bills
and legislation we're supposed to live
in a democracy can we just get a shred
of gun regulation before before we just
hand them out to everyone and go oh my
god another school shooting the
billionth in a row who could have seen
it coming I do I'll tell you right now
there'll be another one and another one
and another one and one day it's gonna
be your kids school and if you voted
against gun control and use it all go
but I like the murder deer in the woods
or whatever I'm pretending to do and my
gun makes me feel like a bigger and
better man
well you're responsible the NRA you are
deeply responsible all those legislators
mainly Republican but a lot of Democrats
as well that vote against gun control no
matter what even if you're on the
terrorist watch list even if you're
mentally unstable sometimes when you've
already committed violent crimes you're
responsible if you vote against that we
live in a democracy it is your fault
legislators when you don't do gun
control and our kids get murdered Jake
the only reason I can think of that
you're saying it's gonna continue to
happen is because it happens literally
almost every two days in this country so
we're gonna read you some stats now this
is not shootings and this is not mass
shootings which when I was a kid were
rare and big and newsworthy events this
is just school shootings just this year
there have been 18 or 19 depending on
how you define it which is almost one
every two days which means there's very
little chance we're getting to the
weekend without another school being a
site of a shooting just like what you
saw in those videos there's been 29 mass
shootings and I think that's probably a
pretty tight definition there total 17
hundred and ninety-six gun deaths this
year it's February this year and over
3,000 gun injuries this year okay so
that's the six and it is totally
acceptable to the vast majority of the
people who have any power to do anything
about it because they they love to talk
about how they're strong and security
and defense and they will they will buy
they will spend any every time you look
at the news military spending is another
twenty billion dollars no there's sixty
billion dollars now one hundred and
sixty billion dollars what's being spent
on who the hell knows I literally think
that nobody in government or the
military knows what it's being spent on
if we need to spend twenty billion
dollars on a wall we should do that
seems like based on Twitter activity
today we could save a hell of a lot of
money by sending thoughts and prayers to
the border to save twenty billion
dollars that way so they love to talk
about defense but for the things that
are actually threatening our country and
our individuals they don't care because
of tiny amounts of donations they get
from the NRA they will take your child
and they will put it on the altar of
American gun worship and they will do
that literally every day if that's what
is necessary so great point by John so
after 9/11 how many countries did we
invade how much how many trillions of
dollars is fair how many thousands of US
soldiers died how many millions of
innocent civilians died because of our
reaction because 3,000 people were
killed and boy we were all in a rage and
we ottoman that's every three months in
America gun violence every three months
you will have as many people that died
on 9/11 will done die from gun gun
violence but there nothing nothing we
won't invade anybody we we won't spend
any money on defense contractors no it
isn't about keeping you safe it's about
who gets paid now when we got hit on
9/11 what happened we blindly attacked
Iraq Afghanistan at least that was the
base for the people who attacked this
Iraq had nothing do with it but the
defense contractors made tons of money
this instability in the Middle East the
oil companies make tons of money were
you safer no then al-qaeda that was not
in Iraq came into Iraq and got larger
then al-qaeda seemed like wimps next to
Isis who then grew out of that confident
are we safer no but the people who bribe
our politicians got richer now in the
case of guns we are infinitely unsafe
everyone is unsafe you can get shot any
minute of the day because the guys
sitting next to you has a gun if he
doesn't have it on him which he probably
does he has it at his house or he has it
in his trunk there
almost one gun per every person not not
just adult for every person in America
that's on average okay and yes they do
two shootings and it terrorizes all of
us and it makes us so much unsafe er
than any of the things they warn about
all that money that they just spent on
defense it was already at six seven
hundred billion dollars they added
another one hundred and ninety billion
on top to keep us safe from what Poland
from Canada whose it who's about to
invade us know the invasion is right
here right now it's in a school in
Florida the terrorism right here it's in
a school in Florida it's a school
Connecticut it's a school in Colorado
it's a school all over the country and
but it doesn't none of the corrupt
politicians get bribed to keep you safe
they get bribed by gun manufacturers to
keep on killing you and your kids so
wherever the money is that's where these
corrupt politicians go so it's not about
keeping you safe that's just the trick
yeah in reality all of us are terrorized
every single day but the politicians
keep getting their money their blood
bunny if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
