literally as the news was breaking in
this story representative Chris Murphy
from my home state who very often has
spoken very I would say in a very
heartfelt manner about the epidemic of
mass shootings and school shootings in
this country was on the the floor house
on an unrelated issue and decided to
talk about this so we'd like to show you
an excerpt of that now turn on your
television right now you're going to see
scenes of children running for their
lives what looks to be the 19th school
shooting in this country and we have not
even hit March I'm coming to the floor
to talk about something else but let me
just note once again for my colleagues
this happens nowhere else other than the
United States of America this epidemic
of mass slaughter this scourge a school
shooting after school shooting it only
happens here not because of coincidence
not because of bad luck but as a
consequence of our inaction we are
responsible
for a level of mass atrocity that
happens in this country with zero
parallel anywhere else as a parent it
scares me to death
that his body doesn't take seriously the
safety of my children and it seems like
a lot of parents in South Florida be
asking that same question later today we
pray for the families for the victims we
hope for the best
and how many how many times have we sat
at this desk and done this story I mean
the names the nouns are different but
it's the same story the numbers are
slightly different but it's the same
story and we've been doing it for years
and obviously you've been doing it for
far longer but like I know a lot of
people think after the lack of response
from Sandy Hook that well that's it for
America we had a good run we're just we
can't be held responsible to take care
of ourselves but I thought maybe there's
some other things that could happen and
then you look at some of the shootings
that happened and we're unimaginable
tragedies and nothing happened after I
mean if if pulse can happen and nothing
happens if the shooting in Vegas at
Mandalay Bay can happen and nothing
happens at that if sure if you can if
someone could go into a church and gun
down people at a church in America and
nothing happens over and over again over
and over many of them but I mean even
once in America if that doesn't trigger
response from America I don't know if I
can come up with something that could at
this point I mean congressmen were shot
at and it did nothing at this point
other than literally the State of the
Union being shot if I can't imagine what
could possibly cause the country to move
an action you can shoot there is nothing
you can imagine no mass shooting no
school shooting no church shooting you
could shoot up an airport you should
have anything you want and America will
not act and we have now tested all of
those cases they're not hypotheticals
anymore we've run through every
iteration of this as a country and we've
failed in every case so the only two
beeps I have with Chris Murphy speech
there was a great speech and I'm glad
someone in Congress cares
as he said it's our fault we have failed
no not we
you should have called them out by their
names Chris Murphy voted the right way
every time on this issue you should say
Orrin Hatch the bloodthirsty senator
from Utah who takes NRA money and has
taken it for decades is responsible he
didn't want gun control and your kids in
Florida are dead named them all go
through the John Cornyn Mitch McConnell
Rand Paul all the people who took blood
money from the NRA and now your kids are
dead because they won't ever ever do gun
control doesn't matter what the
percentages are I keep telling you 93%
of Americans wanted federal background
checks as one example of the smallest
little gun control you could do and all
of those Republicans voted no some
Democrats as well but mainly
overwhelmingly Republicans so oh don't
politicize I already got a tweet say oh
you know they haven't even counted the
bodies how dare you how dare you hey let
me ask you something you total scam
artists phony all of you right-wingers
who cling to your guns because of your
lack of manlihood okay and whatever it
is that drives you to be so afraid so
afraid
oh my god I'm such a pathetic little man
without my gun all of you guys you say
oh don't don't talk now when people are
dying no don't talk now that's that
seems so wrong if it's an act of
terrorism from certain places talk right
away right away and let's go kill all of
them right okay but don't talk now so
then let me ask you something when did
the Republicans talk when did you talk
did you wait two or three days and then
say god damn a list of gun control I
love guns and that's nothing new of my
manlihood jank your that's completely
unfair I love murdering deer in the
woods and you don't get it in one day
seventy-eight years from now I'm gonna
stand up to tyranny and you don't get a
jank so but I am for a reasonable gun
control and I acted I acted and I held
my politicians accountable when they
took blood money from the NRA funded by
gun manufacturers who love this they
there celebrate their high five high
five
now gun manufactures because gun sales
are going to increase after the shooting
as they do after every shooting so did
you hold them accountable two days later
three days later two weeks later two
months later no you never held them
accountable because it's a trick because
you actually don't want to hold anyone
accountable what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
