this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket com following the New Deal
regarding trade with Mexico and with
Canada Donald Trump wanted to brag about
how he's a great negotiator by holding a
press conference at the Rose Garden and
there was one particular female reporter
who wanted to ask him a question her
name is Cecilia Vega
you might be familiar with her work on
ABC News and the way Trump addressed her
was problematic to say the least let's
take a look at that exchange I shouldn't
yell go ahead sure she's shocked that a
picture looks like in a state of shock
I'm not thinking that's okay i know
you're not thinking you never do i'm
sorry no go ahead go ahead
a tweet this weekend mr. president such
a weirdo man so he said you're never
thinking which is ridiculous but the
thing that actually so look that is to
be expected from trump i don't think we
should normalize it but this isn't the
first time he has spoken to a woman in
that way he's referred to women as pigs
in the past he's thought he's bragged
about you know grabbing them by the
genitals without consent
i mean this is this is par for the
course when it comes to trump what
bothered me was the commentary after the
fact now first off the transcript of
this exchange was edited to make it
appear as though Trump said I know
you're not thanking you never do oh what
a stupid lie come on you Magid oods
you really thought he said you're not
thanking you never do what does that
mean she didn't say thank you what that
makes no sense in that context and you
heard it you heard it with your own ears
I know you live in an alternate reality
with alternate facts and so you think
was a thanking maybe I heard thanking
I'm gonna rewind and convince myself it
was thanking no it was
you're never thinking you never do see
because that's the thing people say they
don't say you aren't thinking you never
do it's not a thing people say exactly
so by the way just so you understand
what political correctness cuz
apparently your dear leader loves
political correctness it was when the
Soviets and yes the Nazis would
literally change government documents so
that they were not factually correct but
that they were politically correct they
didn't care what the facts were they
changed them to make them that's the
word the term originates from
politically correct and that's what
Trump does all the time this is now at
least half a dozen times they've changed
the transcript because it was
inconvenient what the dumbass leader
said but but the guys who changed the
transcripts or even dumber it's on tape
we just showed it we can show it again
everybody knows he said what he said
every reporter on the scene was like he
said thinking not thinking but you
doctor the transcript thinking oh
they'll never catch on so the White
House eventually after some backlash did
correct the record and they did change
the transcript to reflect what Trump
actually said so I wanted to make sure I
give you that update but now to the but
can I just say for the Co for the minute
or so that you didn't know that you
Magga guys why don't you go ahead and
admit you were thinking I was thinking
it was thinking of course oops
it was thinking okay so now to the
commentary following the exchange which
actually surprisingly bothered me more
than the exchange because as I already
mentioned this is something that I would
expect from Trump nothing shocks me from
him anymore
but there was a lot of support for
cecilia Vega and there was a lot of
praise for the way she handled it
because as you can see she said excuse
me and then she moved on to her question
and I think look if that's the way she
wanted to handle it that's up to her
good on you do you boo but I hate the
the pressure to never be confrontational
if you're a woman right handle it with
grace no no no how about everybody shut
up
and let her handle it the way that she
sees fit so if she wants to be
aggressive and more confrontational she
should have every right to do so because
she is not the one who provoked any
situation here it was the President of
the United States who thought that it
would be acceptable to accuse a female
journalist of never thinking okay so if
she wanted to be more aggressive then no
one has the right to be angry at her for
that or to criticize her for that
there's only one person who's wrong in
this situation and it was Donald Trump
I'm just tired of the pressure that
women face regarding how they react to
things
be calm be graceful be classy no how
about you shut up and you let her handle
it the way she sees fit
and there's the double Center not just
between men and women but between Trump
and non Trump people so how come we
never asked him to be graceful I mean
he's he's a bully through and through he
doesn't and you could maybe even argue
hey doesn't everybody remember to the
male reporter who was disabled and how
he viciously mocked that reporter
why isn't there ever a standard where he
should be a decent human being for a
second and I of course I agree with Anna
I've had a great range of reactions when
I've been challenged in the past from
calm and sarcasm - not at all calm and
I'm flipping things on him I told this
story in a post game for the members
where if there's some guy who gotta know
fine in a tennis court and he called me
fat which is true enough but he was
about twice my size so I got next to his
gut and I was like you calling me fat
you called me fat in this case of
cecilia Vega came and said did you just
say it I'm never thinking mr. president
I just want to be clear Donald Trump
just claims somebody else is never
thinking that would have been a
perfectly fine reaction she had no
obligation to be graceful ish if I would
have gotten back at him like that and if
she went back at him like that I'm sure
that they would have criticized her and
it's called her biased etc how about his
bias how about his bias against the
entirety of the news calling them fake
news and lie about a day in day out how
about him for no reason at all whether
it had to do
gender or not totally attacking this
reporter out of thin air out of thin air
exactly
I know you were thinking you never do
why why would you say that to someone
cuz you're a terrible person on the go
don't worry we got you covered you can
still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
