earlier this morning NRA retweeted a
tweet from a gun maker encouraging
people to buy their loved ones guns for
Valentine's Day since the shooting they
took it down and have gone silent he has
a screenshot which we now have we can
turn to that's lovely
I want to be celebrating Valentine's Day
later i never thought about giving her a
gun but the nra which for decades and
decades was an organization designed
around gun training and you know that
sort of thing now is just social media
for gun manufacturers to try to make
them a little bit more money on every
single holiday i'm sure that they're
going to have a they'll have a st.
patrick's day ad maybe it'll have
they'll have turkey next to a gun for
thanksgiving they can have an elf posing
with a couple of guns for christmas it's
gonna be delightful they'll make a bunch
of money and the great thing is they'll
make more money tomorrow there are
people going and buying guns right now
because they're so scared of the fact
that everybody has guns it's a wonderful
system they've set up yeah murder a
loved one for valentine's day that's so
cute by the terrorists at the nra and
they've gone silent one of my favorite
tweets today was this political comedy
person on twitter who posted i'd like to
congratulate the NR a--'s nra a social
media manager for their upcoming six-day
weekend yes they're gonna be gone and
you're not gonna hear anything and then
they'll go back to pushing guns and the
only thing you'll ever hear from the
corrupt politicians who are bought by
the nra is this is not the time this is
not know that last shooting wasn't the
time either I know and Columbine wasn't
the time and and Newton mess and Newton
wasn't the time and you name it aimin
there's a billion of them the the mass
shooting in a church in Texas that
wasn't the time the mass shooting in a
club in in Orlando that was kneeling
roof don't want to do it then it's gonna
be today
guess what Republican politicians all in
unison will be screaming not the time
not the time to politicize this no no no
instead where's my money NRA hey
terrorists where my money I'm gonna take
money from these terrorists upon our a
we have another school shooting in on
average 50 hours so between now and the
next shooting in 50 hours where are we
supposed to have that conversation is it
at the 25 hour mark
do I at some point tomorrow afternoon we
can bring it up maybe so look the people
who love guns and it makes them feel
stronger because they're weak and it
they they go oh no no but it's it's my
hobby or whatever it is and it's my
second Amendment right and I wants the
tyranny the tyranny is you guys shooting
us that's the tyranny okay
but the tyranny of the government I'm
going to stand up to them in the woods
and they'll never get me and whatever
the insane crap you believe okay and
then they'll say stupid stuff like well
a car could kill someone and it has
these to run over people that's right
but a car has another purpose to drive
get us from point A to point B even an
axe has a different purpose okay you
could use it to kill someone you also
use it to chop down a tree a gun it's
only point is to kill things you say Wow
look I like that fun I'd like to use my
ak-47 or my ar-15 - Wooper dear in my
local woods because I'm incompetent and
I can't hunt like a real hunter so I
bomb and see whatever the hell happens
hey but it's not about the deer it makes
me feel good so when they sent out these
cutesy Valentine's Day gifts of guns it
isn't so you can drive somewhere it
isn't so you could chop down a tree it's
hey take this just in case you'd like to
kill something how sweet what a lovely
Valentine's Day what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
