so in Minnesota the Republican Party has
decided that they're gonna say take a
bold stance against infiltration of the
Republican Party by Muslims which
Muslims are trying to infiltrate the
Republican Party in Minnesota
okay maybe we'll find out at the end
here because there's one group that
they're concerned about conservative
activists in Minnesota introduced a
resolution last week
to quote minimize and eliminate the
influence of Islam in this state's
Republican Party that Huff Post is
reporting this okay they explain who it
is it's Jeff Bauman a notorious anti
Muslim activists in Minnesota's set of
districts 36 also urged a resolution
that quote no Islamic leader religious
or otherwise shall ever be allowed to
deliver the invocation at any Republican
convention or event because Muslims were
threatening to come over and pray for
Republicans but God forbid I suppose
maybe literally no we don't want your
prayers we know it's a trick okay fine
the resolution further called for
legislation policies and educational
programs to be implemented so as to
evermore minimize and eliminate the
influence of Islam within Minnesota
including Minnesota schools all right
well I this is obviously wildly
unconstitutional in America we're not
supposed to discriminate among the
religions they're supposed to be a
separation of church and state and it
says very very clearly in the United
States Constitution which apparently
Republicans have never read that we
shall not establish a religion and so
when you exclude other religions to the
benefit of Christianity or other
religions and is obviously deeply
unconstitutional but they they don't
love this country they hate this country
they don't believe in freedom of
religion they would like to live in a
theocracy so that's why guys like Jeff
Bauman go and try to discriminate
against other religions now I don't
happen to believe in any other religions
but I'm an American so I believe they
have the freedom to practice that
religion and even pray for me if they
want I'm not sure it's gonna do any good
but they go for it and certainly I don't
need to pass laws that specifically and
only disagreeing against one religion I
think that is preposterous and as
unamerican as it gets
now Baumann continued that there is a
natural tension he said between Islam
and the US Constitution ironic because
apparently Bama has never read the US
Constitution calling the religion a
collective where there is very little
room for Muslims to have independent
thought
he also said Muslim Americans currently
involved in politics are quote dishonest
all of them blanket statements about one
religion I suppose we shouldn't be
surprised at all and the adherence of
that religions and then my favorite is
Muslims they have no independence law
whereas the other religions in this
country particularly evangelio
Christians have a lot of independence
law that is why their leaders tell them
God has selected Donald Trump so you
must bow your head and vote for Donald
Trump and they did 81% of evangelicals
voted for Donald Trump and now when
asked by pollsters if they have changed
their mind they have quotes such as and
we previously reported this on the show
people saying well God chose them so
obviously God can't be wrong now what
was that about very little room for
independent thought okay but I'm sure
it's only the Muslims okay and by the
way if you made this case against all
the religions that I'm right there with
you I've got issues with religious I are
made Gnostic I don't believe in any of
the religions but we could have a debate
about the religions but we cannot
exclude the religious in America that's
not how this country works okay Bauman
claim that Muslims have a fundamentally
different vision for how society and
government should be organized and that
the future of Muslim Americans and
leadership positions would be one of
civil war genocide concentration camps
and other horrible horrible things well
if the rest of it wasn't clear enough he
wants you to understand no no the
Muslims who are about to take over the
Republican Party in Minnesota that's why
you need all these laws and they're
about to take over the whole state that
they're gonna set up concentration camps
for everyone else he says this without a
hint of irony as he tells you
let's remember we should we
should discriminate against them we
should separate them out we should not
give them equal justice we should treat
them differently you see how they are in
favor of discrimination almost
everything with Republicans and
conservatives these days is projection
okay and the past Bauman has spoken
against building mosques in Minnesota
describing it as treason and aiding the
enemy
okay unsurprising now it's not just
Palin it is other Republicans in
Minnesota as well by the way they
reached out to the whole Republican
Party in Minnesota they yet to comment
they're still thinking about it
Muslims are they going to do
concentration camps or not I'm not quite
sure
should they be banned completely in
there Moss raided mmm still debating it
but here's some other Republicans from
Minnesota
Jeff Johnson a leading Republican
candidate for Minnesota governor
defended the GOP lawmakers and a
conservative podcast earlier this month
he said there is some here who are
trying to change what America is he said
and we can't allow that God and it's so
ironic now we want to make sure that we
establish the religion of America and
would discriminate against one religion
in particular can you believe they want
to change America they're the worst
okay so but they're not alone if you
remember Michele Bachmann recently spoke
out against Muslims as well she's also a
Republican from Minnesota now there was
a case recently in Minnesota where a mom
who's a yoga structure who was shot by a
cop and now you'd think why would
Michele Bachmann speak out against that
she normally protects all the cops
who've shut on shot unarmed people well
in this case the person who was shot was
a white woman and a completed the
shooting was Somali and hence Muslim and
black so now all of a sudden she hates
the cops depending and of course what
race they are and what religion they're
so here's what she had to say at the
time look at Saturday night look what
happened Saturday night in this state we
had a man Muhammad nor who was an
affirmative action hire by the hijab
wearing mayor of Minneapolis Betsy
Hodges we don't know exactly what
happened we don't know
all we know is that a beautiful
40 year old Australian woman thought she
heard a sexual assault ongoing in the
alley behind her home at Washburn and
51st Street in Minneapolis so she called
9-1-1 Mohammed more we know unholstered
himself pulled out his gun violating
protocol reached across the chest of his
partner riding in the car and shot the
woman through the window in her abdomen
killing her I'm not I'm not condemning
this police officer because I don't know
but I do know in that culture the women
are covered from head to hoe it head to
toe and a woman in her pajamas standing
out in the alleyway we don't know again
why it happened but what I'm wondering
is this will the question that the BCA
is conducting will they ask cultural
questions god there's fear so important
man there was a thousand things she said
in there that were outrageous we've
covered it in the past so just I'll
mention one thing there you know in
their culture they have the woman have
to be covered head to hoe I mean head to
toe and she was in her pajamas she's
implying that the cop shot that woman
because he was offended that she did
wasn't wearing a hijab what percentage
of people in Minnesota wear a hijab do
you think that cop was shooting every
woman who wasn't wearing a job are you
nuts
are you insane and they answer to that
is of course she is of course she is
so all right one more about the
remoteness here and then I got a message
for a Muslim America's so how post says
his resolution Bauman's comes at a
moment of acute prejudice against
Muslims in the North Star State recently
two Republican state lawmakers and a
local GOP official in Minnesota came
under fire for reportedly sharing a
Facebook post that accuse Muslims of
preparing a quote infiltrate the party's
caucuses after a group of Muslims had
attended a caucus training session held
at a local mosque is it a giant surprise
that Republicans particularly in the
state of Minnesota apparently and it's
not just one person it is
now we've talked about six different
people on this story all Minnesota
Republicans are against muscle it's not
that surprising but look the and it's
terrible and if they said it about any
other religion everybody be going crazy
right now almost no one has heard of
this story so if they had said ah man
the Jews the problem is the Jews they're
gonna set up concentration camps and and
we need to raid their temples and and
make sure that no Jews have ever allowed
to give a prayer it said I mean people
would be outraged and rightfully so I
mean your hair should be on fire when
you hear stuff like that but now in
America unfortunate we've gotten used to
it when it's about Muslims there you go
okay yeah those people despise Muslims
and I guess that's okay it isn't okay
but if you're a Muslim American my main
message to you is you're gonna vote
Republican any of you have you lost your
mind
look at what they think of you they
loathe you I remember growing up I grew
up in a in a Muslim family we were
secular so you know we been never really
went to mosque and and eventually I
became agnostic and sort of my dad and
etc etc and my sister and everybody else
to know hey wait but we knew Muslims
right and they were split they were
split fifty percent Republican fifty
percent Democrat roughly it's obviously
anecdotal but you know but that was our
sense of it now unless you're a Muslim
billionaire and you think hey look man
maybe one day they lock me up and I know
that they don't they don't want me to
have equal rights but I am gonna get a
giant tax cut you know at least I
understand it but if you're not a
billionaire and you're a Muslim American
you're voting Republican you're insane
they hate you they can't stand you and
they can't wait to pass laws that
discriminate against you buyer beware
that's all I'm saying what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get it completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks
yt network.com slash joint
