the New York Times has done an
investigation into numerous documents
and conducted interviews to get a better
sense of how Donald Trump became as
wealthy as he is and through their
investigation they were able to find
that first off Trump is not a self-made
millionaire something that we all
suspected anyway but more importantly he
likely engaged in fraud in order to save
millions hundreds of millions of dollars
in taxes as he inherited his father's
wealth so let me give you the details
The Times investigation again based on a
vast trove of confidential tax returns
and financial records reveals that Trump
received the equivalent today of at
least four hundred thirteen million
dollars from his father's real estate
empire starting when he was a toddler
and continuing to this day so they
continue to write the reporters continue
to write that he and his siblings set up
a sham corporation to disguise millions
of dollars in gifts from their parents
records and interviews show records
indicate that Trump helped his father
take improper tax deductions worth
millions more he also helped formulate a
strategy to undervalue his parents real
estate holdings by hundreds of millions
of dollars on tax returns sharply
reducing the tax bill when those
properties were transferred to him and
his siblings so I have more details in
just a moment but jank jumping so first
of all I'd like to apologize cuz I got
this story wrong I said from day one
that he did not just take a walk just a
1 million dollar loan from his dad I
said that he very likely got part or
maybe the entirety of the inheritance
and got anywhere between 40 to 200
million dollars from his dad turns out I
was wrong he got way more than that
he got 413 million dollars at least that
the New York Times could track from his
father in both legal and apparently
illegal ways and and some of which we
already knew and others that we did not
so but I like the New York Times gave
credit to wonderful journalists who have
been covering Trump
all along they said the newer times was
far too credulous about Trump along with
the other media but great reporters like
Wayne Barrett and David Cay Johnston
were not and they would show different
things that he had done wrong first of
all that so-called small loan of a
million dollars you guys remember when
he had a small loan of a million dollars
from your daddy
right yeah so no it was not a million
dollars it was 14 million dollars okay
and he said I returned it with interest
not remotely true another time then this
they got caught on and had to pay a fine
his dad bought three and a half million
dollars of chips from one of us
Trump's casinos to bail him out that's
illegal
he just took him home he never gambled
that's basically just giving someone
three and a half million dollars now you
know that if you give someone a gift
over $10,000 you have to report it to
the IRS and pay taxes on it they didn't
because they broke the law over and over
again and by the way why do they just
pay a small fine Wow they should have
both gone to jail over that you would
have gone to jail over that but they're
connected so they didn't so Fred Trump
got away with a Donald Trump got away
with it that some of that we already
knew but I did not know the scale of it
413 million dollars he got from his
daddy
from his daddy right age of three on he
was just shoveled money time after time
after time it got so bad by the end
before his dad died his dad started to
worried that Donald Trump was trying to
change the will and take his siblings
money to to sink it into his failing
businesses as usual okay so let's stop
right there because that's what I want
to talk about a little bit remember he
went bankrupt six times he went bankrupt
six times he inherited at least four
hundred thirteen million dollars from
his father I mean if he literally did
nothing he just took that money and put
it in a certificate of deposit account
he would make money off he would make a
lot of money off of it even with a low
interest rate give me a hundred thousand
dollars okay get anything anything and
I'll make more money off of that how the
hell did you go bankrupt that many times
no this is why I told you guys he
couldn't manage his way out of a paper
bag
he's one of the most incompetent
businessmen in the history of America
there's it to be fair to him the only
thing he's good at is lying and they
call that marketing know you could be do
marketing and be truthful no he's a
pathological liar and he was aided and
abetted by a lot of the press because
they would just report whatever he said
as true they never bothered to
investigate other than those journalists
who were heroes that I mentioned earlier
so he's a buffoon if he put the four
hundred thirteen million dollars into an
index fund that just went along with the
stock market now it would be worth way
more than he has way more but instead he
he's a serial buglar and he bundled away
all the money over and over again and
look this story's incredibly long but
there are countless times where his dad
has to come back in and it's yeah and by
the way his dad bad guy in a lot of
other ways and some of his business
practices were questionable
they clearly did tax fraud according to
this so that's illegal it's said I'm not
trying to you know tell you a rosy story
about his dad but his dad was smart
hard-working like he had a work ethic
that we have certainly not experienced
with his son and yeah I mean of course
he had a lot of downsides but he worked
hard and he was concerned that Trump was
going to squander the wealth which in a
lot of ways he did and look to their
charges about different races rallies
that Fred Trump was that I'm not trying
to paint him in a positive light I'm
just telling you when you read the story
the guy was a businessman and he worked
hard and and he built that money yes by
hook or by crook he did but he was at
least competent meanwhile his son what a
loser and his dad had to constantly like
oh my god I know I gotta bail him out
again and again and again but the part
that really got under my skin because I
love my dad and I give him credit all
the time is Trump in the press kept
saying oh my dad wasn't worth that much
he was just in the outer boroughs I'm
the real successful businessman I built
in Manhattan
it turns out he had been minimizing how
much money his dad had made for two
reasons and it turns out his dad
actually had a billion dollars didn't
didn't have 200 million he had a billion
okay
one he wanted to say I'm the billionaire
I'm the one who became the billionaire
not my dad oh you're such a terrible guy
man anyone who's had a dad who's been
decent to them knows what a scumbag this
Donald Trump guy is okay and the second
reason is because they didn't want to
say how much money he had because they
were gonna evade taxes exactly so let's
get to that because I think the details
and the findings here are important and
I want you to be aware of as many of
them as possible
so first let's talk about the whole real
estate inheriting the real estate and
then skirting taxes on on that
inheritance well you pay taxes on the
real estate or the property based on its
value and so evidence shows based on the
documents that the reporters reviewed
here that trumpet his siblings purposely
undervalued severely undervalued those
properties in order to save hundreds of
millions of dollars in taxes also Fred
and Mary Trump transferred well over 1
billion dollars in wealth to their
children which could have produced a tax
bill of at least 550 million under the
55 percent tax rate been imposed on
gifts and inheritances but what did they
actually pay in taxes based on the fraud
that they engaged in well the Trump's
paid a total of 52 point two million
dollars or about five percent tax
records show so when they should have
paid fifty five percent they only paid
five percent and part of that was lying
about the value of the properties so
understand what that means that's theft
from you and me from all american
taxpayers because other people pay those
taxes you pay your taxes if you don't
pay your taxes you go to prison all
right so they were supposed to pay five
hundred fifty million in taxes they paid
50 that means they skirted on five
hundred million dollars in taxes go
ahead try to skirt on what fifty
thousand dollars you're going to prison
go ask Wesley Snipes if you go to prison
for evading taxes these guys evaded
taxes to the tune of five hundred
million dollars it's when they got away
with it it's worse than not though okay
look I
that there is an ideological divide when
it comes to estate taxes okay I happen
to fall on the side of hey after a
certain amount of money that you get
from your parents after they pass away
you should pay taxes on it and it's not
being double taxed because it's new
income for you you didn't earn that
money it's money that your parents
earned but it's worse when it comes to
what the Trump's did because the trumps
didn't just create their wealth out of
thin air like again Fred Trump did work
hard but he also received a lot of money
in government subsidies for affordable
housing right and so taxpayers
essentially helped him build his wealth
and he didn't want to pay the taxpayers
back after he passed so let me give you
the details on that in the late 1940s
Fred Trump obtained roughly twenty six
million dollars in federal loans to
build two of his largest developments
Beach Haven apartments near Coney Island
Brooklyn and Shore Haven apartments a
few miles away
so again that's just one case where he
received twenty six million dollars in
government subsidies in order to develop
these properties and by the way he
profited from that so if you're
conservative and you say oh man I just
want the government to leave me alone
that's his money man he should be able
to do whatever he wants but wait a
minute then give me my twenty six
million dollars back ok well the
American taxpayer helped the Trump's
build their fortune and in return they
spit in our face while you pay their
taxes they didn't it's not only immoral
because we're supposed to be a community
and you how much money do you have to
pay in taxes and it's hard for you
because you live on a certain income
right they had all the money in the
world they just chose not to pay their
taxes and he funneled it to his loser
son because his loser son couldn't stand
on his own two feet and then they have
the temerity to talk about bootstraps
you'd have any different revenue streams
that Fred Trump set up for Donald Trump
295 because Trump Donald Trump couldn't
do anything on his own
it sounds like okay another one and
another one and another one motivate
taxes and because Trump kept losing the
money like the idiot that he is okay I
just got to tell you this because it was
amazing by h3 mr. Trump was earning
a year in today's dollars from his
father's Empire they started funneling
money to him right away he's born on
third base thought he had a triple did
you get two hundred thousand dollars a
year when you were three by the time he
was eight he was already a millionaire
he says he's a self-made man
pathetic by the time he was 17 his
father had given him part ownership in a
52 you know apartment building
soon after college he started receiving
the equivalent of a million dollars a
year from his father the money increased
the more than five million dollars
annually in his 40s and 50s in his 40s
and 50s when he's a grown-ass man Donald
Trump has always been a loser who relied
on his daddy and it turns out they broke
every law they needed to break in the
meanwhile to hurt the American taxpayers
that's who Donald Trump is the TYT Plus
app is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
dot-com / app
