so Donald Trump said during the campaign
that he was going to devote a lot of
money to infrastructure well that
sounded like a really positive thing and
and I told you during the campaign that
he had a lot of positions that were
actually progressive and populist he
wanted to end the trans-pacific
partnership he talked about ending
loopholes for the hedge funds and and he
wanted to go after the bankers and he
said he would protect Social Security
and Medicare now I told you that almost
all those relies and it turns out yeah
he kept a loophole for the hedge funds
that his tax bill doesn't care cuz I
knew the whole time he just proposed the
budget where they're going to cut
Medicare by hundreds of billions of
dollars why because there's no money
left because they gave so much in tax
cuts to the rich TPP he did actually
stop the negotiations but he just went
to Davos with the globalist and said I
don't know we'll make that deal better
and get back in well how about
infrastructure he'd promised
infrastructure well there is 200 billion
dollars in his budget for infrastructure
but overall spending is 1.7 billion
well I'm sorry 1.3 trillion I should say
so where's the rest of the money coming
from from private corporations ok is
that a good thing well let's find out we
go to first of all what the White House
says tolling restrictions they explain
foreclose what might otherwise serve as
a major source of revenue for
infrastructure investment providing
states flexibility to toll existing
interstates would generate additional
revenues for states to invest in surface
transportation infrastructure so let me
translate that for you we're gonna build
tolls everywhere for a long time in
America the great majority of the
national highway system and the
interstate highway system was toll free
well Donald Trump would like to end that
so the he's saying well private
corporations are gonna put money in and
then they're gonna want to maximize
profit so not only will they get their
money back
but they'll get some money on top of
that so at the end of the day who's
gonna pay for the roads you are now look
you put taxes in we build them at a
reasonable rate and it helps everyone it
helps you to get from point A to point B
it helps businesses when Eisenhower
helped to build the interstate highways
it helped business boom and we did that
through taxes and it still made sense
and it still created a bigger larger
more successful economy it lifted all
boats now we're not gonna do that we're
gonna privatize all the roads and then
you are gonna be paying tolls forever
this is actually deeply unpopular even
among conservatives I'm gonna explain
that in a second
but of course that means it's bipartisan
if there is something that is for
corporate interests only and against all
the citizens then both parties agree to
it so whenever you see on TV that
there's no bipartisan agreement that is
not true they often agree on things that
would rob us in this case Obama agreed
to this to Barack Obama's administration
for example repeatedly proposed lifting
current prohibitions on States placing
tolls on existing highway lanes
proponents of the move argued that it
would create new sources of badly needed
revenue one that could find more support
in Congress than an increase in federal
gas tax
so as usual Obama didn't plan to do it
at the scale the Trump is planning but
he saw ya privatize the roads bring in
tolls Congress will then agree why will
Congress agree because they're owned by
the donors Democrats agreed the
Republicans agree the only people who
don't agree are the citizens now let me
show you how deeply unpopular it is not
just among progressives but again among
conservatives so we go to the deep red
state of Texas and a statewide push to
privatize highways in Texas suffered a
backlash from angry commuters who
complain about exorbitant late fees and
costly toll bills in December the
state's transportation officials voted
against construct constructing new toll
roads after opposition from Governor
Greg Abbott and lieutenant governor Dan
Patrick those guys are very very
conservative so they're like ok donors
you give us money all right I will make
all the citizens
in it by the way in essence the
different form of tax right but you pay
forever will make them pay tolls forever
out of the highways there is that
conservative like that either like no I
don't want to do that that's terrible
and it's a pain in the ass to not only
are you paying it's a regressive tax so
it's a tiny tiny fraction of the income
of the rich but it's a bigger fraction
of the income of the middle class and
the poor but on top of that you got to
stop at the tolls or you got to get the
thing in your car that lets you go
through the tolls but God forbid you let
it lapse or you didn't get it in the
first place where you went in the wrong
lane and then you've got fines and
tickets and it all adds up those are all
a way of taxing you the middle class and
the poor and like I said it's a fraction
of the income of the rich so it's a way
of redistributing the wealth to the top
and taking it from you and it turns out
that was a bridge too far and a road too
far apparently for even Republicans in
Texas they're like yeah this one I get
okay no I vote no and then all of a
sudden Abbot and Patrick are like you're
an outrage we're against holes does it
matter
it's now coming to the national level to
the tune of trillions of dollars
hopefully we will stop it but if we
don't get ready to pay no matter where
you drive for the rest of your life if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
