recently of course it was the Rob Porter
scandal in the white house there's a
very important staffer who it turns out
was alleged to have beaten a couple of
his wives and then a third person as
well who was seeking advice from the
wives on how to get the abuse to stop
and and Donald Trump of course defended
him now he has resigned and he's no
longer at the White House but when
Donald Trump was asked about it he said
that he wishes him a wonderful career
and said that he he felt bad for him but
he did not talk about the victims at all
and he said there was no talk of feeling
bad for them he just felt bad that the
person who was accused of all this
violence and domestic abuse had to
suffer through the allegations and then
he tweeted out people's lives are being
shattered and destroyed by a mere
allegation some are true and some are
false some are old and some are new
there's no recover for someone falsely
accused life and career are gone is
there no such thing any longer as due
process well that's a good question
so I'd like to ask Donald Trump the same
question because if you don't know this
story you should it's an amazing one
back in the late 1980s there was this
woman who was raped in Central Park and
it was a giant news story in New York
and five young african-american men were
accused of raping her now at the time
they had not had due process and no one
knew for sure that that day had done it
now later we found out they had not done
it but Donald Trump at the time was not
interested in due process he's as media
explains use of Selam and Raymond
Santana were wrongfully convicted of
raping and assaulting a jogger back in
the 90s Trump not only called for their
executions with a full-page Neuer times
ad but he still believes the two men are
guilty despite both of them being
exonerated by DNA evidence we have the
actual rapist we have his DNA he's been
convicted we know who the actual guy
look before I go to the videos actually
of the of the two guys now and they were
on CNN last night I want to show you
what Donald Trump did back then so they
this is 1989 and then it stretches into
the 1990s as the their case goes forward
but he took out an ad ad in actually
four different papers and Cooling the
New York Daily News he spent eighty five
thousand dollars on the ads and and also
put a full-page ad in the New York Times
and here's here's that ad it said bring
back the death penalty bring back our
police this is before they were
convicted is it before anybody had any
idea if it was true or untrue as it
turns out they were wrongfully convicted
but he didn't even wait for the
conviction to process he called for
their execution gee I wonder what's the
difference between those younger black
guys and his own staffer I can't quite
tell he said in that advertisement they
should be forced to suffer and when they
kill they should be executed for their
crimes I want to hate these murderers
and I always will I no longer want to
understand their anger I want them to be
afraid to process Donald Trump due
process when I show you his tweet after
they were exonerated but first let me go
to use of Salam he was on with Anderson
Cooper he was one of the ones who were
wrongfully accused wrongfully convicted
and now a free man
and what we're seeing is clearly that
there are two separate Americas one
America for blacks and people of color
and another America for whites of people
of affluence you know I mentioned the
fact that with what he's doing for the
good old boys club you know in his own
effluence that he's saying hey look
let's not rush the judge you know the
guy said that he's innocent of these
kinds these these particular charges as
a matter of fact he strongly said it we
strongly said the same thing back in
1989 we strongly said that we weren't
the ones who did this crime in their
rush to judgment at the behest I want to
say of a person like Donald Trump taking
out those ads early on the whole city
the the jury pool was muddied and so
they looked at what was going on and
said when these guys have to be guilty
of something look at due process what a
joke Donald try
here's Raymond Santana at the end of
they raised us play a part in this right
because Henry was black and Latino boys
were 15 if 14 to 15 years old and he
didn't mind giving it the death penalty
now you know here you also have women
who he's speaking out against you know
with the sexual assault stuff and and I
mean at the end of the day this is his
character exactly right so when we find
out that they didn't do it we get the
guy who did do it DNA matched conviction
the whole thing there's no question
about it at all did Donald Trump
apologize of course not
instead he sent this tweet at the time
he said tell me what were they doing in
the park playing checkers Wow
in other words they must have been
guilty of something who cares that they
were guilty of the rape or the murder or
anything let's what keep them in jail
anyway if you'd gotten your way they
would have already been dead you would
have already executed them due process
now he's got the nerve to talk about due
process look for conservatives like
Donald Trump rule of law doesn't mean
equal justice it means I get to rule
over you so if it's me and my allies
we're above the law and the law doesn't
have to apply to us and we get every
protection if it's you I get the lord
over you and I get to use the law to
keep you down that's what they mean by
rule of law Donald Trump is the world's
biggest hypocrite and you know why he
viewed those young black men different
than he viewed his own staffer it is
obvious he's a despicable guy you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
