there's an interesting election going on
in Wisconsin Tammy Baldwin is a current
senator there and she's being challenged
by Republican Kevin Nicholson and he's
giving her a run for the money and I'll
tell you why at the end but something
curious happen in the race just months
after Republican Kevin Nicholson
announced his bid to run against
incumbent senator Tammy Baldwin in 2018
Nichols's own parents donated the legal
maximum to Baldwin's primary campaign
damn that hurts
shots fired man
if you can't get your own parents to be
on your side oh okay not only did they
donate to his opponent not to forget
voting for his opponent they donated to
her to his opponent and then they gave
the backs nicholson's parents Donna and
Michael reportedly donated $2,700 to
Baldwin in December of 2017 when
presumably nobody knows Kevin Nicholson
better than his parents and they're like
you don't want him as a senator I don't
want him as a senator I think if the Mac
side can do his opponent oh wow oh
that's cold man that's super cold
Nicholson says my parents have a
different world view than I do it's not
surprising that they would support a
candidate like Tammy Baldwin who shares
their perspective look you know it's
it's certainly possible of course even
if it's your own son if you don't agree
with his policies you can vote for the
other person bodis one thing maxing out
donations to your opponent is another
thing man if my son grew up to be a
right-wing douche and I couldn't stand
him so much I had to give the max to his
opponent in a race oh that would be
heartbreaking and I I wouldn't do that I
feel like under penalty of law man you
really really got to be worried about
your own kid if you're doing that and
him giving that much to his opponent to
make sure he doesn't get anywhere near
the Senate Wow
now ball was gonna need all the help she
can get you know why is our system is
saying it is totally corrupted it's a
total open auction get a load of this
the election is months away it's at
November 1 February by early January 9
groups had spent more than four point
seven million dollars on ads that attack
Baldwin or boost one of their
Republicans vying to oppose her
according to her campaign they've
already spent four point seven million
dollars in ads against Baldwin who are
they no one knows it's rich people who
decided they would rather have a
Republican who cuts their taxes and
gives them all the tax breaks hoody
regulates their businesses and we've got
an open auction so they're like I don't
care I don't care who this Republicans
what he's for who supports them who's
against them what his character is I
want the tax cuts Lebowski so they don't
care Tammy Baldwin you voted for two
against tax cuts for the rich you you
want to do anything to help the actual
citizens and not the donors you got to
go so they're hammering her with ads
does this look like a democracy to you
it's a freaking auction man you allow
private financing you get people working
for private interests it's gross wolf
dash pack.com get all the money out wolf
dash pack.com /join go to your own state
volunteer work hard wolf dash pack.com
slash states find your state go
volunteer donate do whatever you got to
do because our warriors have to beat
these mercenaries it's a funny little
story about a guy whose parents
apparently are very worried about him
having any degree of power but the
overall story is not funny at all
because right now there's right-wingers
trying to buy that seat and in our
system because we've legalized bribery
they can you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
