well recently President Obama had his
portrait revealed and it was
accomplished african-american artist who
did it so I was waiting for when the
Conservatives was strike because the
immediate reaction to it was generally
very very positive not from the
right-wing of course but from everyone
else now I don't have much of an opinion
on it let's show you the portrait and
and some people joked around that it was
Obama between two ferns but it's
artistic I don't know or understand much
about our God bless okay I so I have
actually no opinion on it whatsoever but
Hannity and Alex Jones do not agree they
have a very strong opinion now buckle up
brace for impact for what it is Sean
Hannity's web site had this headline
portrait perversion Obama portrait
features secrets sperm Plus artist joked
about killing weddings okay now we're go
to the heart of the article I'm not
kidding that was a real article on Sean
Hannity's website okay it says the
widening scandal what scandal and how
has it widened anyway the widening
scandals surrounding former President
Barack Obama's official portrait
continued to swirl if you will on
Tuesday with shocking allegations the
artists included secret sperm cells
within the painting what are we gonna do
man one side of this country has lost
this effing mind so okay alright so
what's their evidence here and let's
show you well I've got to retract my
skepticism well there it is no I don't
see it either I don't know okay like so
let's say that you see this thing on his
forehead right how do you conclude its
sperm unless you guys spur him on the
mind like how did that even jump into
your head man these guys are a bunch of
unbelievable weirdos so every once in a
while we joke around about how the
smallest Donald Trump scandal would have
been the
gorgeous that Obama's eight years in
office they're still inventing non
scandals to coal scandals about Obama
did this there haha whose poor jurors
burger ok mediate explains while the
conspiracy theorists accused the painter
of being quote obsessed with sperm Jose
appears to be quite the semen expert
himself now Oh we'll go to Alex Jones
okay so hold on and come back for me so
I'm not positive because this is all
breaking right now whether Alex Jones
started or Sean Hannity started I think
based on the timeline are saw that
Hannity started but what difference
doesn't mean like in the old days Alex
Jones would start the lunacy and then it
would go drunk jump to some of the
conservative websites bright parts
whatever daily wired daily caller daily
anything right and then and then it
wouldn't jump to Fox News now Sean
Hannity's kind of short-circuited all
that he's like what is the most insane
thing that's going on with Donald Trump
well I'm in alright so so now Alex Jose
also jumps in on the fun that's when we
go to mediate they say well the
conspiracy theorist accused the painter
of being quote obsessed with sperm Alex
Jose appears to be quite the semen
expert himself as he made sure to inform
listeners the bit of alleged sperm in
question is actually a GMO sperm that is
fully formed as opposed to the other
kinds of sperm viewers may be aware of
okay I have to confess I don't know what
GMO sperm is do I wish to know and I'm
not sure I know the difference between a
fully formed sperm and non fully formed
sperm and how that relates back to the
GMOs but I do know that Alex Jose
apparently does fancy himself quite the
expert on semen what is it with the
right-wingers and their obsession with
semen
you remember we had pastor Manning on
here the conservative pastor who aided
Barack Obama and he claimed
well of course seem is delicious why do
you think Starbucks is putting it in the
coffee
okay I know I know your guests gay
rights anyway you say Alex Jones now
this is quoting Infowars and Alex Jones
you say but it doesn't make sense so
I'll do it in Alex's voice it's so
degenerate it's a road but it's a
religion of degeneracy I'm already tired
okay it's what globalism is he continues
to explain its what Satanism is so there
you go President Obama covered his sperm
in the new national portrait and it's
all part of the joke in your face
because they don't want upright strength
they don't want to have everything I'm
sorry they want to have everything be a
ritual of abomination I lose track
sometimes with Alex you know because
either things are an abomination or not
the sperm is on his face no the sperm is
on your face by the way why would a
really liberal african-american artist
which is what they charge him with being
want to put sperm on Barack Obama's face
if you did a portion of Donald Trump and
hand it all over okay I at least get the
motivation hey they're all saved us blow
us how can you listen to these guys with
a straight face
come on no all right so Hannity
realizing this isn't playing well put
out a statement saying earlier today my
web staff posted content was not
reviewed by me before publication it
does not reflect my voice and message
and therefore I had it taken down in
other words that is my staffer right
there underneath the bus that I've
thrown him under okay fine but that does
not explain the next blog post they had
which was about George Washington's
portrait so let me show you that they
claim that he's got sperm all over his
head all right fine they don't but if
you think that's not next you're not
paying attention what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
