the state of New York has filed a civil
rights lawsuit against Harvey Weinstein
and the weinstein company this what
happened as the weinstein company was
expecting a sale to the tune of tens of
millions of dollars but what's
interesting about this civil rights suit
is that we now have even more gruesome
details regarding the allegations
against Harvey Weinstein and notably his
staff who according to this suit enabled
him and allowed this predatory behavior
to continue now the suit was filed by
New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman in New York County Supreme
Court late Sunday and it alleges
violations of the state's Human Rights
civil rights and business laws I'm gonna
go through some of the allegations that
are noted in this suit there of course
not all of the allegations but in my
opinion some of the more notable ones
some of which we haven't heard of before
now according to the suit Weinstein
regularly berated women using
gender-based obscenities calling female
employees all sorts of expletives that
you can see on the screen there instead
of using their first names when he was
angry he also allegedly threatened the
lives of his employees saying quote I
will kill your family and quote you
don't know what I can do
he apparently also bragged about his
political connections and how he had
friends in the Secret Service and that
how they can basically take care of him
on any issue I want to pause there Anna
for two reasons one is on the first
quote about calling people an expletive
is is one thing and it was in the
context of the work environment bad
enough but to use it as their name to
use the c-word as the name of the women
who work for them I said it chill down
my spine I mean I mean it's just new
layers of the monstrous behavior every
day yeah and it gets worse okay give me
away worse than a second but on the
allegations or of him saying I'll have
you killed or your family killed
they say that's preposterous that's over
the top it's not a movie producer is not
gonna have you killed but remember this
context Weinstein would get things done
that didn't seem possible
he would have movies win Oscars that are
no business winning Oscars he would
manipulate and and and change the
dynamics of Hollywood over and over
people saw it if he said you were gonna
get a role you'd get a role if he said
you weren't gonna get a role your career
was over so in that context that you
know those threats become a little bit
more credible right and remember Ronan
Farrow had also published this
incredible piece about how Weinstein
would do opera research on the women
that he had already victimized in a way
to intimidate them so they wouldn't come
forward with the accusations and also if
they did come forward it was a way of
slandering them to the point where no
one would take them seriously so you
know if someone like that said to me I'm
going to kill you and your family yeah I
would be terrified and a lot of his
employees were now the suit also alleges
that the management and board at the
company were repeatedly presented with
credible evidence of Weinstein sexual
harassment and his use of corporate
employees and resources to facilitate
sexual activity now the reason why
that's mentioned in the suit is because
part of his company is also dealing with
this because they feel that the suit
alleges that they did not do enough to
protect these employees that they
essentially enabled this type of
predatory behavior also Weinstein
berated a female employee in 2012
threatening to quote cut her loins I
mean these threats are terrifying
let's go to the next one the company
employed one group of female employees
whose primary job it was to go with
Weinstein to events and facilitate his
sexual conquests they were called
Weinstein's winged women by the way so
there were apparently three groups of
female employees that he had all three
of which were given the job of
facilitating predatory behavior
according to this suit by the way the
second group of women were compelled to
take various steps to further
Weinstein's regular sexual activity
including by contacting friends of
Harvey and other prospective sexual
partners now this members of
at various times allegedly had to handle
Weinstein's erectile disfunction shots
and even administered the injections
others had to prepare rooms in his
office for sexual activity and clean up
after it was over oh I don't know which
part of that is worse all of it all the
third predominantly female group had to
facilitate Weinstein sexual activity by
meeting with prospective sexual
conquests and then following through on
the employment opportunities promised by
Weinstein after because remember one way
that he would lure women into his hotel
rooms or on dates with him was by
promising to further their careers so
and by the way also to crush their
careers if they didn't abide by it so
first of all on the cutter loins comment
remember this is a guy who's accused of
physical assault and rape sometimes he'd
just barge into a room even when the
woman was trying to close the door and
then rape the woman involved and there's
over fifty allegations of different
kinds of sexual harassment and assault
all the way up to rape and so if he
threatened to do physical violence
against you sometimes that threat was
carried out and then in terms of the
woman who worked for him one you should
not make blanket assumptions about
anyone network of those companies
because you don't know if they were
involved in this or not and number two
keep in mind that he also threatened
everyone else who worked there so you
don't know how he threatened these women
to to get to be the quote-unquote wing
woman and it wasn't just woman drivers
were always told to keep condoms
whenever Harvey came in to Los Angeles
or New York and also keep the erectile
disfunction shots available in the car
if he needed them and so unsurprising
that he is acted out in these ways due
to some insecurities likely and I mean
anyway so I just just when you think
Harvey when I see can't get any worse
the idea that he would assign women the
job of giving them the wrecked-tile
dysfunction shot before he went to
rass or assault women then he would have
other women decide to either further or
kill the careers of the woman who
wouldn't sleep with him and then finally
the cleanup roll
oh Jesus heartbreaking man yeah he saw
all of these people as disposable as you
know his playthings
you know women were there for his
pleasure and his pleasure only I mean he
is as disgusting as can be and you know
his lawyer did release a statement in
regard to this lawsuit saying that while
some of his behavior was uncalled for he
denies the accusations that have been
listed in this suit and by the way this
is not a random person trying to get
rich this is the New York Attorney
General he's a very serious guy
and he's following up on what is some of
the worst human rights abuses that I've
ever heard of at a company as well as
should that's his job I don't know what
the statute of limitations on some of
these crimes alleged crimes are but I
hope to god somebody's looking into that
because if he hasn't run out of the
statute of limitations there's plenty of
apparent criminal activity here to
pursue as well what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it and you get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
