bipolar Colbert writes in who gets into
a fight after ub40 concert for real
that's like getting into a fight after a
Grateful Dead concert Kavanagh is a
weirdly angry drunk guy it's true manly
man the Grateful Dead got me all worked
up let's go fight no you haven't
of course not don't be ridiculous
concerts are so awkward anyways I went
to a Pink Floyd like cover band show
once and there were I'm not kidding you
like retired gentleman in the aisles on
something just dancing and it was great
look bless their hearts if they're into
it and they're something then go forward
Jordan Joe 15 writes in Trump is holding
a rally in my hometown of Rochester
Minnesota this Thursday I'm sorry okay
he says please send us your thoughts and
prayers and he says just kidding we'll
all be out protesting because action
leads to changing not thoughts and
prayers okay well you never know you
might see TYT there are they there was a
sign that one of the protesters held
that the one amma just went to saying
warning watch out for the media like CBS
New York Times and Young Turks okay I'm
indeed last one here this is fun Baker
brigade says I like TYT I still likes
uit I watched uit it's legal I like to
you i T we like to ID my friends and I
know okay look this this video I was
trying to find a way to like put it into
one of the stories we have prepared okay
but it's not gonna make it so since he
referenced it can we please show this
video yeah BuzzFeed did this mash-up of
all the different times Brett Kavanaugh
mentioned beer in the hearing and this
is video 8 for the director and it's
just wonderful I love it let's take a
look I drank beer with my friends we
drank beer my friends and I sometimes I
had too many beers yes we drank beer
I liked beer still liked beer we drank
beer and then heave out we drank beer
and
and still do I think you've probably
dead beer Center I liked beer I still
liked beer the calendars show a few
Weeke Day gatherings at friends houses
after a workout or just to meet up and
have some beers you ever played quarters
none of those repeats I always find it
interesting how often he repeats the
same word in one sentence or in one
statement and and by the way like he did
that when he was making a statement once
about his friends and I'm like that
doesn't sound it just doesn't flow like
do better yeah yeah no and I gotta give
credit to Matt Damon in that SNL opening
man that was devastatingly funny we like
to work out so this is the random stuff
if you watch the live show you know you
don't get this in all the clips but
watch this show live 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
ok and and if you can't miss any portion
of it tea y-t-dot-com sized join to
become a member we have nothing but fun
on this show and often times there's
insanity in the control room often times
on the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to T YT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
