Donald Trump's budget is out can you
guess whether it's a disaster well it's
a disaster if your progressive based on
its priorities but it's also a disaster
if you're a conservative based on what
you claimed you cared about for all
these years so let me tell you all about
that New York Times reporting president
Trump on Monday sent Congress a four
point four trillion dollar budget with
steep cuts in domestic programs and
entitlements including Medicare that's
really important we'll get back to that
and large increases for the military
envisioning deficits totaling at least
seven point one trillion dollars over
the next decade now wait a very
conservative I thought you hated
deficits he's got seven trillion dollars
worth of deficits for you guys what do
you say now I'm listening right probably
nothing at all New York Times continues
the budget proposal would add nine
hundred and eighty four billion dollars
to the federal deficit next year and
would continue at a seven trillion
dollars to the federal deficit over the
next ten years so I'm gonna show you a
graph here of what the deficits looked
like under Obama and Clinton so I'm
sorry under Obama and Trump when Obama
came into office in the graph you can
see Bush handed him a giant deficit he
starts bringing it down so you see
Republicans create giant deficits
Democrats bring them down and under
Trump what's gonna happen they're gonna
bring him right back up because what
Republicans do they never balance the
budget all they do is pile up debt why
because they want to spend especially on
the military and defense contractors and
their donors and they want to do crony
capitalism but they also want tax cuts
for the rich that's why deficits always
go up under Republicans Reagan did it
Bush did it and now Trump is doing it
again
so don't if you're a Republicans please
please stop pretending you care about
deficits because you most certainly do
not and never have so this is Trump's
budget proposal and and now the house is
sent are gonna look at it they're gonna
change it up and they're gonna have a
final product now we just had an
extension of the budget that had a
certain agreement between Democrats
and Republicans so his Trump going to
listen to it I mean he signed it is he
gonna listen to him according to this
budget proposal no he's just gonna take
the Republican side and tell the
Democrats to piss off so that brings us
to this piece of news that bill the one
that they just had which President Trump
signed into law last week would increase
military spending by a hundred and
ninety five billion dollars over the
next two years and increased non-defense
spending by 131 billion over that period
but mr. Trump's budget proposal calls
for a different approach and says
Congress should not spend that
non-defense money Democrats you thought
you had a deal No Deal no now he can't
unilaterally change it but this is his
proposal when he's gonna fight for to
just totally throw away the deal you
guys just did the White House is
proposing five hundred and forty billion
dollars in non-defense spending for
twenty nineteen fifty seven billion
below the new spending cap set by
Congress so if you're gonna give money
to Lockheed Martin and Boeing and all
the defense contractors who finance
Republican and oftentimes Democratic
politicians yes they've got plenty of
money for that non-defense spending that
helps you the average American citizen
no Trump can't find any money for it he
found trillions of dollars for the rich
he's finding trillions of dollars in
other spending as long as they're donors
but when it comes to you guys all said
up man I'm out of change what could I do
so now there's one thing that he
proposed though that initially we
thought we liked and if you're
progressive I don't care who it is if
you got a good proposal we're all ears
right infrastructure spending so what
happens for that in this budget yeah
this budget calls for two hundred
billion dollars over the next decade in
new spending to improve the nation's
crumbling infrastructure well that
sounds good but as we've told you before
the rest of the money over a trillion
dollars comes from private financing
which then privatizes your roads and
bridges so you have to pay them money
the rest of your life when you drive on
the same roads and the same bridges
you've been driving on and more and more
at their leisure they can increase it
now to two hundred billion dollars
that's gone that's not of your taxpayer
money and on top of that you have to pay
for the roads and the bridges the rest
life okay is there anything good in this
point let's find out mr. Trump's
planning who's a request for eighty five
point five billion dollars in
discretionary funding for veterans
medical care okay thank God yes that's
good and thirteen billion in new
spending to tackle opioid abuse through
prevention treatment and recovery
support services as well as mental
health programs great
so I those are two positive things in
the program and I'll take it now Trump
is slashing other parts of the budget
that affects the opioid epidemic but it
is putting money in there great if you I
don't care who it is
you got good policies will back them now
the rest is a disaster so when it comes
to the EPA both for climate change and
pollution of your local rivers your
water is in your air here we go mr.
Trump's second federal spending also
proposes steep cuts for the
Environmental Protection Agency
despite Congress's rejection of a
similar plan last year to dramatically
shrink the agency's budget the fiscal
2019 budget blueprint would pare the EPA
by twenty eight billion dollars or
thirty four percent from its current
level while eliminating virtually all
climate change related programs so there
goes the EPA now finally how about
Medicare we talked about Medicare now
look to be fair to Trump he's been very
clear on this he says CNBC points out
when he ran for office Trump told voters
that he would not cut Medicare or
Medicaid now he's already tried to cut
Medicaid over and over as he tried to
dismantle the Affordable Care Act but on
Medicare he was crystal clear so let's
actually watch him on the campaign trail
you save Medicare Medicaid and Social
Security without cuts have to do it get
rid of the fraud get rid of the waste
and abuse but save it people have been
paying in for years and now many of
these candidates want to cut it you save
it so you've been paying into secure
Social Security and Medicare by the way
let's put them in the thing because
Medicare does work
with both you have tremendous waste
fraud and abuse we're gonna take care of
that okay but we're not gonna cut your
Social Security and we're not cutting
your Medicare we're not cutting your
Medicare so CNBC reporting the Trump
budget calls for two hundred and thirty
seven billion dollars in cuts to
Medicare the huge federally run program
that provides health coverage to
primarily older Americans once again he
lied now I told you during the campaign
he actually had rhetoric that was in a
lot of ways progressive and populist he
also had terribly right-wing rhetoric
but from time to time you would say hey
the bankers are screwing you the
politicians are corrupt and they keep
taking money I gave them money and I
corrupted them that was all true he said
that hey you paid into Medicare Social
Security same thing I've been saying on
the show for decades you paid into it
you know why it's called an entitlement
cuz you're entitled to it it's your
money and he said he wouldn't cut it and
he said he drained the swamp so that's
where the lies came in he didn't drain
the swamp he now revels in the
corruption the banks tear happens
gabardine he's got five goldman sachs
guys in the top echelon of his cabinet
and his administration everything he
said he knew he's doing the opposite and
now another blow to anyone who ever
believed in him he lied to you he's
gonna cut Medicare why he already gave a
giant tax cut for the rich Paul Ryan
brags you might get an extra dollar
fifty a week if you're an average
American citizen that in the top one
percent on average they're getting over
fifty thousand dollars in tax breaks on
average each one of them are you getting
fifty thousand dollars no they're
getting it and it gets worse in 2027
your tax cuts are taken away but their
tax cuts for corporations and the rich
remain at that point eighty three
percent of the tax cuts goes to the top
one percent snake oil salesmen
he lied to you through him through he
gave the tax cuts to the rich now he's
gonna have to get the money somewhere
partly he's running up a giant deficit
another part is now he's coming for your
Medicare
unfortunately we warned you we were
afraid this is exactly what he was gonna
do and here he is doing it if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
