good evening from Los Angeles I'm dan
Rather joining you this week from The
Young Turks West Coast studios we're now
less than one month out from president
Trump's self-imposed deadline to start
deporting undocumented immigrants
brought here as children that deadline
is using dreamers as ransom to force a
broader immigration deal from Congress
remember Congress is not the pivot on
which this all turns immigration after
all was president Trump's signature
issue on the campaign trail it was
donald trump's a searing anti-immigrant
venom that propelled him to the White
House and now this week is shaping up to
be the culmination of the raging
national battle he ignited the faith of
more than two million dreamers is estate
the future of millions more undocumented
immigrants the hopes of untold millions
around our globe hoping one day to call
America their home all of it the
trajectory of all those lives will be
determined by whether President Trump
will jettison is any immigrant political
base his official budget released today
still calls for 18 billion dollars for
the wall and his official immigration
proposal last week called for 25 billion
dollars to pay for quote a border wall
system but we learned this weekend that
at least some in the White House are
open to compromise the Los Angeles Times
reported that White House officials are
open to keeping immigration at its
current levels letting dreamers stay and
clearing the backlog of undocumented
immigrants seeking residency in other
words a total betrayal of the xenophobia
that gave Donald Trump the White House
hip-hop
but you might say it's of the very best
kind whether president trunk will stick
to this flouted compromise of course
should always be a cause for concern but
Republican leaders in Congress so far
seem to be honoring their pledge to
Democrats a pledge for an open debate on
immigration not necessarily out of the
goodness of their hearts the parties
business wing is eager for hard-working
low paid labor among other things their
hope this week is that President Trump
will not give in yet again to what they
consider the small-minded fears of those
who define America by skin color
language and religion those who don't
understand that what truly makes America
great is not diminished but made mighty
as we increase our diversity for all the
noise and patrol directed against
immigrants it turns out America has
already come together on this very issue
most Americans including Republicans
already agree on immigration most of us
want to open the doors of America to
those who would be American this week we
will see whether this Congress still
understands the country it represents
and what makes it great the Defense
Department is planning a nice little
military parade at the request of the
commander-in-chief yes one of those
breast-beating
military show-offs we scoff at North
Korea for holding for their maximum
leader the kind of thing that was a
regular occurrence in the old Soviet
Union and has long been associated with
tinhorn dictators everywhere we are
still at war and president Trump wants
to hold a victory parade American troops
remain in harm's way and the president
wants us to celebrate we can all agree
America's armed forces deserve more
recognition than they get also Ben
pay education and social services but is
this the way to do it seriously for 17
years American soldiers have fought for
us as we move the goalposts on them
al-qaeda the Taliban terrorism evil
itself those who serve honorably deserve
to be honored far above our poor power
to do so
but remember America's soldiers do get
parades modest Affairs usually Main
Street tributes to Hometown Heroes at
times such as the 4th of July and
Veterans Day we know these parades are
about their service because we can see
their faces
as they see ours but what inspired
president Trump's vision for a national
extravaganza of a military parade it was
not the service of Americans in uniform
it was a French military parade he
attended last year one of the greatest
parades I've ever seen it was two hours
on the button and it was military Mike
and I think a tremendous thing for
France to the spirit of friends and
people don't know what great warriors
they are our friends witnessed we may do
something like that he said he wanted
quote to try to top it unquote and if
you wonder who president Trump sees as
the honoree in such events consider what
he wrote about that French parade
congratulations he wrote to President
Emmanuel macron congratulations not to
the troops to the president these
parades dazzle us with gleaming machines
painting combat as kind of fun and
exciting turning soldiers invisible
camouflaging casualties and the savagery
of war they glorify only the military
institution and whoever
leads it I know because I saw it
firsthand in North Korea at a military
parade in 2005 I have no desire to see
it in America in 2018 such a thing is
not who we are and what we are past
American presidents saw military power
is a double-edged sword best to speak
softly while you carry a big stick
today America has never possess greater
military might but never has traditional
military might seem to matter less than
against the foes we now face and never
have we turned our eye from the
battlefield as the president insists
that we do now today those who claim to
support the troops do so against the
backdrop of war zones we know little or
nothing about in countries we cannot
name for causes we cannot fathom at a
time when we grow ever more distant from
the bloodshed in our name more distant
from our military history and tradition
from military families and veterans we
as a people have turned our backs on the
frontlines and hidden battlefields where
our warriors fight and sometimes die we
do not demand answers for their deaths
at sea in Yemen or Nadja air we little
note the defeat of Isis in Iraq we do
not mark the activation of the first
security force assistance Brigade at
Fort Benning last week bound for
Afghanistan this spring we do not hunt
for news about US troops taking fire
last week in Syria we turn our eyes and
close our minds to the immense
sacrifices of blood and treasure in wars
without end forget about it just go to
the mall and shop only a few politicians
object to waging war in Syria and
elsewhere without the congressional
approval our Constitution demands even
fewer voters care
so if our military have earned parades
and more the real question is have we
how can we offer them a parade when we
have yet to bring them home by what
right that we celebrate a military we
ignore to take pleasure in service we do
not bother to follow in sacrifice we do
not share by what right do we rejoice in
victories about which we know nothing
and if we have not earned if we do not
deserve a national military parade in
what conceivable way has our president a
White House in chaos with women in the
crosshairs that's still ahead plus the
looting of Puerto Rico is now underway
so stay with us
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all that
word it's not we're not
sit on the sidelines of history
it is the longest biggest worst blackout
in American history and it will not end
soon 400,000 people in Puerto Rico still
have no electrical power more than a
quarter of the residents just last night
a substation blew knocking out power for
still more people last week's u.s.
federal spending bill offered help only
a fraction of what Puerto Rico needs
Puerto Rico in other words remains on
her knees in the dark suffocating under
debt and austerity measures that predate
hurricane Marie on Wall Street descended
on Puerto Rico well before the great
hurricane squeezing the island's
investments in his people to win payoffs
for investors but there is still much of
value in Puerto Rico even after Maria
and disasters as we all know breed
corruption and profiteering the vultures
can smell it even in the dark
so now they're circling and Puerto Rico
strapped for cash honeycombed with
corruption is putting out welcome mats
the Commonwealth in other words is
preparing to sell off what little
remains of its Commonwealth
last month governor ricardo reis a whole
proposed selling off Puerto Rico's
public power utility with 22,000
students gone to the mainland u.s. maybe
forever the Puerto Rican government is
also looking now at privatizing schools
including the University of Puerto Rico
but privatizing problems is no guarantee
of solving them last week we learned
that FEMA paid a private contractor to
provide 30 million meals for Puerto
Ricans in need but when the first
delivery 18 million meals was due only
50,000 showed up and the packaging made
them unfit to eat it's a safe bet Wall
Street will make money somehow if Berto
Rico privatizes
and education less certain though is
whether it profits puerto rico's people
to keep track of that the human margins
as they struggle to recover from the
storm
we need good information hard data who
lives in the areas without power what
resources do they have what do they need
who needs help elsewhere Puerto Rico
collects that kind of vital information
through the Institute of statistics
information that is the functioning DNA
of any responsive government knowing his
people to service people but now Puerto
Rico's legislature is about to consider
reorganizing the Institute of statistics
and the data collection the Institute
does will be privatized - if it happens
then the information we and Puerto Rico
needs to gauge the effect the profit
motives on public service will now be in
the hands of the private sector the move
has been opposed by 15 members of
congress and the american statistical
association because Puerto Rico is
vulnerable right now and the scavengers
are hoping to do their work out of sight
no one is watching no one is counting no
one keeping track in Puerto Rico Wall
Street or Washington thieves prefer to
work in the dark it's our job our
responsibility to keep the power on and
shine a light
I was a young turk special election day
coverage dropping an amazing power this
battle modes are about power like a
smart destiny child for all too strong
we've done a revolution yes another one
aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount Harry Potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what ran me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bombing
Yemen crazier than bombing Syria so much
they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts HBO it's real journalists and
they do
you
I know what you're thinking I love how
you like you like lip you do something
with your lips where you play the sound
close and I'm like is he is he like lip
synching it I don't know I never noticed
it until you said it's a funny habit
it's not human intelligence humidor look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where you cannot enjoy
sit on the sidelines of history in 2017
Washington may be consumed with the fate
of White House chief of staff John Kelly
but with or without him the Trump
administration still has a problem
because the Rob Porter wife-beating
scans over has the White House under
siege is a heat-seeking missile to the
heart of many of President Trump's
biggest fears and vulnerabilities it
reminds everyone that mr. Trump too has
been credibly accused of assault by
multiple women there have been several
other people close to Trump accused of
sexual and physical assault there are
dozens of people working in the White
House still without full security
clearances including the president's
son-in-law a chief of staff who was
brought in to create order is now
spreading chaos mr. Trump's bound to
bring in only quote the best people to
work with him rings hollow and his
administration is having a tough time
finding people to work in the White
House meanwhile the incredible cocoon of
privilege and ego with which the
president envelops himself blinds him to
the sheer horror of his statements in
defense of mr. Porter the president
rails against the injustice of these
accusations this from a man who accused
President Obama of being a foreigner mr.
Trump talks about how quote people's
lives are being shattered and destroyed
by mere allegation but he says nothing
about the women victims what about the
lives of these women have they not been
shattered and destroyed and what about
the lives of all of the women and men
suffering in domestic violence
situations mr. Trump once again proves
he is indifferent to the fate of anyone
other than himself this is the low for
this country that is nothing about
politics listen we can debate tax cuts
and immigration policy and how we fund
education
we can disagree about the size of our
military or the best balance for
protecting the environment that is
democracy debating whether credibly
accused wifebeaters should be allowed
the honor and that's what it is
to serve in the White House isn't
democracy is the kind of madness and a
moment of sadness for the country it's
also a moment of fear for many young
people especially my thoughts for them
after this
I was a young turk special election day
coverage
an amazing power this battle modes are
about power like a smart Destiny's Child
we're all too strong we've done a
revolution yes another one aren't you
excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount a harry potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what ran me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bombing
Yemen crazier than bombing Syria so much
they ran audubon reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts HBO it's real journalists and
they do
hey Jake what's up and I want to do a
YouTube live clip but not live go hey
Dave I should probably see Skype froze
frozen crash you know I was watching I'm
launching that documentary on the
Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and I didn't crash and
that was 1965 and he was in Vietnam
here's some other stories we're keeping
an eye on and think you should President
Trump today finally unleashed his 10
year one and a half trillion dollar
infrastructure plan to fix the nation's
krumping highways and bridges and
largely ignore mass transit the plan
calls for the feds to put up two hundred
billion dollars the rest the White House
says it hopes will come from states and
cities but folks it's an election year
and Congress may be reluctant to pass
anything that cost this much so
infrastructure may have to wait although
President Trump is planning to stop
funding the International Space Station
the Washington Post reports today's new
budget calls for 150 million dollars to
save it how by using that money to
transition the space station away from
government control and into corporate
hands the plan does not say why the
private sector might want a space
station except to speculate that its
future landlord could someday charge
NASA rent as quote one of many customers
unquote Israel today said it will
continue to carry out military strikes
in Syria after a weekend in which Israel
lost his first fighter jet to enemy fire
in decades it began with an Iranian
drone crossing from Syria into Israel
airspace a charged iran denies from
there the thing escalated rapidly with
syrian fire taking down an israeli f-16
and israel claiming to take out half of
Syria's air defenses in response
although Isis is fading the growing
presence of international players in
Syria is eye-opening Russia Iran Turkey
the United States this is no longer a
pressure cooker folks it's a time bomb
with precious little being done to
defuse it Purdue Pharma the company that
brought us oxycontin
says it will stop pushing the painkiller
to doctors the company's being sued
by states and local governments for
igniting the opioid epidemic by
engineering painkillers patients would
come to need in 2016
opioids killed an estimated 53,000
people
72% of those using prescription drugs
President Trump has followed up on a few
of the recommendations made by the
committee he put together on opiate
abuse he said last week his approach to
get really really tough with drug
dealers is proceeding on Friday we
should note president Trump nominated
Jim Carol as America's Next drug czar
heading up the Office of National Drug
Control Policy Carol's resume does not
include any public health experience the
White House says he dealt with drug
related issues as a prosecutor in
Virginia in closing this is personal as
it often is with the work I'm trying to
do now network is trying to provide a
steady reliable experienced voice of
reason to events in our country and for
that matter in the world the effort
includes trying to put what's happening
into some context and perspective
especially historical perspective I
haven't been everywhere and done
everything not nearly
but now 86 years old and a working
reporter for almost 70 of those years I
have been a lot of places covered a lot
of stories and a fair amount of history
that doesn't make me an expert on
anything it may help a little in the
effort to contribute some context and
perspective I have no illusions mine is
a small really microscopic effort and
I'm bound to fail some if not a lot of
the time bound to make mistakes and
misjudgments with all that in mind let
me leave you tonight with this there's a
new book out titled how democracies die
it suggests that our way of life may now
be dying at the hands of
authoritarianism
which could easily slide into extreme
nationalism perhaps even fascism several
young people both in the early 20s
stopped me in airports this past weekend
to say I'm paraphrasing here mister
rather we're scared downright frightened
with what's happening in our country and
to our government is this the beginning
of the end of America as we and our
forbearers have known it is this how
democracy ends to which I respectfully
announce a better answer
no we as a people as a society as a
nation as a constitutional republic
based on the principles of freedom and
democracy are not falling apart at the
seams are crumbling we are going through
a particularly perilous period in our
history with anti-democratic trends
increasing not only in our own country
but in many places around the world
whether this trend continues to grow or
abates or withers away in the United
States depends on how a majority of
citizens respond now and in the months
and years ahead if enough citizens
reject the current authoritarian assault
on our institutions then the tide will
turn the ballot box will be the ultimate
decider fear can be exploited and is
being exploited rather success for now
by the forces of authoritarianism but
fear can be a great motivator for
citizens who are opposed for all of
those Americans young and not so young
who are fearful that our democratic
system is near the end a gentle
suggestion if you don't like who is in
power and what they're doing don't fret
don't dither or descend into defeatism
take heart get busy be active organize
there is a great battle underway for the
soul of our country whatever side you're
on this is not a fight any of us should
sit out
this is the moment now is the hour to
stand and be counted with that I'll
leave you for this new cycle The Young
Turks is next and we'll be back with the
news at this same place in time 5:30
Eastern every Monday until next Monday
dan Rather reporting stay second and now
here is the young turk himself ning
Kogarah think what do you got for us
tonight well we've got an amazing an
excellent show but I want to say it is
an absolute pleasure and honor to have
you as part of the network and here in
our studio thank you I appreciate that
now how are you liking the show so far
you know I love doing the show it's a
challenge it's something new we're
feeling our way we're gonna get better
and I'm very grateful for the
opportunity well I don't know how you
can get better because I love the show
can't wait to listen to it every week
and watch it every week so thank you for
being a part of the network I really
appreciate it I'm grateful for the
opportunity Jim all right wonderful
friend okay and the Young Turks starts
right now
