well we've got a great little story here
it starts out super sweet let me tell
you all about it I know it's a local
story but it's nice to warm the heart
every once in a while
Jocelyn Morphy returned to work at Saint
Peter and Paul Catholic school in Miami
on Wednesday after marrying her wife
Natasha Haas in the Florida Keys well
that's lovely in fact here they are we
got a picture reminds me of my own
wedding because we we also did a down in
South Florida and also on the beach oh
very very similar was this a lovely
story all right so why am I telling you
this because of the next sentence the
following day she was terminated after
refusing to sign a resign yeah okay
Jocelyn says this weekend I married the
love of my life and unfortunately I was
terminated from my job as a result in
their eyes I'm not the right kind of
Catholic for my choice in partner okay
well we're gonna get into the right kind
of Catholic here and I'm going to
explain and I'm going to hold them
accountable so first though let's be
fair in here from the school principal
Carlota Morales called Murphy's
dismissal a difficult yet quote
necessary decision in a letter sent home
to parents of Saints Peter and Paul so a
fuller comment here from the school goes
from Mary Ross Agosta it's actually from
the Archdiocese of Miami they explained
one has to understand that in any
corporation institution or organization
there are policies and procedures and
teachings and traditions that are adhere
to if something along the way does not
continue to stay within that contract
then we have no other choice
so both the archdiocese and the school
saying then we wouldn't have a choice we
don't have a choice now I'm gonna argue
that they did have a choice first let's
be fair let's quote Leviticus so in
Leviticus it says you shall not lie with
a male as one lies with a female it is
an abomination well that seems crystal
clear so what's our issue here it's a
Catholic high school that they've got a
right to
the rules we have freedom religion in
this country and it is what it is
so it's an abomination homosexuality is
you can extrapolate women lying with
women is also an abomination that's a
little bit of kiss 18:22 and so but i
wanted to quote another part of
leviticus if I might and I'm sure that
they since they care about the Bible so
much I'm sure they'll grant me that
funny enough it's also Leviticus let me
read you that these you may eat whatever
is in the water and all that have fins
the scales those in the water in the
seas or in the rivers you may eat but
whatever is in the seas and in the
rivers that does not have fins and
scales among all the teeming life of the
water and among all the living creatures
that are in the water they are
detestable things to you and they shall
be abhorrent to you you may not eat of
their flesh and their carcasses you
shall detest whatever in the water does
not have fins and scales is abhorrent to
you well that seems equally clear so
that's the shellfish provision in
Leviticus so shrimp lobsters crabs
oysters we can go on and on so I assume
that the good folks here in the Catholic
High School in Miami have fired everyone
who's ever eaten shrimp at the school oh
they haven't oh that's weird because I
thought they cared about the Bible I
thought that this was all about the
Bible and how they had no choice they
had no choice here to follow what the
Bible says
well it says you shall not eat shellfish
it is abhorrent to you it's as clear on
that provision as it is about a man
shall not live with a man so what what's
your Excuse you have no excuse so I know
what the standards circular logic of the
religious are doesn't matter which
religion they do it every time in this
case it happens to be Catholics and
they'll say no but didn't know the Old
Testament doesn't apply anymore because
is a New Testament and then it would
wait oh the Old Testament apply anymore
wonderful that a man shall lie with a
man no but that was clear what do you
mean the shellfish things absolutely
clear well but that's only an altar
good you just told me the Old Testament
doesn't apply did Jesus ever talk about
homosexuality or a man not lying with a
man no jesus never mentioned it that's
New Testament in the New Testament it
doesn't matter
doesn't talk about it but but but but
but but but but oh by the way Genesis
annum and Eve that's an Old Testament I
guess we crumpled that up and throw it
on the garbage right a Noah's Ark
apparently that was a lot of BS that's
an Old Testament which one is it do you
believe in the Old Testament or don't
you believe in the Old Testament because
in the Old Testament it is absolutely
clear if you eat shellfish you're a
terrible person it should be important
to you God and Yahweh are furious at you
just as mad as if you lie with a man but
no they like for shrimp they like Red
Lobster they got the nice cheesy
biscuits they don't want to do that
that's a pain in their ass so that part
of the Bible they burn they ignore they
crumple up but the part focused on
hatred of others who they love that part
so they got every right to do it any way
they like they're a private school
they're not a public school they better
not take a dollar of my money because I
don't agree to their hatred I don't
agree to their fear I don't agree to
their bigotry so they better not take
one dollar from the public in Florida
and if they do then we should regulate
them because we believe in equality
because we're America that's in our
constitution you don't believe in
equality okay you gotta freedom of
religion can you just be a little bit
less hypocritical about it cuz you don't
follow the Bible you think you follow
everything in the New Testament go read
the New Testament let alone the Old
Testament you don't follow it the
priests they're the nuns they're the
archdiocese they're the principal's
they're the teachers they're denofa
word-for-word so why focus on one issue
because it's hatred of others what is
fundamentalist religion for if not for
hatred of others look luckily not all of
the parents agree 20 of them went down
there to demand an explanation and I'm
going to quote one of them for you
Rochelle Martin said
we send our kids here because we want
them to learn the message of love I
truly believe that Jesus's message is
about love compassion and acceptance and
this is the opposite and that is very
upsetting so let me be fair to Catholics
and Christians the world over because
there are some great parts in the Bible
as there are in all the books and there
are some terrible parts in the books it
is true just read it if you don't
believe me pick it up turn it any page
but the Jesus message the temple on the
Mount is a wonderful message so you as a
Christian or a Catholic you have a
choice this school had a choice the
Archdiocese have a choice do you focus
on the great parts of the book about
love and compassion or do you focus on
the fearful and the hateful parts of the
book well this school has made a
decision now what you want to do with
that decision is up to you so if you're
the public in Florida you should not
give a dollar to these folks if you're a
Catholic do you want to send your school
or your kids to a school that focuses on
the hate rather than the love that is
your call to make it's a free country
they have a right to focus on the hate
and you have a right not to go there
they have made their decision they have
lied down and made their bed now it's
time for you to make a decision and and
this doesn't just apply to this one
school any preacher whether they're
Protestant or Catholic or Muslim or
anything else that tells you to focus on
the parts that divide us in those texts
be weary any preacher or a mom or rabbi
that tells you to focus on the love and
the compassion and the looking out for
the needy those are the ones that I
would frequent because the rest of those
preachers are giving religion a really
really bad name and so is this school I
hope that this lovely couple is all
right I hope the teacher finds a new job
one where she is accepted and
appreciated for who she is and what she
does you just watch the video by the
young turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
