did you know that Young Turks have 18
different shows become a TYT member and
get all of them click the link in the
description box below megan kelly has
apologised for comments she made in
regard to individuals who think it's a
good idea to dress up in blackface now
first let me give you what the comments
were all about and it all kind of
started when there was this brouhaha
regarding some person that I've never
heard of she's referred to as a
television personality LuAnn de Lesseps
so she wanted to dress up like Diana
Ross and it appeared that she had
darkened her skin to do so and so that
led to a bunch of controversy and so she
responded to it by saying I was being an
impersonator for Halloween I didn't mean
to offend anyone by being Diana Ross for
Halloween it just didn't even kind of
enter my mind I wasn't at all worried
about that and all of a sudden it became
a thing look I'm against people dressing
up in blackface but I gotta be honest
about that costume it just to me it
looked like she just had a tan like she
doesn't really look any different from
anyone who went to a tanning bed yeah
well I'm actually gonna go further when
we get amazing Kelly's comments in
defending them
but first let's note that we live in an
absurd planet where the Real Housewives
of Albuquerque are relevant is that what
she is from New York I mean they've done
so many variations it's gonna be
Albuquerque soon Walter White's wife
anyway hey so but on the other hand the
president's a reality show star so
that's the world we live in so these are
the most relevant people apparently in
the country yeah so now that let's go to
Megyn Kelly's comments because I'm
actually this shocked me to ask or to
defend her a little bit fascinating okay
so here's what megan kelly had to say
about people who do use blackface in
their costumes she says but what is
racist you truly do get in trouble if
you are a white person who puts on
blackface at halloween or a black person
who puts on white face for Halloween but
when i was a kid that was okay as long
as you were dressing up like a character
she also said I felt like who doesn't
love Diana Ross she wanted to look like
Diana Ross
day I don't know how that got racist on
Halloween and then she finally says I
can't keep up with the number of people
that were offending just by being normal
people okay so I'll let you guys attack
first sure so look I think that Luann's
costume is probably is not the best
example of blackface again I mean maybe
there's better pictures that show that
she did use blackface but from the photo
that we saw it just looks like she did a
spray tan
I mean there's white girls all over the
country doing this right into that and
they're not doing it to be racist I
assure you but there are people who
literally put on black you know
foundation or makeup whatever it is to
make it appear like they're black and
and it has racist roots and I don't
think that all the people who do it are
racist I just think that there's a lack
of education as to why it's perceived as
racist right so I can totally look there
was a time when for Halloween I would
dress up in like a Geisha costume and I
didn't realize that that was offensive
until way later okay when people
explained to me that hey people's
culture is not a costume you know okay
so maybe you disagree with me but I
understand their concerns and I respect
it
okay with with megyn kelly look culture
changes and I get it it might be
annoying to you but I think for the most
part culture does change for the better
so when I was in grade school the F word
which is not F uck I'm talking about
like the gay slur people would throw
that around all over the place and no
one would get offended people certainly
get offended now and it's for good
reason because the culture has changed
and so just because something was deemed
acceptable when you were young doesn't
necessarily mean that everything's the
same and people should look just don't
be a dick just don't be a dick right if
it offends people then just don't do it
what I don't understand why people have
a difficult time doing this but it was
interesting as she said you know it was
alright when I was a kid I mean as
though you know there weren't bad things
then I mean so I looked her up she was
born in 1970 so that would have been she
was a kid at a time when women can serve
on juries that's not something you want
to get credit
yeah so I don't think that's a great
argument that it was okay that you know
that it was okay before therefore there
must be some kind of wisdom in you know
respecting history or something but as
you point out there is no history
there's no she probably didn't even
maybe she doesn't know blackface was a
routine people would do in a disparaging
way towards black people and when you
add that context I think it changes it a
little bit yeah okay so now if you're
wondering what my defense is I agree
with everything you guys are saying and
and megyn kelly once she apologized
explained well you know i basically this
she didn't know the history of it as
well as she should have and having
talked to colleagues is now more aware
of it and so a classic example of it
again for if you've never heard of it I
think it's totally okay that you never
heard of it that's part of my defense
but birth of a nation first a major
feature film there's a guy in a black
face pretending to be a black person
going around kidnapping and raping white
women and then the Ku Klux Klan is the
hero of the movie they come and kill him
okay so that is among the many different
use of blackface in American history
that was meant to ridicule
african-americans and then eventually
used to justify in lynching them so that
is why it has a terribly racist past now
the problem we have in this country is
that we don't know each other's
perspectives and oftentimes don't want
to know okay so almost all African
Americans know that history because it's
is something that they had to be
concerned about something that they were
taught and so when they see blackface
they're deeply offended but I think the
overwhelming majority white people in
this country don't know that at all so
when they don't get why you're offended
by blackface it like what is wrong with
Mike they're so sensitive and these
liberals and their virtue signaling and
all this so what maddening there's
nothing wrong with Diana Ross you wanted
to be like man or Ross what do you guys
given her a hard time for right well
that's because there is that history of
it and I think that we could all be
better off if we just talked to each
other about that look you know I I
attack Republicans on the regular and I
think they oftentimes they demonize
other races certainly Donald Trump does
he doesn't Latinos almost every single
day 12 times a day does it
Muslims it opened em says it was black
people but in this case I do think that
it just genuinely comes from not knowing
rather than being malicious I agree with
that point and I think that it's
important to I think it's important to
approach people who are doing something
that you deem offensive with an open
mind and a willingness to just have a
conversation instead of immediately
assuming that they're intentionally
racist because once you do that then no
one's listening to anyone and it
needlessly like leads to division right
change happens when people talk to each
other right and besides and they learn
about other I think you're right about
that one difference on my point of view
is I mean she has an elite education
she's an extraordinarily privileged
individual I think you know she ended up
apologizing for it so perhaps you didn't
know but to me when I first saw it I
thought well how does she not know this
she's not and if this was an ordinary
person who perhaps didn't have the same
privileges that she did I you know would
be more sympathetic but to her it feels
a little different yeah she's the same
person who emphatically declared Jesus
Christ as Santa Claus white on fox news
when she worked there which I find to be
more amusing I don't know which was more
amusing Santa Claus definitely being
white when he's fictional
or Jesus Christ definitely being white
when he's clearly a middle-eastern so
that's a toss-up for me maybe we'll do a
TYT Paul on it but in again in this case
to Ken's earlier point look III don't
think that megan kelly said it because
she thinks be making fun of black people
is awesome and i hoped at least the
violence against them i'd be really
shocked if that was her intent okay
on the other hand you've got to
recognize as Ken said that just because
something happened when you were a kid
doesn't make it okay the f-word is a
great point the same with me growing up
and in in terms of everybody using it
and when I was growing up I'm even older
than you guys people would use the word
oriental all the time right and and not
all the time like derogatory that just
what they called Asians that was a
normal very very normal word for Asian
and then it became offensive and I
actually back then remember I'm a
conservative I fought against that and I
actually to this day still think it's
absurd that people get
founded by that that goes to my point
about costumes about people's ethnicity
I don't care people dress up with a fez
or in a big moustache pretending to be a
tourist sure I don't even know why
that's offensive they say what you call
rugs oriental you don't call people
oriental you call rugs Turkish you call
people Turkish who cares you should
change the way that we were foreign
Turkish people only change could be a
bad one so but my point is eventually I
started I stopped calling Asians or
Antos why because they were offended by
it so what's the point of needlessly
offending them like that just means
you're being a jerk right exactly so
that's really the heart of the point I'm
trying to make first off I do recognize
that there is an issue of white people
in America who do want to do the virtue
signaling and pretend like they're
offended by something that people from
specific cultures are not actually
offended by so that's like that's been a
thing that's been happening that's
annoying I get it but if if individuals
for a certain demographic or a certain
group do get offended by by actions that
we're seeing either on Halloween this is
why I hate Halloween every Halloween we
have these conversations about costumes
are so annoying but again if they're
offended just hear them out listen to
them and just let's just try to be nice
to one another why is that such a
difficult thing to do I don't think I
asked to be complicated with all of
these very academic approaches and
things just let people be the authority
on what they would like to be called I
don't think it's that complicated
yeah and finally I actually think this
one worked out nearly perfectly because
she said something that offended people
for good reason she was told that good
reason and said oh I didn't know that
I'm sorry I didn't mean to offend you
not so bad I think that's exactly how
it's supposed to go two easy ways for
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
