a 21 year old student is alleging that
workers at Spirit Airlines I advised her
to either leave for her emotional
support pet out in the cold because she
couldn't bring it on to the flight or
flush it down the toilet
unfortunately she did flush this pet
down the toilet and there is a lot on a
lot of questions that have gone
unanswered in regard to who's telling
the truth what really happened but I'll
give you the details and we can discuss
so her name is Belen al de Castilla and
she says that Spirit Airlines a Spirit
Airlines employee suggested she flush
her emotional support hamster named
pebbles down the toilet because she
couldn't bring it on her flight now she
says that when she arrived she had
called the airport she called the
airline asked them if it was okay for
her to bring her emotional support pet
with her she says she was advised yes
you can bring your emotional support pet
as long as you have the right
documentation she claims that she had
that documentation she shows up to check
in for the flight at that point a Spirit
Airlines employee saw the pet and said
the pet was cute there were no problems
the problem started when she was at the
gate and a worker there told her no
you're not allowed to bring that pet on
we actually have a policy and their
policy is online indicating that you
know passengers are not allowed to bring
snakes and rodents onto the plane with
them she was traveling to Fort
Lauderdale to have a large growth
removed from her neck which was one of
the reasons why she got pebbles the
hamster in the first place so that
appears to show that there was some
evidence that she needed this pet but
when she was told that she had to choose
either to put the pet outside in the
freezing cold or flush it she went with
flushing it because she thought it was
too cruel to leave the hamster in the
cold okay I have strong opinions on this
but I'm also curious what marks gonna
say about this but it must be noted for
the record how cute that hamster was and
the fact that animals are
okay you go first well I I'm afraid I'm
gonna serve up a fairly predictable
disposition here because you know where
I stand on this and I think this is
heinous I think it's wrong I think
people should be held responsible for it
just on the administrative aspects of
this if she went through all of the X's
and O's of getting on this flight of
getting this approved then there has to
be something that can be done at the
gate to bring the person who gave the
approval into the process but the idea
that you're going to say you're going to
destroy this animal both options are
destroying the animal one it freezes to
death and in the cold the other flushing
it down the toilet is just it's
despicable it's awful it's a living
thing if you accept the fact that this
is an emotional support creature and I
do I mean I don't know in this specific
instance if she was attached but if you
are that attached to this creature if
it's producing that kind of emotional
support that's important to you I don't
see how you could here's the thing if I
need to fly somewhere and I have my dog
with me right and some employee tells me
you're not allowed to bring the dog
so you either leave the dog outside or
flush it I'm not doing either one I'm
not doing either one
okay I'm gonna figure out some other
option by the way I have to tell you
what spirit airline said they did
investigate it and they found that one
of the employees did in fact tell her
she could bring the hamster on to the
plane with her but that employee was
wrong but they said that no one told
this girl or woman that she should flush
the the hamster down the toilet that was
made up I don't know she said she said
situation okay we live in a strange
world if it was a mouse that they caught
in the airport they would have killed it
and not thought twice about it so but
whatever she's obviously got a growth on
her neck let the hamster go on it's in a
cage everything's gonna be fine be a
human what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
