the White House reaction to the Rob
Porter scandal entered a new and in some
ways perhaps even more offensive phase
today we're gonna play for you in just a
second
Donald Trump's comments about his
outgoing aide Rob Porter but before you
hear those remarks I want you to have in
the back of your mind these facts about
the scandal Kolby Holderness who was
married to Porter from 2003 to 2008 has
provided photos to news outlets of a
black eyes she says he gave her he has
provided no other explanation why she
had that black guy in the picture put
his wife from 2009 to 2013 provided a
copy of its 2010 protective order she
filed against him and I've also read now
that a third woman oh so that's Colby
Holderness right there so a third woman
who said she dated Porter in 2016 has
also come forward to say that he abused
her as well so those three women
producing I guess what you'd call like a
he-said she-said she-said she-said in
counting sort of situation in the back
of her mind
as you listen to what Donald Trump
chooses to say and not say about this
scandal well we wish him well he worked
very hard I found out about it recently
and I was surprised by it it was very
sad when we heard about it and certainly
he's also very sad now he also as you
probably know he says he's innocent and
I think you have to remember that he
said very strongly yesterday that he's
innocent so it was very sad and you
might think oh well yeah of course if
you found out that someone you've been
working with has been habitually for
decades feeding the people who trust him
the most in the entire world that would
be sad but that's not what he meant at
all he meant it's sad because now
they're gonna be forced to get rid of
this guy and this is only if you believe
their story that they've just found out
about this and he said it right there
there's every reason to believe that we
know Don McGann apparently knew about
this for something like a year there's
reasons to believe that John Kelly might
have as well but all of them are shocked
and chagrined to find out about it right
now but even if that was the case the
only thing that's sad is that he's gonna
have to leave and he's sad too the guy
that's been beating multiple women he's
sad no mention of the victims about how
ter
all the things that he did were it's
just sad for them so super important
context here to John's point Trump said
certainly he's also very sad now okay so
we're sad that he's leaving but he's
also sad he's sad that we found out that
he's a wife-beater I think that the
people got beaten are a little bit more
sad and the fact that you have didn't
even it didn't occur to you to mention
that is I would say is amazing but it's
Donald Trump now if you watch the show
yesterday I actually also pointed out
that Rob Porter has been denying this
completely and look we've we never had
due process and I there's never a
criminal trial keep that in mind and
that is still true today and then that
John Kelly and Orrin Hatch who worked
with him were vehement that no he's a
good guy this didn't happen it's etc
right but today we found out two other
piece of evidence that are relevant not
in a trial but in how you think of Rob
Porter and whether this happened or not
first and most important the FBI
apparently recommended to the White
House that he was not going to get a
security clearance and he should
probably move on because the charges
were in fact credible now look if you're
a right-winger who's like in love with
Donald Trump now you don't believe
anything buddy in law enforcement
especially at the FBI I know you hate
cops
you hate the FBI everything they do is
fake news but for the rest of us the FBI
doing a year-long investigation is
saying yes the charges are credible has
a lot of weight a lot of weight why why
would they make up a thing about Rob
Porter that just doesn't make any sense
at all they're trying to confirm these
people and clear them so they get
security clearance okay number two is
they're actually he did finally or at
least we finally got publicly what his
excuse for the black guy was and that's
why I said yesterday on the show she
says that he hit her he says no he
actually took the picture and it had
nothing to do with that so what's his
excuse that we find out today he said
that he and Holderness were quote
arguing over a vase and that she was
quote somehow hit with the bass oh it's
a terrible explanation
and it's Haribo so look I'm not a judge
I'm not on the jury and you'd have to go
through a whole proceeding but if if I'm
look in terms of court of public opinion
black guy okay but you could have gotten
the black guy in other ways and then he
says off some hooks you got it with a
vase oh boy that's terrible that is the
weakest story I mean that you could
possibly come up with and certainly he's
had time to come up with it right he
knew that the mob was gathering at the
gate and that he had to have some
explanation as to how this let alone the
fact that it happened years ago mark
like you've had years upon years to come
up with an excuse and yours was somehow
she's you don't know that's the best you
got and it's just amazing the continued
willingness from from Donald Trump and
all the people around him that it just
it doesn't matter what the women say or
what evidence they have it's 100%
irrelevant like even if even if you
believed okay she's got this picture
maybe she just got hit by this magical
vase okay fine
why are the two other women lying about
it then they are willing it and three
they were willing to do it with far more
I mean do you remember Roy Moore wasn't
that long ago but Trump apparently is
just a really trusting guy as you'll see
in this clip where he's talking about
the allegations against where anymore
well he denies it yep he denies it I
mean if you look at what what is really
going on and you look at all the things
that have happened over the last 48
hours he totally denies it he says it
didn't happen and you know you have to
listen him also
let me just tell you Roy Moore denies
him that's all I can say he denies him
and and by the way he totally denies it
well he denies I mean Roy Moore denies
it and by the way he gives a total
denial he totally denies it so he if he
just denied it okay fine he can't be a
sinner but if he totally denies it if he
strongly denies it I mean does it matter
that the four or five or six women don't
deny it
does that matter for some reason you
seem to weigh his opinion slightly
higher it's not the only one even for
bigger things like national
international scale politics as long as
you strongly deny it as you'll see I
think it was very obvious to everybody I
believe that President Putin really
feels and he feels strongly that he did
not meddle in our election oh he's got
the gut feeling I mean if he feels it
feel strongly enough back in 2012 Donald
Trump tweeted if Rihanna goes back with
Chris Brown she has a death wish once a
beater always a beater
maybe there's something different about
Chris Brown I don't know he's not on his
staff I guess so his him denying it
isn't enough in that case there was also
a picture in that case we apparently
found dispositive when it was an African
American who was accused of abuse anyway
but that's a small small thing so let's
look at the a the race of Chris Brown by
the Chris Brown also definitely did it
okay yeah so look it's John's points a
great one and one I haven't heard
anywhere else before which is well
you've got all these women coming out
against Roy Moore and they strongly say
he did it but none of those matter he
strongly denies that that said all that
matters is a strong denial okay three
different woman including two ex-wives
come out against Rob Rob Porter and
strongly say he did it that doesn't
matter though he strongly denies it so
the one strong denial by an ally
co-conspirator and male colleague is
enough to outweigh three strong
accusations or six or 12 etc I think the
reason it does is it could be for many
men it could just be sort of it's a guy
it could just be misogyny that would
enough I think in some cases but I think
in Trump's case that's not why he is
simply willing to go with what the guy
says or at least imply that that's all
you need it is nothing more than
self-interest
what is Trump's defense against the many
increasing number of charges that he is
sexually harassed and sexually assaulted
women he denies it he denies it strongly
he total denies it well he's got wants
you to why he wants that to be enough
he's got all that it takes no other high
ground he's clearly and something
happens here we begin to try to ascribe
some logic to this guy who's completely
illogical and is all about
self-preservation Trump is going to
serve up whatever message in the case of
Roy Moore it was a ridiculous thing that
he would connect himself to Roy Moore to
begin with because he could see him
sinking like a stone and still he hung
on to him and because it was his
reputation he he began that ridiculous
sort of propping up of Roy Moore story
as you say it doesn't pass the smell
test nor do any of these other denials
he needs a porter there because he's one
of the few guys who knows what the hell
he's doing from what I everything I've
read he was you know a competent in his
job at the White House clearly he's a
monster once he leaves the White House
but that that Trump is sad that he's
leaving I'm not surprised but his but
his defense and as you say turning his
back on the victims especially when the
victims it's a shame and it's it really
is a sad thing when you see their
stories come to life in pictures you
know when you see the picture of these
abused women it's very very difficult to
to turn your back on that and yet Trump
has in any case I think he legitimately
is sad to see Porter go so there's a lot
of drama BR in political gamesmanship
behind Porter's allies and enemies
within the White House we talked a lot
about that yesterday but to the weather
this is a political hit job against them
by other Trump people who want to get
rid of him and Kelly that does not
affect whether he actually did it or not
now to Mark's point one of his ex-wives
Willoughby explained something that was
also look I gotta be honest with you
yesterday as he strongly denied it and
then Kelly strong on Wednesday when
Kelly strongly deny that Porter
ever do something like that on orrin
hatch went out of his way and these are
people I don't trust
I don't agree with politically at all
but they were so vehement that no it is
false allegations there's no way Rob
Porter would do something like this I
said look he hasn't been adjudicated and
I mentioned that on the show how many
times yesterday now though Willoughby
the ex one of the ex-wives has had a
conversation with Anderson Cooper and it
clicks for me
so she said look I now have a good
relationship with him and he wanted me
to say that we had a good relationship
back in the marriage but we didn't and
so but now he's okay and he said she
said look Porter was an intelligent kind
and professional guy most of the time
but within the marriage he would often
grow quote deeply troubled and angry and
violent and she said that she felt
during her marriage quote a low-grade
constant terror of not knowing what I
might do to set something off Wow which
again to me was like okay that makes
sense because the people who work with
him go with us and nice guy he's a
professional guys and tells you guy he's
a Rhodes Scholar II when a
harvard-educated guy you know and among
the Trump guys he seems like a stable
not genius what a stable guy relatively
but when you're in a relationship with
him as the three women who were in
relationships with him two over married
to him have all attested to yes but
behind the scenes he's a lit fuse and
sometimes the fuse goes off dragging
them out of the shower and hitting her
giving her the black eye in another case
in another case slamming down on a catch
and by the way like a lot of victims
even to this day some making some mild
excuses for him like well he would throw
me down on a soft couch right so when
you put to all this together
it's the clearer the picture becomes way
way clear of Rob Porter publicly and Rob
porter privately yeah and so if if Kelly
especially Orrin Hatch Kelly actually
got briefed by the FBI but Owen Hatch
maybe you don't know all that and I as
much as I can't stand Orrin Hatch on day
one okay it's that's a little different
okay on day three Trump
now been briefed and the whole country
is talking about it and you know all
this stuff and you've seen the pictures
and still says he's a great guy he's
like you sir
yeah we wish him a wonderful career and
all he's sad now come on man have just
that one fraction one iota of sympathy
for the actual victims if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
Oh every day
