let me touch on on the political angle
here one more time okay so now we know
that Rob Porter is gone he was the staff
secretary at the White House very
important role because he controls what
goes in to the Oval Office and what
doesn't go in that's why he had a lot of
internal enemies at the White House
because they want to get access to
Donald Trump and John Kelly and Rob who
order are blocking that access so people
like Ivanka Trump Jared Kushner they're
frustrated with him they even they want
more access to White House Corey
Lewandowski outside the White House
trying to get in in fact maybe trying to
take John Kelly's job so they're going
out there trying to get Rob Porter and
get John Kelly out so that's being
reported by Vanity Fair and many other
outlets it is very credible now it
doesn't mean Rob Porter didn't do it it
looks like by all available evidence he
did do it so and by the way he stepped
down and by the way the FBI said he did
do it and and he's not gonna get
security clearance and apparently the
White House Counsel knew that for over a
year at least that he had these issues
in his past and since November they've
been telling them including John Kelly
hey this guy very very likely did it
be careful his Center so now you want to
blame Porter for that absolutely Annie's
gun you want to blame John Kelly for
covering for him absolutely but also
understand in addition not you know not
anything that mitigates it okay they are
coming for Kelly and there's a new
report out today that Kelly said he is
willing to resign yeah if the president
wants it now those same White House
officials that leaked that said Noah
resignation is not imminent but he has
said he is willing to do that now if
they do that that's important for the
whole world because chaos will resume at
the White House if you think where did
it go we've had cares of the white house
all the time no no look if we follow the
news every single day we and with great
attention to detail and before John
Kelly it was madness through through
there was three to four hurricanes a day
after John Kelly became chief of staff
we got down to a couple of hurricanes
per week great that's not like
everything was fine and he wasn't
sending crazy tweets but things got way
kamar and much more under control if
Kelly goes and the lunatics are back in
charge in running the asylum again yes
including Ivanka and Kushner
he's calling Rice freebus asking what he
wants to do he's calling Cory
Lewandowski who was earlier fired from
his campaign for assaulting a woman okay
a female reporter so if those guys get
back in chaos multiplied so it that'll
have ramifications in for Trump that
means my guess is he will leave office
even earlier and I know the Trump
supporters will never believe that
etcetera so that's good news for the
country the bad news for country is he
will create a lot of trouble and a lot
of wreckage before he goes and then that
could be in a lot of different areas but
the first one that I think of is and who
knows what these reports of how true
they actually are but supposedly Kelley
is one of the people who is trying to
caution him to not maybe maybe not start
a thermonuclear war with North Korea
right although Kelly's view of that has
changed a bit
but but having meaning he was I don't
call him a pacifist but he certainly was
sort of someone who viewed that as as a
hot stove that we didn't go anywhere
near at the White House he's somewhat
modified that but but maybe then he
touched it a little yeah but to Jenks
point I mean he's certainly happier to
have him there than to not have him
there and I think that's what your what
you're saying John it I think it struck
me if the Kelley's remark says trying to
put the best spin at the end of a very
rough week on his own situation by that
I mean I took him to be saying hey guys
look I know this might have gone in the
outfield on us maybe on me too and if I
need to of course as a good general I
will step down there's a certain sense
of of doing the right thing at the end
of this week that has been so so rough
for him but that's more sort of his
personal political stake I think that
the notion that he could leave the White
House as Genk says it's a it's a
frightening one although he's clearly a
very flawed guy yeah so one more here
and it's going to come with a spoiler
alert not
to the end of the Trump presidency
because as much as I like to make
predictions I don't know that yet at
least with complete certainty so but
there's one other person that's very
relevant in this whole equation that's
at the White House and that's hoe pics
so hope aches is arguably Trump's most
trusted adviser and and he is apparently
furious that hope aches is defending Rob
Porter now why is she defending him at
least part of the reason is they're
apparently dating so now they have a
relationship we're inside the White
House and and by the way will it be one
of his ex-wives said look I feel bad for
her because if he's not abusing her now
he will because I've been through it and
I know how that pattern goes so now you
take that with any kind of grain of salt
you won that's just her saying her own
experience but the important part
politically is if Donald Trump gets rid
of hope aches and and as I explained on
the show yesterday there are rumors
about hope aches and Trump and they're
by Michael Wolfe take it with a giant
grain of salt and I have no idea if
they're true and I feel bad even saying
it but it is relevant to the political
calculation because he was reported as
being a trump was effing pissed
yesterday and as you saw today it's not
that mad at Porter he says he's a swell
guy and he wishes him nothing but the
greatest luck in his career etc but he
was mad at hope for backing him gee I
don't know why he's so mad at hope but
if he gets rid of hope there kisses the
spoiler alert if you know if you watch
The Sopranos I'm not gonna tell you what
happened but you'll understand this okay
what Tony does to Christopher is is what
you'll have if Trump gets rid of hope
okay Tony did something I Christopher I
didn't watch the end can you put this in
Game of Thrones
yeah because I don't watch this ability
would've gone let me put it this way
at some point if you've got rid of every
close confidant there's no one left to
protect you so if he gets hurt of I mean
if he gets it rid of John Kelly we've
got chaos did he get hurt or hope Higgs
he's got no trusted confidants left you
think Corey Lewandowski if he comes back
isn't gonna leak using writes Freeman
using an elite Jared and Ivanka been
leaking from day one all of this creates
absolute pandemonium the one person
that's been by Trump's side and that's
been loyal to him and as far as we can
tell from all the reporters has not
leaked his hope Hicks if he gets mad at
her for whatever reason and gets rid of
her oh he again he's in a world of
trouble if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
