welcome back to Ring of Fire the US
Chamber of Commerce has spent decades
convincing the American public that
lawyers are evil and untrustworthy and
unfortunately a story comes along that
only seems to feed that narrative like
the recent story of a lawyer
who was so lazy and so so afraid of his
superiors that they're gonna find out
that he decided that they maybe he
wasn't working hard enough so he build
his clients hours and hours worth of
work that never ever occurred you know
Peter what do I don't know what your
take is on this story this is Manhattan
lawyer patting his internal billing
records and for the sole purpose of
trying to say to his senior partners who
are built who are billing at two to
three thousand dollars an hour by the
way and so he's saying you know I'm over
here billing too but it was all a fraud
yeah what's your take well I you know
there's so many bad things that the New
York bar could be chasing after that
this I think it accounted to about 95
hours over a little over a year period
that he was kind of short changing his
partners over his time making himself
look busier the billing the clients
never ended up paying for the billing I
know but is it the story to me to think
a lawyer working on when these big
Manhattan firms is so freaked out that
he's not billing out enough money shows
you what the culture is it shows what
the culture is and you see what we see
it all the time of course and in the
cases that we try you have these big
defense firms that refuse to do any kind
of negotiating or settlement before you
go to trial because they want to get as
many billable hours as they can it's
called the bill mill mentality and those
you know you the covington burlington
covington burling jones day one after
another okay you know i could go on
forever if they're eight if there's mom
yeah it's their business model if these
white shoe silk stocking defense firms
and so this cat i guess is trying to
look like a superstar and just make
stuff
