according to reports Ivanka Trump a
woman who knows absolutely nothing
whatsoever about American policy is
teaming up with Marco Rubio a guy who
probably also knows very little about
American policy to come up with a paid
parental leave plan that can then be
enacted on the federal level now on the
surface that actually looks like a good
thing in spite of the fact that we have
two of the dumbest people in DC working
on it you know we need paid parental
leave guaranteed paid parental leave in
the United States so what's the problem
with these two working together well the
problem is the fact that the plan
they're currently working on requires
parents to take money out of their own
social security accounts money they've
been paying in for years and years and
that would be used to supplement them so
that they could take their paid parental
leave which would also obviously mean
that they would have to put off
retirement as most Americans only have
Social Security as their retirement
savings account
so basically Ivanka Trump and Marco
Rubio these two policy wonks believe
that American citizens should basically
have to start stealing money from
themselves if they want to get paid
parental leave now correct me if I'm
wrong but didn't corporations in this
country just get a massive tax cut
didn't they just get to pocket billions
of dollars in fact I think it was
actually about 1.4 or 1.5 trillion
dollars that's going back in their
pockets so why do we have to steal from
our future self in order to get paid
parental leave
I would think common sense would tell
you that since these corporations just
got a massive tax cut and they're
getting tons of money back that they
would be more than able to pay for paid
parental leave for people who need to
leave whenever their their child has a
serious illness or whenever they give
birth to a new child or whenever they
adopt a child or whatever you want to
use your parental leave for I think
corporations have enough money to pay
for that now thanks to the Republican
tax cut or did I miss something about
that may
it's because I read the reports where
corporations admitted that they weren't
going to use this money on their
employees or that they weren't going to
use it to expand their operations and
instead they were gonna split it up
among their shareholders as bonuses or
they were going to reinvest it in the
United States by buying back their own
stocks which would only serve to make
more money for their shareholders and do
nothing for their employees Ivanka Trump
and Marco Rubio have no business
whatsoever working on policies together
it's bad enough that it's literally
Marco Rubio's job to develop policies
but bringing in Ivanka Trump that's how
we end up with a trainwreck of a
situation like this where they say you
know what we've got plenty of money
so why don't we just tell Americans that
they also have plenty of money that
they've been paying into to their
retirement accounts via Social Security
and you can just take the money from
your future self and use that to do what
you need to do now that's why we have
such a massive debt problem among
citizens here in the United States
that's what debt is taking money away
from your future self for something that
you need now and a lot of us cannot help
it we have to do it
student loans stealing from your future
self in order to pay for an education
now we have to do it though same thing
goes for car repairs if you can't afford
them home repairs things like that
medical bills but paid parental leave
now that's something that the
corporation's that we work for have
plenty of money to cover and if you want
to come up with a meaningful policy that
actually helps people then you tell
corporations that guess what
this one's on you for once you're gonna
step up and do something good for your
employees so that they don't have to
steal money from themselves 20 years in
the future screw over themselves on
their retirement so that they have to
work until they drop dead on the factory
floor because that is what Ivanka and
Marco Rubio's plan would mean for
millions of American citizens thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on Ring of Fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our chain
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
