girlscouts are now showing just how
business-savvy they are by selling boxes
of Girl Scout cookies right outside of
dispensaries now these are dispensaries
that are obviously legal based on state
laws and the most recent example
involves a Girl Scout who sold an insane
amount of Girl Scout cookies outside of
a dispensary in San Diego now the girl
who has not been publicly identified
sold more than 300 boxes in six hours
bananas she crab probably could have
sold those to American American Hero
this bro okay there's apparently a
debate about this I'm settling this
debate right now okay not only not
guilty
American Hero she's so smart she's so
smart good for her okay so she sells the
300 boxes of the Girl Scout cookies and
then the dispensary that she was selling
in front of thought it was fun and cool
so they decided to take a photo of her
and share it on social media
now they blocked out her face you can't
see who she is but it was urban leaf in
San Diego and that was when they were
bombarded with hate messages and
criticism because they don't think that
a Girl Scouts should be selling outside
of a dispensary they're acting as if she
was inside the dispensary like smoking a
big spliff but she wasn't using
marijuana she wasn't anywhere near the
actual product she was outside of the
dispensary selling to individuals who
are really gonna enjoy those cookies
later on okay so get a load of how much
money she made so the boxes are usually
about five bucks she sold through over
300 of them so that's 1,500 dollars in
in less than eight hours less than a
full workday in six hours I mean like I
don't know man she should keep that
stuff going so this actually used to be
a little bit of an issue in Colorado
lawmakers in Colorado didn't know how to
deal with it because there was a
situation involving a Girl Scout who
wanted to sell outside of a dispensary
so at first they were thinking about
banning it and then they abandoned that
idea cuz they're like whatevs right like
the the fear-mongering about marijuana
luckily is fading away there's like one
person left Jeff Sessions was freaking
out about it unfortunately he's the
attorney Jerry unfortunately but this is
again this isn't the first time that a
Girl Scout sold cookies outside of a
dispensary in fact in 2014 a 13 year old
girl sold 117 boxes in just two hours
outside of a medical marijuana clinic in
San Francisco she was the original
innovator I think she's getting enough
credit so the right wing is mad at the
girl the Girl Scouts and the dad because
you know was she doing outside of
dispensary marijuana's you know terrible
and all that I don't know if the left
wing is upset because she's a capitalist
I mean that is a capitalist and trading
right there she's like I guess a product
to move okay where am I gonna make back
some money I know but what does the
right wing want do they want regulation
I just think that we should allow the
free market to decide mm what was the
concern that she's gonna go and start
smoking or that these dangerous pot
heads gonna walk out in the Psalter cuz
those all could be the assumptions that
crazy people will make cuz ions come out
snin they're like oh I'm gonna beat this
kids ass and take our coz by the way
they set outside of grocery stores um
kids under 7-eleven so you know it's
alcohol there they sell lots of beer
they have walls they have a whole wall
of beer into my local grocery store so
what about with drunk people come on
with their cases of beer before a Super
Bowl Sunday they come out drunk and
start beating kids ass isn't is an
epidemic in America we ask the tough
questions yeah okay so I was gonna say
look have I seen some stoners outside of
the dispensaries I mean I don't know why
I would be there but uh yes I have
have I seen really drunk messed up dudes
outside a 7-eleven or a grocery store
yes
by the way they get her dad's with her
okay just everybody bring it down man
so no the the parents go with the kids
they're not just like hey wander around
San Diego and see what winds up
happening hey so and the reason Colorado
changed our mind is they're like oh it's
legal and it's not any worse than
alcohol right and so
yeah she saw you in front of another
another legal store who cares exactly
right
great job you keep going and I know I'm
thinking of selling some cookies shakti
y-t-dot-com if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
