reporter is no longer working in Trump's
White House he was a trump
administration senior aide who has been
accused of physically abusive behavior
by both of his wives now he worked very
closely with Trump's chief of staff John
Kelly and when these accusations were
first made public by a report written
behind the Daily Mail John Kelly decided
to defend his pal instead of waiting to
see whether or not hey maybe this is a
really bad idea
so Kelly stood up for him calling Porter
quote a man of true integrity and honor
and a quote trusted professional Kelly
also encouraged Porter to stay and fight
instead of walking away from his job now
John Kelly got a considerable amount of
backlash as a result and according to
reports he was pushed toward releasing a
another statement backtracking what he
had originally said the new statement
goes as follows there is no place for
domestic violence in our society I stand
by my previous comments of the of the
Rob Porter that I have come to know
since becoming chief of staff and
believe every individual deserves the
right to defend their reputation I
accepted his resignation earlier today
and I will ensure a swift and orderly
transition look if he actually believes
that all three women are lying and he's
worked with Rob Porter I get that he
wants to defend his friend and colleague
if he is absolutely positive but I don't
know how he would be absolutely positive
and in a role like that you do have to
be conscious of the message that you're
sending out as the chief of staff to the
President of the United States if it
someone's been accused of committing
these terrible crimes and you got the
picture of his first wife with the black
eye and they accuse him of choking and
punching and and and there's three of
them can we at least get the second
statement first where you go well look
he's a friend of mine and I believe him
but these are terrible crimes and so
let's see how the process unfolds at
least give us that instead of he's a man
of true integrity and honor how do you
know that so again I want to
go back to what more can you expect from
people working in this administration
and what I mean by that is it wasn't
long ago that we had a Senate race
involving a literal child molester a
pedophile and Republicans were
supporting him because they did not want
to elect a Democrat instead okay that
just happened that wasn't long ago so it
doesn't surprise they're a tribe they
they always defend their own I'm
actually surprised that he released a
statement somewhat backtracking what he
originally said no I'll tell you why and
so that's really important but I want to
do the Orrin Hatch course because
there's another Republican senator
defending we're out Porter after we give
you that I'm gonna tell you what the
real drama here is because it isn't what
you see on the surface okay so Orrin
Hatch also by the way decided to defend
Rob Porter apparently Rob Porter used to
work for Orrin Hatch and here's what he
had to say it's incredibly discouraging
to see such a vile attack on such a
decent man it's almost as if they had
punched him and choked him instead of
the other way around
he continues shame on any publication
that would print this and shame on the
politically motivated morally bankrupt
character assassins that would attempt
to sully a man's good name and orrin
hatch never walked back from those
statements in fact he doubled down
several times take a look at this video
what was your conversation with somebody
whose employees and helping people
and it was a conversation to let up a
little bit if you need self in the
future I'll try to be there beg center
he's a good guy question I don't
understand I really don't understand
theft and you believe these allegations
against any group of women I don't
believe all but I think there's enough
there that you have to take it very
seriously
I don't believe them all how does he
differentiate between those he believes
and those he doesn't believe look he
should have led with the last part which
is you got to get very seriously these
are really serious allegations now is it
possible I'm not just saying this is it
possible that all three women are lying
anything is possible
that's it is possible and should we
throw them in jail without a trial no
you should give them due process
progresses believe in our justice system
and in due process is it likely that all
three women are lying knew so I would if
I was orrin hatch I wouldn't come out
guns blazing with he's the greatest guy
in the world and why are these women
attacking this poor guy I might want to
reserve some judgement before I figure
out if he actually punched her in the
face or not so three pieces of evidence
that I would want to look at myself
before releasing any type of statement a
piece of evidence number one black eye
photo little damning but who knows maybe
you can rationalize things to yourself
and make the argument that she got the
black eye from something else
okay fair the second ex-wife got a court
order or protective order against him
I'd want to see that protective order
when did she get it right so divorced
are messy right but cheating divorce no
no huh no I know yeah but you know and I
tell you that a thousand times but these
are two different women one getting
punched in the face the other one
getting the protective order before
divorce she was so scared of him she's
like you got to protect me from my
husband and then the third woman comes
out and says reaching out to the two
wives I've been having a relationship
with this guy how do I get out because
this this guy is abusive and I don't
know how to get out you got to help me
right that's a lot of evidence it
doesn't mean he's guilty it doesn't mean
we put them in jail but it does mean if
you're a senator or you're
I'm Kelly that you should exercise some
caution before you go out there and
going he's the world's greatest guy I
can't believe these women are doing this
to him and the third piece of evidence
that I think is important to keep in
mind is that his second ex-wife wrote a
blog post about him last year he didn't
write a blog post about him yesterday
last year didn't even name him but
reporters did some digging and they
found that blog and asked her questions
about it ya know so that's there now
let's talk about the stuff that's going
on behind the scenes because in my
experience reporters don't do much
digging Oppo research happens and they
get handed a story and then they go how
look at what I found a blog post well
you're right about that that's for sure
yes so who's doing Oppo research on Rob
Porter not the Democrats they don't care
and that's not their business as to
who's winning the internal White House
struggles no it's other people in the
White House doing it and so an anonymous
woman comes out and things are leaked to
the Daily Mail that's weird right and
then an old blog post is found that's
got all of these have Appa research
written all over them it doesn't mean
that he didn't do it
okay Oppo research finds out things you
might have done right and so so what's
the drama behind the scenes well Rob
Porter's on John Kelly's team John Kelly
has imposed order in the White House
part of that order is you don't just
walk in to the Oval Office and just go
hey can you believe Breitbart wrote this
let's go change US policy and you don't
go and say hey you know curse nerd like
a deal in China and so can you change US
policy so we all get rich okay and so
that's driving everyone else at the
White House crazy because they're used
to that and they're used to the circus
and they want the circus back in town
and then there are guys like Corey
Lewandowski who's coming out now and
saying justice this I can't believe
what's going on with Rob Porter
Lewandowski was fired for assaulting a
female reporter as if he cares right so
all of a sudden he's the defender of
women hmm not buying it right why he
wants John Kelly's job
meanwhile we are finding out from Vanity
Fair and other sources that Ivanka and
Kushner have got their knives out I
reported on this a couple of days ago
and they don't like that John Kelly's
blocking access to to trump so here
comes and so Rob Porter one of the top
allies for John Kelly down and out
mission accomplished
yeah so this is a tangled web because
the Corey lewandowski's of the world
also don't do so well with the Ivanka
Trump's of the world right right so
there's a little bit of a beef there and
it's it's interesting if they are in
cahoots in order to you know get Porter
out and to get John Kelly out it's an
interesting Alliance and we'll see how
it plays out but keep in mind this is
obviously speculation no no but that's
that's how they've been running this
three-ring circus from day one Bannon is
in alliance and working against Reince
Priebus at the same time so he'll gang
up with rights against Kushner then turn
around and gang up with Cohn against
Priebus because everyone's in it for
themselves
so when Porter gets cut and he's
bleeding out he's concussion from the
neck politically right he's like wait
was it Corey was it a vodka too late
already dead
politically so and Ivanka by the way
Ivanka and Jared Kushner are in charge
of the transition to basically fill the
role that is left behind by Rob Porter
I mean that's like putting Dick Cheney
as the head of your vice presidential
selection committee so that's part of
the reason why John Kelly came out so
aggressively the first time defending
Porter because he knows that this is a
hit job right or wrong and it looks like
it is right right but it is a hit job
nonetheless both things can happen at
the same time so he that's why he's like
no borders good god damn he bled out
already so then he puts out a second
statement I mean I guess domestic
violence is a bad thing but I'm not sure
he did it oh well I'm on my own
oh no who's behind me
so Ivanka and Jared definitely doing a
power play Lewandowski has his own
agenda I don't know if they're working
together but the most important part of
all of this giant story is when they get
Kelley and they will because Trump is
likes drama
he loves drama he's your reality host so
and he likes firing people used to do it
once a week and and John Kelly is not
kiss his ass enough on television lately
and he's bothered by that and then the
other part of this drama that I you know
I brought up in the earlier story and
that's relevant here then they go did
you know Rob Porter was sleeping with
hope Hicks now Trump there are rumors
likes hope Hicks ok so then he gets
furious and in Vanity Fair reporting
today that he he said he was effing
pissed about the porter statements okay
that Kelly and hope aches defended him
why is he pissed never cared about
sexual assault or anything like that
before he's supposed to because I hope
Hicks so they know that you think Ivanka
doesn't know which buttons to press with
daddy okay I don't even want to figure
out anyway so they press a couple of
buttons and Trump's like and once Kelly
is gone then chaos comes back and it is
not a ladder
it is a pit and so when chaos reigns
again at the White House and we're if
not week if not days we're weeks away
from that when Kelly's gone then we're
gonna go back to absolute madness so
threatening North Korea I mean I'm bored
I don't know what else to talk about on
the show I'm telling you man if you
think it's bad now wait till Kelly goes
that's when it goes into hyperdrive
of insanity if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network calm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
