now there's a new round of so-called
scandals about the text that a couple of
FBI agents sent to each other they were
having an affair and they sort of
texting and they actually criticized
almost all the politicians including
Hillary Clinton really didn't like
Bernie Sanders but they also definitely
did not like Donald Trump so of course
now the Republicans took that and said
oh my god it's a secret society
conspiracy and they're all there's a
coup by the FBI all sorts of insanity
there's a new wrinkle to it about how
President Obama was directing the
Hillary Clinton investigation mm-hmm and
they've got text you've got tax in fact
I know because that it's a big story
because Donald Trump tweeted about it
and said new FBI techs are bombshells I
wonder where you got that from let me
let me see a sean hannity a screen
capture here Oh new bombshell FBI Tech's
huh
no they're coordinating watching the
show and then tweeting about it Donald
would never do that he's busy
presidenting okay so we have the text so
let's find out if they are in fact
bombshells because they're public now so
let's put these up so again it's Lisa
page and Peter Schrock talking to one
another
check out my 9:30 media media on the 7th
and then response I can tell you why
you're having that meeting then it's not
what you think then the next person says
TP s4d which sounds kind of dirty no
it's not a sext it's talking points for
the director who at the time is James
Comey okay so that's normal they're
doing talking points for public
appearance no problem all right yes
because POTUS wants to know everything
we're doing oh there there it is oh my
god the President of the United States
wants to know what the FBI is up to what
they got him last one I'm sure an honest
answer will come out of that meeting and
again a sarcastic response there they
had a lot of sarcastic tweets okay now
did the president want to know what was
going on with the Hillary Clinton
investigation and was he trying to mean
related well that's of course the
contention of the Republicans so they
say that this this text raises
additional questions about the type and
extent of President Obama's personal
embalming the Hillary Clinton email
scandal an FBI investigation of it
government's got a step in here we
haven't heard from government in a while
and he's like it's all sorts of dumb
things being said by Republicans how am
I not in the middle of this how am I not
the star of this so Gomer jumps in he
goes it means the president wants to
know what they're doing to try to stop
Trump okay lots of theories there we're
not done yet let's go to that Hannity
segment about the bomb show in light of
the new struck text well we need to know
what investigation that Obama want to be
briefed on that's why tonight we have
two very simple questions for Barack
Obama and frankly everyone else involved
in the scandal take a quick look what
did the president know and when did he
know it all right that was Senator
Howard Baker that was during the
Watergate investigation asking very
important questions that President
Barack Obama and others now need answers
to they got to answer to everybody hmm
you got to tell us what did he know what
did he know about and when did you know
about the Hillary Clinton investigation
now he was meddling in it and then of
course the White House picks up the ball
from there Kellyanne Conway next let's
also talk about the new FBI Tech's that
are just bombshells
it is very concerning to see two people
sexting each other about this
investigation I mean texting each other
about this investigation on and on and
and now you see it goes all the way to
the top according to them anyway so I
would hope that those who are so
interested in doing that and calling for
accountability and transparency and
getting to the bottom of the 2016
election and the transition by the way
will apply that same standard and that
same curiosity to these what seems to be
never-ending texts between these people
she a bombshell bombshell
so she notice how she said sex thing I
mean texting yeah they were sexting in
other text they were having an affair so
I don't know what that has to do with
policy anyway
so bombshell bombshell president's
involved with Hillary Clinton
investigation or is he so now we're go
to the Wall Street Journal well-known
liberal rag run by Rupert Murdoch anyway
they say text messages from 2016 show
preparation to brief Barack Obama about
Russia's interference in that year's
election according to the Associates of
the FBI employees involved in the
exchange not as a Republican senator
suggested meddling by then-president in
the federal Hillary Clinton email
investigation oops
Wall Street Journal owned by the same
guy that runs Fox News but they have
real reporters over there
unlike Fox News so they're like yeah
sorry guys that you got the wrong text
that's not what that text meant at all
it was not related to the Hillary
Clinton investigation it was related to
the Russians interfering in the election
which of course you should tell the
president about poor can do not tell the
president oh by the way a foreign
government might be meddling in election
today we in another news story we have
that they actually tried to break into
the voting rolls of 21 different states
that is massively important and of
course the president should know about
that it didn't have to do with the
Hillary investigation yet another
gigantic lie about a so-called bombshell
from Fox News in the White House well
here one more from Wall Street Journal
Associates of mr. Strock and miss page
said that exchange referred to the
president's wanting information on
Russia election meddling which the FBI
was heavily involved in over that period
that exchange occurred just days before
mr. Obama met Russian President Vladimir
Putin at a summit in China mr. Obama
said in December of 2016 that he had
addressed the issue of tampering with
the election process with mr. Putin at
that September meeting so it would have
been negligent for the president to go
talk to Putin if he didn't know how the
Russians were trying to interfere in
u.s. elections so as usual
perfectly logical explanation and Fox
News in the White House don't care but
as I've told you
for it's not that haha we got them and
they're a bunch of clowns and they're
busted and they got to be embarrassed
first of all they're not remotely
embarrassed they don't care about being
wrong it's not the bug that's the
feature the reason it's the feature is
they know that the Fox News viewers
which are Trump's pace don't watch other
outlets read it read Trump voters they
don't read anything else I don't know if
they're even capable of reading anything
else
so all they do is they watch Fox News so
Fox News lies to them and gives them the
wrong information mission accomplished
just because they put news in the title
doesn't make it so it's not news it's
propaganda
so you think ah ha ha we got them
they're wrong they think no man we know
we're wrong you're missing the point we
don't care our whole point is to get 35%
of the country to believe that Trump is
right about everything there are they
don't have other news sources so they
will believe whatever we tell them
that's why we now have two different
alternate realities actual reality and
as Kellyanne Conroy herself said an
alternate reality and that's the one
created by Fox News you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
