amazon has just announced that it will
be increasing the company's minimum wage
previously they were using the federal
minimum wage of $7.25 for some of their
employees but they have decided to more
than double the pay for these
individuals in fact about a quarter
million of their employees will now be
making $15 an hour and this is because
of Bernie Sanders turning up the heat
and you know holding their feet to the
fire and so I love this Genk interviewed
Bernie earlier about this so we're gonna
go to that interview in just a minute
but first let me give you the details
Amazon said the change would affect more
than 250,000 full and part-time
employees plus more than 100,000
seasonal staff members who work for
Amazon over the holiday season in fact
Jeff Bezos released a statement about
this saying we listen to our critics
although he didn't mention Bernie
Sanders by name thought hard about what
we wanted to do and decided we want to
lead we're excited about this change and
encourage our competitors and other
large employers to join us now one of
the things that Bernie Sanders was
pushing for was legislation that would
force major corporations to pay
additional taxes if their employees rely
on government assistance because if
they're paying their employees you know
so little that they're not able to live
on that pay and then they have to rely
on government funds well what does that
mean that means that us like we the US
taxpayers are subsidizing these
incredibly successful and wealthy
corporations I love that legislation and
it appears that some executives were
concerned about it and so took action so
first of all I also want to congratulate
ROH Khanna who was the first Congress
person ever to come out as a justice
Democrat he did so on this program he
was the house sponsor of this and was an
integral part of it Bernie Sanders went
on to thank other progressive groups in
the interview that I did with him we're
gonna show you a piece of it but I want
you to watch the whole thing because
there was a lot of great information in
there and one of the things that we
talked to him about was how the
mainstream media had derided this effort
by Sanders in Khanna
and we found about at least half a dozen
articles talking about oh this is so
unrealistic
now we're gonna work Bloomberg called it
a basically a publicity stunt and I
asked him about that during the
interview but with progressives always
the same thing except it did work it did
work and and I would argue it not burn
Bernie Sanders probably wouldn't make
this argument but I will this is why you
used the bully pulpit if Obama had done
this in his 8 years he could have gotten
so much accomplished when when we first
started talking about $15 minimum wage
Obama was talking about $9 we're talking
about $9 threatening employees with
raising that I mean employers of raising
their taxes Obama's like oh that
wouldn't be pro-business yeah well it
depends doesn't it if the business is
helping the economy and hiring more
people great if business is keeping
wages suppressed and then relying on the
government us the taxpayers to pay their
bills well then you don't have to be
quote-unquote pro-business but Obama and
the establishment Democrats are like no
no our donors our beloved Chamber of
Commerce donors remember we're
pro-business were pro-business and they
never did anything and so here it is it
just took one senator one congressman
fighting with other progressive groups
that helped to in and and in in prep and
senators I almost call them president
Sanders getting ahead of myself
anyway senator Sanders was very nice in
the interview mentioned it that we
carried the Town Hall and hopefully that
made a little bit of a difference when
they talked about Amazon and Disney and
had their workers out there but look it
turns out that ragtag group progressives
just moved one of the largest companies
in the world the richest man in the
world they just moved that Boulder all
the way up the hill it didn't take that
much it turns out all you got to do is
try and that's why a lot of the people
in the corporate media like don't try
don't try if you do we're gonna
humiliate you and embarrass you and
deride you because if you try it might
work and it did so now I want to go to
the interview for a second here because
it's not just about Amazon the part
again I'm afraid a lot of the media will
miss is there the consequence
that flow from this and we talked about
how a ripple can turn into a wave and
then I want to go to that baseless quote
and then listen to what senator Sanders
had to say Bezos also said we're excited
about this change it encouraged our
competitors and other larger employers
to join us and I think that I don't know
that that this was the intent but
although you just talked about and it
sounds like it partly was once they have
decided that they're going to up their
wages it not only is the right thing to
do to encourage their competitors to
likewise but it actually gives them a
financial incentive to push other
employers to raise their wages
absolutely they will be in a competitive
disadvantage if they're paying fifteen
bucks an hour and competitors are paying
twelve or thirteen bucks an hour so it
is in their financial advantage to raise
the minimum wage and you know as you
know a last year we introduced
legislation for $15 an hour we got 30
co-sponsors in the Senate and we look
forward to working with Amazon to see
that that legislation or something
similar to it is in fact passed but
bottom line is that amazon has gone
first and we expect and we'll do our
best to make sure that Walmart Target
McDonald's the airline industry follows
and sent basically saying you ain't seen
nothing yet we're just getting started
and and we talked about this later in
the interview and by the way if you're
watching this later on YouTube or
Facebook the link will be in the
description box the links are always in
description box for the full interview
okay and please watch it to hear all of
what senator Sanders had to say but what
we talked about was now what they did
through this legislation and this
pressure was they turned what was an
opponent into a huge ally because now
Amazon Disney and all the other
companies that have already gotten a $15
minimum wage and I have to turn around
and pressure all their competitors to
get to $15 and have to pressure the
whole country to get to $15 see that is
three-dimensional chess and that's how
progressives roll hmm I have nothing to
add to this other than I love him
and look I here's the last thing I'll
add guys brothers and sisters go out
there and fight you never know what
you're gonna win when you go out there
and try so what whether it's
volunteering for a progressive candidate
you like and uncorrupted one it's
donating it's it's voluntary for an
organization you know me I like
wiltanger like just Democrats of course
I like beer I like wolf dash pack.com
but get out there and get in a game I on
rebel headquarters we we talk to people
who have made a giant difference in this
world and there's one key uniting factor
they tried so go out there and do it on
the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
