John Kennedy is a deeply conservative
Republican senator from Louisiana but he
has gone rogue he is a fascinating cat
man he's the one that grilled one of the
Trump nominees for a judicial position
asked him if he knew about 13 different
legal theories he didn't know any of
them had never seen the courtroom and
Kennedy's like I don't know what to tell
you
son but you got to go okay we're not
putting you on the bench so now we have
the issue of the military parade now
just give you some context when I first
read about I thought nah they're not
actually gonna do it that's crazy right
North Koreans have military parades in
fact literally they just had one stuff
what we do in this country know what a
giant wastes the money
stick it's Trump tweeting but they're
not gonna do wrong wrong they're
actually thinking of doing it
James vadas defense secretary says it's
in the early discussion phases by the
way I will translate that for you that's
Madison I don't want to do it it's a
really dumb idea I'm trying to delay so
the Trump doesn't actually order us to
do it but is this but we have to discuss
it because the president wants it and
then he added that he's quote putting
together some options it's real they're
gonna oh my just to please the manchild
they're gonna try to do a parade and
waste all that money Oh Shep Smith on
Fox News even on Fox News was like why
don't we just get him some toy tanks and
he could play with those who dick durbin
Democratic senator from Illinois says
it's a fantastic waste of money to amuse
the president okay but now that brings
us back to John Kennedy
so reporters caught up with him and he
did not mince his words on this idea
let's watch the most powerful nation
in the in all of human history you don't
have to show it off North Korea China
hey guys unchain man I don't know I
being a like this guy I don't agree with
any of his votes his policies and
terrible but I like that he's gotten to
a Quincy Jones part of his life where
he's like I'll say anything about okay
here comes his best Court about this
watch I don't think it's a particularly
good idea confidence is silent
insecurities
damn shots fired
confidence is silent insecurities are
loud damn okay I'm gonna throw in one
last one it's a bonus John Kennedy clip
having nothing to do with this story
okay Rob Porter one of the top advisors
to the president accused of domestic
abuse against two of his wives and
another woman that he was dating
afterwards and in John Kelly she was
staff defendant of vigorously in the
beginning the John Kennedy had thoughts
on that to watch well they are
allegations they appear to be the truth
if they're not I'll come back and
apologize if you want to serve the
public particularly as a member of a
president's staff I don't care who you
are even if you're a Rhodes Scholar you
can't beat the hell out of your spouse
it's wrong you know what I like most
about this that we're all so shocked
that a Republican senator would from
time to time tell the truth and actually
care to do his job make sure that they
vet some of the judicial nominees and
say things that are obvious
hey but when he does it's like whoa
Jesus what happened how'd they let a
Republican say that that's actually true
I don't know what's going on with John
Kennedy well but at least the things
that he's saying I like keep keep going
unchanged on keep it going it I read
just a quick first couple of paragraphs
of this article about the prayer back to
the parade
they said it would begin to cost in the
millions of dollars just to ship the
equipment artillery and tanks and
whatever the hell us he wants to to
parade down Pennsylvania Avenue for his
honor millions of dollars but we're
talking about the tax cuts and what
we're doing for the American people were
given to them and we have to pay for
this tactic just comes from nowhere oh
and then this to this defense budget
that we've just given more money to so
all this money that no one cares about
to keep us safe it starts
in the men's dollars just to think about
because they're in the beginning stage
plan right to think about sending all
this stuff and then what do we do as far
as these wars that were getting involved
in it's a waste of money and it's
they're saying it openly
they just know I was gonna say you think
they know how stupid the rest of the
country when it comes to wasting your
money and no one's better at it than the
Republicans if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
