joining me now Randy Bryce otherwise
known as iron stache taking on Paul Ryan
is going to defeat the next or the
current Speaker of the House and will be
the next representative from Wisconsin's
first District Randy welcome to rebel
headquarters thank you to honor be with
you good to have you here brother
great to be here so Randy I know you did
this amazing campaign against Paul Ryan
I'm gonna get to that in a second but
first I want to start with why you have
found a way and how you have found a way
to unite the Democratic Party because
for some reason even though you are
deeply progressive the Democratic Party
doesn't mind you you are the great
uniter how did you do it
well it's just by I mean our campaign
staff they're telling me just be you
just be who you are be authentic that
comes across to people and that's all
I'm doing I'm just doing something
people understand that you know they see
a part of them and the story that I've
lived and it's about taking care of
people and I think that's what politics
should be it should be about lifting
everybody up not not having people to
step on in order to elevate ourselves
Wow you know we had 435 people in
Congress that thought that way or in the
house so Randy your former iron worker
used to deliver appliances you're a
veteran so what in God's green earth
made you think that you should run for
Congress well people in the districts
have been asking and and for the last
decade I've taken anybody that wants to
put it in a fight against Paul Ryan
introducing onto labor friends and at
least getting them a head start and you
know what it's gonna what it's gonna
take to run and finally seeing what
happened in DC where the Republicans
took over all the branches of our
government and and knowing what happened
in Wisconsin after that happened that
put a lot of urgency into into the
mission so it was actually at a
immigrants rights march on May Day when
I was surrounded by tens of thousands of
people and I know they're terrified with
Donald Trump being in the White House
but you're looking at the determination
on their faces and and that even though
they're scared to death
having their families literally torn
apart that they're all marching in this
in a public street and so when a state
senator asked me then if if he could
pass my name along I'd I mean there was
no no chance at saying no all right so
now you might wonder why I said he's
deeply progressive well he's for
Medicare for all he's for $15 minimum
wage he's forgetting money out of
politics he's at justice Democrats so
that means he's uncorrupted won't take
any corporate PAC money so if a guy like
that beats the Speaker of the House that
just passed his tax cuts for the rich
man that is an earthquake an absolute
earthquake and Randy's well on his way
to doing that there are a lot of
different metrics but one of them Randy
is money and and you recently did
something that brought you a lot of
money but all small donations so what
was that well first of all let me thank
Paul Ryan for putting out a tweet that
talked about you know a lady the
secretary thanking him for a dollar
fifty a race a week you know that's
that's like six dollars a month so he
put that out and right away and that's
just another typical Paul Ryan story
just being out of touch with what's
going on in the first District whether
it's it's that or was not knowing what
the minimum wage was in the state of
Wisconsin he's been out of touch so we
were we've been able to raise it was
right around two hundred thousand
dollars as a result of that within a
48-hour period so as long as Paul Ryan's
gonna continue to be Paul Ryan he's
going to be one of the biggest helpers
that we have you know when I'm gonna
give the links right now of course as
always everybody who watches these
interviews knows the links are always
down below in the description box on
YouTube so you can just click on them
and if you're watching on Facebook
they're in the comment section randy
bryce for congress but there's a
donation and volunteer link give give
Randy a dollar fifty thank you 15 bucks
kima hundred fifty bucks but make sure
that your small dollar donations count
and and and if you're in the Wisconsin's
first District putting in your time is
even more
that our army of volunteers are gonna
beat these corporate hacks so so let's
talk about your district a little bit
rainy so Paul Ryan's been representing
for quite some time he basically works
for the Koch brothers they gave him
$500,000 right after he got that tax
cuts for the rich past so why does he
win in that district it seems like
Wisconsin's like real average folks
average Americans fighting you know
tooth and nail to make a living etc what
do you think's going on over there well
he hasn't he's never had to face what
he's facing right now and congressman
mark Pocan has even stated that this is
the first time he's had to run for his
life we're just building up the amount
of momentum has been beyond incredible
lots of members of Congress Congress are
getting on board this is the first time
congresswoman Gwen Moore has ever
endorsed anybody running running against
Paul Ryan and and I mean we brought in
senator Sanders is gonna help out but
people especially with the tax scam and
and just seeing where her where Paul
Ryan's priorities are and they're and
they're not with us for the past 20
years that he's been in DC he's been
hanging out with lobbyists special
interests and billionaires and that's
who he's making his votes upon based
upon it's not for people like me it's
not for my neighbors or anybody that's
ever been on a jobsite with me people
have had enough basically and they're
seeing that Donald Trump when he came
and started talking about draining the
swamp there's a lot of buyer's remorse
for that and we're waking up and finding
out that what Donald Trump replaced the
swamp water with it's a lot more toxic
than what was in the swamp and and
they're looking at Paul Ryan as being
the largest swamp monster yeah so you're
on a single-payer now conventional
wisdom and Democratic Party is if you're
going up against a Republican like Paul
Ryan you just want to be a little less
Republican than him you're you're not
buying into that you're going in the
opposite direction first of all why are
you for single-payer in this second of
all why do you think that's gonna work
but it's the right thing to do
especially after having so much of our
money we distributed it up towards the
wealthiest you can't tell me that we
can't afford to take care of ourselves
and the way of looking at it it's it's
like a big big picture issue that I see
it recently an entire G
factory closed up shop and moved to
Canada Paul Ryan blamed it on the taxes
and I say we the way we have to look at
it is that Medicare for all is going to
be a means to help small businesses
start a job they're not gonna have to
worry about covering somebody and also
it's going to change the culture we need
to I won't take off unless I have
something seriously wrong with me
physically that is is not allowing me to
get up or move around normally and
usually I'll put it off as long as I can
thinking that it's going to go away
we'll just think how much money we're
gonna save if we go and get something
like that checked out if we have annual
checkups preventive care and also if we
can get rid of all these extra tests
where people are making money off of you
know however many tests they can send us
to and I know it's a crazy system that
we have right now the iron workers are
self-insured so you know we actually pay
an administrator to turn down our own
members for health care coverage and
that's not that's not taking care of our
members if you ask me that's common
sense man and I think if you talk to
people they get that kind of common
sense and it saves us money in the long
run no question about it now you had a
health scare of your own what was that
about
Randy shortly after I got to the army I
was diagnosed with cancer and at the
time I was working two full-time jobs
and neither one of them provided any
kind of health care and luckily you know
I was like my late 20s I went to go see
a doctor it was one of the better
doctors in the area but when it was
found out that I didn't have insurance I
was sent to the Medical College of
Wisconsin so I had I was like a student
I was like a guinea pig and the doctor
that I had was just phenomenal we'll
never forget him but if not for that who
knows if I'd even be talking to you
today yeah and and it's crazy that we
live in a country that's supposed to be
number one that's supposed to be the top
economy in the world we have all this
money but for millions of Americans if
you get sick we say now you're on your
own and sadly for you
GoFundMe there's the we're doing
GoFundMe to save people's lives
it's insanity so yeah now Rennie you
way to the state of the union which was
a little bit controversial some problems
were mad about that they found it
disrespectful that someone else would
invite you when you run yes one of the
members I find that hilarious right from
the guys who yelled you lied Obama
exactly I was just gonna say it wasn't a
Democrat that yelled you lied
so who invited you and what you do over
there congressman mark Pocan invited me
he's just been an amazing man and just a
fantastic representative not only was I
called out for attending the State of
the Union and and mark Pocan invited me
as a working person a representative of
the state of Wisconsin but he was also
called out for being disrespectful by
having town halls in Paul Ryan's
district he had four of them throughout
the area but the fact is is that Paul
Ryan has refused to have a public town
hall for over two years so I they should
be thanking him for doing Paul Ryan's
job for him and that's just another
reason why he needs to be removed
and and by the way there's rumors that
he might retire if he does then you're
by a longshot the front runner so
there's a lot of different ways to win
that race but I'd rather have him stay
in the race and have you knock his ass
out it would be a pleasure to watch so
look it Randy's also in favor of
comprehensive immigration reform
women's health care reproductive rights
reversing climate change etc but we're
almost out of time so I'm gonna since I
know those positions of yours that's why
I said you're deeply progressive and
again if you want to help them go to the
links down below and make sure you click
on those but I I wanted to ask a fun
question at the end here so you're known
as iron stache I love nicknames that's
an awesome nickname I'm not gonna ask
you where it came from you're an iron
worker and you have a mustache
obviously it's Irish - but but who came
up with it and when was that recently or
they always call yds - no it was
something that came up with I was I went
to the National Building Trades
legislative conference and I've been
involved with like social media so I got
in touch with their guy there and we we
did a few things we were talking how to
best rally the troops behind social
media and he was
like I wasn't on Twitter at the time and
he said you really should try it out so
I did and just kind of experimented with
a psychologist named song he was like
that's awesome you should use you just
go with it
so when we decided to run our campaign
we thought about having you know like a
Randy for Wisconsin or making up a
different Twitter handle and we said no
just let's keep it keep it genuine just
gonna be Who I am and not change
anything like that and it's it's part of
our message and it's it's really seemed
to be working
Randy nothing would make me happier than
if on election night I got to say her
cubs are - oh no down goes Ryan down
goes Ryan
so that's hoped it looks looking forward
to hearing that yeah you your volunteers
your donors all small donors could make
that happen
Randy Bright's thanks for joining us at
rebel headquarters thank you for the
invitation
