the Trump administration wants to
deregulate business as much as possible
in fact Trump has famously said that for
every new regulation he would like to
repeal two regulations now in an effort
to repeal regulations that airline
industries do not like the Department of
Transportation has essentially opened up
a forum to allow the airline industry to
air their grievances and share what type
of regulations they would like to see
gone taken away and what they want to do
is pretty devastating especially when
you take into account how incredibly
uncomfortable it already is to fly it
seems as though members of the airline
industry are already mistreating
consumers and if they get what they want
they could mistreat us even further let
me give you the details if the airlines
get what they want the government would
weaken the tarmac delay rule which
imposes hefty fines for stranding
passengers on planes for long periods
and also eliminate a requirement that
they show the full price of a ticket
when people shop like because that's too
much of a regulation being honest about
how much the ticket cost to the consumer
they want to get rid of that regulation
that's I mean what right right there's a
they want to impose fees for wheelchairs
services they want to take away your 24
hour refund period if you by accident
buy a ticket you won't you know didn't
mean to buy so they're currently
thankfully in the United States there is
that 24-hour grace period which I have
admittedly taken advantage of when I was
booking actually recently when I had to
book a trip to DC for work and I used
the company card and then I realized I
booked the wrong date and I had a panic
attack because I thought I couldn't get
a refund but there was that 24-hour
grace period and I you know was able to
breathe a sigh of relief they want to
get rid of that well and and you know
why that is so important as well besides
the fact that they're going very anti
disability to folks is that the airline
industry in America is so unregulated
that prices just just vacillate so
significantly that in other countries
that have a airline industry that's
nationally subsidized you don't
experience the same thing I was actually
talking to my sister I bought tickets on
Emirates and I it was the same cost to
fly a week or two out as it was a month
ago
so that's because their airline is
subsidized by the country of United Arab
Emirates and the other interesting thing
is a part of this is that they are
trying to slap regulations on other
airlines that are not part of the US
which again let's go back to these
Middle Eastern Airlines Emirates and
other airlines from the Middle East it D
had and I believe Jordans royal Jordan
Airlines they were trying to make it
difficult for typically like business
class travelers to fly on those planes
because it their business classes are
much better and the tickets again as I
explained are much cheaper and so they
banned laptops and other I believe iPads
from coming in as carry-on luggage to
the states and they tried to say that it
was a security concern but they were
trying to deter people to buy from other
airlines that were not American Airlines
so they're making that they're making
the American airline experience
incredibly uncomfortable right difficult
and then what are they doing they're
trying to make it difficult for us to
fly with other everything's amazing that
is amazing that they have to deal with
they want to tighten regulations that we
as consumers have to deal with so one
thing that they would like to get rid of
is protections for individuals who have
emotional support pets so if you have an
emotional support dog and you have
documentation to prove it you're able to
fly with that pet and you don't have to
pay for it right they want to do away
with that so you wouldn't be protected
if you have a
needs you would still have to pay a fee
or you might not even be able to bring
your pet on board with you you know it's
a huge hassle for people working on
these flights to allow people to have
their emotional support animals no
you're right it's not it's not a hassle
and to charge for it and to charge for
the wheelchair service and these are all
the fees that add up and remember the
remember the good old days when you
didn't have to pay to have your luggage
checked they're making it really went
from the red to the black a lot of these
airlines based on charging us these
additional fees so there's that so these
are corporate fat cats getting fatter
but the tarmac delay law and that
regulation came into effect because
there were these inordinate delays of
seven and eight hours on a snowy tarmac
in Detroit the the toilets were
overflowing the the scene inside the
cabin was something out of like a Laura
the Flies and that's where this came
from that's how they developed this
regulation so plus Savannah says the 24
hour rule that should just be a basic
consumer protection OOP I clicked the
wrong thing look it just happened a
minute ago no problem we'll undo it
these are always fat cats are getting
fatter this is a corporate money grab
and nothing else they don't want to have
to answer to the consumer
they're undoing all the consumer
protections it is nothing short of that
right but and but Trump is looking out
for the little guy right I mean I get it
I get that those on the right have some
of those on the right have bought into
the propaganda that any and all
regulation is bad it's red tape we don't
want red tape but there are regulations
that were purposely put in place to
protect you the consumer and so in this
case they want to get rid of those
protections again flying is already
incredibly uncomfortable and you know
we're now living in this world where
there is an entire industry that could
literally not give you what you paid for
you can pay for a flight and they can
literally kick you off that flight if
they have overbooked it right no other
industry is allowed to do something like
that so I feel like the airline industry
is already under regulated and they want
further do away with whatever consumer
protections exist by the way they want
to drop requirements to show on time and
cancellation data with flights right
right right and the airlines are they
are explaining why they are advocating
for these d-- regulations and their
response was that the Department of
Transportation was turning to activist
II that's remarkable to say that to be
on the side of the consumer is to
activist II and I think the reason why
people believe the rhetoric around Trump
is they don't understand the philosophy
that's under girding it and yes we could
say it's a corporate AA cracy it's a
plutocracy but it's deeper than that
it's a philosophy called neoliberalism
and neoliberalism is all about
deregulation expanding the free market
but beyond the point of what capitalism
envisioned it to be and the interesting
point about it is that these folks only
want the state to exist so that they can
validate the the desires and the the
exploitation of these big corporations
that's the only reason they want the
state to exist is for corporate wealth
and greed
that's the neoliberal philosophy so if
you buy into any of that you're buying
into your own destruction let me say one
last thing about the word regulation
because it's used and people think yeah
I do want to get government off our
backs and there is too much regulation
it's like one of those things yeah let's
get the man off my back protections and
also use that word and that is what goes
on with so many of these laws consumers
are protected by these very things that
they're rolling back these we can call
them regulations but they are consumer
protections and they are going away if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks show every day
