researchers have been looking into a
tiny it's Hallion island sardinia
because of the fact that that island
alone has a considerable amount of
individuals who live past the age of 100
centenarians as they're referred to and
the proportion of centenarians has been
found to be 3 times greater than in the
rest of Sardinia and what they're
talking about there is a small part of
Sardinia known as Tianna that is where
they found the proportion to be three
times greater than in the rest of
Sardinia but if you look at Sardinia as
an island you'll notice that there are a
lot of people there who managed to live
past the age of 100 so what gives what
are they doing is it the olive oil like
you know everyone immediately goes to
diet and exercise and lifestyle habits
and the researchers actually did control
for those factors and they found that
another factor that often times is it
talked about enough is how a social
setting could help elongate you know or
or lengthen your life span so this was a
shock to me but they found that there's
a lot more family involvement here in
this part of the world
ok families all up in your business all
the time
lifespan that is you associate family
with stress yeah no no I don't love you
yeah now look I'm gonna get into the
specifics of how people socialize in
Sardinia compared to other parts of the
world but you know it is interesting to
see that you know increased family
involvement increased social behavior
has led to longer lifespans like this
yes so social interaction was a point or
a variable that doesn't usually come up
when we think about healthy living
living longer and people previously
studied genetics died and exercise as
well this is the philosophy that folks
adhere to when they think about Blue
Zone
the world places where people live very
late in their lives but what's really
interesting is I've been reading up on
what social interaction does for us
socio biologically and this guy Johan
Hari he wrote this book called chasing
The Scream and he revealed that the
study I don't know if I've talked about
this on T YT but the study that informs
every way we understood addiction was
was was redone with a different variable
so the study is a rat by itself in a
cage drinking water that's cocaine laced
and then water let's regular right it
went it went for the hotate cocaine
every other time
and then this guy Bruce Alexander
repeated the study and then he put that
rat in a rat pack and then in that rat
pack they found that the that rat or all
the rats they tried the cocaine laced
water but then went back to the regular
water and so they theorized that because
the rat was in an environment with other
rats it didn't need to depend on a quad
drug addiction to have like dopamine
releases and orphan rushes and so
similarly I know this was a long story
but no that is you're saying that we're
getting the very things that nurture us
that nourish us were getting that in a
social setting as opposed to having to
get it from externals like the food we
eat and right yeah we're running out of
time but I just wanted to quickly
mention that you know in this type of
society what researchers are noticing is
that unlike in America elderly people
are revered there they're celebrated
families don't send them away to homes
there they live in that same household
and they're appreciated and they're also
very active elderly people are going out
and they're having conversations and
they're playing board games with their
friends and so that type of social
behavior leads to a certain type of you
know health healthful or healthful is
not a word it's not as full existence
that really does increase the length of
time they
live you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
