Senate leaders have agreed on a
bipartisan proposal to fund the
government this is a spending deal that
would essentially be a long-term
spending deal that both Republicans and
Democrats admit they don't love but
there are some concessions for each
group and I will give you the details
you can decide for yourself whether or
not you think this is a good deal now
keep in mind that even though Senate
leaders have agreed on this proposal now
it's up to the house to also vote on it
and you know essentially vote to
implement it so based on what this
bipartisan deal indicates there will be
six billion added to government spending
to fight the opioid crisis that's
spending that is desperately needed five
point eight billion dollars for child
care Development Block Grant also four
billion dollars for veterans medical
facilities good to know that we have
lawmakers that are finally focusing on
that two billion dollars for critical
research 20 billion dollars to augment
existing infrastructure programs four
billion dollars for college
affordability so there are some
significant portions of this proposal
that I think are good but of course
there's one massive concession and that
is the issue of daca this proposal has
nothing to do with immigration reform it
has nothing to do with protections for
dreamers but it does provide funding for
programs that are incredibly important
also the deal would raise the spending
caps by about three hundred billion
dollars over two years the limit on
military spending would also be
increased by eighty billion in the
current fiscal year and eighty-five
billion in the next year which begins
October 1st the limit on non-defense
spending would also increase by sixty
three billion dollars this year and
sixty eight billion dollars next year so
there's a lot of funding for additional
funding for the military and that's
something that those on the Left are
concerned about and then those on the
right who consider themselves so-called
deficit hawks also don't like this
spending proposal or government funding
proposal because they feel that it
worsens they feel that it worsens the
current deficit that we're dealing with
and that's consistent on their part
because they're the ones who voted
against the tax bill because the tax
bill would also add to the deficit this
is an old-time spending bill right I
mean this is this is what they used to
do in Congress and there were some
people who were happy there are some
people who weren't and and in this case
or it's not even just some people like
everybody's giving up something here so
a huge spending bill is not going to
make the freedom caucus and those real
conservatives happy on the other on the
other hand it's gonna be tough for a lot
of Democrats daca aside and that's kind
of a separate thing with this spending
bill to vote against all this spending
demonstrates you know are tempted by
this when you say old-time spending you
mean that a lot of people got a lot yeah
and that a lot of things are funded so
it's not as though it's bipartisan in
that sense everybody's equally hurt
everybody's equally benefited in a sense
and the Democrats here are giving up
they're not giving up daca
but what they're what they're still
reliant upon is the word of Mitch
McConnell which no word of that right
look to Nancy Pelosi's credit she is not
in agreement with Senate leaders on this
proposal
she believes that daca is something that
needs to be taken care of right away and
she is essentially asking for you know
Paul Ryan to make a promise that they
will eventually debate and vote on
immigration reform specifically
protections for these dreamers now I
want to go to Mitch McConnell and and
Schumer in just a moment before before I
do so let me give you other components
of this spending proposal that I think
are important the deal also includes a
four point nine billion dollars two
years of full federal funding for
Medicaid in Puerto Rico and the United
States Virgin Islands and the children
health insurance program is extended for
four years so again there are good
components to it there's no question
about it but of course there is a
deadline looming in regard to these daca
recipients March fifth and so Nancy
Pelosi is concerned about that and she's
saying mmm I'm not gonna vote in favor
of something like this until I get a
promise that we are going to vote on
immigration reform and she's I mean not
only is she saying that she's into her
seventh hour as we speak of essentially
filibustering in the House of
Representatives you can't as a House
member filibuster it's a different
that's a Senate rule but you can if
you're in the leadership they have these
things called magic minutes in the
morning so members of Congress go before
the Congress for one minute they get
recognized for one minute
and they can talk about anything that's
when they talk about the post office is
the high school football team whatever
but they also talk about things that
matter leaders can talk for as long as
they'd like so she's in four inch
stilettos which I mean I haven't worn
since high school and and but I remember
them being difficult to stand up in for
more than ten minutes and she's doing it
for seven hours now taking sips of water
and reading letters from dreamers she is
serious about this and she's speaking
not just to America but to her
Democratic colleagues to say this is
important enough to vote against this
bill they're not all going to do that
because there's too much sweet stuff in
it but if they can get a deal that was
similar from what the Senators got from
McConnell in in the Senate then that's
going to go a long way toward I think
toward helping them you know at least
hold these people's you know to the fire
you really think so I I definitely do
because it's so public that's what makes
it different than it's ever been
that's the one benefit of holding it out
is that you can really you know it's a
widely popular bill on both sides with
with the with the American people and so
to the extent that you can hold it out
you can gain some political capital by
doing so now as you suggest there is a
deadline that is fast approaching so you
can only hold it out for so long but
that is the benefit that you know you're
you can increasingly paint the GOP if
you're the Democrats as the party
holding this wildly popular thing up so
recently as recently as yesterday Donald
Trump said if he doesn't get the funding
that he wants for his wall on the
us-mexican border then we'll just have a
government shutdown no let's shut down
the government shut down the government
I feel like and maybe I'm wrong on this
but I feel like that was a perfect
opportunity for Democrats to really hold
the Republicans feet to the fire and say
we're not going to vote in favor of a
spending bill unless there are
protections for daca you have Trump on
the record saying let's shut down the
government let's shut down the
government I holies I hope they shut
down the government thank you so these
exact words
and then also polling indicates that
when the government shutdown happens
they're not blaming Democrats for it
they're blaming Republicans and the
president for it I feel like this is the
perfect opportunity for them to do more
than you know look the seven hour
filibuster as it stands now is
impressive but I feel like other
measures can be taken to force
Republicans to vote on a measure that
would protect these daca recipients
you're right
but when you're in the minority it's
very very difficult to do more than what
they're doing right now which is to
extract some kind of a guarantee that
this is gonna happen and then that's
when they hold their feet to the fire
I'd love for them to be able to do it
I'd love for them not to vote for this
because of that issue one of the things
that mark said is important though is
that there's a popularity to this issue
if America starts to hear that this
issue is causing the shutdown of the
government this issue is gonna be a lot
less popular and that's what happens
it's sort of it's macerates in this in
this sort of stale
you know the stew of people blaming it
for stopping this this government and if
that's the cause of it never be able to
spin it then it's not so popular then
it's tougher to get something done right
now McConnell and Ryan know that it's
popular and by the way this budget bill
goes against the White House so you're
seeing that they can go against their
White House which is also something that
should be noted in it yeah that's that's
an important point of course Trump will
never read this budget he'll get it'll
get explained to him you know on a on a
note card if you'll even read that but
the point is were he to read it he
wouldn't be happy with it because they
they push back essentially and this is
what you're gonna see more of I think
you're gonna see more pushing back on on
a crazy White House occupied by a guy
who doesn't know what he's talking about
why aren't Democrats better at spinning
things because if it is a popular
proposal to provide these protections
for daca recipients which by the way if
you pull Trump supporters specifically
there is
a slim majority that is in favor of
protecting daca recipients believe it or
not so if it is so popular
okay the Republicans might try to spin
it as oh look at the Democrats they're
refusing to fund the government based on
this one issue can't Democrats hit back
and be like well this is an incredibly
popular proposal even your supporters
liked it why are Republicans refusing to
listen to their constituents and
represent what they want they spin it as
you're gonna hold up the whole American
government and you're going to not fund
our entire country's budget just for a
million people who aren't technically
American citizens anyway those are those
are a million people that Americans
actually want to provide protects - you
guys are going against what they want
you are not listening to them you're not
representing them and they say yes we
will take it up but we're not going to
take it up right now in this budget pass
this budget will take it up and you end
up with this kind of stalemate and as
Michael suggests you can increasingly
nudge this daca issue into sort of a
radioactive territory where it doesn't
become as popular as it was you can
dirty it up which is what the with the
Republicans I agree with you I've said
it on this show many times there's so
much better at the messaging there's so
much better at this nasty slimy spin but
if you if those daca recipients who are
by far employed in much greater numbers
than the American people are employed
educated in much bigger numbers than
than the general American populace is if
that group is dirtied up in the way that
Republicans generally dirty things up I
think it'll be it'll be a rough rough
day I mean we'll all regret it well
Speaker Ryan has responded to Nancy
Pelosi through a spokesperson and here's
what he had to say speaker Ryan has
already repeatedly stated we intend to
do a daca and immigration reform bill
one that the president supports the
thing is I don't really know what the
president supports well that's that's a
great point I mean nobody knows what the
president supports they don't know what
his position on this is so which is also
reassuring because it like this spending
bill which the president doesn't support
really if you look at what he said and
what the White House has said like that
it gives Congress the autonomy to do a
dhaka bill and if Mitch McConnell and
Paul Ryan know the popularity of this
issue because they do they know they're
in the minority so they want to get the
spending bill done they want to fund the
Defense Department and Democrats too
they're also I would say strategic
credit don't want to be blamed for
shutting down the Defense Department and
you know keeping our soldiers at home
even though that's obviously you know
ridiculous but that's that that's how it
is spun successfully right or wrong
that's what they do they say they're
holding up the government they're
holding up our defense we are less able
to defend ourselves because of the
shutdown that the Democrats forced now
they have it on Congress so if they have
Ryan and they have McConnell Ryan will
probably try to appease McConnell before
he tries to appease the president so
think the Democrats so we'll see how
this plays out again even though Senate
leaders have agreed on this proposal of
course members of the House need to also
agree on the spending bill we have some
extreme ideology in the house especially
when it comes to those on the right who
feel like this is incredibly
irresponsible with how much government
money aren't said spending is is
involved yeah the deficit created is
enormous if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
