this new week brought along volatility
in the stock market because investors
were concerned that maybe the Fed would
increase interest rates and all of a
sudden they were selling selling stock
and that led to a dip in the market and
then a rise in the market and the
volatility continues now whether or not
you believe we should be concerned about
that is one part of the story but what I
feel is incredibly interesting is what
Trump's response to this volatility has
been now keep in mind that Trump has
been boastful about the stock market
in fact he keeps talking about how the
economy is doing well and usually when
he says that he's focusing primarily on
how well stocks are doing so when the
stock market took a dip we didn't really
hear much from him now the market has
rebounded since then however Trump
didn't really say anything until that
rebound happened and here's what his
tweet indicated in the old days when
good news was reported the stock market
would go up today when good news is
reported the stock market goes down big
mistake and we have so much good in
parentheses great news about the economy
okay
so what's interesting is no it's not
interesting because he's always wrong
but usually when joblessness is down the
unemployment rate is down and when wages
start to increase even if it's a little
bit investors get very nervous and
that's usually when they will sell some
of the stock that they have and protect
some of their earnings and the reason
why they do that is because the Fed
might come in and raise interest rates
in order to mitigate inflation and so no
the stock market yes is tied to the real
economy which is jobs and wages but
overall when jobs and wages do well
investors get panicky right there are a
lot of levers on the economy and the
economy is obviously a complex machine
and a lot of volatility here looks like
it was almost reflecting some kind of
program trading you know because you're
seeing rises and falls of 600 points
but Ana makes a very important point and
it's this and you're going to see more
of it and that's why it's an it's
important to keep it in mind the more
that money supply is increase the more
our deficit runs high and now a trillion
dollars projected on this latest budget
the more money flows into the system the
more inflation is likely to be produced
and to try to mitigate that as anna says
that interest rate rise and the stock
market hates that interest rate rise one
of the reasons we've had this incredible
run is because interest rates are
virtually zero and so they're giving
away this money this is a problem that
we're gonna see more of and and by the
way there are many investors and
economists who thought we're gonna see
that way before but now it seems
unquestionable that this is going to be
an issue because there's just so much
more money entering the system right and
also I wanted to make a quick comment in
regard to wage increases because if you
look at wages overall yes there has been
a small increase in wages but to ability
to credit Trump for that is it's it's
not right and what I mean by that is the
reason why these businesses are
increasing wages is not because of you
know the tax cuts on the wealthy they're
doing it because there are a lot less
people who are looking for jobs at the
moment so there's more competition among
these companies to find employees and in
order to attract employees what do they
do they increase wages and it's not it
certainly has not kept up with inflation
so to say like Oh wages are doing great
is wrong you still have people in
America who are working full-time jobs
and they still can't afford to put food
on the table for their kids we're still
subsidizing some of these corporations
because they refuse to pay their
employees a decent living wage but you
know there are all sorts of things
happening to the economy and what you
see with Trump is that he will
cherry-pick things that work to his
benefit and for a while he was very
boastful about the stock market and now
all of a sudden you see that volatility
volatility and he is responding to it in
a way that really reveals his ignorance
well exactly and it's a wonder
mention away which is exactly what this
president is he's a one-dimensional guy
he he doesn't have an interest and
intellectual curiosity in any way and so
yeah the stock market's an easy thing to
respond to he can read the numbers see
that it's up that far just like he can
look at his portfolio and see that now
that very corrupt portfolio I might add
now is up that much and he can respond
so in this case the Dow is up take
credit douse up again take credit
Dow's down I can't believe it's down how
can you know that and and he puts out
that ridiculous tweet he is he's so
manifestly incompetent unable to
understand this stuff and he doesn't
desire to understand he just wants to
message so yeah one-dimensional tweak
from a one-dimensional guy you just
watch the video by The Young Turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
