Democrats in the House Judiciary
Committee are investigating FEMA and its
inability to grant contracts to
companies that are doing that could do a
decent job in providing disaster relief
to the victims of Hurricane Maria and
Puerto Rico
now the New York Times wrote this
explosive piece indicating that FEMA has
granted contracts to groups of people
and companies that are shady and
questionable to say the least in fact it
profiles the story of Tribute
contracting LLC which was given the task
of delivering 30 million meals to Puerto
Ricans who are suffering from the
ramifications of that storm
well they failed to deliver those meals
in fact they only delivered about tens
of thousands of them before their
contract was terminated so the
Department of Homeland Security has
doled out more than 1 billion dollars in
contracts related to Hurricane Maria so
it's quite a bit of money but a lot of
those contracts went to companies that
haven't done a sufficient job in
fulfilling their role
FEMA taps Tiffany Brown in Atlanta
entrepreneur with no experience in
large-scale disaster relief and at least
five canceled government contracts in
her past
FEMA awarded her 156 million dollars for
the job of delivering these 30 million
meals now you might be wondering okay
what are these other government
contracts that got cancelled and why
would FEMA give her a contract if she's
had problems with the federal government
in the past for cancellations involved
the federal prison system which found
that Tribute failed to deliver meat
bakery cereal and other food products to
various correctional institutions a
fifth termination involved the
government publishing office which
terminated a contract for 3,000 tote
bags after Tribute failed to print the
Marine Corps logo on both sides of the
bags by the way the government
publishing office also noted that she
never sent anything on time she was
always late now I figured that in it
yeah
so I was wondering why give her another
contract too well if your job is to
destroy the government she's actually a
perfect candidate because remember Scott
Pruett sued the epa 14 times to try to
destroy the EPA's
relations they put him in charge of the
EPA Department of Energy Rick Perry said
we shall emanate it comes this Secretary
of Energy on and on and on so here's
another person oh we want to deliver
food no we don't want to destroy
government so let's hire the most
incompetent person we can to do it so so
look I don't I don't blame you for
thinking that way because we know that
Republicans and Republicans are in
charge right now hate government
programs that eight Americans they don't
want our taxpayer money going toward
helping our fellow Americans but this
type of behavior happened during the
Obama administration quite a bit so some
of these contracts due date back to
Obama's administration now just quickly
going back to the issue of Davila
delivering meals to Puerto Ricans
remember her company by the way she is
the only person in that company all she
does is hire subcontractors to do the
work was supposed to deliver the 30
million meals but by the time eighteen
point five million meals were due
tribute had only delivered fifty
thousand the food had been packaged
separately from the pouches used to heat
them FEMA solicitation required
self-heating meals so once they realize
that they weren't packaged the way that
they were supposed to be FEMA was upset
and so they sent her a notice indicating
that they are gonna terminate the
contract the notice indicated do not
ship another meal your contract is
terminated this is a logistical
nightmare mm-hmm so look it's it's just
interesting because again she had five
previous contracts that had been
terminated yes there were other
government organizations it wasn't FEMA
but shouldn't they communicate with one
another and understand that hey maybe
this isn't the right person to hire to
do this job especially to the tune of
millions of dollars one hundred fifty
six million dollars yeah so look the
government needs to do this job
because you're not going to get people
companies set up to just do to do
charity companies are set up to do for
profits though now government can
contract out to companies obviously but
this is
is part of the essential service of the
government yes it is frustrating that
often times the government has a
bureaucracy that doesn't work and if we
were Republicans I'd say well the reason
she didn't do her job under Obama is
because of Trump
that's what Hannity claimed today the
stock market crash under Trump was
because of Obama right okay but we're
actually honest people so no it was
terrible that she didn't deliver under
Obama but but we already knew that so
why hire or again under Trump so that is
deeply frustrating and it doesn't mean
by the way that the government shouldn't
do this that if you are a victim of a
hurricane and you need food the
government shouldn't come to your rescue
it ah yeah does it give you the answer
well we need to do is have government
work better and oftentimes it does but
in this case it clearly did not so what
I'm about to say is pure speculation so
I want to be clear about that this is
just where my mind is kind of going when
it comes to these government contracts
we know that when it comes to government
contracts given to defense contractors
it's because there are campaign
donations involved behind the scenes so
I don't know I haven't investigated this
as far as I know I haven't found any
investigation indicating that people
like Tiffany Brown had contributed some
campaign dollars to politicians which
then led to these contracts but I do
find it strange that she repeatedly gets
these contracts and then fails to
deliver well see a big government small
government where the government should
do it shouldn't do those defense
contractors often build planes that cost
us billions upon billions of dollars
that never work or ships like wise and
their giant boondoggles so if you say
you don't like big government in that
respect I hear you brother
and and it's one thing when you
absolutely need to feed people who are
hungry who are suffering from a natural
disaster it's another thing to build
extra ships and and and planes we didn't
need in the first place
so all the money that all those defense
contractors pocketed and and those a lot
of those planes never when they are in
the first place now the Republican
well look at that now we're unsafe are
we no now we gotta throw more money in
defense spending yeah so look the
correct answer is not small government
or big government it is a government
that is suited for the purposes that it
is addressing and should be addressing
so this is a core function of government
we need to do it better and we need to
have the contractors picked and I could
I totally empathize with and a
speculation on this story because what
what have we seen in the past it isn't
about the size of the government it's
about who's doing the job
why because oftentimes they gave
donations to the politicians so right or
wrong competent or incompetent they're
gonna get the contracts which certainly
applies to the defense contractors as
well and so that is the heart of the
problem oftentimes in this case we know
the the symptom which is that we those
poor people didn't get their food that
they were supposed to maybe somebody
will look into and figure out what was
the root cause of the problem right and
Democrats again in the House Judiciary
Committee are investigating this to
figure out what's going on but I do want
to leave you with one fascinating tidbit
that just you know perfectly sums up
this story in November The Associated
Press found that after Hurricane Maria
FEMA awarded more than 30 million
dollars in contracts for emergency tarps
and plastic sheeting to a company that
never delivered the needed supplies so
that's what's going on if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
