now Republicans in Donald Trump had been
bragging all over television but mainly
on Fox News is certainly on Sean
Hannity's program about how great the
stock market's doing and yes you can
tell the Donald Trump is awesome because
the stock market is up and then on
Friday it plunged significantly lost 666
points
then on Monday things got worse as the
hill explains the Dow Jones Industrial
Average fell more than 1,100 points on
Monday the largest one-day point loss in
its history so all the gains from this
year were wiped out in two days today it
came back up a little bit but has not
recovered all those losses by a long
shot
so overall way down over the last three
days that the markets been up that the
markets been in operation I should say
so now we're gonna go to White House
deputy secretary Hogan Gidley
to try to explain because Trump had been
saying all along that he gets credit for
all this so what do you say now that the
stock market is crashing look I mean
obviously the President did tout the the
stock market but I would I would hardly
say that he focused on it you would
hardly say the Trump focused on it well
alright well let's find out here's
Donald Trump himself we broke a very
very big barrier 25,000 and there were
those that say we wouldn't break 25,000
by the end of the eighth year stock
market is up very very big today the
stock market is way up again today
record stock market prices the stock
market is smashing one record after
another I think that we continued to set
doc market has smashed one record after
another stock market is up almost 50
percent since my election we've said 84
records since my election since my
election we're setting a record
literally all the time
in just this short period of time had
the Democrat won I believe you would
have been down 50% he's hardly focused
on it at all though I can give you
tweets all night long I'll just give you
a couple I like this what I'm about to
read to you because it was before he
even took office
so after his election in December but
he's not even president yet and he
tweeted out the world was gloomy before
I won there was no hope now the market
is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending
is over a trillion dollars all because
of Donald of course now we've shown you
the stock market charts before No
the stock market boomed under Obama and
and you could say hey you know what
wages didn't and that's not a good
indication of the actual economy and I
would agree with you but if you're
talking about the stock market it went
way up under Obama the world was not
gloomy before Donald Trump one does seem
a little gloomy though for the stock
market these last couple of days all
right
he also had tweeted out the fake news
media barely mentions the fact that the
stock market hit just another new record
and that business in the u.s. is booming
but the people know can you imagine if
ou was president and had these numbers
would be the biggest story on earth down
now over 25,000 hardly focuses on inta
stock market one name so all right one
last one down goes from eighteen
thousand five hundred and eighty nine on
November 9th 2016 by the way do you want
to say what it was before Obama took
office cuz Bush had absolutely decimated
it anyway it goes to 25,000 75 today for
a new all-time record jump two thousand
points in the last five weeks record
fastest 1000 point move in history this
is all about the make America great
again agenda jobs jobs jobs 60 trillion
dollars in value created hmm fastest
thousand point move in history he said
about how the stock market had moved up
the Dow Jones had moved up a thousand
points in a year well as I just told you
it moved down 1,100 points in one day so
that would be a little faster
what do Republicans do they take stable
markets and stable economies and they
pump them up to get the very top even
richer and richer
so some hot house market under Bush and
the derivative after derivative they
deregulated the banks
pumped it up grew a bubble and it burst
under Trump massive tax cuts for the
rich and all the deregulation of the
banks again pump it up pump it up the
bubble good gets higher and then bursts
it happens every time
and so that is why I was telling you
guys that it was gonna happen this time
as well and Trump was bragging about how
much value was created well value lost
on Friday and Monday the Dow fell on
Monday alone it fell one thousand one
hundred and seventy five points as a 4.6
percent decline since January 26 7.8
percent drop so that represents nearly
two trillion dollars of paper wealth
gone so what happened to all the
bragging well I'm gonna come back -
Hogan Gidley at a deputy press secretary
for Trump because he's going to end the
interview on an incredibly ironic
statement watch but no question the
president was involved and responsible
for the increase in the stock market but
also in the overall economy which as you
know has been growing at anemic levels
under the Barack Obama administration
first of all that last part is untrue
but what so he deserves credit for the
rise up throughout the year because he
was very involved in that
but the crash know that then he became
uninvolved
it had nothing do with that at all they
say all this with a straight face unreal
you just watched the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
