TYT investigates with with another
breaking news story about Health and
Human Services Secretary Alex azar he
has some conflicts of interests that TYT
investigates has reported on earlier he
of course worked for Eli Lilly which is
a huge drug company azar coming in had
promised that he was gonna lower drug
prices in reality at his former company
he had just counseled to shift drug
prices on to employees rather than
actually lowering them so that was an
earlier story that TYT investigates
broke now let's go to this one by
Jonathan Larson first he explains what a
czar talked about during the
confirmation in his January 9th Senate
confirmation hearing aids are dismissed
the notion that he wanted to impose work
requirements on able-bodied adults so
he's saying look if you're talking about
Medicaid don't worry we're not gonna put
in any conditions that people have to
work if you're sick you're gonna get the
coverage we're not gonna go and test you
to see if you're doing X Y & Z before
you get the coverage because you're sick
after all right interesting all right
well in May 2017 Indiana asked the
agency to let the state impose work
requirements on its Medicaid
beneficiaries a czar traveled on Friday
to Indiana announced their approval for
the waiver what happened I thought you
weren't going to put restrictions on
Medicaid and put work requirements in I
mean his confirmation hearings were not
years ago they were on January nice he
said I'm not going to do that then he
comes in goes of course I'm gonna do
that what kind of an idiot would believe
a Trump nominee so look I'm putting my
opinion into it you can read that
article for yourself down below we'll
have the link in the description box on
YouTube if you're watching there or in
the comment section on Facebook PYT
investigates those objective reporting
and they bothered to follow up on
stories that no one else is following up
on so he's only four years four days I
should say into being the Health and
Human Services Secretary and immediately
he has violated his pledge
to not impose work requirements on
Medicaid so now more on why he might
have approved this waiver request from
Indiana Hayes are the former head of Eli
Lilly's US subsidiary sat on the HMS
Board of Directors from October 2016 to
November 2017 when President Trump
nominated him to run Health and Human
Services hms was that that company that
he was on the board of well they might
have a dog in this fight first let me
give you the financial implications
potentially for a czar at the time a
czar stepped down from the company HMS
he reported having between a hundred and
fifteen thousand and three hundred
thousand dollars worth of HMS stock and
stock options so now when TYT
investigates asked Health and Human
Services they say no no he's already
sold that stock he's divested himself
now we've heard that before from the
Trump administration come to find out
later that wasn't necessarily the case
but in this case they say that he did
but remember the revolving door you work
for one company uh and then you go into
a government office you do a world of
favors for that company you come out of
government service service and you work
for that same company or another company
in that industry or is there lobbyists
and you get paid millions of dollars
that's usually how this game is played
so but let's be fair does HMS have
anything at stake here if Indiana is
granted that waiver and all of a sudden
there's a new requirement to get
Medicaid well Indiana's Medicaid website
named at HMS as a subcontractor that
audits Medicaid payments the contract
took effect last summer and last through
June of 2021 it does not name HMS but
says the audit subcontractor will
receive thirteen percent of recovered
funds as compensation so if you are
eliminated from getting Medicaid because
you didn't meet their new work
requirements
HMS goes to recover that money or
subcontractors like HMS and they are
listed as one of the subcontractors and
they get to keep thirteen percent of the
money that they recovered from you like
giving that money back from
money you got because you were sick so
they'll chase you down and then take it
part of the proceeds HMS has lobbied to
have other states do this as well and
they would directly benefit from those
decisions so yet another Trump nominee
helping one of his former companies gain
more financially from the decisions that
he is making look TYT investigates
points out the facts my opinion will not
be surprising that I am adding on top of
the story which is that they are not
getting rid of the swamp they're
building the swamp they're adding to the
swamp guys like Alex azar are the swamp
so of course he's gonna do favors for
his former company because the entire
administration is built on the premise
of corruption and here it is another
case where that corruption is exposed if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com / joy
