well over the unchurched jane coober ana
kasparian with you guys
progressive victory tonight we've
already had it and in fact we already
celebrated with Bernie Sanders we had an
interview with him earlier in the day
we're going to show you a clip from that
interview later in this program so have
I mentioned that members get everything
and if you are a member
don't miss the postgame today I am going
to go off whoo if you are a woman
especially I think you're gonna enjoy
the postgame no ya t y-t-dot-com /join
okay so like I said a little bit portion
of the Bernie Sanders interview later
that I conducted earlier today gives us
about a great victory for American
workers they and against the literally
the richest man in the world they said
he couldn't do it but he did do it and a
huge shout out to wrote khanna as well
so we'll talk about that later okay
Donald Trump it turns out I was wrong I
had always said that he got 40 to 200
million dollars from his parents and
sometimes that would winking Lee use the
two hundred million dollar number wrong
will tell you what he actually got from
his parents and whether it was
ill-begotten later in the program that's
a devastating story okay but you know
what we're filled to the room with
devastating stories today so without
further ado ana kasparian
all right let's do it in a breaking
story yesterday there was a report
indicating that Brett Kavanaugh had
specifically reached out to former Yale
students in an effort to debunk Debora
Ramirez's allegations prior to the New
Yorker story being published now keep in
mind that he reached out to them and we
know this through text messages prior to
the New Yorkers story being published
that's a relevant fact okay now with
that being said I just want to quickly
give you the details of those text
messages what those messages contained
and then talk about how there is Evan
of perjury that's a serious problem and
the utter hypocrisy coming from
Republicans on this very issue now in
the days leading up to a public
allegation that Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh exposed himself to a
college classmate Deborah Ramirez the
judge and his team were communicating
behind the scenes with friends to refute
the claim texts between a woman by the
name of Carrie Birkin and Karen year
Savage both Friends of Cavanaugh suggest
that the nominee was personally talking
with former classmates about Ramirez a
story in advance of the New Yorker
article that made her allegation public
so Burke him did speak to the press
about this and the main reason why she
spoke to the press about it was because
she was trying to get these text
messages to the FBI as part of their
investigation but she was having trouble
getting to them she was having trouble
submitting this evidence to them or
getting a response back so Burcham says
in her memo to the FBI the Cavanaugh
and/or his friends may have initiated an
anticipatory narrative as early as July
to conceal or discredit Ramirez so I
want to be clear about something here
his testimony was on September 25th the
New Yorker article was on September 23rd
mm-hmm the text messages at least some
of them are very clearly from September
22nd before the New Yorker article comes
out Cavanaugh is reaching out the
classmates at Yale trying to get them to
side with him instead of Ramirez so that
is going to be enormous ly relevant to
the perjury now but as Ana just told you
they actually apparently knew this for
months on end some of this trying to
discredit his accusers goes back to July
which is goes to a question we've been
asking that I really haven't seen almost
anywhere else okay so this word Kavanagh
nude and that's devastating and I was
led to believe by Republicans perjury is
monumentally important important and our
impeachment grounds but who else knew
did the Republican senators though and
that's a very good question
there's references to Bret's team who
was on Bret's team that include people
talking to the Republican senators who
might have known about these allegations
for months
not well and to be fair it's not that
they didn't do anything about him
apparently they were busy behind the
scenes so at least some people were
trying to discredit the women who they
knew would be coming forward I would
like to know why Mitch McConnell wanted
to dissuade Donald Trump from choosing
Brett Kavanaugh as as the Supreme Court
nominee now the media reports at the
time argued that McConnell wanted to
dissuade Trump because he was very
concerned that Cavanaugh had an
extensive record and there were too many
documents to go through and that it
would just take too long and he was
concerned documents really that's what
Mitch McConnell was concerned about and
we know what were in his previous
decisions as an appellate judge we know
all of that and none of it was out of
the ordinary in regard to what a
conservative judge would decide or do so
why did Mitch McConnell want to dissuade
Trump I thought that that was strange
and given what we know now I I would
suspect that McConnell knew that there
were other issues involving Cavanaugh
now with that said though we now have
evidence indicating that Cavanaugh knew
about Debora Ramirez's allegations prior
to the publication of that New Yorker
piece now when Orrin Hatch senator Orrin
Hatch asked Kavanaugh about Debora
Ramirez's allegations
it appears that Kavanagh lied under oath
and we have evidence of that so let's
take a look at the first video again
this is senator Orrin Hatch speaking to
Kavanaugh during the hearing when did
you first hear of mr. Ramirez's
allegations against you in the last in a
period since then the New Yorker story
did the ranking member or any of her
colleagues or any of their staffs ask
you about mr. Ramirez allegations before
they were leaked to the press no oh it's
fascinating it appears that he lied
there yeah that's a clear light there so
look I think it's a super clear lie that
Devil's Triangle is a drink
and all the other things that he clearly
to any rational human being is not
telling the truth about when it came to
all of his descriptions of what he did
in high school in college but there's a
you can make an argument you say well
maybe is some really rare places that
was triangle might not mean what it
means everywhere else in the country but
in that little cave or village it means
a drinking game okay but I never heard
about it until the New Yorker article
and I have text weed now the FBI is in
possession of text messages from before
the New Yorker article where he's
talking about the Ramirez allegations
that is a stone-cold lie perjury
indisputable and I also want to be clear
about something else
the former classmates who are now coming
forward are doing so reluctantly in fact
they did not want to get involved in any
of this until after they saw the hearing
and they saw the way Brett Kavanaugh
presented himself and argued that this
is nothing more than a witch hunt you
know he argued that this is a smear
campaign and that he was a great choir
boy when he was a you know younger that
he didn't do anything out of the
ordinary it appears that he did and
that's the reason why these individuals
are coming out and they're providing
this evidence for the FBI investigation
and they're being clear in that they
don't know whether or not he actually
committed you know these sexual assaults
that he's been accused of but they do
feel that it's their duty to give the
FBI whatever information they have so
the right conclusion can be drawn from
that and Kavanaugh is serial life and it
definitely makes me question whether he
lied about the underlying allegations
because he doesn't have to lie about any
of this so a man in his position could
easily say yeah I had heard rumors that
the New Yorker was looking into a piece
about Ramirez and I know I didn't do
anything with a Ramirez so I went to all
my friends and said do you guys remember
anything like this and I try to get
witnesses now some people are saying you
know witness tampering this is not a
trial so
I'm not sure that I agree with that
charge besides what you could say your
team did it maybe you should have had
your team do it but that you didn't
personally do it that part to me is not
important what's important is the
gratuitous lies the lies that don't need
to happen I like beer but I didn't I
never drank too much every person who
knows you thought you drank too much and
and there's nothing ostensibly terribly
wrong about somebody drinking too much
in college or high school as long as you
didn't do anything terrible when you
were that drunk but when you try to
cover everything up it leads me to
believe that you're trying to cover
something bigger up otherwise there's no
reason to lie about things that are
relatively innocuous like draining too
much beer who cares
so look aside from disagreements about
politics you know my number one issue
with Cavanaugh was the fact that it
appeared that he and Republicans were
trying to avoid the investigation but
once the agreement happened and the
investigation was gonna take place I
mean I don't know if he's guilty or not
and I feel extremely uncomfortable you
know making a firm judgment on that
until we have all the facts in front of
us but now even if the FBI doesn't find
anything in regard to those allegations
either proving or disproving it the
bigger issue would be the fact that he
consistently lied throughout that
hearing and that is serious because he
is under oath and remember if he gets
confirmed he is going to be at the
highest level of our justice system he
will be a Supreme Court judge Supreme
Court justice and so are we comfortable
with someone who just flat-out lies like
that making decisions defending our
Constitution I don't know I I personally
wouldn't be and you know who else
wouldn't be Lindsey Graham so let's take
a look at what Lindsey Graham had to say
about lying under oath back in 1999 I
have argued to you that when you found
that a judge was a perjurer you couldn't
in good conscience send him back in a
courtroom because everybody that came in
that courtroom thereafter
would have a real serious doubt I will
argue to you that when you find this
president guilty of perjury if you do
that he has violated his oath
and that by a consequence of that some
public trust has been lost I totally
agree with him on that I just wish that
he would apply that same standard to
Supreme Court nominees on the Republican
side if a federal judge is found to be
lying you've lost you've lost trust in
him he's got to go Lindsey Graham there
was arguing for the impeachment of
President Bill Clinton because he told a
lie
now we clearly have Kavanaugh lying
about the text here no question about it
so Lindsey Graham are you a man of your
word I know you like to get all worked
up about principles well here's a
principle you say I didn't say you said
it all right so are you gonna take
action on it by the way Cavanaugh is a
weird liar and so if if Graham was
worried about lies that Clinton told
about a consensual affair that Bill
Clinton had way to get a lot of
Cavanaugh so what why do I say he's a
weird liar so in the case of Ramirez
they were at a wedding together and his
team worked hard to get a picture of
them together at the wedding presumably
to use as evidence of well here she is
standing next to them and and and
they're all fine right and so and they
got that picture so now it doesn't show
any real thing when you show it to you
here it's they're very distant and the
woman who actually have that photo so I
just actually show to you it's a graphic
seven right and the woman who's telling
us about this is standing next to
Ramirez who's circled there on the left
and and she's saying that he she
basically hung clung on to her the whole
night and didn't want to go into your
cabin or his friends but that's not the
relevant part to me at least in this
context the relevant part is that when
Cavanaugh was asked if he had been at a
wedding with her he said probably no but
wait a minute why do you say that you
know you were at the wedding with her
you tried to get the picture of you and
her at the wedding together you're
perfectly aware of that why would you
say probably
he then went on to say I'm sure I saw
her because it wasn't a huge wedding but
that he doesn't have any specific
recollection that is a weird lie man you
you have
the picture of you and her at the
wedding I would say yeah I was at the
wedding with her oh yeah I remember
being at the wedding that I don't
remember much beyond that but no no even
that he's got a lie about now there's
something wrong with this guy and so we
came in with an open mind every day
evidence mounts that he has been lying
all throughout so far there's been no
evidence that dr. Blasi Ford is lied so
this is if it was a mystery that mystery
is becoming less and less interesting
every day one side has been shown to lie
over and over and over again and the
other has had their story corroborated
not only by other people who talk about
the other details nothing about the
assault because that was in a room with
just Cavanaugh judging and Ford at the
time but but every other detail she's
given even corroborated by Brent
Cavanaugh's own calendar so it's
becoming a no contest as to who's lying
and who's telling the truth and and
again on the issue of the text that
there can be no reasonable argument
otherwise and Lindsey Graham I'm sure is
not only saying pull the nomination but
impeach Cavanaugh right right Lindsey
because I know you claim you're a man of
your word well Lindsey Graham maintains
that these accusations against Brett
Kavanaugh are nothing more than politics
the left trying to smear him in fact I
want to just quickly remind you of the
meltdown that Senator Graham had during
the hearing involving Brett Kavanaugh
and dr. Blasi Ford it's like a quick
look at that what you want to do is
destroy this guy's life hold his feet
open and hope you win in 2020 you said
that not me I would never do to them
what you've done to this guy this is the
most unethical sham since I've been in
politics boy y'all want power god I hope
you never get it I hope the American
people can see through this sham you're
looking for a fair process you came to
the wrong town at the wrong time my
friend now remember he's accusing
Democrats of playing politics and I
think to some extent there are politics
involved which is why I want to make
sure
we stick to the facts and not allow any
narrative to take control or take hold
of what we think right let's stick to
the evidence that we have in front of us
but Lindsey Graham you know it's rich to
hear him talk about politics and how you
know Democrats are trying to block
Cavanaugh because of politics
remember Merrick garland remember the
fact that Obama nominates a Supreme
Court justice and Republicans blocked
him due to politics and we have evidence
of that as well Lindsey Graham at the
time had tweeted a video following his
first meeting with Garland and here's
what he had to say just had a good
meeting with judge garland he's honest
and capable his reputations beyond
reproach I've told him that I believe
that the the Scalia vacancy should be
filled by the next president we're well
into the nominating process I think
that's best for the court I think that's
best for the country let the voters have
a say about who they'd like to be the
next primo justice yeah we we we really
like garland but um we're gonna wait
over a year until Republicans have some
control and then we'll make a decision
Lindsey Graham was outraged that we
would wait one more week to do an FBI
investigation they waited 14 months on
Merrick garland and now Lindsey Graham
thinks there's politics being played in
this town he's just shocked shocked by
it when he's on record saying oh the
other judge was great we just blocked
him because we wanted to because we
wanted to play politics his excuse of
the time was let the American people
decide in the next election Lindsey I
had a great news for you there's an
election coming up in 34 days so we can
just wait and let the American people
decide you know what you guys have a
huge advantage in the Senate and not not
in the numbers you're at 51 but most of
the people that are up for election this
time around the Senate are Democrats and
every political pundit has said for a
long time that you guys are likely to
keep the Senate why don't we let the
American people decide that's your
standard Lizzie I thought you've got
principles Lindsey I thought you were
super mad about people not holding up
their own principles by the way that
video was shot in April of 2016 as we
all know the
took place in November so they were
fighting aggressively to block judge
Merrick garland from his confirmation
hearings and they succeeded in that and
you know who bragged about it Mitch
McConnell take a look one of my proudest
moments is when I looked at Barack Obama
in the eye and I said mr. president you
will not fill the Supreme Court vacancy
okay but all of a sudden there's
politics in this establishment no one it
knows so what was Lindsey Graham mad
about he's not mad about perjury okay
and he's not mad about politics and we
know that he's an absolute by the way
Lindsey Graham let me just be clear
you're a fraud and you're a sham that's
what you are getting all huffy about
things that you did a thousand times
worse okay so what are they upset about
if they're not upset about those things
I don't think he's an actor I think he
was genuinely upset what's he upset
about how dare you people look into our
past we're all so goddamn angry that you
would ever look into our past and the
things that we have done to other people
how dare you it's personal for Lindsey
Graham I wonder why it's personal for a
lot of those old men up there and and
they do not want anybody going back and
looking at what they might have done
that's why they're so emotional about it
that's why you've got a lot of this and
a lot of and all those faces that they
put forward
it ain't about principles that's nothing
but a lie
it's about hey whatever you do don't
look in my closet don't look you know
anywhere where you might find the
skeletons I've buried so and that's what
the in a sense the whole movement is
about is finding out what went wrong so
that we can make sure that we don't put
those people back in charge in the most
powerful places in this country and they
do not want to let go of their power
under any circumstance no matter what
they've done we got to take a break when
we come back another former student who
knows Brett Kavanaugh well disclosed a
bar fight that Cavanaugh was
involved in and some of those details
are pretty relevant we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT comm slash joined today in
the meantime enjoy this free sign all
right back on a young turks let's go to
the comments section Gabi Morita says
this is the members comments there are
two types of postgame shows that I
absolutely love
when Jiang tells us stories about his
adventures with Kiki Kat and more
importantly number two when Anna gets
righteous and goes off on a topic that
is boiling or blood yeah can't wait okay
okay
tyg becomes less joy to become a member
we'll check that thermometer a little
bit later so that you can get those
post-games the liberal mom writes in
also member so now Cavanaugh got into a
bar fight after a ub40 concert we're
gonna tell you about that in a second
and apparently he was drinking too much
red red wine is that ub40 yes that song
it reminds me of my childhood
yeah and bar fights that's right
liberal mom ends by saying the mom jokes
will be here all night folks
I appreciate that liberal mom last one
from the member section J Magglio writes
in the Republicans know they're going to
lose this midterm election they're going
to vote Cavanaugh in getting a
conservative Supreme Court for two
decades is way more important than
controlling Congress for two years
unfortunately there's a lot of truth to
that and it might be three or four
decades so they think yeah short term
victory for the Democrats even if we get
killed in this election long term
victory for us and last ones YouTube
super chat left his best rights in let's
not forget Kavanagh is a federal judge
already if he lied to the Senate as a
judge he needs to be removed and so that
goes to Sheldon Whitehouse I believe it
was that said I don't care what happens
we're gonna chase him down to the end of
the earth
if it turns out that we can prove that
he's lying we will come back to this
issue after the elections and and we
will keep going until we have the truth
look at the Democrats being strong
what's happening I know it's a weird
world about we're not used to it I think
they've been watching The Young Turks
well obviously all right what's next
okay a former classmate of Brett
Cavanaugh's has decided to come forward
with a story involving Cavanaugh and an
individual that he engaged in a bar
fight with now this is a Yale Yale
student former Yale student who did not
want to initially come forward but he
says that after hearing Kavanagh
minimized his drinking habits and his
behavior when he was a college student
he felt that he needed to share the
details of this story with the public so
his name is Charles Lud again and he was
a former Yale University basketball
player and he is scheduled to meet with
the FBI and talk about what he knows and
he will discuss Cavanaugh's alleged role
in instigating a bar fight more than
three decades ago now he did speak to
Chris Cuomo on CNN and so I don't want
to put words in his mouth let's hear
what he has to say about this bar fight
Chris Dudley and Brett Kavanaugh and I
went to a ub40 concert they were a
popular reggae band of the 1980s so
after the concert we went to a bar
called emery's and we were drinking and
I assume beer but and at some point we
looked over at this fellow who looked
very similar to the lead singer of you
before he got in a Lee Campbell well he
saw us looking at him and didn't like
the fact that we were looking at them so
he said something like you know what the
hell are you looking at
and I said we just thought you were the
the lead singer of ub40 and he said
something I'm fairly aggressive frankly
you know I'm not and screw off or
something to that degree and at that
point Brett took umbrage at this and
threw his beer at the guy I actually now
found out from her the report that
wasn't beer that I had misremembered it
was uh ice cubes and whatever the drink
was that he was drinking and well the
fellow boss says yeah Bret Bret said you
or something to that effect and through
the through the ice at the guy and the
guy understandably even though he had
been aggressive in his response found
that was a little one step too far so he
took a swing at Bret and then they were
kind of and you know two guys fighting
that was all very quick and then I'm at
that point Chris Dudley who had his
drink in his hand proceeded to smash it
up against the guy's head I'm gonna just
make Cuomo's face every time you talk
from now so he did accidentally curse on
air by the way part of the reason for
Cuomo's face but it to be fair he had a
face throughout all right so to the
substance now look guys if you're
wondering why are we talking about this
bar fight from when they were in college
it's a really good reason why and a lot
of people are gonna get misled because
the there's a lot of propaganda out
there now they're judging the guy for a
fight he got into when he was in college
no we're not no we're not I've gotten
into bar fights and was it over stupid
stuff like that yes oh where does it bar
fight over something intelligent it's
just a quick side note um don't call
women and I know you don't but don't
call women overly emotional and
irrational ever again like women don't
engage in random bar fights ever ever
well maybe sometimes they do yeah but
but guys do more yes and we do get a
little emotional when somebody says
screw off or whatever right sorry I know
it's so silly but we were all kids were
all young we are a lot of testosterone
etc right so that's not the issue guys
the issue is that Cavanaugh is a weird
liar
he keeps saying look I never drank to
excess look I I didn't even drink till I
was 22 but if you ask me did you ever
drink too much the answer is
oh yes yes I've drank too much on many
occasions right I remember after the bar
exam
you know leaning over a gutter thousand
examples so can you write but Diskin
open oh I was he literally said that he
was a choir boy in the Fox News
interview and that actually set off some
of his classmates there like you were a
choir boy did that guy Chad Lonnie mean
that you just saw it was one of his
friends they went to the concert
together they apparently drank some read
read why together I got that from a
viewer okay hey here's our gonna do
liberal mom okay and and so they were
all playing Chris Dudley is a former NBA
player and and Dudley Zagat know
everything was fine Brett never drank to
excess and Chad the guy you just saw was
like I'm done with Chris too he's like
what are you lying for of course we
drank too much look the reason why
Cavanaugh is lying about drinking too
much is because he doesn't want anyone
to make the argument that he could have
done what he was accused of doing after
blacking out while drunk right and so
that's why he minimizes his drinking but
we now know based on the accounts of
several people who went to school with
him that he did drink he drank a lot and
by the way I don't think it's a small
thing to throw a cup of ice at someone
the police report indicates that the
individual they threw the that he threw
the ice at was bleeding okay so that's
assault anyone else you're talking about
you know and by the way we're not
obviously he's not facing a criminal
investigation for that but it's not just
a small thing it shows that his behavior
when he was younger
is not how he described it during his
hearing
okay I'm super biased cuz I've thrown
things at people if you were you know up
for a lifetime appointment as a Supreme
Court justice even you someone
no personally and I admire quite a bit I
would be like no homeboys lying I don't
know why he's no but I wouldn't lie
about it right I mean that's why I just
told you right now so at my supreme
court hearings you will see this tape
and I won't lie about it okay anyway to
be fair to Cavanaugh the guy didn't get
cut from the ice so he throws ice at him
then they get into a fight then his
buddy Chris Dudley who's the star
basketball player at Yale the time comes
into the fight takes in classes smashes
it against the guy's face the guys
bleeding from that Dudley's hand got cut
and was also bleeding and they were
worried about his career and maybe it
did affect his career and that's why he
sucks for all those years anyone who is
a basketball fan knows that Chris Dudley
was paid more to suck than anyone in NBA
history okay so anyway that's a random
note so bottom line is you could easily
say all these things and I've drank to
excess on occasions and I never blacked
out so you can say hey okay I drank
plenty but I never blacked out it's not
that hard but his instinct his go-to
moved Cavanaugh in almost every one of
these stories is life first
pretend you're a super choirboy all I
ever did was work out and have beers and
my daddy it was one of the funnier parts
I thought his dad was dead okay the way
that he was speaking about his dad did
you see that he said my daddy used to
take good notes I love my dad I was like
I got all worked up I got a little
emotional at that I talked about on day
one and it turns out I wasn't alone
everybody assumed his dad was said whose
dad was right behind him Pavan Austin
yeah Kevin knows dad is not dead he was
right behind him in the earrings know
loving your dad that's a great thing
that's why you know there was a part of
that opening statement that I empathize
with and and then I made clear on day
one but this is now 18 lies too many
and there's another Yale classmate
Richard Unger it was like him a choirboy
no no no he's like look we went to deke
and I'm deke was also a party friend of
my school and he's like we drank we
drank heavily pretending that we didn't
drink heavily is insanity I don't know
why he's lying about that who I know
well I'm gonna move on and we're gonna
go to a trump rally we're gonna go
together Emma's gonna take us there so
let's move on to that story our very own
Emma big Lind went to yet another Trump
rally and she wanted to ask the Trump
supporters what they think about this
hole that Brett Kavanaugh case do they
believe the accusations could there
possibly be some credibility to the
accusations and without giving too much
away let's take a look at the first
video and see what they had to say Brett
Kavanaugh what do you think of the
allegations of this accuser false I
think he is a good guy and I don't think
it's he said she said and I believe him
so what about the accusations against
Bill Clinton because there have been
numerous just like Kavanagh he's guilty
he's guilty then there's proof that he's
guilty so why is yeah what's the proof
versus Cavanaugh we got that blue dress
and then we have wanita Broderick and
she had proof that it was him so there's
the proof but you know Monica Lewinsky
maintains it was consensual even though
she was kind of coerced into it well she
could say what she wants if you get paid
enough he'll say anything that I did not
have sexual relationship with that woman
he lied under oath as the sitting
president not happening it should not
have happened so I'm just drawing the
comparison because obviously there have
been multiple accusations against
Cavanaugh as well what do you think is
different about those I think personally
because he's on the Republican side and
is a witch hunt
they're amazing they are amazing so like
if you asked me did bill couldn't lie
yeah of course he liked right and so
they went to look after a real estate
deal they actually would did a witch
hunt and got into his personal sex life
for reasons that no one even remembers
anymore they were supposed to be talking
about a whitewater land deal in Arkansas
how did we get to the blue dress from
there anyway they went and they're like
dig dig dig who cares who cares he
didn't do the Arkansas thing at the end
Ken Starr said he didn't do it who cares
we got him on something else we wanted
to get him when we got him right now
okay but you did he did lie right now
because we live in the reality-based
world
okay but Cavanaugh's also appears to be
lying not appears we now know and maybe
they don't know every detail to be fair
to them right what you guys saw those
that testimony why is it your gut
instinct is if he's a Republican he's
telling the truth he's our honorable
banner a wonderful person he said that
liar he's lying about him Bill Clinton I
hate him he's a Democrat okay the blue
dress Monica Lewinsky is warming and
it's consensual Cavanaugh's was not
consensual giant difference right but
one eater Broderick okay you say that
was like consensual but she doesn't have
a blue dress she doesn't there was no
evidence why do you think by
automatically believe Juanita Broderick
but you don't believe Blasi Ford why
politics period so by the way I thought
after I watched that I don't
automatically think oh there Trump
supporters I'm not gonna take them
seriously the first thing that came to
my mind was oh wait a minute maybe
there's something I missed so let me go
back and look at the Broderick
accusations and see if there was any
evidence or something that could
potentially lead to evidence and guess
what I found no evidence now does that
mean that her accusations were 100%
false no it doesn't mean that right but
there was no evidence in fact back in
1999 1997 Juanita Broderick signed an
affidavit sworn affidavit saying that
that there was no unwanted advances from
Bill Clinton five years later I'm sorry
one year later she came out and said no
no I'm going to recant that okay but so
did he or did he not anyway my point is
there was no evidence and why don't we
compare apples to apples when it comes
to lying so Bill Clinton did lie he said
he had he did not have sexual relations
with Monica Lewinsky we know that that's
a lie and that's unacceptable so I agree
with her on that but please spare me the
crocodile tears about Oh Bill Clinton
lied and he was wrong for that you have
a president now who lies on literally a
daily basis every single day he paid off
an adult actress prior to the election
and lied about it on multiple occasions
just admit it
you don't care about the lie you just
don't care
so please stop it ironically you're
lying
you know Trump's a liar you know he's a
serial liar a pathological liar he said
he didn't have sex with to this day he
maintains he didn't have sex with stormy
Daniels then he just randomly paid her
one hundred thirty thousand dollars for
a made-up story that that he didn't do
do you believe that he by the way had
said earlier that he didn't pay her off
then he said he did pay her off so
approve a lot proven lied we have the
evidence
oh no Trump's a good man get the hell
out of here all you care about is
politics and so you've been brainwashed
etc and look if we try to have a
consistent standard but maybe we're
suckers you know because they don't play
by the same rules they don't care about
the rules they just don't give a damn
they're like that's my team I wear a red
hat and that stands for my team I don't
give it a goddamn what Trump is done or
Cavanaugh has done or what they who they
have sexually assaulted over and over
and the millions Eliza's they ordered
like literally dozens in the case of
Trump hundreds of lies that they have
told your guy told one lie about a
consensual affair are you dirty immoral
people you stay in the office stay in
the office are you kidding me okay so we
have one more video and I do encourage
you to watch the full video and we will
link to it in the description box below
Emma does a great job at these rallies
and you should watch those videos let's
take a look at the next one even if
something did happen you know he would
have been 17 years old he would have
been a juvenile and she was 15 she was a
juvenile why are they at a house
drinking beer in the first place I would
not allow my daughters to go out in
those situations and nor my sons another
question is where was all her family
where was all her support her husband
wanting her her mother what now her
father wasn't there or were her children
without me at the hearing yeah it's a
hearing you know come on why do you need
to see her family at the hearing how is
that relevant at all to this
conversation
I mean it's pathetic but anyway I just
want to quickly address the first guy in
that video who essentially blamed dr.
Blasi Ford for being at that party in
the first place and then followed that
by saying I wouldn't let my daughter or
my son go to a party like that I have
news for you your daughter or your son
or whatever children you have are going
to go behind your back and do things
that you are not going to want them to
do and if something bad happens to them
I sure hope that you're not going to
turn around and blame them for something
terrible that someone else has done to
them okay
yeah some chances kids are at that party
while he's at the Trump house okay
really you're positive you know where
your teenage kids are at all times I
mean to turn around and blame her
parents now after all these years so let
me get this right though because I just
want to understand his logic so the guy
who attempted the rape and covered her
mouth and turned up the radio and tried
to rip her clothes off not guilty
her parents who didn't realize that she
wasn't at the pool but was that a party
or the ones that are guilty like we
should judge them but we should not
judge the guy trying to rip her clothes
off I just want to be clear because he
did say in the beginning even if he did
do it it's really it's so discouraging
to see this stuff and and to also
experience people on social media just
constantly smearing the accusers before
they know the facts and but when I say
smearing smearing them as as sluts as
whores I mean you see it all over the
place and it's it's really sad it's sad
to see people turn individuals in
positions of extreme privilege into
victims because that is not what's
happening here now because it's personal
and it's actually more depressing than
that because there's real inexplicable
anger in first of all go on any social
media right go in the comments section
of this video you'll see it you'll see
it in every video we do about cab
and and go on your own social media and
you'll see it there's this visceral
reaction alright her fault she's a liar
she's this she's that I based on what
evidence
it's not about evidence it's not about
logic it's about their feelings and
their feelings are maybe I did something
similar and I don't want you looking
into my life so I'm gonna call you a
liar and I'm gonna make this personal so
that's what I see from Lindsey Graham
that's what I see from a lot of the
comments in the social media it's not
usually
she's a lying whore whatever they said
that they said a thousand different ways
it's not usually followed up by and let
me give you the evidence and here's my
evidence against dr. Blasi Ford and my
evidence in favor of count no it's just
about their feelings and their feelings
got hurt because one man might actually
be held to account for what he did to a
woman let's take a break when we come
back I will show you clearer evidence of
how Trump treats women especially female
reporters and how the White House tries
to cover it up
