President Trump today called for what he
sees as an alleged law breaker to be
quote stumped unquote the law breaker is
a Democratic lawmaker congressman Adam
shrimp accused by the president of
leaking and who wants to release his
party's response to the so-called Nunez
memo but everything we need to
understand about the full implications
of the Nunez memo can be divined from
two facts we already have the Nunez memo
of course was created by Devin Nunez
chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee primarily to challenge the
integrity of a warrant the FBI got to
investigate Carter page a trump campaign
adviser the memos released on Friday
dominated America's national discourse
over the weekend and will echo loudly
for weeks to come but too revealing
facts should shape how we hear those
echoes fact one on Friday chairman Nunez
revealed that he did not read the FBI's
warrant application before issuing his
memo which was about that warrant
application did you write it myself trey
gowdy our two investigators and then
obviously checked by the lawyers and the
rest of our committee members did you
read the actual Phi sub applications
no I didn't fact to the Washington Post
reported that President declared himself
vindicated by the Nunez memo without
actually reading the Nunez memo so Nunez
didn't read the warrant application his
memo was about and then President Trump
did not read the Nunez memo about the
warrant application that Nunez had not
read why are these two facts so
important to understanding all of this
because whatever role Russia played in
the election Russia is not the most
serious threat here
at worst Russian propaganda is a virus
and if we no longer even read the stuff
our decisions are supposed to be based
on we're no longer able to inoculate
ourselves against any propaganda and
then it won't matter if we stop the
Russians will get played by anyone China
you can be sure as watching extremists
on our own soil of figuring out how to
play us against each other if all we
care about is tribalism and it's already
happening on Saturday a new poll found
that only 38 percent of Republicans now
have a favorable view of the FBI that's
America's law & order' party turning on
the premiere federal law enforcement
agency now the irony is we are supposed
to be skeptical of the FBI we're
supposed to be skeptical of all power
I'm old enough to remember when
Republicans applauded law enforcement
for bias against his targets but the
answer to paranoia about the FBI is not
blind allegiance to the FBI
remember Republican politicians stood by
the FBI
through its assaults on mark dr. Martin
Luther King jr. they stood by the FBI
through wholesale targeting of Muslims
and the agency's unseemly interest in
everyone from Occupy Wall Street to
black lives matter only now is FBI
overreach quote unquote a concern
Russia didn't do that we did and yes
without trying to strike any false
equivalency to varying degrees both
sides to this some on both sides anyway
some said the nez memo revealed treason
some said releasing it was treason each
side so invested in the evil of the
other that it merits any measure against
them justify as any shortcut now to give
you an example what we caught from that
new net
soundbite here's what we didn't play
earlier when we explained why he didn't
read the warrant application did you
read the actual Phi sub applications
no I didn't the and this has been one of
these bogus news stories that have been
put out so the agreement we made with
the Department of Justice was to create
a reading room and allow one member to
investigators to go over and review the
documents I thought the best person on
our committee would be the chairman of
the Oversight Committee trey Gowdy who
has a long career as a federal
prosecutor to go and do this that's a
fair point
when we obliged by the duties of
journalism or just good citizenship to
admit if you oppose President Trump it
may not feel good but conceding a point
does not mean conceding moral
high-ground
it means we defend the process the
American process of debate and
disagreement to eventually reach
consensus and we need that spirit now
more than ever because sooner says more
members are coming about more American
institutions not just the FBI and it's
high time we remember how we deal with
this with the tantalizing promise of
documents that will prove us right from
McCarthy's list of communists to Barack
Obama's birth certificate or Hillary
Clinton's emails we've all too often
fallen for the promise of a magic
revelation and lately it's taken us too
long to wake up to those false promises
to recognize that these promises carry
so much more weight in their absence
their anticipation than in their actual
release if nature abhors a vacuum it's
too often our nature to fill it with
self-serving speculation we have become
so confident in our ability to cherry
pick and read without context that the
president can now say anything certain
that his tribe can misinterpret any
evidence in his favor no matter how
flimsy or damning this has offered him
to strike at our institutions that free
press Congress the courts of culture
painting any that stand against him as
disloyal a threat to his power and
therefore a threat to the nation as he
makes the argument and he's done more
than that he has degraded the defining
character of the American project the
virtue of institutions engineered to
stand against him which is to say to
stand against power our system of checks
and balances the president has let
Americans to hate in many ways to hate
truly what makes America great poisoning
the core of American principle that the
system is supposed to be adversarial
it's designed to motivate people within
our various institutions to counter it
questioned other institutions checks and
balances if we now reject that if we
turn a blind eye to those real American
values then Russia or China can just sit
back and watch
because whatever damage they might
inflict upon us will be dwarfed by what
we do to ourselves
