this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm in a breaking story
yesterday there was a report indicating
that Brett Kavanaugh had specifically
reached out to former Yale students in
an effort to debunk Deborah Ramirez his
allegations prior to the New Yorker
story being published now keep in mind
that he reached out to them and we know
this through text messages prior to the
New Yorker story being published that's
a relevant fact okay now with that being
said I just want to quickly give you the
details of those text messages what
those messages contained and then talk
about how there is evidence of perjury
that's a serious problem and the utter
hypocrisy coming from Republicans on
this very issue now in the days leading
up to a public allegation that Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh exposed
himself to a college classmate Deborah
Ramirez the judge and his team were
communicating behind the scenes with
friends to refute the claim texts
between a woman by the name of Carrie
burcham and Karen year Savage both
Friends of Cavanaugh suggest that the
nominee was personally talking with
former classmates about Ramirez a story
in advance of the New Yorker article
that made her allegation public so Burke
him did speak to the press about this
and the main reason why she spoke to the
press about it was because she was
trying to get these text messages to the
FBI as part of their investigation but
she was having trouble getting to them
she was having trouble submitting this
evidence to them or getting a response
back
so Burcham says in her memo to the FBI
the Kavanagh and/or his friends may have
initiated an anticipatory narrative as
early as July to conceal or discredit
Ramirez so I want to be clear about
something here his testimony was on
September 25th The New Yorker article
was on September 23rd mm-hmm the text
messages at least some of them
are very clearly from September 22nd
before the New Yorker article comes out
Cavanaugh is reaching out the classmates
at Yale trying to get them to side with
him instead of Ramirez so that is going
to be enormous ly relevant to the
perjury now but as Anna just told you
they actually apparently knew this for
months on end some of this trying to
discredit his accusers goes back to July
which is goes to a question we've been
asking that I really haven't seen almost
anywhere else okay so this is what
Cavanaugh knew and that's devastating
and I was led to believe by Republicans
perjury is monumentally important
important and our impeachment grounds
but who else knew did the Republican
senators know and that's a very good
question there's references to Brett's
team who was on Brett's team that it
include people talking to the Republican
senators who might have known about
these allegations for months not well
and to be fair it's not that they didn't
do anything about him apparently they
were busy behind the scenes so at least
some people were trying to discredit the
women who they knew would be coming
forward I would like to know why Mitch
McConnell wanted to dissuade Donald
Trump from choosing Brett Kavanaugh as
as the Supreme Court nominee now the
media reports at the time argued that
McConnell wanted to dissuade Trump
because he was very concerned that
Cavanaugh had an extensive record and
there were too many documents to go
through and that it would just take too
long and he was concerned documents
really that's what Mitch McConnell was
concerned about and we know what were in
his previous decisions as an appellate
judge we know all of that and none of it
was out of the ordinary in regard to
what a conservative judge would decide
or do so why did Mitch McConnell want to
dissuade Trump
I thought that that was strange and
given what we know now I I would suspect
that McConnell knew that there were
other issues involving Kavanagh now with
that said though we now have evidence
indicating that Kavanagh knew about
Debora Ramirez's allegation
prior to the publication of that New
Yorker piece now when Orrin Hatch
senator Orrin Hatch asked Kavanagh about
Deborah ramirez's allegations
it appears that Cavanaugh lied under
oath and we have evidence of that so
let's take a look at the first video
again this is senator Orrin Hatch
speaking to Cavanaugh during the hearing
when did you first hear of mr. Ramirez's
allegations against you in the last in a
period since then The New Yorker story
did the ranking member or any of her
colleagues or any of their staffs ask
you about mr. Ramirez allegations before
they were leaked to the press no oh it's
fascinating it appears that he lied
there yeah that's a clear light there so
look I think it's a super clear lie that
Devil's Triangle is a drinking game and
all other things that he clearly to any
rational human being is not telling the
truth about when it came to all of his
descriptions of what he did in high
school in college but there's a you can
make an argument you say well maybe is
some really rare places Devil's Triangle
might not mean what it means everywhere
else in the country but in that little
cave or village it means a drinking game
okay but I never heard about it until
the New Yorker article and I have texted
weed now the FBI is in possession of
text messages from before The New Yorker
article where he's talking about the
Ramirez allegations that is a stone-cold
lie perjury indisputable and I also want
to be clear about something else
the former classmates who are now coming
forward are doing so reluctantly in fact
they did not want to get involved in any
of this until after they saw the hearing
and they saw the way Brett Kavanaugh
presented himself and argued that this
is nothing more than a witch hunt you
know he argued that this is a smear
campaign and that he was a great choir
boy when he was a you know younger that
he didn't do anything out of the
ordinary it appears that he did and
that's the reason why these individuals
are coming
they're providing this evidence for the
FBI investigation and they're being
clear in that they don't know whether or
not he actually committed you know these
sexual assaults that he's been accused
of but they do feel that it's their duty
to give the FBI whatever information
they have so the right conclusion can be
drawn from that and Kavanaugh is a
serial liar and it definitely makes me
question whether he lied about the
underlying allegations because he
doesn't have to lie about any of this so
a man in his position could easily say
yeah I had heard rumors that the New
Yorker was looking into a piece about
Ramirez and I know I didn't do anything
with the Ramirez so I went to all my
friends and said do you guys remember
anything like this and I try to get
witnesses now some people are saying you
know witness tampering this is not a
trial so I'm not sure that I agree with
that charge besides what you could say
your team did it maybe you should have
had your team do it but that you didn't
personally do that part to me is not
important what's important is the
gratuitous lies the lies that don't need
to happen I like beer but I didn't I
never drank too much every person who
knows you thought you drank too much and
and there's nothing ostensibly terribly
wrong about somebody drinking too much
in college or high school as long as you
didn't do anything terrible when you
were that drunk but when you try to
cover everything up it leads me to
believe that you're trying to cover
something bigger up otherwise there's no
reason to lie about things that are
relatively innocuous like draining too
much beer who cares
so look aside from disagreements about
politics you know my number one issue
with Cavanaugh was the fact that it
appeared that he and Republicans were
trying to avoid the investigation but
once the agreement happened and the
investigation was gonna take place I
mean I don't know if he's guilty or not
and I feel extremely uncomfortable you
know making a firm judgment on that
until we have all the facts in front of
us but now even if the FBI doesn't find
anything in regard to those allegations
either proving or disproving it
the bigger issue would be the fact that
he consistently lied throughout that
hearing and that is serious because he
is under oath and remember
if he gets confirmed he is going to be
at the highest level of our justice
system he will be a Supreme Court judge
Supreme Court justice and so are we
comfortable with someone who just
flat-out lies like that making decisions
defending our Constitution I don't know
I I personally wouldn't be and you know
who else wouldn't be Lindsey Graham so
let's take a look at what Lindsey Graham
had to say about lying under oath back
in 1999 I have argued to you that when
you found that a judge was a perjurer
you couldn't in good conscience send him
back in a courtroom because everybody
that came in that courtroom thereafter
would have a real serious doubt I will
argue to you that when you find this
president guilty of perjury if you do
that he has violated his oath and that
by a consequence of that some public
trust has been lost I totally agree with
him on that I just wish that he would
apply that same standard to Supreme
Court nominees on the Republican side if
a federal judge is found to be lying
you've lost you've lost trust in him
he's got to go Lindsey Graham there was
arguing for the impeachment of President
Bill Clinton because he told a lie now
we clearly have Kavanaugh lying about
the text here no question about it so
Lindsey Graham are you a man of your
word I know you like to get all worked
up about principles well here's a
principle you say I didn't say you said
it all right so are you gonna take
action on it by the way Kavanaugh is a
weird liar and so if if Graham was
worried about Liza Clinton told about a
consensual affair that Bill Clinton had
way to get a lot of Kavanaugh so what
why do I see he's a weird liar so in the
case of Ramirez they were at a wedding
together and his team worked hard to get
a picture of them together at the
wedding presumably to use as evidence of
well here she is standing next to him
and and and they're all fine right and
so and and they got that picture so now
it doesn't show any real thing we show
it to you here it's they're very distant
and the woman who actually have that
photo so I basically showed
it's graphic seven right and the woman
who's telling us about this is standing
next to Ramirez who circled there on the
left and and she's saying that he she
basically honey clung on to her the
whole night and didn't want to go into
your cabin or his friends but that's not
the relevant part to me at least in this
context the relevant part is that when
Cavanaugh was asked if he had been at a
wedding with her he said probably no but
wait a minute why do you say that you
know you were at the wedding with her
you tried to get the picture of you and
her at the wedding together you're
perfectly aware of that why would you
say probably he then went on to say I'm
sure I saw her because it wasn't a huge
wedding but that he doesn't have any
specific recollection that is a weird
lie man you you have the picture of you
and her at the wedding I would say yeah
I was at the wedding with her oh yeah I
remember being at the wedding but I
don't remember much beyond that but no
no even that he's got a lie about now
there's something wrong with this guy
and so we came in with an open mind
every day evidence mounts that he has
been lying all throughout so far there's
been no evidence that dr. Blasi Ford is
lied so this is if it was a mystery that
mystery is becoming less and less
interesting every day one side has been
shown to lie over and over and over
again and the other has had their story
corroborated not only by other people
who talk about the other details nothing
about the assault because that was in a
room with just Cavanaugh judging and
Ford at the time but but every other
detail she's given even corroborated by
Brent Cavanaugh's own calendar so it's
becoming a no contest as to who's lying
and who's telling the truth and and
again on the issue of the text that
there can be no reasonable argument
otherwise and Lindsey Graham I'm sure is
not only saying pull the nomination but
impeach Cavanaugh right right Lindsey
because I know you claim you're a man of
your word well Lindsey Graham maintains
that these accusations against Brett
Kavanaugh are nothing more than politics
the left trying to smear him in fact I
want to just quickly remind you
the meltdown that Senator Graham had
during the hearing involving Brett
Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi Ford it's like a
quick look at that what you want to do
is destroy this guy's life hold his feet
open and hope you win in 2020 you said
that not me
I would never do to them what you've
done to this guy this is the most
unethical sham since I've been in
politics boy y'all want power god I hope
you never get it I hope the American
people can see through this sham you're
looking for a fair process you came to
the wrong town at the wrong time my
friend now remember he's accusing
Democrats of playing politics and I
think to some extent there are politics
involved which is why I want to make
sure that we stick to the facts and not
allow any narrative to take control or
take hold of what we think right let's
stick to the evidence that we have in
front of us but Lindsey Graham you know
it's rich to hear him talk about
politics and how you know Democrats are
trying to block Cavanaugh because of
politics
remember Merrick garland remember the
fact that Obama nominates a Supreme
Court justice and Republicans blocked
him due to politics and we have evidence
of that as well Lindsey Graham at the
time had tweeted a video following his
first meeting with Garland and here's
what he had to say just had a good
meeting with judge garland he's honest
and capable his reputations beyond
reproach I told him that I believe that
the the Scalia vacancy should be filled
by the next president we're well into
the nominating process I think that's
best for the court I think that's best
for the country let the voters have a
say about who they'd like to be the next
primo justice yeah we we we really like
garland but um we're gonna wait over a
year until Republicans have some control
and then we'll make a decision Lindsey
Graham was outraged that we would wait
one more week to do an FBI investigation
they waited 14 months on Merrick garland
and now Lindsey Graham thinks there's
politics being played in this town and
he's just shocked shocked by it when
he's
on record saying oh the other judge was
great we just blocked him because we
wanted to because we wanted to play
politics his excuse at the time was let
the American people decide in the next
election Linda had a great news for you
there's an election coming up in 34 days
so we could just wait and let the
American people decide you know what you
guys have a huge advantage in the Senate
and not not in the numbers you're at 51
but most of the people that are up for
election this time around the Senate are
Democrats and every political pundit has
said for a long time that you guys are
likely to keep the Senate why don't we
let the American people decide that's
your standard Lizzie
I thought you had principles Lindsay I
thought you were super mad about people
not holding up their own principles by
the way that video was shot in April of
2016 as we all know the election took
place in November so they were fighting
aggressively to block judge Merrick
garland from his confirmation hearings
and they succeeded in that and you know
who bragged about it Mitch McConnell
take a look one of my proudest bones is
when I looked at Barack Obama in the eye
and I said mr. president you will not
fill the Supreme Court vacancy okay but
all of a sudden there's politics in this
establishment no one it knows so what
was Lindsey Graham mad about he's not
mad about perjury okay and he's not mad
about politics and we know that he's an
absolute by the way Lindsey Graham let
me just be clear you're a fraud and
you're a sham that's what you are
getting all huffy about things that you
did a thousand times worse okay so what
are they upset about if they're not
upset about those things I don't think
he's an actor I think he was genuinely
upset what's he upset about how dare you
people look into our past we're all so
goddamn angry that you would ever look
into our past and the things that we
have done to other people how dare you
it's personal for Lindsey Graham I
wonder why it's personal for a lot of
those old men up there and and they do
not want anybody going back and looking
at what they might have done that's why
they're so emotional about it that's why
you've got a lot
this and a lot of and all those faces
that they put forward
it ain't about principles that's nothing
but a lie it's about hey whatever you do
don't look in my closet don't look at
you know anywhere where you might find
the skeletons I've buried so and that's
the in a sense the whole movement is
about is finding out what went wrong so
that we can make sure that we don't put
those people back in charge in the most
powerful places in this country and they
do not want to let go of their power
under any circumstance no matter what
they've done on the go
don't worry we got you covered if you
still listen to TYT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
