unfortunately recently in Italy we had a
significant terrorist event t Talking
Points Memo explains Luca trainee 28
years old remain jailed as police
investigating him on multiple counts of
attempted murder with aggravating
circumstance of racial hatred for the
Saturday attacks in the Italian city of
Makkah Rada oh my god man Isis sent this
guy huh that we hey look we got to
figure out what the hell's going on here
so we got a block all these awesome oh
he's not Muslim huh
that's interesting oh he targeted
immigrants because he's a right winger
huh
no wonder I haven't seen a tweet from
Donald Trump about this let's give you
more Italian authorities say they seized
Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf and other
publications linked to Nazism and a flag
with a Celtic Cross a symbol commonly
used by white supremacists from trainees
home on Sunday so who did he target the
five men and one woman wounded in a
two-hour drive by shooting spree are
from Nigeria Ghana Gambia and Mali
according to Rai state television so I
guess we got to stop all immigration
from Italy until we figure out what the
hell is going on I mean we got a
responsibility to protect Americans and
if it turns out they've got these kind
of white supremacists terrorists and
Italy a place known for fascism before
we got to make sure we're safe got to
figure out what the hell's going on I'm
just applying Donald Trump standards
right if you're unsure you never know
some members of a group do terrorism
well you got a block everybody from the
group the Italian I'm done with them
sorry John iadarola we might maybe I
don't know how John and I roll it one of
our hosts got here might have been chain
migration we got a look into it we got a
look into it may be ended and send him
back the suspect was an unsuccessful
candidate last year in local election
for the anti-migrant Northern League
political party at least answer news
agency quoted acquaintances saying he
previously had ties with the neo-fascist
forza nuova
Casa Palin parties and some stuff he put
on his forehead let's take a look at
this picture might give you a sense of
it as well that's a swastika not really
subtle hey you know what maybe no it's
not fair to call it a Italian pan maybe
we should just make it a right-wing ban
from all the different countries
although we figure out what the hell's
going on
right cuz to be fair to Italy and we
don't want to discriminate against Italy
it might be a lot of countries we have
to ban because of right-wingers that
come from those countries that it commit
horrible acts of terrorism weird though
that there hasn't been non-stop press
about this issue because I know that if
there's an act of terrorism especially
if it's politically motivated driven
against certain groups our press goes
nuts over it and not all Trump goes nuts
over it and the Republicans go nuts over
it
unless it's a right-wing terrorist as
this by the way the majority of
terrorist acts in the United States so
now final piece of irony here and now
trainee some people think were outraged
because and Nigerian immigrant had
assaulted an Italian women woman
recently 25 29 year old identified as
Jennifer in a shooting spree and and so
they then asked about the people who
were shot by trainee and we go to that
portion of the story here Nigerian man
has been and they explain I'm sorry not
Jennifer Jennifer was shot by trainee
this is the earlier shooting by the
immigrant a Nigerian man has been
arrested in death of Pamela master O
Pietro 18 years old her remains were
found in two suitcases days after she
walked away from a drug rehab community
so a horrible crime assaulted murdered
chopped up put into suitcases and so
when an immigrant as a horrible crime
everyone from that community is held
responsible by some particularly in the
right-wing
when a right-winger does a crime or a
white supremacist does a crime or an
Italian does a crime the entire
right-wing community is not held
responsible all white supremacists are
not held responsible and obviously all
Italians are not held responsible now
let me add nor should they of course
they shouldn't that's preposterous but
when it comes to one group in particular
our media and our right-wing lose their
minds the one exception is of course you
can't hold it all the Italia is
accountable but yes Muslims well it's a
particularly dark religion it's the one
that creates all these problems that
wait we got to figure out what the
hell's going on and we got to do a
Muslim slash travel ban so when it comes
to that there is demagoguery when it
comes to these oh wow I mean look there
there was the immigrant who was who was
killed or the immigrant who did the
killing etc well let's now go to the
Irene that I was mentioning earlier a
Nigerian community leader in makkah
Radha Sammy Khan own said he heard the
shots as he was going to meet with
cultural mediators about organizing a
sit-in to support mastropiero his family
as a poor woman who was killed
and unfortunately salt in the wounds
here they called off the event after the
shootings for fear of further racist
attacks so you hear sometimes from the
right-wing whoa hey why won't the
fill-in-the-blank Muslims Mexicans
immigrants call out their own here were
the Nigerians going to support the
Italian victim in this case and they
were shot while going to support the
victims why won't other Italians call
out Luca training by the way they do of
course they do the government is has
apprehended them etc why what other
right-wingers call it Luca training they
actually won't white supremacists yeah
good luck with that
so unlike the other side we do not
believe that everyone in that category
is responsible for Luca trainees crimes
Luca trainee is responsible for those
crimes it would be nice if both sides
use the same standards
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
