good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather we're three days out from another
possible government shutdown and
President Trump today shot down a
bipartisan immigration bill intended to
hit a shot off before Republican Senator
John McCain and Democratic Senator Chris
Coons ever introduced their bill the
president tweeted out his opposition the
McCain comes bill would extend
protection to dreamers brought here as
children by undocumented immigrants but
it does not earmark funds for mr.
Trump's wall which he demanded in his
own proposal last week a proposal with
which something far greater is at stake
than just another short-lived shutdown
for 50 years the core element the
defining value of America's immigration
system has been the family enabling
immigrants to thrive with help from
their own building social foundations
from which they could venture into
American society but it wasn't always
that way as the nation headed into the
20th century a wave of new laws erected
ideological corridors along the pathways
into America the walls of those
corridors were constructed out of sheer
racism our laws slammed a door in the
face of Asians and Africans the goal the
explicit goal at that time was to freeze
America's ethnic makeup the way it was
in previous years forever we implemented
formulas quotas to do just that America
the land of revolution was to change no
more and it worked
not until 40 years later did the country
turn to face the racist barriers it had
put up at his
Gateway's the driving force was a need
for more skilled workers
so now skills rather than national
origin would open the door to America
some self-described conservatives
however were concerned once again about
a change in the nation's ethnic
composition without quotas or
nationality what other factor could
ensure the consistency of America's
ethnicity
well the argument went America can't
change that much
if entry will also be determined by
blood ties between new arrivals and the
folks already here that's right the new
immigration proposal would open the door
to more family members because that was
what conservatives wanted in the 1960s
President Johnson embraced this upheaval
in the way we looked at immigration and
an immigrants legislation the bars of
discrimination against those who seek
entry into our country particularly
those with much needed skills and those
joining their families in establishing
preferences a nation that was built by
the immigrants of all lands can ask
those who now seek admission what can
you do for our country but we should not
be asking in what country were you born
now what conservatives did not know at
that time was how few new Americans
would come over from the countries they
liked countries such as Norway for
instance America's ethnic composition
began to shift now fast-forward to 2018
and with our first black president in
the rearview mirror our new president
wants to drag the country
by more than 50 years by cutting back on
family migration in return for granting
amnesty to dreamers those brought here
as children who now want to stay
President Trump is demanding that legal
immigrants no longer be allowed to bring
their brothers and sisters or their
parents so it is not surprising that
family is no defense for undocumented
immigrants against the president of the
Family Values Party immigrants like
Miguel Perez jr. a US Army veteran who
gave us two tours in Afghanistan and two
American children now he's fighting
deportation back to Mexico where combat
veterans are targeted for conscription
into drug gangs there but if America
cannot decide whether the value of its
immigrants arises from their nationality
their skillset their relatives or even
their military service you may want to
consider whether it's time to stop
spotlighting individual immigrant
success stories altogether it may be
time to stop asking as President Johnson
did what can you do for our country time
to stop judging immigrants based on what
they can do for our military our economy
for us it may in truth be time to gauge
immigration based not on what opening
doors does for us but on what closing
doors does to us to all of us we America
now send federal agents to arrest the
husbands and wives of American citizens
as they show up to apply for residency a
study out last week says we are now
committing more hate crimes the number
of violent incidents and bigoted
rhetoric increased 46 percent across the
country last year against Middle Eastern
and South Asian Jimmy
another study also out just last week
found a two hundred fifty eight percent
increase in white supremacy propaganda
on college campuses they're coming now
for our children so as members of
Congress opposed to deal this week on
what our immigration system ought to
look like going forward in the future
we are charged with watching them
because immigration is changing us and
will change us one way or another
accepting it or fighting it it's going
to change because the history of this
nation reviews time and again that when
we argue immigration the heart of the
matter isn't about who they are it's
about who we are now straight ahead the
controversial Nunez memo and an
exclusive report on the brand new health
secretary you want to hear it so stay
tuned hey Dave you probably see Skype
froze frozen crash you know I was
watching I'm launching a documentary on
the Vietnam War
and there was a TV journalist in the
middle of some tiny little village in
Vietnam doing a live TV as the soldiers
were burning the Vietnamese huts and it
didn't crash and that was 1965 and he
was in Vietnam look we're doing
interviews over there at youtube.com
slash tyt interviews and we've done some
amazing ones recently so now of course
you know the person most widely
considered to be the most progressive
senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's cannot in
good conscience sit on the sidelines of
history as president Trump celebrates
the passage of his tax cuts and the
effect he says they're having on our
economy contrasted with if necessary and
you want to consider it the stock market
going down again today however you feel
about that know that we should not
forget the other agenda president
Trump's party is pursuing which is
cutting benefits to some of the
Americans who need it most it may not be
in the headlines but they are working on
it right now
as we're about to show you with our
exclusive report and if you listen
closely enough you will hear them say so
as soon as the president and his
supporters pass those tax cuts they
announced their intention to move on to
benefits for the poor death by a
thousand budget cuts but when even tiny
cuts proved politically impossible they
resort to other methods
it starts with language take Medicaid
presidents of both parties tried for
decades to help America's
Neenee pay for health care some even
wanted to just give them healthcare in
1965 we got Medicaid giving States money
to provide innocence for those too poor
to buy it from him selves Medicaid was
not to be earned it was not to shame
those who received it the shame they
thought if it wasn't it was ours for not
doing more sooner but Medicaid got
passed in the 60s and since then
Medicaid has become of course incredibly
popular so the first step in doing away
with Medicaid as I mentioned is language
first they start talking about Medicaid
not as something we do because it is
right but if something people must earn
it's happening right before our eyes
listen to House Speaker Paul Ryan last
week on camera use language to shift the
very bedrock of government assistance to
the poor not to assist people anymore
but to make them earn assistance or lose
it if they don't wages are going up
benefits are going up businesses are
expanding consumer confidence is at a
17-year high while unemployment is at a
17-year low tax reform is working but
one of the reasons we are here in West
Virginia is because we want to build on
this success of 2017 in 2018 we need to
close the skills gap in this country and
we need to help people move from welfare
to work so that they can tap their true
potential the very next day the new
Health and Human Services Secretary Alex
azar announced that the Trump
administration was granting a wavier to
let Indiana impose a work requirement on
Medicaid the Trump administration is now
given waivers to two states Kentucky was
first to turn health care into something
poor people must earn or as secretary
Hayes or put it on Friday give poor
people incentive not to be poor Indiana
will be working with 130,000 able-bodied
adults who
now have opportunities and incentives to
find work when secretary Hayes or did
not say what he didn't say is what we
have found in our report tonight
one of the companies Indiana pays to
keep his Medicare costs down is called a
TMS now here's how it works
hms doesn't actually lower the price of
health care they don't advocate for
instance for states to join together and
negotiate lower prices instead hms finds
other people to pay the bills another
insurance plan you might have which may
or may not raise your premiums or maybe
your spouse as a company health plan
either way hms will find out making hms
a potential contender when the state of
Indiana hands out its contract for
hunting down jobless Medicaid recipients
now until three months ago
the HMS Board of Directors included Alex
a czar we asked Health and Human
Services about mr. Hayes our role in the
indiana decision and the role of his old
company a spokesman told us that hms was
not a party to Indiana's waiver requests
and so and a quote under his ethics
agreement and federal law the secretary
may participate in the indiana waiver
unquote wall street however seems to
think a CMS does stand to benefit from
work requirement waivers in indiana or
elsewhere when hms CEO William lucida
was asked last May about work
requirements he told Wall Street analyst
quote there was always potential for
additional opportunity when it comes to
eligibility related services unquote now
we don't know how much Indiana pays a
GMS for its current work the contracts
we saw show hms gets 13 percent of
whatever Medicaid costs it recovers we
should note by the way that Indiana
estimates some 30
three thousand residents will lose their
Medicaid coverage once these new
requirements kick in it all started with
language speaking of health care as
something you have to earn and now
America's economy is so great again that
states like Indiana can afford to pay
rich corporate executives to help deny
health insurance to America's poor as a
footnote there are other states applying
to turn health care into something you
earn a Zoras agency will be signing off
and we'll be watching the núñez memo and
what it demands the bus right after this
the United States economy has never been
bettered monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler always something to
happen it takes to crown the best sales
force out there is Merrill Lynch and now
it goes to PLA it's pretty amazing we're
going to see a stabilization and just a
tremendous snapback rally
the Occupy Wall Street movement is not
is not a spontaneous protest against
economic inequality this is what we mean
by the establishment press it is a well
thought out to well thought out campaign
to bring down the infrastructure rupture
of this country the embarrassment is
that I'm giving credibility in this
world because of the disappointment that
the public has and what the news media
does
like the former chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them it's to do everything that we
can without going to war so to say to
your critics don't fight my democratic
critics who say you know what you're
really just a socialist passively I very
rarely read in any coverage of Bernie
that he's a socialist Bernie Sanders is
a socialist for God's sake the most
analyst is saying that Hillary Clinton's
gonna win in a landslide I continue to
believe mr. Trump will not be President
got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
President Trump today called for what he
sees as an alleged law breaker to be
quote stopped unquote the law breaker is
a Democratic lawmaker congressman Adam
Schiff accused by the president of
leaking and who wants to release his
party's response to the so-called Nunez
memo but everything we need to
understand about the full implications
of the Nunez memo can be divined from
two facts we already have the Nunez memo
of course was created by Devin Nunez
chairman of the House Intelligence
Committee primarily to challenge the
integrity of a warrant the FBI got to
investigate Carter page a trump campaign
adviser the memos released on Friday
dominated America's national discourse
over the weekend and will echo loudly
for weeks to come but too revealing
facts should shape how we hear those
echoes fact one on Friday chairman Nunez
revealed that he did not read the FBI's
warrant application before issuing his
memo which was about that warrant
application did you write it myself trey
gowdy our two investigators and then
obviously checked by the lawyers and the
rest of our committee members did you
read the actual Phi sub applications no
I didn't fact to the Washington Post
reported that president rump declared
himself vindicated by the Nunez memo
without actually reading the Nunez memo
so Nunez didn't read the warrant
application his memo was about and then
President Trump did not read the Nunez
memo about the warrant application that
Nunez had not read why are these two
facts so important to understanding all
of this because whatever role Russia
played in the election Russia is not the
most serious threat here
at worst Russian propaganda is a virus
and if we no longer even read the stuff
our decisions are supposed to be based
on we're no longer able to inoculate
ourselves against any propaganda and
then it won't matter if we stop the
Russians will get played by anyone China
you can be sure as watching extremists
on our own soil of figuring out how to
play us against each other if all we
care about is tribalism and it's already
happening on Saturday a new poll found
that only 38 percent of Republicans now
have a favorable view of the FBI that's
America's law & order' party turning on
the premiere federal law enforcement
agency now the irony is we are supposed
to be skeptical of the FBI we're
supposed to be skeptical of all power
I'm old enough to remember when
Republicans applauded law enforcement
for bias against his targets but the
answer to paranoia about the FBI is not
blind allegiance to the FBI remember
Republican politicians stood by the FBI
through its assaults on mark dr. Martin
Luther King jr. they stood by the FBI
through wholesale targeting of Muslims
and the agency's unseemly interest in
everyone from Occupy Wall Street to
black lives matter only now is FBI
overreach quote unquote a concern Russia
didn't do that we did and yes without
trying to strike any false equivalency
to varying degrees both sides to this
some on both sides anyway sums of the
nez memo revealed treason
some said releasing it was treason each
side so invested in the evil of the
other that it merits any measure against
them justify as any shortcut now to give
you an example what we caught from that
Nunez soundbite here's what we didn't
play earlier when we explained why he
didn't read the warrant application did
you read the actual Phi sub applications
no I didn't the and this has been one of
these bogus news stories that have been
put out so the agreement we made with
the Department of Justice was to create
a reading room and allow one member and
two investigators to go over and review
the documents I thought the best person
on our committee would be the chairman
of the Oversight Committee trey Gowdy
who has a long career as a federal
prosecutor to go and do this that's a
fair point
when we obliged by the duties of
journalism or just good citizenship to
admit if you oppose President Trump it
may not feel good but conceding a point
does not mean conceding moral
high-ground
it means we defend the process the
American process of debate and
disagreement to eventually reach
consensus and we need that spirit now
more than ever because sooner says more
members are coming about more American
institutions not just the FBI and it's
high time we remember how we deal with
this with the tantalizing promise of
documents that will prove us right from
McCarthy's list of communists to Barack
Obama's birth certificate or Hillary
Clinton's emails we've all too often
fallen for the promise of the magic
revelation and lately it's taken us too
long to wake up to those false promises
to recognize that these promises carries
so much more weight in their absence
their anticipation than in their actual
release if nature abhors a vacuum it's
too often our nature to fill it with
self-serving speculation we have become
so confident in our ability to cherry
pick and read without context that the
president can now say anything
certain that his tribe can misinterpret
any evidence in his favor no matter how
flimsy or damning this has offered him
to strike at our institutions that free
press Congress the courts our culture
painting any that stand against him as
disloyal a threat to his power and
therefore a threat to the nation as he
makes the argument and he's done more
than that he has degraded the defining
character of the American project the
virtue of institutions engineered to
stand against him which is to say to
stand against power our system of checks
and balances the president has let
Americans to hate in many ways to hate
truly what makes America great poisoning
the core of American principle that the
system is supposed to be adversarial
it's designed to motivate people within
our various institutions to counter it
question other institutions checks and
balances if we now reject that if we
turn a blind eye to those real American
values then Russia or China can just sit
back and watch
because whatever damage they might
inflict upon us will be dwarfed by what
we do to ourselves I want to share some
stories we're watching and a closing
thought with you in just a moment hey
Dave you probably see Skype froze frozen
crashed you know I was watching I'm
launching a documentary on the Vietnam
War
and there was a TV journalist in the
middle of some tiny little village in
Vietnam doing live TV as the soldiers
were burning the Vietnamese huts and it
didn't crash and that was 1965 and who's
in Vietnam
look we're doing interviews over there
at youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
in good conscience sit on the sidelines
of history here's some other stories
we're keeping an eye on and think you
should the scandal over a Catholic
Church cover-up of a sex scandal in
Chile reached the Vatican today after
Pope Francis last month said none of the
victims ever came forward to him The
Associated Press now reports is a has
obtained a letter sent to the Pope by a
victim in 2015 the letter was delivered
to the Pope the AP says detailing the
victims abuse and suicidal thoughts Pope
Francis has continued to defend the
bishop in Chile who denies not only
knowing anything about but even
witnessing the alleged abuse the Vatican
is sending an investigator to take
statements from the man who sent the
letter along with other potential
victims and witnesses the New England
Patriots weren't the only ones to come
up empty at the Super Bowl last night a
commercial used an excerpt of Martin
Luther King is strolling the virtues of
service to extol the virtues of Dodge
Ram trucks
dodge drew criticism from viewers
including the King family and the King
Center the ad aired 50 years to the day
after King's actual address and in case
you hadn't noticed this is also a Black
History Month every February now is by a
you'll decree folks up in toll numerous
times in recent years when it comes to
newscasts note but don't spend much time
on Black History Month most of the
audience it said isn't interested
I'm also often told don't recite much if
any poetry on the air so the saying goes
the audience tends to turn it out I
don't believe any advice on either
counts so in honor of Black History
Month a poem by the great Langston
Hughes a poem which I believe will
resonate with Americans of every race
ethnic background and religion
especially in this moment of our
nation's history it's titled democracy
democracy will not come today this year
nor ever to compromise and fear I have
as much right as the other fellow has to
stand on my two feet and own the land
our tire so of hearing people say let
things take their course tomorrow's
another day I do not need my freedom
when I'm dead I cannot live on
tomorrow's bread freedom is a strong
seed planted in a great need I live here
too I want freedom just as you democracy
by Langston Hughes finally tonight the
most important to her maybe and one we
should never take our eye off of and
that is North Korea this week will mark
the opening ceremonies the Winter
Olympic Games in South Korea the North
is sending a delegation and the two
sides have opened a dialogue for the
first time in years but before the torch
is lit the Trump administration has a
message for anyone feeling swept up in
the sudden camaraderie between the two
Koreas forget about it president Donald
Trump has dispatched his vice president
Mike Pence to represent the United
States and deliver a message
according to Pence's communications
director the vice president will remind
the world that anything the North
Koreans do during the Olympics
is a quote charade to disguise the
reality of the oppression inside North
Korea
unquote here's another quote we're not
going to let the North Korea propaganda
machine hijack the messaging of the
Olympics unquote it's no small irony
that the theme of this year's opening
ceremonies is about a world made
peaceful by the power of communication
and connection with that I'll leave you
for this news cycle The Young Turks is
next and we'll be back with the news at
this same place in time 5:30 Eastern
every Monday until then Dan Rather
reporting stay steady
