whoa Nelly let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration com
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service fees
I know it just gets better but 10% of
the revenue goes to charity I mean it
doesn't get any more Lib than this and
no funding of political campaigns or
industry lobby so if you were looking
for a progressive place to put your
money I think we've got your answer for
you aspiration com Justin Timberlake
will be performing this weekend in the
Superbowl halftime show and there was a
press event leading up to the
festivities where he was asked when he
ever let his child play football here is
his response but you would support if he
wanted to run some routes and get in the
NFL he will never play football okay no
no so that clip just as you saw it was
played on Fox and Friends or one of the
Fox shows by like the English guy who's
like blue a very arch and intense and he
only played that much then they covered
the reaction to that the way Fox does a
very simple coverage scheme which is to
send a manly man to a manly bar with
manly men menning and here is that man's
coverage his name is Pete hexif watch
listen this guy was in a boy band
I think his son will be much more
qualified to be in a boy band it's lot
safer on stage than it is on a football
field right I mean come on this is
indicative of the way the elites see
football and and tough sports and ruff
and manhood frankly this idea that you
learn things when you get hit you learn
things in the huddle when you get
knocked down listen we all care about
player safety that's important but to
say no my kid can't play football
because I'm worried you might take a hit
it's indicative of sort of this softness
that we get I mean it's not gonna change
he's a good boy band memories a good
singer that's all fine but to me it's an
eye-roll it's like here we go again
another guy that won't let his kid play
football what you think what a great
great father
I'm sure his his son is totally not
afraid of him at all
no no that hair isn't soft at all no all
that product it can't be soft with all
that fun guys masculinity is a prison I
feel like 2016 has explained that every
day on Twitter at real Donald Trump and
if there's one thing we know about I
love Fox is that they're not only trying
to shill for the president they're not
only trying to shill for you know the
the rich that are already in power and
are need more money somehow they're
trying to shell for masculinity being
one particular way which is the more
footballs you get hit in the head with
don't smarter you are you don't think
about Russia don't think about what this
car chase Hannity this guy probably
reports on how he hates football when
people before the football game take a
knee
like that are you like that it's just
what it is yeah there's more there's
more to this I want to play the pole if
you need parenting advice additional
parenting advice watch this okay my
thing is we need boys and anyone who
wants to play in football being tough
listen your you got to be safe you got
to learn how to hit you got to do it the
right way I played high school football
I took some shots going across the
middle as a wide receiver but it taught
me a lot about getting back up so listen
I just think it sounds soft when someone
says what if his boy wants to go play
wide receiver why can t this is America
where you can do anything come on dad I
guess he's just doing me do a picture oh
boy BAM okay okay okay I'm gonna move on
before you we are getting real trouble
here just stop getting away from my call
okay I mean can we get away or stop
calling people like words like soft or
rigidly defining masculine
men have to be a certain way they have
to be soft and they can't be in a boy
band that they can't have an angelic
voice you can't be everyone that's here
and have an amazing sense of style and a
beautiful facial hair yeah men can be
whatever they want exactly and if your
brand of masculinity if your identity is
wrapped up and getting hit by things and
and you know playing outside with trucks
or you know shooting guns fine but
that's not everyone's brand of
masculinity it's not one size fits all
yeah I've got masculine energy in me
like there has to be space for there to
be a a blend of masculine and feminine
energy in this father II look I don't
want to I don't know him I don't know
what kind of parent he is but I wonder
if he gets mad when his son cries or
expresses emotion and I think that
Voltaire is what's happening in this
clip is that guy is he's trying to be on
the other end of that news discussion he
doesn't want to be out in the field
anymore he wants to be an anchor and the
guy who's got the anchor position has
worked his way to get there by doing
what by saying the same kind of crap in
the field that this field reporter is
saying and on when you're he is just
trying to do an impression of what he
thinks the aisle on ideological bent of
that network is and the best part about
it is that it's not the end of what
Justin Timberlake said Justin Timberlake
obviously was joking because the next
thing he said was no no my main
objective is that he become a great
person and if he wants to get into the
arts or sports then yeah I would fully
support that so he isn't even saying
what you are making but that doesn't
stop you from sending Pete headsets to
Hooters to go get some opinions all
right who are you trying to impress he's
gone
he's done this is the best about pizza
hexif is um he this is not his only
manly man performance back a couple
years ago
is he actually known as the manly man he
must be why he'll be referred to manly
men is that is Brandi done him nah the
has dubbed in now I think that's that's
what for things like what we're about to
see Flag Day a couple years ago also the
Army's 240th birthday what do you do you
have an axe throwing competition
featuring none other than the guy we
just saw Peter hex s take a look at his
performance Pete and Clayton are facing
off they're testing their skills with
the who's gonna win this battle upon
seeing this was there anything behind
behind that target they couldn't handle
all that masculinity I know we saw a
glimpse of it and the answer is yes it
was a jovial army theme to drumline
here's what it looked on the other side
you didn't think it could get better and
yet it does that's what he gets for
being soft she's been a soft a stronger
boy mm-hmm
we have no room in America for jumper
boys into a target also homie like
really if you're such a manly man you
don't play darts like what do you loved
it over the target all right it's like
both it's like sir we didn't have a
rehearsal where you're like gonna
practice also like should you have a
giant wall if you're gonna put a giant
net to catch all the masculinity and
that's Athenian it you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
