whoa no way let me tell you about
aspiration doctor you go to the head of
the line by going to aspiration calm
slash tyt you don't have to wait on the
wait list there's free access to ATMs
all across the world there's no monthly
service fee I know it just gets better
but 10% of the revenue goes to charity I
mean it doesn't get any more Lib than
this and no funding of political
campaigns or industry lobbying so if you
were looking for a progressive place to
put your money I think we've got your
answer for you aspiration comm on The
Bachelor you will not find love but what
you will find perhaps is your daughter
this is the story let's take a look at
well there was a mom who hadn't seen her
child heard from her child Rebecca
Martinez in quite some time
so she called the police on November
18th of this last year and reported her
missing and she remained missing all the
way up until this was posted by the
local newspaper let's take a look it
turns out Rebecca Martinez on the
attorney general's missing-persons
database isn't missing
she's just been on The Bachelor that's
thank God for The Bachelor so the
missing persons databases is updated
very frequently but not very well it
seems and Rebecca wrote back to this her
tweeter Twitter this is what she looks
like first for those of you who don't
know which one is Rebecca Martinez goes
by Becca a young one she was in the news
recently for reasons if you were
watching you're shouting at the screen
right now and then she wrote back mom
how many times I have to tell you I
don't get cell service on The Bachelor
imagine that's pretty great I like her a
lot I actually so I did watch one
episode of this I was i I'm not gonna
lie it was my guilty pleasure and my
husband two people think people think
men don't watch The Bachelor but no dude
yeah this is a little-known secret and
watch The Bachelor and still be a man
yeah it's true and where we he wears two
shirts while he does it too we we have
been watching for a couple of seasons
we watched first episode of this season
and I'm not gonna watch the rest of it
because it's so boring and the guys so
vanilla but this girl stood
out to me she was I just have to say
that she's like one of my favorites
she had that like runaway look in her
eyes yes she has yeah the vulnerability
I could just I could just see it when
your mom you run away and your mom is
like where's my daughter her biggest
fear is that you'll end up on the back
absolutely yep Oh phew things to note
you know if I were I'm no Sherlock
Holmes but Humboldt County alright mom
has been in a cloud of herbal weird I'm
just making a weed joke okay everyone's
hi hello where's Becca where's Becca did
we go to her sweet 16 back up back up
I'm a daughter no also the anyone else
read into that tweet like mom there's no
cell service at the Batchelor hahaha
that's true that's no it's actually true
take it away from you yeah
send help SOS this is the five minutes
I've had on Twitter all week they they
keep you very drunk yep very
disconnected it's like boot camp it's
like the military I've never been on a
round you been on it you see no but I've
read many Jezebel articles and you you
can't talk to people you have to be
isolated and and you have to be very
very drunk and unstable I know a guy who
was on the show Cougar Town
cougar something cougar island you know
milf Island it was the like TV land
cougar version of The Bachelor and they
exactly what you said the only thing
that he added was that she he they had
to take herpes medication the whole oh
my I didn't make that up that word
that's investigative reporting yeah is
what I did by just talking to a guy once
how did it get onto milf Island how does
the herpes outbreak it's just oh no it's
it's because Isis the insurance
company's making everyone foul treks up
I when I actually saw this this article
I thought that she was reported missing
during the show that's what I read when
I saw the headline I was like yeah I
believe that I believe that someone
could go missing on this show to back up
the idea that mom was a little stoned
like she heard some her like the
next day she asked didn't call the
police and the police car tried to reach
her and it's like the police way I don't
know we won't update it till then the
next tweet is gonna be like hey Humboldt
County has a contestant on The Bachelor
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying get home like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
