yeah well look now the the memo is out
and so we've tried to lay out the facts
for you I doubt I doubt all that many
people are gonna be concerned with it so
let's turn now to the messaging because
both Donald Trump and those on the Left
those on the right are attempting to get
out in front of this use it for whatever
purposes they want and so first we've
got some information from Donald Trump
about what he thinks about this it's
probably gonna shock you I mean maybe
less so when you find out that he might
well have been involved in the writing
of it but here's what do you thinks
about the memo I think you know I think
it's terrible you want another truth I
think it's a disgrace what's going on in
this country I think it's a disgrace the
memo was sent to Congress it was
Declassified Congress will do whatever
they're going to do but I think it's a
disgrace what's happening in our country
and when you look at that and you see
that and so many other things what's
going on a lot of people should be
ashamed of themselves and much worse
than that but a lot of people should be
ashamed now he's right about that a lot
of people should be ashamed when you see
that and that and and that other thing
you should be really that guy definitely
read the memo Congress they do whatever
they do you know look we make fun of the
way he speaks and we do that because he
speaks in these generic ways because he
hasn't read anything he doesn't do
anything he shows up to photo ops he's
manifestly incompetent but that crap
that we just saw that carries the day
because that look this it's what's going
on in this country is what do you say is
what's going to say it's a shame and
more than that I am assuming he's just
flogging to those who are
disenfranchised and now in this new
tribal America where people are dug in
so heavily that is verbiage you can wrap
your arms around and I'm this guy who we
view as a joke has effectively
penetrated enough of the electorate with
that crap with just generic Trump speak
to I think create a real problem I mean
to the point that I don't know that you
can get him out of office yeah it's a to
me he's a very scary guy beyond sort of
the X's and O's of Washington yeah
just go through a couple of other
responses to this from people who are in
a position to do something about it
Adam Schiff ranking Democrat on the
House Intelligence Committee says the
president's decision to publicly release
a misleading memo attacking DOJ and FBI
is a transparent attempt to discredit
these institutions and undermine molars
probe we also have a statement that I
tweeted out earlier today from Senator
Bernie Sanders saying let's be
absolutely clear the release of this
Republican staff memo is a blatant
attempt by House Republicans in the
White House disrupt the critically
important investigation into Russia's
interference in the 2016 election and
the possible collusion between Russia
and the Trump campaign they're right
John extra partner interrupting but but
they couldn't even get the Democratic
response for at least they're powerless
ship is he can sit there and Yap all he
wants and tweet all he wants and I think
he's unquestionably right
but he can't do anything he's powerless
Democrats are absolutely makes no sense
obviously to a lot of viewers out there
to myself and to progressives who want
to see something beyond a two-party
system it's like how is it possible that
you can still call this a democracy when
you have Republicans completely
hijacking this entire process they're
hijacking the country obviously
Republicans didn't win the popular vote
you know in the election so there's it's
just kind of like huh it's all it's it's
just like and meanwhile funneling money
up to the top final money up to the top
and I will say the other thing that
Trump tweeted that it was brilliant when
he released the memo was he was calling
he referred to this investigation as
sacred that the Democrats were hurting
the sacred modern investigation like
first of all nothing is sacred to Donald
Trump let alone this investigation the
Big Mac sauce if he said that we're
sacred I'd be like totally I think we
all know that but this is definitely not
what sacred to me spent the entire last
year just denying denied no collusion no
collusion what fries is that no
collusion like and now suddenly it's
sacred I mean it's so boldface and he
and this is the thing you're talking
about the base I listen I haven't been
out there I haven't talked to all Trump
voters I'd like two more but I am
interested to know just how much they
is a mockery and how much they feel
whether this is a mockery of their
intelligence and even them were like
okay maybe I voted for him with seeing
past all the racism because of jobs or
whatever it was and it's like don't you
see that he and Hannity and all these
other goons are taking you for a ride
absolutely not I mean this if anything
is not the kind of thing that would show
them anything it would give them excuse
it gives them cover it's done I think I
mean again as one dimensionally
political as this document is it's done
what it was supposed to do which is
create enough dirt that they've dirtied
up the agency and dirtied up the
investigation so no in this age of
identity politics and this is what
worries me so much people are dug in
they identify with that Trump vote and I
think this gives them cover I think the
other thing I'll say with these with I
mean I think for a lot of you know Big D
Dems big you know I'm with her Hillary
supporters they were upset at the FBI
from you know commis release of or
supposed release of new emails his new
investigation what eleven days before
the elections so a lot of them are like
well screw it all and who was involved
with that release of that information
eleven days before the election
exactly yeah he probably did it cuz he
hated Trump so much yeah and look so let
me arguably that I mean many Hillary
supporters would say that won the
election for Trump the very guy but
they're assassinated yeah which would
necessarily agree with but it certainly
was the big story before the election it
wasn't it nothing I feel like if it were
the Super Bowl I'd be like the sponsors
totally did that on purpose or just like
create more drama
tune in on Election Day yeah probably
this problem what is so let's talk about
the consequences now so as we've been
talking about the whole point of this
Donald Trump said it yesterday was to
discredit the investigation now I don't
know how successful that's going to be
in general I saw a poll showing that um
eighty-two percent of Americans think
Trump should testify under oath before
Muller that's pretty definitive right
there that's a lot of Republicans
they're thinking you should still go in
there and do it and he hasn't convinced
even all Republicans trey gowdy
tweeted as I've said repeatedly I also
remain 100% confident special counsel
robert muller
the contents of this memo do not in any
way discredit his investigation he likes
the memo but he still feels the need to
say that but regardless
brothers whether it changes people's
minds on this it is obviously designed
to get rid of rosin sign and probably
Muller as well I saw Ann Coulter tweeted
well Rosa design was against releasing
the memo so clearly he needs to be fired
now ain't that convenient their hand and
we have Donald Trump responding to a
question about the future of Rosenstein
in this video you figure that one out
that's an example a subtle one I
understand we have bigger fish to fry my
god I hate him you can't say that as a
press just give an answer or just be a
politician and dodge it you figure that
one out you're the president you're
supposed to help us figure it out but
anyway that seems to imply that he wants
to get rid of him which would obviously
be the necessary step before the step of
dismissing the special counsel entirely
what did we talk about Chris Ray is it
ray no I don't bleep son
the FBI chief that was tapped by Trump
to be FBI chief was also against
releasing this memo I mean and I back to
your point about transparency like I I
think we should have a transparent
government I don't think that these you
know deep state FBI and CIA should be so
it should operate under so much cover
however there's a way to do that and so
yes we can say both things we can say
this is absolutely a partisan you know
booby trap that is completely designed
to cover up authoritarianism and lead to
more of it however in the future yeah we
want transparency yes we want to be able
to have some checks and balances on the
FBI and the CIA you know that'd be great
but not like this not like this at all
we know it so again back to the sort of
like hijacking of a like populist you
know almost libertarian analysis of like
you know this is the deep state this is
the establishment like that's utter
 that is just about furthering
plutocracy yeah well no and and you're
right I'm concerned about the use of the
term deep state which is now getting
floated more and more and then you can
attach deep state to whatever you
disagree with there are checks on the
FBI and CIA they are baked into the
system they may not work sufficiently
and we may not be how
with them all the time we may feel that
our intelligence arm does stuff that we
don't like like assassinating American
citizens overseas that's a whole other
conversation but the idea now that we've
sort of hung the deep State on the FBI
and that there are people pulling the
levers I mean you can see the
contradictions there the naked
contradictions to that already because
we've just reviewed all the facts who
was involved and actually maybe helping
get Trump elected the very people that
he is now going after he or his henchmen
are going after yeah and I look I saw
yesterday I saw the media referred to as
the deep state right on Fox News so
whatever whatever it meant and what I
love is coming at least briefly from
academia a lot of these terms that now
get thrown around so casually used to
have a meaning people studied it for
decades wrote books about it but now if
you read a six-page article you're an
expert on the topic whatever deep
statement it doesn't mean that anymore
it just means I don't like it that's
right exactly yes and its place but it's
so effective again the verbiage they use
is masterful I mean you only need to
know that and again just slap the deep
space a deep state sticker on it and oh
well I'm not for the deep state you know
and so it feeds all the conspiracy
theories which as you know are a very
much part of American life and and life
worldwide people love conspiracy
theories and deep state is a terminology
that fits well into that right and I
think that I mean I always want to float
it out and I
I appreciate this critique that's really
important and there's a particular view
I did I think it's important to know
that this this sort of authoritarian
implosion of norms is not the way and
you're absolutely right that I think a
lot of people were being politicized now
are saying well it's you like floating
flying I'm having a stroke they're
they're floating these terms like deep
state but they don't know what they mean
they don't know what those checks and
balances are and instead of informing
themselves instead of understanding
instead of voting in people who are
going to be better checks and balances
on those apparatuses they're just
willing to say well let's blow it all up
and that's not the solution cuz actually
blowing it all up no matter how
straighted you are with the political
establishment means authoritarianism no
I know we got to take a break up let me
just hit last thing a deep state and
fake news the same there are terms that
have have stuck and they've been used
effectively yet all they are and I was
almost revealed something we haven't
actually announced yet basically just
always be on the lookout for people
taking shortcuts past difficult thinking
and stuff concepts that you'd think
about and it would be intellectually or
emotionally hurtful even slightly people
want shortcuts and words in the practice
they've had in the past year like fake
news and deep state that is the point of
them it's that people don't want to
think deeply or critically about things
that might hurt their brains a little
bit unfortunately they do have meanings
they just don't mean what you've been
led to believe you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
