the Nunez memo has now been released and
it has made one thing clear we have been
wasting a lot of time in this country an
absolute BS and we will continue to but
hopefully for not that much longer
because unfortunately we've been put in
a difficult position where the GOP and
Donald Trump have decided that they are
going to shred law and order in this
country and they are going to set fire
to the FBI to absolve him of any legal
ramifications for the things that he and
his campaign have done and because
they're doing that we are forced to
respond there might have been a little
bit of spin on that introduction feel
free to disagree but that's how I feel I
don't underline that introduction I
think that's exactly right
but please proceed okay so look the memo
is out hopefully you've read it it's not
long I imagine that most people in this
country have read it probably not Donald
Trump but he's at least claiming that he
is and so we're gonna go through a few
of the core claims of this memo the
things that supposedly are such big
bombshells that are included in it now
the first one is that this memo
describes itself as describing a
troubling breakdown of legal processes
specifically it says our findings which
are detailed below raise concerns with
the legitimacy and legality of certain
DOJ and FBI interactions with the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
and represent the troubling breakdown of
legal processes established to protect
the American people from abuses related
to the FISA process now the overall
problem with that introduction is that
the memo does not actually do that it
barely even attempts to do that what it
does do is describe what they see as
things that were left out of the
applications to the FISA Court for
surveillance of Carter page who is
perhaps one of the most suspicious
people in this entire mess all of which
is suspicious and so we know that the
FBI began surveilling Carter page they
continually reuptake of all of his
suspicious contacts with Russian
intelligence operatives and things like
that and now we're supposed to believe
that because they didn't accurately
describe that the the dossier which the
memo says is why they're surveilling him
but is not it's not actually clear that
that is why they were surveilling him
that they didn't make clear all of the
various people that had fun
along the way and because of that that
whole thing is suspect and
something-something robert muller as
well i mean this is it feels like a just
like a reddit blog post that that's the
way the memo is i mean many people have
been saying like it doesn't sound like
it's not a memo it's a press release
it's a press release from republicans
unilaterally on the Intelligence
Committee saying
right and that to me there's like so
many things to this but the words
anti-trump which appear in this memo i
found to be chilling because that's not
something you expect from an
intelligence committee to call something
anti-trump what does that mean does it
it by saying something's anti-trump
you're automatically politicizing and
making it partisan rather than
explaining you know was it bias exactly
why something's inaccurate right and the
other thing is carter page was being
investigated by the FBI before he joined
the Trump campaign yeah and this is
something that they they don't they kind
of allude to but don't really so they're
sort of revealing the fact that he was
already under surveillance so I guess
those things are the ones that took I'd
like to stood out to me and you're so
right about the the anti-trump thing
really reveals what this is which is
it's propaganda and Devin Nunes is a
lackey for Trump and the fact that he's
on this committee is almost a footnote
because he is going to crank out
propaganda that is favorable to the
president and that's exactly what this
document is it let's left out a lot of
stuff that we know and the FISA filing
that they have to make is so thick I
mean who knows what we don't know but we
certainly are aware of the fact that
Carter page had a relationship there
that raised concerns of law enforcement
in this country prior this whole thing
but they make it look like a political
hit when the reality of course is this
memo is a political hit or it's an
attempt at a political hit were this any
sort of objective process you'd think
all right this has a chance of being
seen as a big done is a big nothing
burger I saw that today it's a big
nothing burger but make no mistake about
it this serves the purpose that they
want
which is it gives them a piece of paper
that now justifies Trump firing
Rosenstein and that's all it could have
been a black piece of paper they just
want an excuse Trump does to fire
Rosenstein and so going back that would
set up the Rosenstein who over oversees
the Muller investigation and so it sort
of lays up the Domino pieces to
eventually generate a Muller or
completely limit his capacity to do the
investigation yeah so I'm gonna jump
back into the core claims in just a
second but you sort of mentioned
something in this line one of the I
think ironic sad consequences of this
once we get past the initial fervor over
the memo is there are all sorts of
justifiable legitimate and necessary
criticisms of the FISA Court of the FBI
but when people see this where this has
been hyped for weeks now as this is
what's wrong with the DOJ and we're
gonna finally unveil it and that turns
out to be BS when you have legitimate
concerns about these organizations you
two are gonna look like a crazy person
now because they've been demonized but
for over a year by the white house and
right-wing media right I mean I think
this is this is what gets me about this
like but suddenly the party of let's
invade two countries
let's warrantless lis wiretap all
Americans is now the party of being
against the deep state like oh yeah I
know now we're anti-establishment
 man you guys aren't
anti-establishment and that and so it's
the only thing worse than the deep state
is having the deep state completely
politicized in a partisan way to support
someone who's clearly done something
illegal and like and I'm not saying that
like it hasn't been politicized in the
deep state isn't like against you know
working against and surveilling
Americans or surveilled you know people
from Martin Luther King jr. to ginto
grandmothers protesting the war in Iraq
yeah but my god we have even I like a
total bleeding heart radical like I'm
just like the pillars of democracy well
I mean you're right it's not as though
the FBI has got a clean record
historically but recently and well
less perhaps the FBI than some of the
other intelligence organizations but but
that is a concern but but that all of a
sudden there's their political hit jobs
being put out it's it just doesn't pass
the smell test and if they really were
and I loved them they used the the word
transparent well in the interest of
transparency you wanted to release it
into some transparency though we
suppress the Democratic the Democrat
document you know the Democratic
response and event it's a look this is
scary because it takes a highly partisan
Washington and it will allow them
because the GOP is in control of the
entire city legislatively and beyond in
the executive branch and in the courts
it will allow them to I think on a grand
scale set up an authoritarian position
for the president and that's really what
he wants I mean I know that seems sort
of you know that's the oh come on you're
exaggerating surrogate but I don't see
blowback on this I don't see where
there's gonna be blowback yeah and I've
been telling people for over a year even
so some people for various reasons have
not been interested in this
investigation since their very beginning
and I've been trying to appeal to them
to say that while yes Donald Trump and
his Republican backers would love to
absolve him of this investigation what
they are attempting to do is destroy the
possibility of any investigation into
any corruption or illegality once
they've done it to the FBI here once
they've cleansed it as Paul Ryan says he
wants to that is going to open a path
for any other form of corruption that
they want and make it so that there
won't be any effective investigations to
return to the core claims the one
example they give is this Carter Page
thing the idea that the FISA application
for renewal is the guy they've been
investigating for literally years since
like 2013 that's the guy they're staking
their reputation on here was fraudulent
but the problem is they didn't actually
show that in the memo either they say
that details about the dossier weren't
provided but they can't actually show it
because we don't have access to that
information we have to simply trust the
Devon Nunez or his staff or the White
House were not entirely sure Nunez
not-not-not on face alone after that
uber ride to the White House
last year just late night I need granted
he had insider information since it
seems this was written with the White
House but even so I'm not sure we can
trust them but that's the seems that
would be written by the White House
right wasn't he interviewed before it
was or during the meeting to release
this memo he was asked whether the memo
was written in in discussion with the
White House or was anyone discussing and
he shut that conversation down so it
really didn't answer yes or no he might
have been completely sitting therapy
drafting it and Republicans on the
committee drafting it with the White
House well by the way just on this point
I mean when asked if Trump was going to
release the memo he hadn't seen it at
first and as John says there's all this
stuff this aura built up around this
memo and and that was designed to gain
media attention look it's dominating the
the media culture for the last week the
memo of the metal of the memo even his a
Trump entered for the State of the Union
he was asked are you gonna release the
memo but he had indicated he was gonna
release the memo remember he had said oh
100% I'm gonna really said he hadn't
read it yet so it's up the fix is so in
it's so naked Lee in that's nauseating
yeah yeah another core claim of this
both of the memo but especially of the
right-wing spin about the memo is that
the investigation all of this stuff has
has a lot to do with the dossier
basically they think that even though
much of what's in the dossier hasn't
been disproven at all a lot of it turned
out to be true if they can link it to
the dossier which they're trying to do
then the entire thing is illegitimate
but that's undercut not just by reality
but even by the memo itself because on
the last page of the memo it says the
Papadopoulos information triggered the
opening of an FBI counterintelligence
investigation in late July 2016 by an
FBI agent Peter struck obviously they
just they just say it's Peter strike
it's the FBI but they think he's a bad
guy so they're gonna link it to him
opinion on one person insidious to just
young named FBI officials by name anyway
exactly and we know that they had been
doing the investigation prior to that so
that is undercut literally by the
evidence even provided by the memo but
if they're gonna bring up struck let's
talk about him so they're using him as
an example and this is one of the core
gand core claims of this memo is that
being
tire thing is not just about the dossier
but it is an example of from the very
beginning bias against Donald Trump anti
Trump stuff basically and they say in
the memos Rock was reassigned by the
special counsels office to FBI Human
Resources for improper text messages
with his mistress FBI attorney Lisa page
where they both demonstrated a clear
bias against Trump and in favor of
Clinton whom Strock had also
investigated and that is a particularly
brazen thing to leave in the memo days
after we find out that Peter struck who
we already knew hated Hillary Clinton
and Bernie Sanders was literally the guy
pushing for them to reopen the
investigation in Hillary Clinton's
emails a week before the election so if
that's the guy slow down slow down
what do you talk what are you saying the
same guy who was worried about who
didn't want Trump to be President also
or was the you know had sort of
anti-trump bias was also pushing to
reopen the Hillary Clinton emails that's
what can that be exactly you know what
we probably shouldn't even talk about it
will mean the threats just so thin right
it is just that this that the dossier
was come they say they don't say it was
commissioned by actually GOP operatives
and Republicans who wanted wanting to
hire fusion GPS initially and then it
was picked up by the DNC and Hillary
Clinton that's completely missing also I
think it's really funny Christopher
Steele in this is is they have there's
some quote in the memo that's like
really didn't was concerned that Donald
Trump would become president right now
this is a guy who had been studying
Donald Trump for months at that point in
his links and connections to Russia and
he gets to he's concerned about Trump
becoming president like that's it's not
bias it's just the like information it's
like saying that Neil deGrasse Tyson is
biased against flat-earthers exactly you
can't say that so and the other person
who was concerned about Donald Trump
becoming president was Donald Trump all
right it's family and that dude's been
studying Donald Trump for like 70 years
so then we were concerned he just said
something about it anyway you just
watched the video by The Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
