this friday marks the beginning of the
next stage of the Trump assault on the
environment and this time they're coming
for your national parks or at the very
least what's in the ground in your
national parks they want to get some of
it out because it turns out it's worth a
lot of money at 6:00 a.m. on Friday of
this week the Trump administration will
allow citizens and companies to start
staking claims on sections of the Bears
ears and grand staircase-escalante
national monuments in Utah so the new
stakeholders can conduct hardrock mining
on the formerly protected lands it's not
a musical thing unfortunately I looked
into it it's actually about extracting
resources out of what used to be
protected in many cases either sacred or
beautiful ground they're gonna start
ripping it to shreds to take out the
stuff that's inside of it now how are
they doing this well they're doing this
because that formerly protected
territory is no longer protected as we
reported last year bears ears National
Monument was cut by the Trump
administration by more than 85 percent
and Grand staircase-escalante national
monument was reduced by half this
resulted in the largest elimination of
protected areas in US history and at the
time we promised you that they were
doing this so that they could then sell
it off to massive corporations and that
is in fact what will be happening in
less than 48 hours at this point this
move to D protect and then exploit the
land
puts tens of thousands of Native
Americans sacred sites at risk along
with key wildlife habitats and areas
used for outdoor recreation sorry areas
that used to be used for outdoor
recreation now they will be used by
corporations to get some minerals and
stuff now what's interesting in sort of
old-timey about the way that they're
doing this right now is the law that
they're using the Bureau of Land
Management has determined that the
process to do that claim staking will be
governed by the general mining law of
1872 because if we're gonna treat the
environment like we're back in the 19th
century why not use a 19th century law
which covers mining for metals such as
copper gold silver and uranium and it's
not just old-timey in terms of the year
it's old-timey in terms of what you need
to do a prospector literally has to
hammer four poles into the ground
corresponding to the four points of a
parcel of land a prospector then has to
chew tobacco and spit it out no and then
he has 30 days to record the claim at
the local BLM office so they literally
have to go out there and stake into the
ground around the place like this is not
this is not some like gap-toothed guy in
a big hat this is huge corporation but
they still have to go through this
process because they think that's the
legal protection that they need oh and
let's let's pause there for saying okay
because I want you to understand the
insanity that could is even outside the
control room tomorrow morning so this is
Friday 6:00 a.m. local time that this
will happen anyone can do it okay so
these corporations are the ones who
pushed for it we know who pushed for we
know what they're gonna do and I'm gonna
tell you the degree of the robbery and
how little they're gonna give the
American taxpayer in return because of
the law of 1872 but right now you can do
it too you could actually go out there
and you put the four poles on the ground
up to 20 acres and you put your written
note about how you're staking claim to
that land on one of the poles this is
literal okay you stick it on the pole
okay and then you got 30 days so it's
okay take a load off you have 30 days to
file and afterwards but what if
everybody rushes out at the same time
because it's not like the old days where
there was seven dudes out here right and
they're like oh well if I've got that
before I did huh okay well I had 28 days
to stake this land right no we can all
rush out there now and stick pulls all
over the place and be like okay I now
have the uranium here which is really
really valuable yeah this is nuts so
then okay but did they tell you about it
they were like did Trump in his State of
the Union go by the way there's a Gold
Rush coming literally
okay gold uranium etcetera I opened up
all these national monuments Friday 6
a.m. local time go get him right no he
only told the corporation's who are the
ones who wanted it in the first place
and asked them to take away these
national parks for their benefit so you
know how much they're gonna have to pay
us in return get a load of this well
there's a whopping two hundred and
twelve dollar
Eiling fee hmm okay and then there's an
annual maintenance fee of a hundred and
fifty dollars hmm now they don't get to
keep the land forever
but they have the rights to the minerals
in what used to be public land our Lynn
funny enough the meat thing they want is
uranium oh look there is a uranium
controversy after all but it's the Trump
administration so they're gonna steal
our uranium right from underneath our
nose and give us in return
a hundred and fifty bucks unprecedented
level of corruption I mean look you
could make an argument I can understand
how Republicans might say hey you know
what look you're gonna destroy the
Native American heritage and you're
gonna screw up the environment and all
your conservationists that know people
who want to do the hikes and the hunting
and all this stuff whether you're
conservative liberal okay that's we
can't do that because this is really
important to the country we need that
uranium or we're gonna make a lot of
money but don't worry the people of Utah
and and the other states that are
affected in the whole country
we're all gonna profit in that we're all
gonna share in that no you get nothing
you get a hundred and fifty bucks a year
they get all the mineral rights yeah by
going out there and putting four poles
in and they're the ones who convince
Trump to do it in the first place
yeah that is classic corruption yeah
it's corruption and it's it's just it's
despicable cutting it by eighty five
percent and look if if if nobody sticks
the claim and nobody puts their stake in
and nobody takes the minerals out then
theoretically we have another election
we can reap rhetoric
maybe it'll take a lot of work but it
could happen I mean after all under
under Clinton and under Obama they made
a lot of these protected territories
both on the land and at sea so we could
do that but the problem with mining is
that once you mine the land you can't
unbind and I know some people want to
sort of just you bide our time and then
if Bernie gets elected in 2020 then
everything's good again but not
everything's good again if you destroy a
sacred heritage site you don't get it
back you can't unmai nat that point and
that's why these sorts of moves are not
just corrupt and they're not just
disheartening their permit
okay we have to live with them our kids
at the live of them the land is
irreparable harmed at that point and
huge huge portions of the land at that
bear in mind also it's not getting
talked about a lot for some reason but
in the tax bill they also authorized a
drilling that again the rape of the
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and so
that area too once it's got pipelines
all through it and it's been dug - I'm
not gonna swear I want to you can't undo
that okay you can't undestand well
that's why this stuff is so incredibly
disheartening so which company wanted
this in the first place energy fuels
resources wrote a letter back in May to
the Trump administration saying I want
them by uranium Lebowski they're gonna
go put out all their stakes tomorrow
morning but you guys are Americans too
so if you live near Bear ears or Grand
staircase-escalante national monument
and you the parts that they privatized
well go and put your stakes in the
ground I'm serious I give I had known
earlier I just send a crew out there and
TYT want to grab some uranium mines yeah
hey we're not gonna do what these
companies do but if it's if we have
mayhem and we have insanity okay
been idle I'd rather have you guys have
it than these companies and then maybe
we could give it back to the public
right yeah so rush out there tomorrow
morning and maybe they think oh nobody
will find out we wrote you know Trump's
doing us a favor we'll just go out there
and put our stakes in the ground and
just rob their American people that used
to be their land yesterday it's our land
now right unless you go out there and
put the stakes in the ground no it's
crazy right but you have just as much
right this 1872 law was when there was
like 13 people in the country okay
they're like oh it doesn't matter
there's only three guys out there right
now though there's a whole bunch of
people that live in Utah in these other
areas you can go stake that claim you
know what if you go out there claim some
land take pictures send it in to us
we'll talk about on the show I totally
well okay that would be awesome
TYT Network comm you'll find on the
website how to email us email us show us
your stakes on the ground note you put
on there
know where you got 30 days to file claim
afterwards okay 20 acres at a time
Google have at it Hoss if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying get home like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
