Senator Joe Manchin loves to tout how
bipartisan he is and the state of the
union was a great opportunity to do that
he wanted to make sure that Trump and
the Republicans knew what a big fan he
was so he kept standing up and
applauding it was noted by Fox News they
were thrilled about it and they had him
on to discuss it let's watch the motto
is in god we trust'
most democrats sat when the president
said that but not this Democrat West
Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin why he's
about six five we took the wide shot we
saw you get agree six three but we saw
you study you set up a lot during the
speech and what you were on the other
side of the aisle where people mad at
you for doing that no that's the way I
was raised in West Virginia we have
respect there's some civility still yet
there should be civility in this place
oh no no no I just I want to make sure
everybody knows I'm with Donald Trump on
these things
now he's theoretically a Democrat from
West Virginia I had him on the program
you know you do me check that out at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
when I asked him about his donors he
said he doesn't even know who his donors
are curious Oh check it out see if you
believe him but Fox News was super happy
of course about Democrat cheerleading
for Trump so they had more of this let's
watch you know all fairness Brian I've
seen it on both sides
yeah when Obama gave you all hatches
Republicans that's disrespect but I
never saw those districts but I never
saw the storming out afterwards
Oh decease and thanked him because he
talked about coal we're gonna do coal
research research and development opiate
addiction I need I need that
infrastructure I've never seen a pothole
that belonged to a Democrat Republican
so sighs not me I stood there and I
thanked Donald Trump now let's see if
the Republicans are going to thank
Manchin back because mansion thinks is a
good strategy you reached out to
Republicans they're probably you know
reach back out to you Oh Mike Pence was
in West Virginia and decided to reach
out to Joe Manchin and wanted to shake
his hand let's watch you know I was here
just a few months ago I spoke at the
West Virginia Chamber of Commerce
senator Manchin was there I looked him
in the eye and I told him I said Joe the
people the mountain state are counting
on you and I said let's get this tax cut
done together but Joe voted no Joe voted
no to give working families more of your
hard earned money
Joe voted no on tax cuts for job
creators and on expanding the child tax
credit giving you your first twenty four
thousand dollars in income tax free real
breaks for families in West Virginia Joe
voted no hmm looks like you reached out
to shake their hands and they reached
out with the back of their hand they
came to your home state and started
ripping you oh you reach out the
Republicans and they don't reciprocate
huh golly gee color me surprised but
every time Democrats go out they're like
no you guys like me you guys like
they're you on my side no Joe they're
not on your side look to be fair to Joe
Manchin he did vote against the tax bill
the tax bill is massively rigged towards
the rich and towards corporations and
58% of Americans know that and it's
deeply unpopular it ain't gonna help the
people of West Virginia it's gonna help
the people at the top now give you more
context Manchin another a lot of the
other corporate Democrats said that they
wanted to give corporations a tax break
oh yeah yeah but just not as much as the
Republicans that that is not a good
talking point okay but Pence is not done
beating up Manchin yet here's some more
open handed slaps but it's not just the
tax cut Senator Joe Manchin has voted no
time and again on the policies that West
Virginia needs when the time came to
repeal and replace the disaster of
Obamacare Joe voted no when we empowered
West Virginia to defund Planned
Parenthood Joe voted no and when it
comes to that wall that we're gonna
build on the southern border Joe said
quote while I'm not voting for the wall
either folks Joe's just gonna keep
voting against
Virginia now that might make Chuck
Schumer and Nancy Pelosi pretty happy
but West Virginia needs to let him know
you expect better from Joe this going
halfway towards the Republicans ever get
you anything
is it ever reciprocated no they compare
you to Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
anyway but like I sucker all these
Democrats go I just meet him halfway I
bet be they'd really appreciate that
so now mansion is surprised in fact he
says he's shocked so he tweets out I am
shocked
and after the Vice President worked for
almost a year in a divisive and partisan
way to take health care away from almost
200,000 West Virginia's bankrupt our
hospitals and push tax cuts for the
wealthiest Americans and huge
corporations that he would come to West
Virginia and continue partisan attacks
well Joe you shouldn't be shocked of
course they were gonna do that look you
should have been making the argument you
made in that tweet from day one but by
the time you gave away half a loaf they
use that as a stick against you
over Mancha's as corporate tax cuts are
a good thing but even didn't want as
many as much to a corporate tax cuts
well that's if they're a good thing
shouldn't you want more right that the
things that are included in that tweet
to be fair to Senator Manchin are good
counter-attacks the Republicans instead
of at trying to help them how's this for
crazy idea continue to counter-attack
them oh wow all right listen almost
sounds like politics 101
alright here's more from Manchin he says
last week I worked in a bipartisan way
with Senator Collins to end the shutdown
and last night Trump called for unity
and bipartisanship yeah I know so you
were expecting good things to come no no
no no I mean it's isn't it amazing that
there's this naive and and this
wrongheaded for after all that we have
seen through all these years last one
for mention he says the VP's comments
are exactly why Washington sucks I'm
disappointed in his comments will
continue to work me to make Washington
work so
Virginia in our country work that's
supposed to be populist you know he's
trying to learn from Trump
I said sucks it sounds more childish
than anything else but look the main
takeaway is the way to beat Republicans
is not too much shake their hands not to
applaud them not to go halfway towards
them but to fight them and I want to
leave one more expert here to sum up the
country's feelings about Joe Manchin
congratulations you plays yourself
that's all I gotta say about that if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
