alright guys I'm blown away by the
number of people who have joined us in
our membership tribe we're trying to get
to a hundred thousand people that's a
lot it is as I have said before
improbable but I believe that we can do
it together now a lot of you have
written in with your comments as to why
you became a member I love these so I
wanted to share it with everybody so let
me get to it Kathryn says I became a
member on the first day of the tribe and
honestly I value that money more than
the money I'm saving up for college I
know you care more about my future than
for-profit colleges do thanks for
opening up my eyes and making me a
better person and those are strong words
and I love you for Thank You Kathryn
Marie wrote us and said join TYT a
couple of weeks ago have been watching
since Bernie in the primaries TYT has
helped me realize the importance of the
progressive agenda made a couple of
donations to the Bernie camp but this
election season I decided to do much
more I'm hosting multiple phone banks
for Beto and flying down in Texas to
help get out the vote go TYT keep up the
great work you too brother that is
amazing jenker Bell writes in that's
funny I finally did it I signed up Thank
You TYT for your excellent honest
coverage that is not held captive by
corporate interests Thank You Jake
repeal alinka says okay just join at the
activist level because for a moment I
imagined the news landscape without TYT
and I physically shuddered I may not
agree with everything TYT puts out but
that doesn't mean that I don't want TYT
voices out there loud and proud also the
consistent messaging of getting money
out of politics that TYT shouts out in
every episode is 100 percent right on
thank you and finally a shout out to
theatre goddess who says I recently
became a member because I believe in an
independent press that is accountable
only to the people and I wanted to be
part of the hashtag improbable
membership drive thank you all of you
guys thank you for being part of home
and progressives and everybody out there
let's sign up today if you can at TYT
dot-com slash join
