Baltimore is currently in the middle of
one of the largest police scandals of
recent memory certainly of my memory and
as this case continues some of the
information coming out about what these
cops were getting up to is pretty
shocking so there's this particular
squad that had been like accosting drug
dealers and stealing money and then it
goes even past that it gets into extreme
police brutality a territory so we want
to give you those details prosecutors
say that the squad which was tasked with
getting illegal guns off the streets
abuse its power by robbing suspects and
innocent people raiding homes without
warrants and selling confiscated drugs
among other crimes so conceivably one
part of the squad I guess could then
bust the other part of the squad if I
wanted to
detective Maurice Ward who's already
pleaded guilty to corruption charges
testified that he and his partners were
also told to carry gun replicas and BB
guns quote in case we accidentally hit
somebody or got into a shootout so we
could plant them the directive allegedly
came from the team sergeant Wayne
Jenkins according to the Washington Post
and so we don't know for sure yet if
anyone actually used that advice
although there is evidence that they did
detective Marcus Taylor another cop
currently swept up in the scandal was
carrying a fake gun almost identical to
his service weapon when he was arrested
last year according to the Sun and so
this sort of advice not only stops you
from actually understanding why a
shooting happen or why somebody was
killed by the cops but might make it
more likely to happen in the future so
this partly explains all the toy guns
you always hear about when people are
shot Oh somebody was shot and oh but you
can understand it was an innocent
misunderstanding cuz he was holding it
we don't like this there's that many toy
guns in the world and so some of them
I'm sure were real toy guns and some of
them apparently were not and this is to
come or were tour guns but they weren't
actually that person's toy guns and sort
of a get out of justice free card for
the cops in that case but then if we
could just go back to the the busting
the drug dealers for a second there's I
mean the sums of
involved are pretty big so at one point
this squad stopped the drug dealer
during a traffic stop
took $6,500 from him
apparently found out where his home was
went they're busted in without a warrant
and took one hundred thousand dollars
out of a safe which was just then
there's I guess I mean he's a criminal
so who is he going to turn to but that's
not what the cops are supposed to be
doing there and apparently what they
would do in some cases was they would
stop a drug dealer and then ask them for
insider information saying things like
if you had a squad where would you go to
to break in to try to get money or drugs
or something like that so they were sort
of flipping the drug dealers not to
score arrests but to score drugs and
cash for their own gain so I won't talk
about one other thing that is
particularly terrible about this story
one of the reasons that they kept toy
guns around
what's the planted on kids they would
shoot yeah so they knew that they would
sometimes get into what they called
shootouts or or just flat-out shooting
of one of the things that they would do
for example to give you a sense of it is
they drive really fast into a crowd of
people or kids that were standing around
and stops suddenly and then whoever ran
they would chase now do they know who
was in the crowd no do they have any
information on them no they did it just
to just to harass these people etc and
then as you've seen in some cases people
get would get shot and and then when
they and sometimes from the back and so
after they shoot them if they're kids
what makes sense oh they had a toy gun
so it is as bad as it gets now look six
out of the eight have already pled
guilty so this is not conjectured this
is absolute reality one of the terrible
stories coming out of it is one of the
cops was set to testify against the
other cops the night before the
testimony he wind up getting shot by his
own gun what a coincidence
and so they haven't solved that one yet
my guess is it is related to the cops he
was going to testify against yeah you
just watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
