all right back I think I wait a minute
we didn't even get started welcome to
The Young Turks I do that on rebel
headquarters almost every day I'm like
back on rebel headquarters oh right that
was from yesterday anyway Genki Granicus
Ted Cove has died everybody look at this
from t whitey investigates he's in the
house he's normally in a in a secure
location and a but undisclosed bunker in
the middle of the country making those
stories yeah
breaking kneecaps breaking stories all
day long for t whitey investigates hey
great to be here and for the record he's
never broken a kneecap in his life no
Ben mankiewicz almost had a kneecap
broken remember this story told in the
postgame with a guy the movie yeah yeah
yeah yeah so anyways big show ahead as
usual for you guys and actually tonight
you know rebel headquarters of course
Lisa ring just democratise running
went to talk to people fighting the
against climate change it's a really
interesting story we'll do fun postgame
we'll get into Ken's personal life
that'll be fun
he doesn't know that he just found that
okay and then later for the members you
get to watch TYT interviews live i want
to go in-depth with Ken and Jonathan
Larson from the TYT investigates team so
you guys can see what they're up to and
talk about some of the stories they've
broken recently okay speaking breaking
news we have something right off the top
for you guys in a sec but I tell you I
mean we're gonna get to it in a minute -
but the Souris thing has me in an
absolute rage the lies about the caravan
are disastrous and but I need you to
stay around near the end of the show
when we talk about the polling Donald
Trump's polling it is amazing okay I'm
just gonna leave it at that and and it's
super relevant obviously the elections
that are coming up in two weeks so
before we do anything else though I
asked her I forgot to tell you guys this
I'm gonna tell them by gifting right off
the top okay so you guys asked for the
ability to give gifts to
the membership gift because you're
awesome and I love that you guys asked
for and and bless your arse for it and
and it's a win-win in two different ways
one it helps build the home and
progressives we're basically a
progressive Netflix we have 18 different
progressive shows you're gonna watch out
of free anytime if you sign up and so
that's T y-t-dot-com slash join of
course to sign up but folks said hey
look I got an Uncle Bob that I want to
give a membership to cuz I want him to
watch this cuz he's conservative or he's
independent and I but he's a good guy
and and I want him to be exposed to this
or he's watching too much FoxNews I got
a dad I got a grandma or hey I got a
friend who'd like it he's a great
progressive he doesn't know about it I
want to give a gift to him or he can't
afford it and I want to give a gift to
him so bless your hearts for doing that
so we now made that available t
y-t-dot-com slash gift is the way to do
that and so you could buy a monthly
renew a membership like like a lot of
you have most of you have or you could
just do a one-time membership of three
months six months twelve months we're
giving you all those options because you
know I don't know what your budget is
and I don't know how well you know Uncle
Bob made me think just three months
he'll do it for so thank you guys for
asked him for that and and we built it
for you so T y-t-dot-com slash gift to
make that happen alright let's get
started what do you got it we have a
breaking news story regarding Saudi
Arabia Mike Pompeo has given a press
conference and in that press conference
he specified that the State Department
is considering possible sanctions
against the Saudi officials who were
part of khashoggi 's death now Saudi
Arabia has changed its story several
times in regard to what happened to
khashoggi first they said that they were
certain that khashoggi left the
consulate in Istanbul later they said
that he was accidentally killed during
interrogations an interrogation that had
gone wrong in the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul but either way because of
increasing pressure toward the White
House and specifically the State
Department
paio said during this media briefing
that the state and Treasury departments
are looking at the possibility of
sanctions meant to target those
responsible for human rights violations
now one other bit of evidence that shows
that there's mounting pressure toward
the Trump administration is how Trump
has been reacting to this story today
now first it seemed as though he was
doing anything and everything possible
to help the Saudis cover for this murder
but now he has some relatively strong
words for the Saudis in fact he was
quoted as saying they had a very bad
original concept it was carried out
poorly and the cover-up was the worst in
the history of cover-ups they had the
worst cover-up ever which I love because
the issue here isn't the murder of a
journalist it's that they didn't carry
it out and cover it up well know exactly
that they got caught that's the problem
yeah it's a great point Ken and I I have
to confess a I lost track of that I
don't think that he's ever said how
gruesome dismembered is like oh my god I
can't believe they beheaded this guy I
can't believe it cut off his fingers
while he was alive I can't believe they
brought a bone saw he's never said any
of that stuff all he's ever said is like
well joy could could be you know could
maybe they were Roy I hope it's I would
love it if it's not Mohammed bin Salman
that's what he said yesterday now he's
saying oh it's a terrible worst cover-up
ever well okay good I'll take it that a
hazing at least acknowledging is the
terrible cover-up and then he's not
gonna be able to aid and abet in that
cover-up because its blown back up in
his face and I hear I Got News for
politicians in Washington cuz they
apparently they don't know this no one
in this country like Saudi Arabia and
and by the way in this case I think it's
merited I don't mean just in the case of
khashoggi I mean in the case of Saturday
Arabia not because the Saudi Arabian
people are bad people of course not
they're human beings just like everybody
else but their government is atrocious
has been consistently atrocious the
right wing doesn't like Saudi Arabia the
left wing doesn't like heavier it's got
no fan base so his Trump was sitting out
there for weeks defending them he was
getting pummeled and his ratings are now
disastrous you know that's of course not
the sole factor but I don't
get help them and even the right-wing
yeah they was trying to smear khashoggi
it's the calling him a terrorist
sympathizer and etc but that didn't go
over too well didn't work that was the
thing that I really noticed today
because that whole whisper campaign to
essentially slander Khashoggi as this
Islamic extremist and someone who
deserved it
it didn't work it didn't catch on and I
think it's because Trump's
administration and right-wing propaganda
s-- underestimated how much Americans
including the right wing are sick and
tired of the Saudi royals and their
antics not just here in the United
States but throughout the world and what
I also found interesting was the New
York Times take on this because while we
emphasize the financial ties that Trump
has with Saudi Arabia and I always think
that Trump thinks about himself and
himself only when it comes to his
decision-making the nur of time seems to
latch on to how Saudi Arabia is the
centerpiece of Donald Trump's foreign
policy right especially when it comes to
combating Iran so I think that there's
truth to that but I don't think that
that's really the motivating factor here
for Trump I really think it's the
financial ties as you said they give me
40 50 million dollars for my apartments
why wouldn't I like them well maybe
because they behead people on a regular
basis and again I have never heard a
real American outside of Washington ever
say and I love that government of Saudi
Arabia right right never ever ever and
you're not gonna hear it so and and as
they dismember someone defending them
just man was not well playing well in
Peoria as they say in politics right
hate so so now he's saying oh god the
worst cover-up ever can't believe it but
again look give them credit if their
head in the right direction we'll take
it revoking the the visas great and and
two more quick things about it if you
remember of course Fahrenheit 9/11
Michael Moore's movie I think that
resonated with people they're not just
liberals the fact that we whisk the
Saudi royals
bin Laden family etc out of the country
to protect them after they had attacked
us on 9/11
and again I don't know those particular
folks that were in Texas and other
places in the country had personally
attacked us but fifteen out of the
nineteen hijackers were Saudis and at a
bare minimum we could have done some
vetting or you know extreme vetting as
Trump would say but hey I'll take any
kind of vetting questioning instead of
questioning them we're like oh you're a
bin Laden great let's get you out of the
country so with that history as the
background here not getting tough on the
Saudis was a disastrous political
situation for a Trump and so finally I
think the most important part of this is
how does this end so now there is an I
already pointed out they tried four
different excuses not a move have worked
is there a point at which the King
Salman starts to reconsider whether you
should have Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman running everything because by the
way he's not supposed to in in the Saudi
monarchy it does not go from father to
son it goes brother to brother to
brother and then he were supposed to go
back to the son of the first brother
this bin Salman actually kidnapped the
other Royals that might be competition
and some reports was that he torched
some people and now a lot more credible
given what he's done before at this
point and and threatened them and kind
of seized power is it possible that his
dad would then take it away from him I
don't know the mental health of his dad
and etc but the one way that the Saudis
could actually resolve it is say he's
not the Crown Prince anymore
now no one has suggested that but they
really should he's not even supposed to
be the leader of Saturday right I mean
this is some game of Thrones stuff right
especially considering what he did to
his own uncle's I mean and and who's to
say he wouldn't do that to his own
father I mean he kidnapped the leader of
Lebanon this guy will stop at nothing so
I don't know we don't know how it's
gonna end we can only speculate but he's
a scary guy and you know it's amazing
the things that he did behind the scenes
while he had this facade of
progressivism because he allowed women
to drive you know oh he's a reformed
no he's not he's actually a lot worse
when it comes to you know some of the
major things including the brutality
that he'll do just to remain in power
and boy did that false impression blow
up in Washington's face all the people
carrying water for him like Thomas
Friedman in New York Times saying here
comes the Saudi Arab Spring now they
have to deal with all this yeah they're
in perpetual quest for Arab dictator
that we can control and so you know it'd
be great to have reformed leaders and
and looked yeah I want to reform leaders
all over the Middle East as much as
Thomas Friedman does but this like oh I
bet it's this dictator that's gonna work
for us or this CIA puppet that's gonna
work for us it hasn't and and it's
inauthentic this he has no support from
the people and in the middle of now
Saudi Arabia has a cash crunch too
that's why they're trying to get
investment here they're about to do this
big summit oops he totally screwed that
up totally incompetent and now everybody
bailed out of that conference even
including the Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin who had hung in there for a
long time now he's not gonna go and in
the middle of that economic chaos he
bought himself a half a billion dollar
yacht that's that's who bin Salman is
and and he was feted by the Washington
elite when he came here including the
media unfortunately yes as Yemen is
being starved to death at the same time
and that also is contributing greatly to
the you know economic problems that
they're having in Saudi Arabia the
disjunct is just it's like almost
Dickensian you know the extraordinary
wealth for this individual and what he's
doing to the poorest country in the
region and and that did not move the
American media the wholesale slaughter
and an in starvation in Yemen but one of
their own being dismembered that moved
mm-hmm alright switching gears a little
bit an explosive device was found in the
mailbox of George Soros this was luckily
detonated by police and this was all
thanks to
employee who had discovered the device
luckily when the employee had opened the
package and discovered the device it
didn't detonate but according to reports
according to the New York Times an
employee of the residents opened the
package revealing what appeared to be an
explosive device the employee placed the
package in a wooded area and then called
Bedford Police this is in a New York
suburb to be specific also device the
device was proactively detonated by bomb
squad technicians from Westchester
County Police Department also I just
wanted to share this one piece from the
New York Times story because I thought
it was a little ridiculous the Bombers
motive remained unclear I think we know
what the Bombers motive was I don't know
maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm making too
many assumptions but look I get it
they're trying to be as responsible as
possible also I just want to be clear
about why something like this would
happen there has been a concerted effort
by right-wingers and right-wing media to
go after Soros and and spread all sorts
of insane conspiracy theories and by the
way US politicians do the same so this
month representative Matt gates he's a
Republican of Florida falsely speculated
that Soros had funded a caravan of
migrants moving north toward Mexico Matt
Gaetz is his total liar he lies all the
time with impunity and no conscious he
goes on television and will say almost
anything to support Donald Trump be a
hideous right winger etc he's all the
worse guys in Congress if if fascists
took over the country Matt Gaetz would
be that the head of the line leading
that parade enthusiastically so what
would I hit you to say about someone and
what a preposterous slide that George
Soros funded the cabin those are people
who are incredibly poor who are running
away from violence in their own
countries who are looking for peace and
economic gravity sores went to their
villages and MIT what was like hey you
poor people come here come here I got a
great idea we'll do a caravan and if he
funded them boy he did a terrible job of
funding them because
look at him okay if you've seen the
caravan on TV they look like they're
living a posh lifestyle I don't think
there's any real housewives have got
them all in there okay but what the
crazy thing about this is what Matt
Gaetz said was just false full of lies
just constantly spreading this
propaganda negative propaganda towards
Soros but among the things that we've
heard about Soros and the conspiracy
theories that are floating around out
there
that's actually a tame one it's a mild
one yeah and so I do want to commend the
New York Times for one thing where they
finally had the gathered up the courage
to say that Soros has been the target of
anti-semitic smears because they are
they are anti-semitic can you just call
it what it is and thank God finally now
when they put a bomb in this house
finally the New York Times acknowledges
the reality of it so they have
caricatures of George Soros being the
puppet master that's the oldest well the
second oldest of them blood libel
anti-semitic smear there is that the
Jews secretly controls things behind the
scenes and okay the cartoons are harken
back to Nazi Germany they're the same
exact cartoons right and in the big nose
and the whole thing the caricature of
all that right but all of the verbiage
the the language that they use is the
same exact thing source controls
everything source funds everything sores
the evil guy that's behind all this and
and Glenn Beck with his chalkboard back
in the day on Fox News it all leads to
Soros and the tides foundation and
remember somebody went to go shoot up
the tides foundation and they got in a
shootout with cops and so and they've
been agitating and agitating to try to
get for basically a schism what is
anybody ever gonna do anything about
this guy and finally somebody put a bomb
in his house and and and by the way as
always with terrorists and whoever tried
to bomb George Soros is clearly a
terrorist exactly I mean it look can we
call that what it is I mean the imagine
of a Muslim guy put a bomb in a in any
politicians house right a Republican one
well yeah we'd all say he's a terrorist
right so just call
we extremism what it is terrorism meant
to obviously tear us and maybe murdered
not maybe definitely murder George Soros
it's a bomb right and so a nestled all
stupid terrorists of course somebody
that he's rich of course somebody else
in the house was gonna open the mail are
you gonna blow up somebody who's yeah I
don't know how much they're making right
god and that's so stupid and immoral and
terrible and look I then they had the
audacity to talk about a left-wing mob
like that's yes okay there's so many
things to touch on with this story
because I think that this one story is
basically an accumulation of a bunch of
different problems we've been having in
society an issue with rhetoric you know
problems when it comes to using politics
to incite violence so why do that why
does the right-wing hate George Soros so
much what is it about George Soros that
they hate okay and I want to talk about
this because it's a good way to
juxtapose the way the left-wing handles
something that they dislike and the way
the right-wing handles something that
they dislike so on the right you have
mega donors like the Koch brothers you
have the Mercer's you have Foster Friess
you have all sorts of right-wing mega
donors who go out of their way to really
influence politics not just fun
campaigns I mean you look at
turning-point USA and you look at who
their mega donors are not the grassroots
of the country okay the major Republican
donors are involved and so on the Left
we raise awareness about that without
demonizing those mega mega donors
because it's important for people to
know what's at play it's important for
people to be able to find you know where
the propaganda is and to be a little
more skeptical about the information
that they're getting information they're
getting from clowns like Charlie Kirk
but on the right you have George Soros
who does give money to Depp Democrats
right so just to give you an example
Soros contributed more than 25 million
dollars to Hillary Clinton and other
Democratic candidates and causes during
the 2016 election cycle that's why the
right wing
hatin right but just be honest about why
you hate him don't use anti-semitic
smears don't use conspiracy theories
don't lie about him
just tell the truth you don't like the
fact that there's money in politics that
actually benefits people on the left and
guess what I agree with you we all agree
here we want the money out of politics
there's no question about that
no more mega donors no more super PACs
but instead of actually getting to the
root of the problem the right wing will
fear monger they'll spread the
conspiracy theories they'll spread the
propaganda and they'll incite violence
and that's exactly you know what
happened today with this story that's
the reason why someone decided we
decided it was a good idea to send a
bomb to George Soros his home what
strikes me about this is at the exact
same time that the right-wing is shaking
in their boots over you know so-called
caravans of migrants that probably want
to come here to pick lettuce or
something and Syrian refugees and so on
and so forth
who's committing the terror and there's
good Studies on this bike organizations
that look at extremism I believe last
year there was a report issued I know I
got picked up the New York Times that
found the vast majority of terror
attacks in the US are actually far
right-wing in nature yes in fact I have
the exact numbers on this because I just
studied it in to get ready for the
target girls in debate so right-wing
extremism went up by 59% last year and
in the last decade 71% of people killed
in terrorist attacks in America were
killed by right-wing extremists
now 26% were killed by Muslim extremists
which is far too high and
disproportionate to the size of the in
the population by the way left-wing and
all other extremists combined were only
three percent seventy one percent were
right-wing extremists who committed
terrorism but again as usual the
mainstream media treats it with kid
gloves oh my god will offend our right
wing audience and all ratings will go
down so don't tell the truth cover it up
Saints are just the Muslims but don't
say it's the right wing even though it
clearly clearly clearly is the right
wing so now look on the politics and the
demonization is set up so first off
Foster Friess is a is a really
well-known
Republican donor gives to Turning Point
USA and many other Republican candidates
etc I had him on the show on when we
were doing it on Current TV he's a very
likable guy okay he's a lovely guy and
you know and he doesn't have like the
some of the elitist trappings that some
of the other donors donors have but does
that mean we should allow him to bribe
our politicians oh that's preposterous
now he can't give money to to charlie
kirkin whoever he else he likes to do
you know spread his message etc but he
should not be able to contribute to
contribute to and obviously legally
bribe all those politicians George Soros
what they say about him is a hundred
percent wrong so it okay to be fair not
a hundred percent because he gives the
Democratic Party but in terms of how
they characterize him so and then I'll
tell you why I'm actually opposed to
Soros politically and I know that's
gonna throw the right wing for a total
loop okay but he gave eighteen billion
dollars to the open society foundation
18 billion what does the open society
foundation do it promotes democracy and
human rights around the world and a lot
of that was in Soviet Union countries
that are now the former Soviet Union he
helped him to he helped to bring them
out of communism he's from Hungary okay
and and he didn't want them in communism
you know why he sent giant capitalists
he's actually one of the best-known
capitalists in the history of the world
came fabulously wealthy by being a hedge
fund manager he runs a hedge fund one of
the most successful hedge funds in
history I mean to call that guy a
socialist is insane he was even quoted
as saying I don't particularly want to
be a Democrat so he's not even like this
extreme leftist do you know no he in
fact speaks out against what he calls
extreme left which by the way in his
mind might be us so what he gave twenty
five million dollars to Hillary Clinton
and other Democrats they used that money
to not just against Trump but against
Bernie Sanders and against other
progressive Democrats so do I want
George Soros as money out of politics i
I've been consistent on this for as long
as we've been doing the Young Turks
well before he spent money against
Bernie Sanders or anybody else okay of
course I want sources money I don't want
unlike the right-wing who doesn't care
about fairness or principles at all
they'd be like Oh Koch brothers money
Foster Friess money that's great they
should use it to bribe every politician
there is George Soros evil I can't
believe you give money to politicians
right no I wasn't there evil or not
which I don't think they are they just
we're either working in their
self-interest on the right wing cos from
for tax cuts honestly for source of some
of others against their own self its
interest because their taxes would go up
if the politicians they want win either
way
I don't want everybody in politics wolf
dash pack.com get the money out 28th
amendment get all of the money out
corporate money out Union money out
source money out etc and how do you
actually fight back yes people who you
think are damaging the country it's okay
to think that hey I think the Koch
brothers are damaging the country with
their politics you think Soros is okay
well for God's sake we live in a
democracy for now kind of mainly mostly
the substitutional republic change right
wing talking point against democracy and
they just anyway so well James Thompson
running right now in the cokes home town
in Kansas sport district he's a Justice
Democrat so he takes no corporate PAC
money so to defeat the Koch brothers in
their home district with a guy who
doesn't take any corrupt money that's
victory that's America that's how you do
it not by putting bombs in people's
houses yeah all right we got to take a
quick break let's do that and when we
come back we will give you updates on
the migrant caravan story including some
of the fear-mongering that we're seeing
on the right we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash joined today in the meantime
enjoy this free second
all right back on TYT eclectic
miscellaneous is great to have Ken Club
design from T YT investigates on one of
my favorite parts of being a TOI team
member is helping support the TYT
investigates team you broke as some
great stories that aren't being covered
elsewhere thank you it's very nice and
correct sir spork a lot right sit in the
member section it is what it is he says
about Saudi Arabia
of course it's financial also let's not
forget this at Arabia it was the very
first country he visited as president it
took how long before we visited anyone
else nevermind Canada or the UK way over
a year by the way I had not remembered
this until I saw the news story the
other day I'm now obsessed with it I
Trump has not visited any war zone Iraq
Afghanistan or any of those why he's so
afraid he ran out drawing them down too
and so I don't think he wants to tension
you know and the fact that he didn't do
it about any of that yeah yeah and then
Gabi Morita says left wing radicals in
2018 talking loudly at you and Cuban
restaurants right-wing radicals in 2018
attempted assassination yeah it's really
tough to tell who's a real violent mob
and Trump sorry I gotta just add
something to that like Trump just said
at a rally like he just applauded a
lawmaker who body slammed a journalist I
mean come on you want to talk to me
about the violence the violent mobs we
were just a politican I I can assure you
the left does not consist of the violent
mob yeah
eczema boy on Twitter writes in polo to
whitey which story has changed more
times the Saudis with khashoggi or the
Trump campaigns meeting with the
Russians not a bad point so we'll get
the Trump's polling in a second because
I think the jury's starting to come in
but let's check the thermometer real
quick you see where we are T y-t-dot-com
/join and I believe that if you go to
TYT diagram slash gift and and buy a
gift for someone that also counts into
the thermometer so we do we have that we
had it if we don't that's okay we can
show that are there it is
no that's not the thermometer that's the
Ted Cruz survived okay but that's good
twenty-two the husband for the dead Cruz
one we'll get to that story a little bit
later - all right we'll come back -
thermometer no big deal I know what sex
all right before we leave the George
sorro's story I wanted to touch on one
other angle so as we had mentioned
earlier George Soros had a or one of his
employees had discovered an explosive
device in his mailbox luckily no one got
hurt in the police successfully and
proactively detonated the explosive
device and so far we don't know of any
suspects but the authorities are looking
into it
but one other component of the story
that I wanted to touch on is the
reaction that we're seeing on social
media from right-wingers who have bought
into all of the conspiracy theories and
propaganda regarding George Soros now
look I usually don't care about what
people say on Twitter because oftentimes
you just come across anonymous you know
eggs and people just say things to
provoke but a lot of these include
people with their full names and I just
think that it's important for us to get
the I like the thought process that some
of these people have so one person wrote
unfortunately Soros doesn't pick up his
own mail this person is anonymous
obviously but what does that even mean
so you'd be happy if he died from an
explosive device yeah of course that's
what it means
yeah they're rooting on terrorism and by
the way these are all in response to a
Fox News tweet about it so Fox News
followers yeah exactly that's an
important piece so one other person
David
Salvy Co jr. says funding the protesters
mobs and whatever else but it's okay for
the Dems to attack the Republicans
that's why karma yeah nobody like for
example the other day we talked about
Mitch McConnell and how he got yelled at
at a Cuban restaurant in Kentucky let's
note for the record there's Cuban
restaurants in Kentucky okay so we said
it was out of balance to throw over a
throw out his leftovers onto the
sidewalk a little different than a bomb
okay and that's as far as anyone has
gotten on the gun on the left and and we
say don't do that okay and
telling your elected representatives
that you are unhappy with their votes is
the single most American thing you could
do
planting a bomb in someone's house is
the single most terrorist thing you
could do one other person wrote Saudis
haha I never want anything bad to happen
to anyone but I believe there is a very
special very warm place for him in the
very near future / I want something bad
to happen to this guy yeah amazing one
other person wrote finally a positive
start to our morning
it's Kevin McBride but these go on and
on and on and on right so do these
particular people tweeting represent all
Republicans since we're fair we're gonna
say of course not right and but you know
how Fox News would react if the shoes on
the other foot if they put up bombs
somebody put a bomb and the Koch
brothers mailbox which you'd like we
would say that is abhorrent terrible
disastrous right and Fox News a host
would find some get random dude on
Twitter and it would only take two they
like good enough it's all Democrats look
at their mobs look at their violence
look at all their stuff they they don't
have that and they still say it yep
right and that so this whole talk of you
know how the left is violence is both
hilarious and sickening when the
right-wing literally in this case and in
many cases revels in violence violence
is their unfortunately their go-to move
and so look again mainstream media is
not allowed to say because they don't
want to offend their viewers but they
had 17 people to pick from and
Republican voters picked Donald Trump so
if you think Donald Trump is vile and
his attack against Latinos Muslims
George Soros reporters you name it they
didn't pick him despite that they picked
him because of that the most accurate
thing Hillary Clinton has ever said in
her life was to say about half of
Trump's voters are the deplorable
unfortunately with this kind of reaction
to the
plotting the terrorists on the right
wing I'm afraid the numbers a little
higher than half so I want to have a
larger discussion about the
effectiveness and influence of
right-wing propaganda because we have
another story involving propaganda and
how successful it's been so various
politicians including Donald Trump and
members of right-wing media have been
fear-mongering and spreading propaganda
about the migrant caravan that is headed
for the United States now just to give
you a taste of some of the things that
we're hearing first we had Donald Trump
claiming that the caravan has now been
co-opted by Islamic extremists Middle
Easterners there has been absolutely no
evidence of that but Sarah Huckabee
Sanders his press secretary has doubled
down on that notion and just said today
the president absolutely has evidence of
unknown Middle Easterners traveling with
the caravan again there are reporters on
the scene and they are reporting that
there is absolutely no evidence of
Middle Easterners in the caravan
whatsoever
also reporters traveling with the
caravan this is what Trump said
reporters traveling with the caravan
would find ms-13 you're going to find
Middle Eastern you're going to find
everything and so reporters looked and
of course they found none of those
things none of those people in the
caravan and so it's what you hear 24/7
right now with the right-wing both
politicians and media in fact our very
own jr. Jackson put together a
compilation video to give you a taste of
what you can experience you're about to
see Pam Bondi in some of these clips she
is the Attorney General for the state of
Florida who is angling for a Fox News
job and get a load of some of the things
she and others have to say about the
caravan a large group of people the
court the caravan
true refugees fleeing oppression will in
camp wherever they can away from their
place of origin they're not here
peacefully in other words well then stay
in Mexico as the caravan and look that
is an assault on our country
this mobile mob a lot of people calling
it invasions it's violent right it's got
to stop well it's no wonder the Mobile
mob feels a Bolton I've seen firsthand
what comes into our country from Mexico
from China to Mexico they know that
there is protection in numbers
that if they flood the zone they'll be
able to overwhelm Border Patrol
officials the heroin the fentanyl all
the drugs
the gang members I'm talking to a lot of
your people and they're going to form a
wall different kind of a wall until we
get the other one built we need a wall
built fast fast okay so as usual none of
it is true
Matt Gutman from ABC News said I spent
seven years in the Middle East I speak a
little bit of Arabic and we went and
tried to find Middle Easterners there
are no Middle Easterners in that Caravan
I mean what a preposterous thought that
Middle Easterners would somehow wind up
in Honduras and join a caravan coming up
here are they violent there's absolutely
no evidence of that they are suggesting
as if they're going to break through
some sort of fence no they're going to a
port where they're going to seek asylum
legally never mentioned on Fox News a
mobile mob is what the graphic said next
to Laura Ingraham but look the good news
is and I think it's backfiring Trump's
poll numbers are in disastrous shape and
and their idea and this is why Andrew
Gilliam in the Florida governor's race
the very first thing he did after you
want the primary and Andrew Gilliam on
the primary he said you don't want to
monkey this up it was a clear racial
reference to Andrew Gilliam why why
would he say something so outrageous
because he thinks we're gonna rile one
we're gonna have one last dance here
when a rile up are a white racist voters
and do the Southern Strategy one more
okay but I think the good news is there
it that the country is not nearly as
racist as they think it is yes there is
plenty of that plenty but nah I don't
think it's enough to win the election
for De Santis who said that about
Gilliam right and and I don't think it's
enough for them to win the house and
what they don't realize they're doing is
right before the election they're
spitting in every Latinos face every
minorities face and like goading them to
go and vote they're like oh you're not
gonna vote well I got good news for you
I can't stand you I'll make up every
kind of line to demonize you and to make
sure that people hate you and are riled
up against you well all right duly noted
you know it's funny because right now
the Trump administration is making the
same mistake that some on the Left made
following the 2016 election so right now
this is all a political strategy right
so what you're seeing in this messaging
is a way of trying to get the you know
right wing report right wing voters
excited to go to the polls right because
Democrats thought that was the one and
only thing that convinced you know
Republicans to go out there and vote
they voted for Trump because of you know
their racist tendencies but the fact of
the matter is with the 2016 election as
we all know there were a number of
factors that played a role in Trump
winning the election it wasn't just you
know his his his slander toward
minorities and all that stuff that
played a role but that wasn't in my
opinion that wasn't really the dominant
factor and so I think that he's using
the streams the same strategy thinking
that this is the main thing that's gonna
get Republicans elected over Democrats
and I I agree with you I don't think
that's really gonna happen look I think
half of us as I've said a million times
half of his voters are the deplorable 's
ND and somewhat unlikely voters showed
up to vote for him because like oh wow
man finally something somebody's saying
what I've always been thinking and they
might not consider themselves racist but
they're like hey he had to courage
what's true that those people are
inferior to us right and so but a lot of
his voters were loved idea of draining
the swamp and all he's done is
corruption ever since he came into
office and it's glaringly obvious
without those voters all you have left
is twenty five percent of the country I
Got News for you
that doesn't win elections exactly and
and I'm sorry wanted to you because you
mentioned the demagoguing etc one more
thing about Laura Ingraham because you
saw in that clip now she gave the
merriam-webster definition dictionary
definition of a caravan now three of the
things that were in the definition were
totally uninteresting it would describes
you know a company or travelers of a
journey through a desert or hostile
regions a covered wagon or a motor
vehicle equipped as traveling living
course why would you even put that up
one thing I said though also a train of
pack animals she's disgusting she really
is she's a terrible person period she
really is a terrible person you but you
you adopted children from Guatemala what
is wrong with you what is wrong with you
and they're gonna grow up to live in a
society where you have riled up people
against that region you know you're
gonna grow up and see the things you've
said about their country of origin okay
that you think people coming from that
country are nothing more than animals
like how disgusting is that okay moving
on because I this type of propaganda
unfortunately does work with some people
and nothing made that clearer than what
Emma biglan experienced when she went to
a trump rally in Arizona recently so I'm
gonna skip ahead to video three and you
know she spoke to a number of Trump
supporters but one Trump voter stood out
the most and here's what he believes
should be done with migrants as they
attempt across the border what would
solve the whole thing in the border if
they would just start shooting only
shoot a Kappa and they would go home
you think deterrence would work if they
would shoot so a lot of these people are
fleeing horrific political situations
selves and seeking asylum you still
think that we should shoot they if they
just shot Adam a few times they would go
back what I am I had a good point there
she was saying fleeing political
violence and you know my mother came
from El Salvador and she was
undocumented and we know when I asked
her her case then started reading
studies I found that it was not uncommon
that many of these folks are actual
refugees I think and not just seeking
you know necessarily a better life but
literally seeking not to die from a
warzone so in my mother's case she was
fleeing the civil war there which the US
had played a role in and so now today
when we look at the migrants many of
them are not from Mexico they're from
Honduras where you know our government
unfortunately also had a negative role
after the coup in other in other
countries like that so I think we need
to consider you know this kind of a
context like why are they coming here
it's not necessarily to want to invade
but just to survive so the right wing
they say it all the time will take what
you said and say well you see that
instead of blaming them they're blaming
us for the problems but why do you want
to blame them they're they're poor
people who are running from violence and
poverty even if it was just poverty and
not the violence like what joy do you
get out of blaming those poor people who
are looking for a better life for
themselves and their kids and and I
guess if you want to be ignorant that's
your call but did we help to start a
civil war in El Salvador yes we most
definitely did it's not in dispute it
has our war on drugs
created monstrous gangs in Latin America
yes of course they have every time we do
prohibition it creates gangs like Al
Capone during the prohibition of beer
and and now ms-13 and other gangs in the
prohibition of marijuana and just so
does policy have an effect yes now if
you'd like to be stupid and I'm keeping
it real with you and he says no me no
brown people are bad we good I don't
care about history I don't care about
consequences I don't care about policy
well I can't help you because we don't
speak the same language I speak policy
and facts and consequences and you speak
stupid but look it I think that there is
a lot of
urines right and there's ignorant across
the board regardless of what your
political ideology is because we'll we
just discussed very briefly right now is
something that most Americans don't know
about because our media doesn't talk
about it
they always address the symptoms of a
larger problem okay so this whole
military-industrial complex not only
does it have negative impacts on us as
US taxpayers who should have things like
universal health care who should have
our tax payer money actually helping our
lives and benefiting our lives but it
also negatively impacts other countries
and leads to these situations where
people flee violence from their own
countries and that violence is something
that we played a role in so we need to
look if you don't like brown people okay
I disagree with you wholeheartedly but
that's fine we can actually solve the
root of the issue moving forward rather
than dealing with these symptoms right
because why are things bad in these
countries is there anything that we can
do to help the situation in these
countries so we don't have these you
know math numbers of refugees trying to
come in but we never have that
conversation just use your head why
would people want to leave their homes
because I want to leave Miami either
there's a reason if you do and I feel
like if you know we're a part of that
reason not all of it but a part of it we
should try to help a little bit and so
that's why we agree and by the way we
were part of the reason why Japan and
Germany were devastated after World War
two for good reason and what do we do we
help rebuild them and instead of being
our enemies they became our top allies
and help to the global economy which
then helped us again it's almost as if
you're when you do smart things you get
good results when you do stupid things
you get bad results but let me go a
little further so at the SS st. Louis
came here in 1939 it had 900 people on
that boat you could almost call it a
caravan right it was on the water and
not on land and it was filled with 900
Jews who were trying to escape Nazi
Germany we turned him back we didn't ask
questions and we just didn't want him
here hey America first well our people
that's your if you're not from here
that's your problem we don't want this
mob coming in 250 of them died in gas
chamber
when we sent them back so what do the
Republicans want to do now by the way if
you want to cry over the analogy go
ahead and cry but I'm telling you
historical fact because they're relevant
and important so when those people come
here and trump's idea is don't even let
them seek asylum I don't want to know I
don't want to know if they're refugees
are not refugees I don't care just send
them back well we did that in 1939 and
it's one of the most shameful things
we've ever done in American history so
if you want to repeat things like that
you could have this thoughtless policy
and the thing that drives me crazy is
again as always with the right wing they
can told two contradictory thoughts in
their head at the same time see Donald
Trump is tough and he's been great at
the border and he's so much better than
Democrats that's why everybody's coming
in at the same time what and why are
people still coming I thought Donald
Trump was a genius who figured out how
to make them stop coming but it turns
out they're coming in larger numbers
than ever because it isn't about Donald
Trump it isn't about deterrence and even
if you shoot them that's not gonna help
because they're shooting from the other
side and they're shooting more from the
other side they've got their kids and
they're running for their lives and so
the answer to that particular Republican
gave the em'ly in that rally was let's
shoot them as well and if you'd given
that answer in 1939 that would have been
the only answer worse than the one we
actually gave oh you're running from the
Nazis we'll shoot at you and that'll
teach you a lesson so it doesn't mean
you have to let everyone into the
country that's a total figment of
right-wing imagination when the Canon
comes and they seek asylum we have a
process and some of them are likely to
be seeking asylum for legitimate reasons
and some not and the ones that are not
which is probably the majority we don't
allow them into the country they're not
ramming through any gate they're going
through legal process and when they do
unfortunately in my opinion a lot of
them get sent back okay we actually do
have laws in this country so when you
hear on Fox News or Donald Trump saying
we don't have any borders and we don't
have any laws in this country it's not
remotely true we have a process
that we've applied for decade after
decade and is it perfect new people
cross the border without permission of
course they do it's not anywhere near
perfect but this Caravan
it's a giant Caravan they're not hiding
all the cameras in the world are trained
on them they're not trying to sneak in
they're in a caravan but they're gonna
go to a port and seek asylum do the
right thing do the American thing talk
to them for a second and figure out
which ones are refugees and which ones
are not yeah follow the law actually go
through our legal process instead of
doing what Trump is suggesting which is
breaking the law and not hearing them
out at all and turning them back all
right we got to take another break when
we come back though if you're feeling
depressed from this news hold because
Fox News had its own focus group of
voters and got some thoughts on this
caravan situation that actually shocked
and surprised me no no I'm not at all
shocked I'm telling you man this
election is going to be amazing wait
till you see that in those that Fox
panel and then we'll give you the
numbers on how independent voters are
leaning fascinating
