hey guys I'm so grateful for the number
of activists and insiders that have
joined but we really consider our family
here at TYT now you know we're hoping to
hit a hundred thousand members by the
end of the year and we love when we get
feedback in here just exactly why you
decided now to become a member so here
are some of those shoutouts Joseph said
just became a member and watching for
about a year now love the job everyone
on T YT does true progressives let's fix
this country here here brother David
wanted to let us know that Ida joined
after that righteous rant been watching
since 2006 filibuster marathon back in
college and after seeing the passion
Anna and Jiang had for this story I knew
it was time to become an activist level
member thank you man thank you for
watching that long
Wayne wrote us and said I've disagreed
with TYT on a number of issues how dare
are you and I'm kidding but I've never
doubted the integrity because of this
I'm now a member I find this take
refreshing thank you I love your
open-mindedness now Hans told us he just
joined TYT and that it's the best
decision he's made in a long time onca I
can agree to that one appreciated
brother and Pamela said I love you guys
and also want to tell you that I've
never been politically active until
Trump I've spent the last two years
educating myself and I could not have
done it without you I'm very grateful
and proud to be a member thank you to
all of you so happy to have you guys
decide to be members beyond the left
side of history let's all do it together
and if you aren't a member yet go to TYT
calm slash join
