the director of the Centers for Disease
Control Brenda Fitzgerald has decided to
resign from her post following an
investigation that determined that she
had purchased stock in the tobacco
industry immediately following her new
position with the CDC drums so let me
give you the details
Fitzgerald bought tens of thousands of
dollars in new stock holdings in at
least a dozen companies including Japan
Tobacco one of the largest tobacco
companies in the world in fact that
company produces four different brands
of tobacco products here in the United
States now the day after the purchase
she toured the CDC's tobacco laboratory
which researchers how the chemicals in
tobacco harm human health and she was
quoted as saying that too many Americans
are harmed by cigarette smoking which is
the nation's leading preventable cause
of death and disease and she also vowed
to continue to use proven strategies
proven strategies to help smokers quit
and to prevent children from using any
tobacco products so obviously there was
a clear conflict of interest here you
can't be the director of the CDC and
then immediately buy stock in tobacco
products especially when that is the
exact type of product that you want to
help Americans stop using yeah leading
cause of death in the country but also
the leading cause of my profits now what
she did was an obvious conflict of
interests clearly unacceptable her
stepping down makes sense we could leave
this story there but and I'm gonna
preface this by saying this is some
degree of speculation by me but why
would you go into the CDC and then buy
stocks of tobacco companies right right
after cuz it's not like she had the
stocks from long ago mhm and she forgot
that they were in her portfolio or
anything like that she bought him
afterwards you would you might do that
if you know that you're actually not
going to do much to fight tobacco
smoking duh yes
that is why it's a huge conflict of
interest also look we're dealing with a
huge opioid crisis which is you know
partly to blame were mostly to blame on
pharmaceutical companies and you know
laxed regulations well keep in mind that
she also invested in pharmaceutical
companies including Merck and Bayer
so Merck and Bear as far as I know don't
produce the opioids in question but it
doesn't matter there's still
pharmaceutical companies that in my
opinion need to be regulated to prevent
you know the abuse of certain drugs or
the over-prescription of certain drugs
to know that she purchased that stock
after getting this you know position at
the CDC should concern everyone because
it means she's not gonna aggressively go
after them that's gonna hurt their
profits which in turn is gonna hurt her
profits and the more she goes after them
the more money she might lose you think
that's not gonna affect her it's as if
we had a division of the government that
was to prevent gun use well
theoretically I guess you could say the
ATF right and a guy leading the ATF goes
oh great I bought a lot of stock in gun
companies I mean I actually don't think
it's that far-fetched that that's
already happened or is happening so and
and and what is Trump do he puts in
charge of departments the people
intended to destroy those departments
Scott Pruett at the EPA tried to destroy
the EPA when he was outside of it Rick
Perry at Department of Energy and the
list goes on and on so is it that
surprising that somebody you put in
charge of the CDC was quietly betting
against the CDC to make profits for
herself at the expense of the rest of us
oh the best part is that she was placed
in that position by Tom Price who had to
resign from his position in the federal
government because of his overuse of
private jets you know using taxpayer
money and by the way Tom Price famously
would go on cable news and talk about
how Democrats are wasting money on these
flights he proceeded to use these
private jets and make us taxpayers pay
for it what do we tell you all the time
Republican 101 is projection Tom Price
knows that he
rippin off taxpayers by using private
jets so he goes on cable news and says
can you believe how the Democrats are
ripping us off by using private jets so
but my favorite part of the story is
what I thought I was making a trench and
observation and anyway you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
