Trump made a big deal about
infrastructure in last night's State of
the Union address but we have details
that have been leaked about one specific
plan that he has that was not mentioned
in last night's address although he did
sort of lay the groundwork for it if you
look closely enough and you're gonna see
that in this clip it is also time to
rebuild our crumbling infrastructure we
built the Empire State Building in just
one year
isn't it a disgrace that it can now take
ten years just to get a minor permit
approved for the building of a simple
road ed-e bill must also streamline the
permitting and approval process getting
it down to no more than two years and
perhaps even one so there he seems to be
implying that we could have all these
great buildings and bridges and roads
it's just that all this red tape is
stopping us we just want you to have
access to more stuff but it turns out
that that might not actually be the case
according to a leaked draft of the
infrastructure plan obtained by the
Washington Post which is fake news the
administration is considering proposing
changes to the approval process for
natural gas pipelines that cross
national park service owned land because
it's weird though he was talking about
red tape but he didn't mention natural
gas in that section so the way it's
worked since the 1920s is that companies
seeking to build pipelines through
national parks have had to obtain
approval from Congress and with good
reason they constantly leak and have
environmental disasters and caused tons
of problems so we need a very carefully
look at what the expected affected these
pipelines is and that has been very
clear over the past few years with
Keystone XL and Apple and all of that
but we know what Trump thinks about
those pipelines and he thinks pipe away
so the proposed change would only
require approval from the Secretary of
the Interior and if you've been watching
this show you know that Zinke is gonna
approve of those pipelines so why go
through the house why go through the
legislature especially if what if they
lose control and suddenly you have some
people who aren't quite as enthusiastic
about natural gas well that's that's a
downer
just let the Secretary of the Interior
do it if you do
way faster and approved tons of projects
that wouldn't otherwise get built well
there's another aspect of this too
because if it's going to go through some
national parks in particular states the
senators in those states might get a lot
of heat from their constituents and not
want to do that in fact when they
originally had a plan to destroy some of
the national parks that were in Utah
jason Chaffetz back when he was in the
house earlier in this term said oh yeah
that's wonderful let's just sell ball
off and then conservationists that are
conservatives hunters etc came out and
said no no we go fishing we go hunting
in those lands we love those lanes no
don't sell those things off then
Chaffetz had to put out an apology and
in doing so he did one of the most
hilarious things totally underrated
nobody else talks about it in his
apology he put himself at a picture of a
hunting outfit right in camouflage and
he's like oh yeah I hunt you I love
national parks just kidding I got to get
out of here yeah okay then he retired
and when became a fox news host or a
commentator so so that's why it might be
really unpopular even with conservatives
so if you have to get congressional
approval it might be really hard to do
because it involves voters etc now you
put it in the hands of the Secretary of
the Interior Fry's inky he'll approve
anything yeah so it's like yeah done and
that that streamline said the house
wanted to do this even when Obama was in
charge when the Republicans were ruling
the house thinking it's much easier a
even in and by the way come on guys I
mean Democrats haven't done things for
their donors like if you're look trying
to look out for the fossil fuel industry
or donors in general you want the
executive branch in charge so that they
could just just make it happen
make it happen with as little scrutiny
as possible yeah and and especially if
you get a Republican president those are
all gonna get approved yeah so that's
what's happened and that's why I mean
this is an area with infrastructure
where you know he's been talking about
this trillion-dollar 1.5 trillion dollar
plan for literally years now and some
people think well maybe this is an
area where Trump isn't gonna totally
bonus totally screw us but it looks like
as with many of his other plans this is
primarily not gonna build roads for you
it's going to shovel tons of money into
the pockets of the wealthy and
corporations real estate companies
natural gas companies and things like
that
and this is part of a pattern with
Donald Trump
back in April leaked documents from the
Bureau of Land Management revealed that
the Trump administration wanted to quote
streamline the extraction process for
fossil fuels on federal lands
representing a shift in priorities for
an agency that under the Obama
administration prioritized conservation
over extraction but that should not be a
surprise because the running theme since
the initial confirmation hearings the
Trump administration started were you
take an organization you put someone in
charge is going to do the exact opposite
of what its purpose is what its mission
statement is so if this is intended to
conserve federal lands no it's now
designed to destroy and totally extract
all the resources from those federal
lands so what happened to draining this
swamp you're gonna extract the swamp in
this case they're literally building a
pipeline through the swamp and other
national parks for the benefit of the
other swamp which is the donors yeah man
you know you got to give Trump credit
for being an old school politician when
he ran in 2016 and and we didn't talk
about it enough on the show I was just
thinking about that earlier today like
that whole dream the Swamp Thing what
and and you know why cuz it didn't get
much press coverage because the press
hates talking about that because a lot
of the money as I've told you over and
over billions of dollars goes into the
television so that part of the Trump
speeches they almost you know they they
didn't spend a lot of time talking about
but that was a brilliant political
strategy because there is tremendous
corruption in Washington and and in
Washington doesn't like to talk about it
TV doesn't like to talk about it yeah
now the Trump's idea of talking about
corruption they're winning the election
and then doubling down on corruption is
the oldest political trick in the book
yeah and now it's being executed right
there in front of us if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day
day through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
