today we have yet another Republican
Committee Chairman who is choosing not
to run for re-election this fall this
one is a name that you might have heard
before it's trey Gowdy who is probably
best known for his chairmanship of the
House Benghazi committee and also his
new boy band hairstyle and so he is yes
he is out and he put out a statement I'm
gonna read the whole thing because it's
just it's just terrible but we read part
of it
he said I will not be filing for
re-election of Congress nor seeking any
other political or elected office
instead I will be returning to the
justice system
whatever skills I may have are better
utilized in a courtroom that in Congress
and I enjoy our justice system more than
our political system as I look back on
my career it is the jobs that both seek
and reward fairness that are most
rewarding there is a time to come and
time to go this is the right time for me
to leave politics and return to the
justice system okay so there's a number
of issues here some are similar to other
Republicans who have retired and some
are distinct four trey Gowdy yes so he
one thing that is different he's now I
think the 36th person every day they
have different counts I don't know why
but one article says 34 to another one
says 36 Republican to say there and
they're not coming back for another term
retiring resigning summoned disgrace
something because they're gonna lose
their elections most because they're
gonna lose their elections that's where
Gowdy is different than the rest he's in
the district that's plus 25 for Trump
he was unlikely to lose an election even
in a massive swing year yeah so that
that most of the 36 are going because of
that yeah now one thing that he does
share with some other folks that have
left mainly Chaffetz is he is he was
charged with with overseeing the Trump
administration because he's the head of
the Oversight Committee that's not an
enviable position that puts you in a
tight spot because now for reasons that
we're probably not even aware of yet and
the remember they have intelligence that
we do not write they have information we
do not so he's either going to piss off
his base and say I'm gonna do my job
here and and and tell and hold Trump
accountable or I'm gonna have to
sell my soul and he doesn't have much
left after the Benghazi investigation
and the IRS investigation now there's
one other thing that's really critical
in the case of Gowdy on on Tuesday a
seat of a Fourth Circuit Court of
Appeals opened up in South Carolina that
covers South Carolina and he obviously
based on the statement that John read to
you right there obviously wants that to
go back into the judiciary where he had
served before into the justice system as
he called it and that seat opening up
and him wanting to resign immediately
thereafter is not a coincidence yeah so
that seems like a nice safe harbor for
him get the hell out of Dodge this
thing's not gonna end well
and then there's a nice soft seat for me
there yeah on a prestigious Court and
then maybe he dreams that I could open
them up to Supreme Court one day maybe
if he's got the right Republican
president for the moment being the
Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals is a
great great position yeah if he can land
it and with the Republicans in charge he
probably can and if not easily well
known and probably well-connected a
Republican if you wanted to go into
lobbying he could do that he didn't
mention it here but of course he's not
going to but he can do it anyway and I'm
glad that you pointed out the context of
his district as he said 25 points
towards Trump which means that he would
be safe for election unless we were in a
context where challenges were regularly
doing better than plus 25 over the
previous which is actually where we are
that doesn't mean that it would have
happened in this one but there have been
people getting 36 point swings over you
know the fall the previous fall a little
bit more background information for him
leaving as from Politico saying that
Gowdy rarely participated in House GOP
events rarely attending the weekly GOP
conference for example he often talked
privately about resenting the
increasingly partisan atmosphere of
which he had no part as head of the
Benghazi committee and he loved to say
that he wished he was home watching
cheesy hallmark movies with his wife and
that's sweet so there are parts of that
that I believe in parts I do not so look
he was asked to chair those committees
partly because for whatever reason in
Washington he had credibility at that
point
but in reality the to me what was maybe
even more gorgeous than the Benghazi
hearings were the IRS hearings the IRS
hearings where we found now that no
liberal groups had been investigated
just as much as conservative groups had
and that that so-called controversy was
purely made up and it was made up to try
to discredit the IRS so they couldn't
collect taxes from rich people and now
the person who's most likely to be the
head of the IRS according to our own
reporting at TYT investigates there's a
guy whose main job was to make sure that
rich people can avoid taxes yet another
person who is going to be assigned to a
part of the government to help destroy
that part of the government that was the
whole point of the IRS investigation
so when Gowdy says Oh golly gee I don't
like partisan politics and he went to go
help his rich Republican donors with
that investigation Color Me a little
skeptical now on the other hand the
Republicans did push him to do Benghazi
and when he didn't say Hillary Clinton
should be locked up
the previous friends like Jim Jordan and
others were furious at him they're like
it was a nice hatchet job but not good
enough we wanted you to finish her and
demand that she be sent to a federal
penitentiary yeah so now remember all
the Benghazi hearings because that was
the reality concluded that there was no
laws broken at all yeah now just for the
larger context that this is a part of
they said as we said is not just another
Republican congressman choosing not to
run again it's a committee chairman and
what's interesting about this is for a
lot of people in the house like you
spend years working your way up so that
you can eventually be in a position
where if your party takes control you
can become a chairperson because where a
lot of the power and the house actually
lies I mean the house is a lot more it's
not quite the same as the Senate where
individual members don't have as much
autonomous power but if you're a
chairman you do have some power so for
so many of them to choose to leave
implies that they don't think that that
power is likely to be a lasting thing
and we want to go over some of the
different chairmen who are leaving
because I believe right now it's at
eight which is oh nine nine now but
a huge number so you have the House
Financial Services Committee the House
Science Space and Technology Committee
which I'm sure probably doesn't have
much on its plate these days believe in
any of those things the House Judiciary
Committee House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee House
Administration Committee House Foreign
Affairs Committee House Appropriations
Committee which is obviously a huge
thing for the House and House Oversight
and Government Reform Committee which
again does that much on its plate but
that is a lot of chairmen all in one
cycle choosing not to go and we're not
done yet
we've still got a couple more months of
the primaries left where many of them
could feel comfortable to resign in the
next few weeks or months in fact both of
those are records record number of
income is from one party resigning and
record number of committee chairmen
leaving it was it was a record already a
couple of chairmen ago and two chairmen
decided to step down just this week free
lousing Freeling housing earlier this
week and now Gowdy and is you look at
that list if you follow politics closet
closely those are some of the
Republicans so-called all-stars giant
names on that list go I got to get the
hell out of Dodge
now look in Gabby's case one more thing
that's relevant
so he wasn't likely to lose a seat but
he was likely to lose the committee
chairmanship because the Democrats are
now favored to to win back the house in
2018 in which case those the Republicans
go into the minority and then those
chair positions are no longer the leads
of those committees and that's also
relevant but mainly I think the two most
important things here and what what's
your real takeaways are he wants that
seat in the judiciary it was a good time
to go and he's seen information this is
my theory he's seen information on Trump
and he does not want to be in a position
where he's gonna have to stake his
political career on on on overseeing
Donald Trump if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
