so we were told over and over again by
the Republicans and conservative shows
oh my god the memo there's a memo in
Congress that's gonna tell you it's
gonna blow the lid off this whole Russia
Trump thing and soon a show was always a
democratic plot it was never true it was
a fraud and there was hashtag released a
memo and once they released that memo
everything was gonna be solved now I
guess good news for those guys because
the memo is going to be released
let me quote HuffPost here president
Donald Trump's Republican allies in
Congress advanced their month-long
assault a special counsel of Robert
Miller's investigation into Russian
interference in the 2016 election on
Monday voting along partisan lines to
release a classified memo slamming
officials from the Justice Department
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation
who have investigated the Trump
campaigns ties to Russia now it should
be noted that the memo is not from our
intelligence officials it is written by
the Republicans in fact it's written by
a guy who worked on the Trump transition
team so the Republicans wrote a memo
saying they're right in the Democrats
are wrong woo but here's where it gets
funny so first we're gonna go to Sean
Hannity and watch him hype this thing up
Sean this is bigger than anything
anybody can imagine when you say that
this makes Watergate like stealing a
Snickers bar out of a drugstore
absolutely it's a scary knife but
there's gonna be a lot of news all week
long we are part of a small group of
people okay
that's awesome it makes Watergate look
like just stealing a Snickers bar it's
bigger than anything you could ever
imagine well how are they gonna top that
they either top it with the height of
absurdity sebastian Gorka here we go all
the evidence has been mounting and
mounting and mounting and one smoking
gun after another it's incontrovertible
at this point it is but it has to be put
in the context of the history of our
great nation remember why was America
created it was created because of the
usurpation of power the capricious
usurpation by a leader thousands of
miles away that's why America was
created
it was about t tax it was about
stationing troops on private property
without permission this this is a
hundred times bigger this is our
government spying on political
adversaries this is federal law
enforcement officials obstructing
justice a hundred times bigger than the
reason for the American Revolution so
insane man
absolutely insane so now let's go to the
Republican congressman who have actually
seen the memo so these are not Democrats
these are not liberals mark Sanford
that's the right-wing guy out of South
Carolina I apparently got off the
Appalachian Trail and he has this to say
the scale of FBI secret societies and
Watergate where does this memo sit I've
said all along that you know there's not
the smoking gun that a lot of people
believe that there might be I think that
there's very damaging information there
that sets real alarm bells in terms of
of how we gather intelligence and so I
think that this is is important it's big
enough that people ought to design they
ought to see it and and make their again
but are you confident that the the
information that was used to write this
memo that this this information is is
sound I again I know what I know and
today Brad's point just a moment ago I'm
not on the Intel committee either oh all
of a sudden now that it's gonna be
released there's no smoking gun I mean
it's just kind of our opinion man when
they admitted that newness who wrote the
memo might not have even seen the
intelligence all right so speech let's
go to represent a mark Walker that he's
another Republican who's seen it let's
see if he thinks there's a smoking gun
let's find out if your audience or if
somebody's believing that this is the
Hindle smoking gun
it isn't yeah doesn't name names does it
present some very intriguing facts as as
I would share that that that makes you
ask even more questions but to make the
case that this is the most shocking
document to the history of mankind I
believe that's a little hyperbole now
all of a sudden hyperbole
now that the memo was actually going
be released like smoking did we say
smoking on didn't we say it's a hundred
times worse than what led to the
American Revolution did we say hey kid
look like stealing a Snickers bar yeah
nevermind it's just like our opinion man
preposterous bunch of clowns so now in
the memo they talk about oh my god
what is happening is that rod Rosenstein
who's a Deputy Attorney General
authorized spying into Carter page who
was on Trump's campaign team oh how
could they authorize this this is
unbelievable
well unless they have good reason to
authorize and in fact the reason behind
it was in the Democratic memo that's
okay now the Republicans they campaigned
on release the memo so they have their
memo the Republican version and then the
same Intelligence Committee has the
Democratic memo countering their BS so
I'm sure since they're in favor of
transparency they can release that memo
too right at the same time Republicans
voted down a democratic effort to
release a memo authored by the
democratic staffers that they say
combated some of the inaccuracies in the
GOP memo while members of Congress will
be allowed to read the Democratic memo
the public will not in other words no we
don't want you to hear the other side
we're just doing this for propaganda
we're just gonna give you the stuff we
wrote and pretend it's true now how
about that Carter page who was on the
Trump campaign was there good reason to
investigate him well we got a law on
crime here the FBI had their eyes on
Paige Carter Paige back in 2013 when
they learned that a Russian spy was
trying to recruit him that alone should
tell you something
take that plus the fact that Paige took
a trip to Russia in July of 2016 during
the campaign when he was associated with
Trump's campaign there's your reason for
surveillance in 2013 nobody had any idea
Donald Trump was gonna run for president
it's not a plot to get Trump nobody had
any idea how the 2016 election was going
to shape up they started tracking Carter
page because he was talking to a Russian
spy but it's having a socialite 2016 any
is re-engaged his contacts in Russia
they then get a warrant that a
judge gives to track the guy because
they're worried that he's working with
the Russians it's the most logical thing
in the world when rod Rosa Steen who's
part of the way part of the Trump
administration comes into play at that
point the warrant has already been
issued and it has even been renewed
where a judge looked at it and said yes
you should definitely investigate this
guy and then yes you should continue to
investigate him rose this thing comes in
and goes it would appear to be deeply
political in favor of the Republicans if
I stopped this investigation and
obstruct justice so yes I will submit
the warrant one more time to the court
and then the court says yes keep
investigating the guy he's deeply
suspect so the Republican is writing
this up as if haha we got Rosenstein and
hence we have to fire anyone
investigating Donald Trump is
preposterous total clown show now Eric's
wawel or Democratic congressman explains
why they're doing this in the first
place
they essentially have put out a book
review on a book that Devin Nunez
himself has not even read but they say
that the book is full of lies that's the
position that they're going to put the
american people a way to say are you are
you are you saying Devin Nunez hasn't
even read this information himself she
has not read he's not read the materials
that he is commenting on in this memo
that was acknowledged yes that's unbel
the guy worked on the Trump campaign and
Trump transition so he's the most by
this guy in America Oh a trump
transition official who is a right-wing
Republican has written a memo saying
right-wing Republicans in Donald Trump
are correct and he didn't even read the
intelligence out they are the worst of
the worst the clowns of the clowns one
more from swallow what in the memo
itself would be scary to everyone if
it's so obviously compromised
won't you arguably then win this in the
long run on the facts well it goes to
great lengths well without it asserts
inaccuracies to discredit Bob Muller and
his team and so I'm afraid that they
will have poisoned the well of public
sent
as Bob molar continues to do his work
and if he reaches further indictments
that the public sentiment will have been
tainted because of a one-sided memo
where the full picture is not seen again
I'm confident that if the full picture
is seen this memo will be seen as
laughable it will be embarrassing but
that's not the intent here the intent
here is to protect the president at the
risk of torching the FBI building and
the credibility they have to have that's
always been the point with the
Republicans propaganda propaganda
property yet it doesn't have to be true
you just have to go on Fox News and say
it's a hundred times worse than the
American Revolution oh my god nobody's
gonna do you think the Fox News audience
and the right-wing voters are gonna read
the memo you think they're gonna try to
figure out what the intelligence is
behind them oh no they're just gonna
turn on Fox News and take their word for
it that's the whole point they never had
anything it was just to put the
propaganda and marketing out there so
they could pretend that there's bias in
this investigation
and then maybe use that to fire half the
people in the FBI's leadership which is
the direction they appear to be going in
and this is just one of the tools to do
that that's why it's dangerous although
it is by all accounts including the
Republicans you just heard from no
smoking gun and basically laughable if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks Oh every day
