there are new apps popping up and
advancements in technology that allow
people to essentially use someone's face
into video that they have not filmed
sometimes that video can be sexual and
explicit in nature now I don't want to
give the name of the psychology and I
don't wish to draw you know people to it
but I do want to let people know about
how much this is advanced to the point
where the video looks incredibly real
and it's difficult to tell whether or
not it's fake now according to
motherboard that has done a great job
reporting on this more people are
creating fake celebrity porn using
machine learning and the results have
become increasingly convincing another
editor even created an app specifically
designed to allow users without a
computer science background to create a
I assisted fake porn all the tools one
needs to make these videos are free
readily available and accompanied with
instructions that walk novices through
the process now this technology
essentially relies on video photos stuff
that you post on social media on a
regular basis and and you feed that
information or that data through the
technology and then the system can
essentially learn the person's facial
movements things like that and then they
just put it into porn that's it it's
porn innocent person never taken a naked
picture in his or her life porn you know
I this was not in the Articles so the
second is so first layer is you do it to
they're doing it to celebrities okay
least surprising thing in the world
look again we're not unaware that you
can look it up okay so second thing that
as I was reading the first article for
motherboard I was like they're gonna do
it to people in their own lives and of
cool of course they're doing to people
in their own lives
describing pictures from Instagram or
other places
and using this technology to create porn
with someone they know okay now the what
is not in the articles is I just
realized as you were talking that you
then take their own picture yeah put it
into the guy okay if it's going in that
direction yes and then all of a sudden
they have video of themselves having sex
with this person and it might be a
person you don't even know it might be a
creeper that you met once or at a bar or
wherever right at a conference anybody
can do it now and you don't need a
computer background this has huge
implications and and that's why we're
discussing in here today exactly so the
reason why it has implications is
because in over the last month the
technology has improved so much that you
know it looks increasingly convinced
convincing and so how are people going
to be able to decide whether or not a
pornographic video featuring a specific
person whether it's a celebrity or a
private citizen is real or fake and it
could have real ramifications toward
people's lives there are employers who
might see this video or come across this
video and decide mmm I'm not gonna hire
this person because of his or her past
and let's keep it real this is mostly
going to negatively impact women of
course of course and and right now I
feel like one of the biggest issues in
America is the inability to
differentiate between real news and
propaganda fake news completely
fabricated news articles if we're having
a difficult time doing that who's to say
you know Americans wouldn't have or
people in general not just Americans
wouldn't have a difficult time figuring
out whether or not pornographic material
is real or fake and you know you're
hearing this story and you might have
read the articles and we'll put the
links down below but but the person
watching it will not have gotten the
background and and by the way another
thing that employers might do is I don't
want to take chances right it might or
might not be true but I'm not taking any
chances
Sunday you just ruin that person's life
now maybe that's an extreme example and
not everybody
life is gonna be ruined but there's also
the thing that it is deeply disturbing
for people that now and it you get
there's a whole range of how people can
react to it I remember all the way back
you know look with immediately when the
internet came out was the first thing
people that they took celebrity heads
and put them on through nude bodies
that's his oldest I'm okay so but now
this is sophisticated were gonna show
you a video in a second not a porn video
okay but I knew a guy who had taken my
picture and put it on two naked bodies
me I don't care okay that's I got thick
skin have at it oz what do I care
that's your mind your business I don't
care at all do yes right but there are
people a lot of people who are not like
me who will be mortified devastated by
this and so I know that everybody you
know like people who do this kind of
stuff loves yada yada and men are men
and you know and they're gonna do things
but for a lot of people it is not lulz
you just have to be at a bare minimum
cognizant but it could have devastating
consequences so I looked into you know
the discussions that people are having
the people who are using this technology
and and the people who love this
technology I was reading certain forums
where they're talking about it
conversing about it and you're right in
that yeah it's gonna impact celebrities
that's one thing but more importantly
what about private citizens that they
know in their personal lives and some of
them are saying well this could be used
for bribery right we can or extortion
right or we can we can go after certain
people and tell them like hey you know
if you don't want this video out there
this very convincing pornographic video
maybe you pay up or do X Y & Z so it was
that issue there's also there some worry
that there could be political
ramifications for for some politicians
so you know what I want to talk about
those implications but as you were
talking he came to another conclusion
which is that Trump is going to be
thrilled by this you know why then he
ends
those are Kelly they can now say oh that
wasn't us the AI that thing well that's
another yeah that's another potential
negative outcome of this right they can
deny the the authenticity of an actual
real video that's ron so those are huge
implications but let's show you the
video first and then talk a little bit
more about those implications because I
think it is going to change the way we
perceive things not just online but but
in a lot of parts of our lives so here's
a video of them doing it in regards to
George Bush yes it's just facial
expressions just watch to this end we
resynthesize the mouth interior of the
target actor using video footage from
the training sequence based on temporal
and photometric similarity as we can see
we are able to generate a realistic and
convincing reenactment result Wow so he
moves his face and it looks like Bush's
moving his face talk etc and and I'm
impressed I guess Sebastian Gorka to
play that role in that video anyway so
now the the wider political implications
well now you don't know any tape if it's
real or not real and by political I
don't mean just in the sphere of
politics but for societal cultural etc
so hey we have evidence of a crime no
you don't somebody might have a ID it
and now they can do it in a way that is
nearly undetectable and so now you'll
never know and and so that has so many
implications hard to wrap your head
around it right and so there and I'm not
a tech genius at all but there has to be
some form of technology that can help
people determine the authenticity of
this video right and I'm sure that there
might be something out there already or
something that's currently being
developed but what worries me more than
anything is that in this new age of
technological advancements no one really
gets to decide what their reputation is
it doesn't matter how well-behaved you
are it doesn't matter how good of a
person you are it doesn't matter if
you've never taken a nude photo
your life you've never done porn in your
life it doesn't matter if you're an
honest person and they can put anything
out there about you someone else gets to
decide what your reputation is and there
are so many people who just will never
be able to know what the truth really is
and that's the part that that worries me
not just for you know public figures
wherever but more importantly like
private citizens like the powerless
you know these high school girls who
might have to deal with this kind of
stuff that's what that's what worries me
more than anything because I think
public figures it's not that you sign up
for it but once you're a public figure I
mean there is some element of abuse that
you should expect to deal with right but
I'm in it and it's not right not right
but but people are aware of it but now
doing it to private citizens it's a it's
a another layer and look one more thing
I don't know if it'll ever have positive
repercussions and I imagine that there
will be some positive implications of it
at some point but in the beginning and a
minimum who's gonna use it bad guys now
I'm not talking about the porn I'm
talking about and you know you could
have a opinion that is very very very
justifiable that anyone doing this is a
bad guy but but I'm talking about it's
not like a like let's talk about the
political sphere it's not like Bernie
Sanders is gonna take a video somebody's
face and then put them in a in a
compromising position and pretend it's
real like the good guys are never going
to do that right yeah but the bad guys
will immediately do it and they'll do it
over and over and over and until people
catch on but by the time the people
catch on they'll have ruined however
many careers right and also if we create
this environment where we can't tell
what's real and what's fake well then
what if there's something there's a
scandal involving actual evidence and
people just don't believe the evidence
because you can't tell what's real and
what's fake yes so in some ways it'll
first Dam the innocent yeah then at some
point it will protect the guilty
so it's a it's a lose-lose in those ways
and I know if you're a young guy you're
thinking it's not a lose-lose you're
thrilled about it I I understand that
but you I'm just asking you to think
about the repercussions for the person
you're doing it to and it is a just
think about it and then they don't care
maybe think they they get further
pleasure from that I don't know but but
it does have consequences and and so but
now it's unleashed into the world what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
