over the weekend the New York Times
published an investigative report in
regard to certain companies that help
individuals purchase followers for their
social media accounts now these
followers can be bought for Instagram
Twitter Facebook you name it and there
are certainly some problems associated
with this because not only does it give
this deceitful image of an individual
and how many followers he or she has but
more importantly oftentimes what happens
is actual people will have their images
or their account information taken to
create these BOTS accounts again using
their image that people can then buy to
make it appear that they have more
followers than they actually do now the
piece is amazing everyone should read it
this is something that I honestly knew
was going on for a very long time now
but it's become more sophisticated
because of the fact that they want the
bot accounts to look as real as possible
so they use real people's photos as a
result well you know before you dive
more into the story Anna the thing that
drives me crazy about it is everyone
should have known about it
so if you remember all the way back in
2012 when Newt Gingrich was running for
president he used to brag about his
Twitter followers and then they found
out a stunning percentage I don't have
it in front of you but I believe it was
almost 90% of his Twitter followers were
from Bangladesh okay so he's popping in
Bangladesh oh yeah yeah no Newt can't
buy a beer in Bangladesh partly because
it's a Muslim country but anyway so we
knew it as a phenomenon but what it was
really frustrating is they don't
acknowledge it and people acted like it
was real so I've seen it in business
over and over again well they have this
many Twitter followers they end it by
the way you could also do this to some
degree on Facebook it's much much easier
on Twitter right yeah on Instagram etc
and snapchat well they have all these
followers we will give them tons of
money or we will advertise with them
time all the time your value is not
based on the quality of your work it's
based on how many people follow you on
twitter which is maddening
to say the least right but let me let me
tell you what I actually appreciated the
most about this story it wasn't the
original report by the New York Times
it was the take that Ian Bogost had at
the Atlantic and this one line really
stood out to me the problem was Twitter
and with social media in general isn't
that the influence can be faked it's
that it is seen to have so much
significance in the first place right
and so damned if you do damned if you
don't right so there are actual
celebrities people who already have a
pretty large following who go out of
their way to purchase fake followers
because they want more influence right
but but it's a logical move you know
it's douchebaggery and it's fake and it
hurts people who are actually have real
followers have built a real following on
whatever platform that you're talking
about but they think if I don't do it
it's like steroids in baseball if I
don't do it somebody else is gonna do it
then I'm gonna fall behind and that's
not fair to me
so it creates this race to the bottom or
table where everybody's by getting fake
followers and the people that are I
think most responsible are the ones that
then reward that yeah and so and they
and they do they do you and as that
writer in the Atlantic pointed out you
can get a better book deal if you have
more Twitter followers you can get
better advertising deals and the list
goes on and on yet you get investments
right and so oftentimes you'll see these
massive multi-million dollar investments
into whatever person whatever app
whatever company and it turns out that
that company doesn't end up delivering
and it's because the the influence that
they have isn't really necessarily real
so that I I think that's the biggest
issue here there's a lot of weight put
on you know the numbers behind Instagram
or Facebook or Twitter or whatever it is
and by the way there are also people
myself included I would never spend
on followers I think it's a gigantic
waste of time but by where am I gonna go
I work here I'm gonna be here okay that
jank doesn't care about my followers but
it's weird cuz those bots accounts like
there's a pretty significant chunk of my
Twitter following that's BOTS accounts
and I'm like how do I get rid of them
how do I like find them and get rid of
them and so a lot of them are automated
where if there is a suggested person to
follow the bots accounts automatically
follow them right that's a disaster - I
don't want you go away well
unfortunately don't understand you cuz
their computer program I know it's so
then there are other kind of bots that
are malicious BOTS that's a whole
different story
yeah but for the purpose of this I I
think you're right that the Atlantic
writer really nailed it it's it's really
the the rest of us in our perception
mm-hmm and how obsessed we are with it
and one thing you didn't mention is it's
it's more old-school media I know
everybody is don't get me wrong and
every good now it's not just celebrities
or public figures every young person
wants to have more followers on
Instagram I want to be influencers
influenced like and you get paid to be
an influencer and it's a nice you seem
famous etc I get it I get all that I get
to drive forward and it's innate in our
nature for a lot of people to want to
seek that fame it's pretty normal but
but the people who rewarded and and
drive people to this madness I think
there are the real issue and so when he
says and and and part of it is the old
media right so old media what do they
know they know
I don't television I know radio I know
movies right now new media YouTube
confuses me they that if you want
influence if you want an audience go to
YouTube
okay if you want influence don't go to
YouTube so because no one above the age
of 40 watches YouTube and so now that
seems wrong and it's and YouTube will
get mad for me saying that but they I
don't think they've done a good job of
getting that influence and and instead
what do old people and media do they
have Twitter all the reporters have are
on Twitter they're all obsessed with
then they the count of
that they have on Twitter so if you have
a lot of people on Twitter and it's fake
they don't care they don't care it
reminds me of back in 2012 not just the
Newt Gingrich store but the Donald Trump
story where Donald Trump bragged about
this and we sent our reporter Michael
Shure at the time to Vegas and asked
Donald Trump why do you think that the
American people are interested in you
and he said based on how many Twitter
followers I have that was an answer he
gave to Michael Shore and then Michael
followed up with but Snoop Dogg has more
than you should he be President
now at the time that was really funny
now not maybe that's the kind of
insanity that we're in because the
system is rewarding the wrong things
absolutely especially old media
absolutely if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash join get
the whole younger so every day
