actress Diane Keaton has come out in
support of Woody Allen following
accusations that he had molested Mia
Farrow's adopted daughter now Dylan
Farrow has been making these accusations
for years now she made the accusation at
first when she was seven years old and
she has maintained those accusations
because of the me2 movement she decided
to come forward and not only shared the
details again but also call out the
entertainment industry for refusing to
take her allegations seriously
especially considering how long this
issue has been around and and how little
consequences Woody Allen has faced as a
result now I'm gonna tell you what Diane
Keaton had to say about it and then
there's this incredible video of Dylan
Farrow speaking out about what she
experienced or what she's alleging now
Diane Keaton talked about this on
Twitter because that's where everybody
shares everything these days but here's
what her tweet said what Ian is my
friend and I continue to believe him it
might be of interest to take a look at
the 60 minute interview from 1992 and
see what you think so we are gonna watch
a portion of that interview but before
we do so for those of you who don't know
what the accusations are against Woody
Allen I want to go ahead and toss to the
video of Dylan Dylan Farrow talking
about what she experienced take a look I
was taken to a small attic crawlspace in
my mother's country house in Connecticut
by my father he instructed me to lay
down on my stomach and play with my
brother's toy train that was set up and
he sat behind me in the doorway and as I
played with the toy train
I was sexually assaulted as a
seven-year-old I would say I would have
said he touched my private parts hmm
okay okay
which I did say all right all right as a
32 year old he touched my labia my vulva
with his finger and where was your
mother she went shopping that day and
then after you told her what happened
she was upset my first impulse was that
I had done something wrong so this was
something that was of course denied by
Woody Allen and there are so many
different components of this story that
make it seem murky but upon researching
it further I've gotten even more clarity
on it
and now of course he hasn't been
convicted in a court of law it's
important to mention that but the state
attorney that was looking into possibly
prosecuting Woody Allen at the time held
a press conference that people don't
talk about ever and that press
conference was interesting to me because
of the fact that the prosecutor believed
that there was probable cause believed
that there was enough evidence to
prosecute Woody Allen but ultimately
decided that it would have been too
traumatic to drag Dylan Farrow through
that experience and so Mia Farrow and
the prosecutor decided not to press
charges even though he believed that
there was enough evidence to do so now
Woody Allen says the opposite of course
he says that two different organizations
had looked into it 25 years ago said the
child sex abuse clinic of the Yale New
Haven Hospital and the New York state
child welfare office and that they had
both cleared him and I giving you
important context at least about one of
those but there's one other thing that
that Woody Allen says that's important
context and you take it with a grain of
salt as Woody Allen defending himself on
these charges he said Dylan's older
brother Moses has said that he witnessed
their mother doing exactly that that
relentlessly coaching Dylan trying to
drum into her that her father was a
dangerous sexual predator now
Woody Allen of course famously did
engage in sexual activities who soon-yi
and want to marry her and they're still
together so Anna what was situation was
soon yet so she was actually adopted by
Mia Farrow from South Korea and we don't
know what her age is for certain and and
what I mean by that is they didn't know
what her age was they did a certain bone
test to figure it out and at the time
that she was adopted she was either five
to seven years old okay now from what we
gather the absolutely youngest that suni
could have been when she started her
relationship with Woody Allen was about
17 years old okay but it seems as though
she fit the age of consent and and you
know that wasn't an issue but there is a
pattern there right obviously he was
much older than her he was very
attracted to her when she was possibly
as young as 17 years old and so people
look at that pattern of behavior and
think okay well that might say something
but there's also a bunch of different
things that I feel like people are
missing and they're missing because it
doesn't ever get talked about so Vanity
Fair did a really great piece where they
summarized things that we know for sure
these are things that aren't you know
speculative these are things that we
know for certain and you know just
quickly going back to that prosecutor
here's what the New York Times had
reported the state's attorney by the way
this is a New York Times piece from 1992
as this case is unfolding the state's
attorney Frank Mako said he had drawn up
an arrest warrant for mr. Allen but then
decided not to pursue the case he said
the girl's mother Mia Farrow had agreed
that dropping the charges was in her
daughter's best interest so like this
notion that Mia Farrow is like coaching
her and and essentially you utilizing
her as a tool to go after Woody Allen it
just doesn't seem to fit well look let
me give the other side for a second and
I have no idea what happened okay so it
was a terrible divorce proceedings
number one it's understandable now suni
was not Woody Allen's daughter it was a
custody battle
and there was a custody battle etc and
so Mia Farrow despised Woody Allen and
and for a lot of good reasons one some
that we know he did hook up with suni
and they did get married which is insane
suni was the adopted daughter of Mia
Farrow Mia Farrow found naked photos of
suni in Woody Allen's home and that's
what tipped her off to the fact that
there was an affair happen so you can
understand perfectly why she'd be in
rates on that alone
let alone if Woody Allen did would he
would they claim about Dylan Farrow then
she has every right to go nuclear now
Woody Allen says no no it was the messy
divorce that's why she went nuclear and
drummed up these charges now if she had
done that and I'm definitely not saying
that she did I have no frickin idea you
wouldn't go then there would be a reason
not to go through with the trial because
you might get exposed so it could cut
either way you don't want to put your
child through that see seven years old
it's gonna be incredibly traumatic
because it actually happened or you
don't want to go through that because
you might get exposed and that's a
terrible idea and you just want to make
the charges and then and then not back
it up I don't know so here is some more
information that I found about the case
and again these are things that never
get talked about when it comes to Woody
Allen and and these allegations
so apparently Allen had been in therapy
for alleged inappropriate behavior
toward Dylan with a child psychologist
before the abuse allegation was
presented to the authorities or made
public
also Allen refused to take a polygraph
test take that for what it is it might
not mean anything but he did refuse also
he had changed his story in regard to
whether or not he had been in the attic
right he said that he had not been in
the attic it's all made up and then
investigators found his hair there and
then he changed his story no so so
that's pretty good that's pretty damning
but there's more so the the the
investigation by the Yale New Haven
Hospital is the investigation that he
brings up time and time again he makes
it seem as though that is the most
credible investigation and the results
indicated that you know Dylan Farrow
was being coached however the
judge that was essentially hearing this
case did not believe the credibility of
this investigation said that there were
issues with it and essentially threw it
out of court did not believe the
validity of it and by the way the
prosecutor that I had mentioned earlier
also questioned the validity of it and
so there was another investigation done
to see whether or not she had been
coached and that investigation found
that no she she is not changing her
story she is consistent there's no
evidence to believe that she has been
coached and the judge ultimately came to
that conclusion as well
now look I'm saying all this so you have
the full scope of what's known in this
story with that said you know we don't
know without a shadow of a doubt that he
had done it or didn't do it we don't
know and neither does Diane Keaton which
is why I think that tweet was
ill-advised
I choose his friend I get that she wants
to defend him
but what if he did do it and you know
you you don't know and so putting that
out there I think is a risky move yeah
and we might never know and look at you
there's one other piece of context that
I've talked about on the show a couple
of times that I I know decent number of
therapists and what they say is it is
shocking the number of times people make
up charges like this in divorce
proceedings mm-hmm so if it wasn't for
that it's kind of a note
I wouldn't say an open-and-shut case
that's that's way too strong but it some
of that evidence looks pretty damning
for Woody Allen so knowing that context
I go ah I don't know but here's what I
do know okay one I'm with you and
there's no way Diane Keaton knows either
all right Alec Baldwin with a vigorous
defense of Woody Allen recently as well
and I get into their friends and I get
that they want to stick up for their
friend and that's laudable in some ways
but in a case that at a minimum of this
close probably better to cool it
especially if he did do it to a
seven-year-old girl which a lot of
people think he did okay now on the
other hand I'm tired of judging by
osmosis so some people said Oh Meryl
Streep
must have known about Harvey Weinstein
she's FeO for God's sake right and and
now Diane Keaton's guilty Alec Baldwin's
guilty that everybody's guilty look they
didn't they didn't do anything it you
might think it's an ill-advised attempt
to quote unquote stick up for their
friends but they didn't take any actual
action so it's just there's a lot of
judgment going on with very little facts
there's a lot of guilt by association so
I get you on that and also a lot of
speculation and regard to whether or not
people knew about what was going on it's
likely that most people didn't know a
lot of people didn't know some people
maybe did know we don't know and that's
the thing like everyone is speculating
everything and we need to focus on what
we know for sure what the facts are and
make a judgment call based on that now I
want to talk to the next video because I
promised that we would take a listen to
a portion of that 60 minutes interview
with Woody Allen back in the early 1990s
now what you're gonna see is diligent to
it and reacting to it and I thought it
was compelling and I wanted to share so
take a look I wanted to play a clip from
60 minutes an interview that he did at
the time where he was asked about that
incident are you okay with looking at it
okay a very bitter acrimonious custody
fight drive up to Connecticut where
nobody likes me now as I'm I'm with a
house full of enemies I mean Mia was so
enraged at me and and she had gotten all
the kids to to be angry at me that I'm
gonna drive up there and suddenly on
visitation pick this moment in my life
to become a child molester it's just
it's just incredible I could if I wanted
to be child molester I had many
opportunities in the past I could have
quietly made it a custody settlement was
me in some way and done it in the future
you know it's so insane what do you say
to that I'm really sorry
don't apologize don't apologize I
thought I could handle it
are you crying because of what he said
or seeing him what is upsetting you he's
going and he's been lying for so long
yeah and and by the way
Woody Allen says she at this point might
like this is his version okay
might actually believe it that that it
happened to her all this stuff happened
when she was seven years old and if she
was that coached that that kids wind up
just thinking it actually did happen now
if from that reaction whether it
happened or not she certainly it seems
like thinks it did right because there's
what's the point of acting like that
what's exactly so overall it doesn't
look good for Woody Allen and but but I
I will say like again on a question that
is a little murky I wouldn't go on
either side of this I wouldn't go around
saying Woody Allen's awesome and he's a
great friend and I know for sure that he
didn't do it cuz I don't know how in the
hell you would know that right and then
I also I think the idea of going back to
every person who's ever been in any
Woody Allen movie and then judging them
for the rest of history I think it's a
preposterous exercise and to what degree
do they know any of those facts and and
so it's easy to judge now but but I
think if you're gonna judge Woody Allen
that makes a lot of sense depending on
where you come out on this judging
anybody he's ever been associated with
or that's ever appeared in a movie with
him I think goes too far you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
