so overall Donald Trump is ecstatic with
his the state of affairs right now he's
gonna do State of the Union tonight and
Howard Fineman writing and and NBC News
saying that the president is now finally
gotten into a groove in his own mind at
least and and is beginning to enjoy his
time as president he thinks the tax cuts
for the rich were wonderful the stock
market is doing well so he thinks he's
on top of the world now in reality is
his polling is disastrous in the mid
thirties the worst of any president at
this point in their tenure but he
doesn't see it and even with the White
House which he initially was not
impressed with now he says quote I love
this place uh-oh he's settling in okay
he apparently adores flying on Air Force
One it's a toy he's a child
friend of Donald Trump explains he loves
all the pomp and circumstance and the
salutes
yeah yeah total manchild okay now the
important part of the story which is
what he plans to do with robert muller
first of all in a full state of delusion
thinking that he's on top of the world
he thinks small there's got nothing he
says keeps telling some in his circle
that Muller any day now will tell him
that he's off the hook for any charge of
collusion with the Russians or
obstruction of justice Wow after that
investigation and Muller has already
gotten plea deals convictions he's
gotten a number of people in the Trump
campaign to flip on Donald Trump
including Mike Flynn and this guy in the
White House is going around like I'm
winning I'm getting tired of winning
I bet Muller just gives up he is so
delusional it is amazing so now though
here comes a troubling part he thinks
that that not only mothers got nothing
but he has a plan B for if he does have
something one more on why he thinks
Muller is not gonna get him he's decided
that a key witness in the Russia probe
Paul manna Ford isn't going to quote
flip and sell him out friends and aides
say I mean look at that quote first of
all that means if Manta Ford did flip
they could get Trump but he thinks
that's okay he's not gonna flip okay
what does Manta Ford have on Donald
Trump by the way a guy who might be
flipping as we speak it
longtime colleague a mana Ford who was
also arrested along with him Rick gates
there's a story out earlier this week
about how Gates is now getting special
privileges that mana Ford is not getting
interesting okay good I'm glad that
Donald Trump thinks that everything's
hunky-dory but the plan B is was
disturbing he believes robert muller who
heads the investigation can be crushed
if necessary without being fired so how
would that work well ok firing him is a
bad idea he's now been convinced that
it's a bad idea and it would backfire on
him politically that's good news his
plan for a new plan for Muller turns out
is even worse instead as is now becoming
plain the Trump strategy is to discredit
the investigation and the FBI without
officially removing the leadership Trump
is even talking to friends about the
possibility of asking Attorney General
Jeff Sessions to consider prosecuting
Muller and his team Wow so think about
that there's two components to it one is
no that's okay I don't have to fire him
I could just arrest them how is that
better
that's worse he's amazing he's so
oblivious
you don't think arresting the Special
Counsel investigating you might also
cause a political debacle he thinks I
got this thing figured out we don't fire
him we just put him in a dungeon or
something and I bet nobody else say
anything it's starting every day it's
it's amazing you find out that he's even
dumber than you were expected who thinks
that wouldn't cause political trouble
but the second component is scarier what
if he doesn't
and the Republicans flush with the donor
cash nowadays gave the donors trillions
of dollars in tax cuts go you're right
arresting your political opponents
arresting the prosecutor investigating
you would be the most unamerican
unconstitutional thing we have ever seen
in America but we don't care we got the
money
who cares arrest them well then we've
lost democracy and then we're in a world
of pain because this country
going to be more deeply divided than you
have ever seen if he goes down that path
that is a super dark path one more quote
about this from NBC News an advisor to
Trump said so this is someone who has
talked to Trump about this here's how it
would work we're sorry mr. Muller you
won't be able to run the federal grand
jury today because he has to go testify
to another federal grand jury they're
thinking of arresting Bob Muller Wow
that is a on a scale of 1 to 10 that is
an 11 on the insanity scale and it leads
this country into a place where we would
have a full-blown constitutional crisis
and I have no idea what the outcome of
that will be very very scary you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
