when a president and his lieutenants are
suspected to violating US law to grasp
the reins of power it is the job of law
enforcement to do something about it we
live to investigators prosecutors and
jury members to determine the truth to
stand for the rule of law we on the
sidelines can guess and speculate
debating outcomes we cannot no cable
news will even sell tickets but when a
president attempts to keep the reins of
power by sidelining investigators and
prosecutors intimidating them it is
Congress's job to do something about
that the execution of that job a vital
test may be the ultimate test of the
true State of the Union now president
Trump denies that he ordered special
counsel robert muller fired but remember
he fired acting Attorney General Sally
Yates he fired FBI director Jim Comey
who refused to pledge his loyalty to the
President and he tried to stop Attorney
General Jeff Sessions Ritu's all from
the Russia investigation justise
afternoon NBC reported that FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe a target of
president Trump's public wrath is
stepping aside ahead of his retirement
in March mr. mchabe you may remember was
reportedly asked by the president who he
voted for and grilled about donations to
McCabe's wife's political campaign this
just days after reports that mr. Trump
still talks about getting rid of mothers
boss deputy US Attorney General Rob
Rhodes Stein that mr. Trump push to make
sessions resign and that the president
now wants a classified congressional
memo released trashing top FBI officials
who can corroborate commis testimony the
Washington Post reports that mr. Trump
hopes the
memo will raise questions about those
officials at about Rosenstein that will
justify removing them which would of
course clear the way from mr. Trump
and/or his allies to appoint loyal
replacements loyal to them there are two
bills in Congress aimed at protecting
Muller but we have to face the fact that
they're probably panna Minds dangerous
distractions with slim hope of passing
listen to some of our elected
representatives on their sworn duty to
uphold the Constitution and take a hard
stand in molars defense there have been
a number of bipartisan bills proposed in
the Senate that would attempt to protect
the special counsel from firing by the
President and you said in December that
quote you haven't see the need for
legislation protecting Muller do you see
the need now it probably wouldn't hurt
for us to pass one of those bills you
have confidence in Bob Muller yes a
hundred percent I have confidence in
Moeller I have questions about others
within the FBI and the DOJ especially
was come out in these texts would you be
open if there is a bill that protects
you know something there's a couple of
bills in the Senate one would be having
a three-judge panel review a decision if
the President did fire Muller to see if
it was done on fair grounds would you be
open if that bill is attached to the
budget bill would you support that would
you let that go through versus I think
we should focus on the budget because
military needs their funding why are we
playing other games with something else
what's your reaction of the president's
reported order to fire Bob Muller how
much can how much does that concern you
again that's New York talk I look at it
strictly as the New York language that
they have which is different than most
other people but how is it there how is
that New York talk I'm curious what
makes this if it isn't already it will a
constitutional crisis is not the
potential law breaking itself it is that
when law enforcement are targeted by the
chief executive in this way those
members of Congress you just heard are
the last redress offered by our cast
tuition but we've been here before when
Congress rose to the challenge during
the Nixon period and the widespread
criminal conspiracy known as Watergate
President Trump might not even mention
the ongoing investigations as to whether
he and are those close to him conspired
with the Russians to influence the
election but we have to consider it in
assessing the true State of the Union
today in the months that even years
ahead the state of our country's union
may well depend on what these
investigations conclude and how we as a
people as a country react to it the
president can read from his teleprompter
script all he wants about grand hopes
and plans but until the questions about
Russian influence and intervention
interference and the suspected crimes by
Americans including possibly the
president are answered until that
happens our union will be marked by
toxic levels of anxiety and uncertainty
there are of course other fault lines
running through our nation on racial and
religious bigotry immigration economic
inequality and education the list is
long but wrongly or rightly questions of
possible high crimes in high places or
front and center at the moment and will
continue to be until those questions are
answered and we know how Congress and
the American people rise to the moment
the president can continue argue that
it's really no big deal all fake news
and a minority of Americans will
continue to believe him but as Abraham
Lincoln supposedly once remarked you can
fool some of the people some of the time
you can't fool all of our people all the
time the multi-faceted criminal
investigations swirling around the
president his family and some of his
advisors is a big deal
and however it ends however we ended
will be a driving factor in determining
the state of our union now and possibly
for generations to come my closing
thoughts on the state of the union as a
speech to the nation right after this
break
