and finally tonight a closing thought
there's a profound disconnect between
the contemporary attention given to
State of the Union addresses and their
actual impact on history over my many
years covering these pinnacles of pomp
and ceremony on the American political
landscape catnip especially for those of
us who charge with filling air time on
television years through the years I've
usually found that these spectacles may
be full of sound and fury but they
usually end up signifying next to
nothing and the power of these moments
were a president used to grab the
unified attention of a nation has only
diminished in the age of fractured media
outlets and the constant barrage of
instantaneous news cycles but all that
being said these speeches are not
without their importance
for they do serve as a test of sorts for
how the public views our president and
perhaps even more significant how our
president wishes to be viewed and that
leads to what we may expect Tuesday
night in many ways we have already seen
plenty of what President Trump thinks
through tweets and unscripted asides
we've been allowed to take a full
measure of a man unbound by democratic
norms basic decorum and language and
many may say even common humanity I
suspect that this will be one of those
moments we have seen before where
President Trump attempts to let go of
his raucous rhetoric and sticks to a
script written for him I suspect if read
the speech will sound like one in the
mainstream of the modern Republican
Party say nothing of whether these
policies are particularly popular with
the population at large but what we do
not know is whether mr. Trump will
remain constrained or whether in his
delivery he will betray some of the
divisive tone some of the braggadocio
that has made him so controversial will
there be any alley branches offered or
only briars
in particular what will the president
say about the immigration debate royal
in the country will it be any sense that
he will make a deal
or will he adhere to a hard-line these
are the kinds of questions that usually
precede his speech of this nature but we
have also seen that just because mr.
Trump says something doesn't mean he
will hold true I do suspect that the
expectation game for the president is so
low that he may very well pass enough of
a bar so that at least some pundits will
proclaim he has finally turned a corner
and sounds more presidential maybe he
will fall short of even that bar what I
do expect is that no matter what happens
a few days later we'll all be talking
about something else that too is the
state of our union with that I'll leave
you for this news cycle
The Young Turks is next on Tuesday the
Young Turks will have a full night of
special State of the Union coverage
kicking off at 6:00 Eastern Time and
we'll be back with the news at this same
place and time 5:30 Eastern every Monday
until then Dan Rather reporting stay
static
