you will hear about the Trump economy as
world leaders did it doubles on Friday
after years of stagnation the United
States is once again experiencing strong
economic growth the stock market is
smashing one record after another and
has added more than seven trillion
dollars in new wealth since my election
consumer confidence business confidence
and manufacturing confidence are the
highest they have been in many decades
so let's unpack the Trump economic
miracle stocks are hitting all-time
highs
as they have for several years
unemployment is falling as it has for
several years but job creation last year
was the weakest it has been since the
Great Recession see that point on the
right that's job creation under
President Trump the rest is under mr.
Obama now let's talk manufacturing jobs
again that part on the right is
President Trump the rebound point is
shortly after mr. Obama took office job
numbers considered feeble under Obama
today we're told Harold some new
American age so President Trump will not
mention that America's growth actually
likes the rest of the world gross
domestic product grew 2.3 percent last
year as the GDP for earth grew 3.7
percent
meanwhile rising gas prices and
insurance premiums threatened to gobble
up whatever if any tax savings are left
after losing deductions for most people
on mortgages and local taxes and we have
yet to see the economic impact of mr.
Trump's policies on another big issue in
his State of the Union speech
international trade Canada and other
countries are already locking up deals
with each other since the u.s. shut down
big trade talks now the president won't
tell us that in NAFTA talks today
American farmers are begging him not to
kill their exports by diminishing NAFTA
on the flipside mr. Trump's tariffs on
imports solar panels and washing
machines are expected to mean higher
prices for Americans and fewer jobs for
Americans the president will tell us
though of the powerful stimulus to come
with his plan to spend a trillion
dollars on infrastructure he will not
reveal that roads and bridges which now
are free may very well cost you tolls
and fees paid to private companies down
the road
