so Donald Trump has a person that he is
likely to nominate to be the
Commissioner of the IRS now if history
is any guide he will pick someone who
will try to destroy the IRS he did
similar things with the EPA the
Department of Education Department of
Energy and the list goes on and on and
of course Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau if someone said they were looking
to destroy that agency he would nominate
their head and nominate them as the head
of that agency Scott Pruett for example
sued the EPA 14 times he's now the head
of the EPA Rick Perry said we should
eliminate Department of Energy he's now
the head of the Department of Energy you
get it so his new pick is Charles Redick
we believe to be the Commissioner now
he's not in yet if he is in fact
nominated he'll have to go through a
confirmation process so it is important
that you know his background and why he
was selected so TYT investigates looked
into what is his expertise and and we
found out some very interesting facts
about mr. Redick Michael Tracey
reporting here based in Beverly Hills
Charles Chuck Redick has represented a
bevy of rich clients and disputes with
tax collectors with a special emphasis
on offshore account holders who may run
afoul of US law great so his expertise
is not in collecting taxes it is the
exact opposite it his expertise is in a
helping rich people evade taxes avoid
taxes depending on however you want to
describe it you know he's a lawyer for
the rich and he says oh no moving their
money offshore
that's not evasion that's just being
smart and making sure you don't get it
and that they have to increase your
taxes and fees to make up for it yeah
very cute Redick has characterized tax
cuff laws as well-intentioned citizens
who want to hand over their fair share
but simply lack the necessary knowledge
he says quote there are a lot of wannabe
taxpayers who just don't know how to get
back into the system he said in 2004
quote when you provide some incentive
for people to come forward you find a
tremendous number of folks to step up to
the plate is
people who have moved their money
offshore to hide it
they just can't figure out how to pay
the taxes well one way is you're
bringing the money back into the country
and you report it and you pay taxes on
it
voila mystery solved no they are keeping
them taxes abroad and place liebe Cayman
Islands in Switzerland and Panama why
because they don't want to be taxed on
it so they have been advised by people
like retic you move the money offshore
and then you hold it hostage until you
get a lower rate and then you say okay
now you have provided the correct
incentive for me to bring my money back
into the country
and pay a much much lower tax rate as
Warren Buffett points out oftentimes way
lower than their secretaries by the way
that happens a great deal of time as
Buffett points out when they even keep
their money here in America through all
the loopholes but this is for the extra
greedy who say your current loopholes
are not good enough I'm still gonna move
my money offshore and try to hide it
from the US government in 2005 Redick
publicly defended a tax sheltering
practice called the S corporation
charitable contribution strategy in
which a firm donates shares to a
tax-exempt entity and then buys them
back several years later in order to
maximize capital gains which are taxed
at much lower rates than the shares
would have been initially so this is
basically an SC - he said oh no no it's
perfectly good I mean it seems like
we're just moving money around to avoid
taxes but no here's what he said back
then the sc2 transaction is not the
poster child for abuse of ty shelters
that the government would portray the
tax result may be highly objectionable
to the IRS but as a technical matter
many knowledgeable practitioners are
convinced it will be upheld in
litigation well guess what it wasn't
KPMG the accounting firm which developed
sc2 was later subject to a wide-ranging
tax fraud indictment for its tax
sheltering practices three people were
ultimately convicted while charges
against 13 were dismissed the sc2
strategy was
and by the IRS in April of 2004 but Fox
meat henhouse now the guy who wanted to
do a tax shelter that was so fraudulent
that it was banned is going to be the
head of the IRS if nominated Inc affirm
as always with Trump if there are global
financial elites to be protected banks
to be protected billionaires to be
protected the corrupt who have given
money to politicians to be protected
Trump is gonna protect them at all costs
and he's gonna send this someone to the
IRS whose job is to destroy the IRS now
you think that they won't collect taxes
from you guys no no they got to make up
the difference if they let the rich get
away with all their loopholes and all
they're all sure it counts and all their
fraudulent schemes the money's got to
come from somewhere payroll tax fees
fines extra taxes on the middle class
they're gonna get it out of your hide
and Ready's gonna make sure that's gonna
happen now here's the concluding
paragraph Michael Tracy and I want to
focus on this for a reason he says the
IRS must balance this is according to
Reddick must balance service to the
taxpayer community with an appropriate
degree of enforcement of our nation's
tax laws he Rettig wrote that back in
2013 Forbes comm column in 2006 reading
delivered a lecture entitled minimizing
exposure to scrutiny in your clients
wealth transferred strategies isn't that
a nice way of putting in views from the
Tax Court and the IRS given how he has
frequently taken legal positions at odds
with IRS policy it remains to be seen
which interests he intends on quote
servicing as IRS commissioner he's
already told you he thinks the IRS
should service those high-end tax payers
he calls them the tax payer community
and he that they should be allowed to do
their wealth transfers to hide their
money now if he's the head of the IRS
it's going to be
open season it look a lot of people
voted for Donald Trump because they were
tired of the establishment they couldn't
stand the status quo then they wanted to
dream the swamp it wasn't that part of
it was an excellent electoral strategy
because the American people hate
corruption but it was a joke it was a
joke meant to be played on you as soon
as he got into office he filled his
cabinet with Goldman Sachs employees
including the president of Goldman Sachs
who's his top economic adviser he did
everything he could to deregulate the
banks and to lower taxes on the banks
the financial elites millionaires
billionaires you name it by 2027 what
the 83% of the tax cuts they just passed
are gonna go to the just top 1% and then
he guy takes a guy like Chuck reading
and says oh you're the expert on
avoiding taxes for the rich great I got
the perfect position for you the head of
the IRS he is the corruption open your
eyes if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
