I am told over and over by the
Republicans including this guy we're
gonna tell you about Steve Curtis that
are the Democrats of voter fraud voter
fraud running rampant when you ask them
for evidence of voter fraud they can
hardly point to any case at all even
people in deeply red states when asked
to show voter fraud simply couldn't do
it so it turns out though to be fair to
them there are some cases of voter fraud
which brings us to mr. Curtis the former
chairman of the Colorado GOP according
lawn crime was sentenced Friday for
falsifying his ex-wife's absentee ballot
Steve Curtis 57 must serve four years of
probation and performed three hundreds
of hours of community service for voter
fraud and forgery according to a
statement from the weld County District
Attorney
we found voter fraud it turns out it's
the chairman of the Colorado GOP who was
doing it I get a load of his background
Curtis served as chairman of the
Colorado GOP from 97 to 99 he went on to
become a radio show host with klz 560
a.m. conservative talk radio and on that
show he said quote virtually every case
of voter fraud I can remember in my
lifetime was committed by Democrats am i
onto something here or do I just not
have the facts I'm pretty sure you do
have the facts you know that you
committed voter fraud but you said
things like that anyway and what do I
tell you about Republicans it's always
projection whatever they think they want
to do they project onto liberals oh they
all get funded by rich liberal donors
some might most do not they get funded
by rich conservative donors like Rush
Limbaugh being funded by the Koch
brothers Heritage Foundation etcetera
posing as ads oh the Liberals are
snowflakes who get triggered by benign
things oh my god there's a war on
Christmas because somebody said happy
holidays instead of Merry Christmas
snowflakes I can go on and on and in
this case oh look at the Democrats
fraud what in fact that guy himself is
to invoke a fraud well what was his
excuse for doing obvious blatant voter
fraud
get a load of this Steve Curtis claimed
he had a diabetic blackout the night it
happened and couldn't remember doing it
yeah I think that's how the diabetic
blockhouse work hey I'm gonna fill out
intricate forms on voter registration
for my wife in the middle of a blackout
yep probably
it turns that no convicted and sentenced
here's what the prosecutor said bottom
line he has absolutely no respect for
the law which by the way could also
describe Republicans were for the rule
of law unless it's Donald Trump in which
he is gonna fire every prosecutor
investigating him they never meant any
of it see for progressives rule of law
means fairness justice can we get the
victims justice but can we also be fair
to the defendants makes sense this the
Department of Justice it's justice that
we seek we seek to bring people to
justice right
for conservatives rule of law just means
instituting our power over others it
doesn't actually mean justice it means
we're in charge so we get to set the
rules so over and over again whether
it's Donald Trump or a guy like Steve
Curtis when they don't like the law they
just ignore it well it turns out if
you're not the president you don't have
all the Republican representatives
defending you and all the Republican
donors defending you you're a guy like
Steve Curtis and you break the law there
are consequences and he has met them and
we have found voter fraud we have met
voter fraud and it is a former
Republican chair you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
