for a while now conservatives
right-wingers on social media have been
doing hashtag released the memo at first
when I saw it I thought wow is this a
classified memo they have from the FBI
or any kind of information they have
from intelligence officials about what
Donald Trump did or did not do they want
to release so imagine it's good news for
Trump so I was curious about it well
turns out no it's it does have some
classified information according to the
FBI but it doesn't come from the FBI
it's a memo written by Republicans and
they want it release because they think
that that proves that they are right
because other Republicans wrote a memo
saying they don't like the Justice
Department investigating Donald Trump
that does not appear to be persuasive
evidence but let's dive into the details
find out more we'll go to New York Times
here they explain a secret highly
contentious Republican memo reveals that
Deputy Attorney General rod J Rosenstein
approved an application to extend
surveillance of a former Tramp campaign
associate shortly after taking office
last spring according to three people
familiar with it I suppose this is the
aha moment for right-wingers a like aha
so he investigated someone connected to
Donald Trump yes he apparently extended
that investigation and you see for that
to be interesting
you then have to follow it up with and
he shouldn't have because it was wrong
cuz that guy didn't do it and here's the
rest of the information but they don't
have that they're just like aha he asked
for an investigation that's kind of his
job as Deputy Attorney General this is
your big AHA these guys are unreal all
right more details the renewal shows of
the Justice Department under President
Trump saw a reason to believe that the
associate Carter Page was acting as a
Russian agent but the reference to mr.
Rosa Singh's actions in the memo a much
disputed document that paints the
investigation into Russian election
meddling as tainted from the start
indicates that
publicans may be moving to seize on his
role as they seek to undermine the
inquiry so there is already a warrant to
investigate Carter Paige who was part of
the Trump campaign because they're
concerned he might be a Russian agent
they have good enough evidence that they
got a warrant from a court and they
didn't do it without a warrant which
unfortunately happens all the time in
America they got a warrant they did
investigation as they should
roses team gets into office even though
he's appointed as part of the Trump
government says well they do have
evidence that this guy's a Russian agent
and they already had a warrant I'm going
to continue that warrant to make sure
that he is or is not a Russian agent and
we know because that's my job at the
Justice Department Republicans seize on
then go AHA again aha what uh what do
you have evidence that Carter Paige is
not a Russian agent nope they don't have
that evidence well do you have evidence
that this memo was written by the FBI
about seeger plots nope well who wrote
the memo there probably wrote the memo
so what so what so some of your own guys
wrote a memo saying they don't like rod
roses he because he's doing his job Wow
hashtag released the memo preposterous
now that reason the FBI claims they're
concerned is because they think in doing
so they might reveal classified
information and they won't show the FBI
what's in the memo the FBI saying well
look if there's no classified
information then that's not an issue can
we see a dog go away we're not going to
show to you I mean now the Republicans
refuse to work with their own Justice
Department all of this is madness okay
so more from the New York Times no
information has publicly emerged that
the Justice Department or the FBI did
anything improper while seeking the
surveillance warrant involving mr. page
that has not emerged because it does not
exist but right-wingers go well if you
got a warrant on a trump campaign
official by definition it must have been
wrong based on what evidence
based on the fact that you're in love
with Donald Trump okay but that's not
evidence okay mr. Trump is now again
telling associates that he is frustrated
with mr. roses team according to one
official familiar with
conversations in other words here we go
just got rid of mccabe or earlier got
rid of Comey now let's go get Rosenstein
who appointed Muller so then we can take
out Muller why cuz Trump knows that if
you have a real investigation of him you
will find out all those connections to
the Russians
now some Trump followers and other
knuckleheads in the country might not be
convinced because they think oh no
where's the evidence where's Evans I can
give you a laundry list of evidence and
I have done so throughout this last year
12 24 36 pieces of public evidence that
is exceedingly clear now that doesn't
mean you have a smoking gun that doesn't
mean you can convicted that doesn't mean
you could impeach him that's why they're
having an investigation okay but no
people say no the fact that he's trying
to fire everyone during the
investigation that doesn't mean anything
really okay if you're a Republican and
Obama's being investigated and he fires
the FBI director investigate him now he
moves aside the deputy director that has
supported him now talking about firing
the Deputy Attorney General and has
agitated publicly to fire the Special
Counsel investigating if Obama had done
all of that or Clinton had done all of
that what do you think your reaction
would be oh my god we know we know it is
the most corrupt guy there is in the
world impeachment impeachment
impeachment come on it's super obvious
it's frustrating having these nonsense
debates with people who are not honest
actors okay
now we go to another part of this which
is another person involved with the
Justice Department they explain what
Stephen E Boyd an assistant attorney
general warned in a letter last week to
the committee's chairman representative
Devin newness of California that it
would be extraordinarily reckless to
release a memo drawing on classified
information without official review and
pleaded with the committee to consult
the Justice Department so that's an
assistant attorney general doing his job
saying hey look at least show us the
memo and if there's no classified
information have at it Hoss but we don't
know if you're
Leeson classified information work with
the Jos Department you guys like to
investigate us because maybe our leader
did something terribly illegal money
laundering anyway according in Bloomberg
when Trump found out about Boyd saying
that it would be reckless he quote
erupted in anger of course he did yet
somebody else was walking his attempts
to block justice so again explaining
here the Justice Department's point of
view he said the department was unaware
of any wrongdoing related to the FISA
process but boy did now
one more piece of information here the
White House has made it clear to the
Justice Department in recent days that
it wants the Republican memo to be made
public in other words we don't care if
there's classified info on it
we erupt an anger if the FBI or the
Justice Department suggests that it
might we just want you to release it as
so that we could use it's a smear
everyone else at the Justice Department
okay so obviously guilty you're
unbelievable if you think he's not you
know no innocent people fire every
investigator that investigates them all
the time all the time it's a common
occurrence now this whole thing about
hey Carter page and the surveillance did
roses theme dream this up even though
he's part of the Trump government well
we've got Asha raga who's a former FBI
Special Agent explaining how that can't
possibly be true watch this is exactly
an example of how this memo is
inaccurate and misleading so Deputy
Attorney General Rosenstein actually
doesn't have the authority to extend any
kind of surveillance at all the
Department of Justice has to go into a
FISA Court and request an extension of
any surveillance that's ongoing now the
Deputy Attorney General might sign off
on allowing the their attorneys to go
into court to ask for it but the
ultimate decision on that would be made
by a judge and here's an important point
John
when there's surveillance on a u.s.
person the the Department of Justice has
to go in every 90 days and show the
court that they are getting valuable
foreign intelligence information in
order for that surveillance to be
extended now the the Carter page
surveillance began in September
Rosen Stein came on board in March that
means that this FISA had already been
extended before Rosen Stein even came on
the picture and that a judge found that
this surveillance was actually
collecting valid valuable foreign
intelligence information so it was a
valid visa there there was a reason to
have it in place so this is the kind of
thing where these details need to be
explained otherwise they completely
misconstrue what was happening and they
misconstrued on purpose obviously
because they're politically biased and
hacks the Republicans defending Donald
Trump so just so you're absolutely clear
they go to a FISA Court and get a
warrant what you're actually supposed to
do then in September September's when
they receive it at some point it is
renewed so the court says well you
actually do have information on this guy
keep investigating him because we think
he might be a Russian agent then roses
thing comes in at mo in March they got
the original one a September got renewed
at one point then roses team comes in at
March as part of the Trump
administration and he says well all
right I guess they you have good info on
this so I'm going to extend I'm gonna
ask thick's than the warrant again and
the court says you continue to have good
enough information that Carter page
might be a Russian agent so continue to
investigate him so that's the big crime
of Rosenstein according to the
Republicans oh my god he did his job and
extended a warrant on a guy that the
court thinks might be a Russian agent
tied to our government but they don't
want him to do there his job they want
to fire anyone who will do their job
because they don't believe in the rule
of law all they care about is protecting
their own teammate Donald Trump and and
they're willing to do anything and and
pretty much set our democracy on fire
too
accomplish their mission you just watch
the video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
