Andrew McCabe is out so he was the
acting director of the FBI for a little
while and and now he was the deputy
director
so after Comey was fired he stepped in
as Acting Director after they got a
regular director appointed by Trump he
then became deputy director but Trump
has been conducting a war on mccabe
quite publicly some of the really
interesting turns we find out about
today I'll share that with you in a
second but as NBC News reported first
explains last week White House spokesman
Raj Shah fan reports a pressure from the
White House the fire McCabe by saying in
a statement that Trump believes
politically motivated senior leaders of
the FBI have tainted the agency's
reputation for unbiased pursuit of
justice
now that's fairly hilarious because
obviously the main bias coming from
Donald Trump himself who apparently does
not like being investigated and what
would like to block that investigation
so nonetheless there was a world of
pressure on McCabe to leave and today
they were reporting that he's
quote/unquote stepping aside that is how
it's being framed one of the questions
that Hannah was whether he was gonna
wait till March so that he could get his
you know the retirement numbers that he
apparently needed and to fulfill a
certain period of time of the FBI it
looks like they struck a compromise he
was leaving a little earlier but we
cable remain on the FBI payroll until he
is eligible to retire with full benefits
in mid-march the sources said
apparently he's using some of his sick
days and vacation days to get to that
point in time in other words don't worry
Donald's we made sure we push them out
early Donald Trump had sent a tweet
saying Oh running out the clock with 90
days left in other words get rid of them
get rid of them get rid of them
apparently in an earlier report we found
that that Trump had asked McCabe who he
voted for when he was first talking to
him after he had fired Comey McCabe
apparently told them he didn't vote
that's obviously an improper question
given that the just
Portman is supposed to be independent
with a white house but a Donald Trump
has never understood that be if he does
understand it now he hates that concept
he's like why would they investigate me
it's my government I don't want them
investigating mean they might find out
the things I've done well that's why the
Justice Department is independent so
earlier this month the Washington Post
reported after Trump fired FBI director
James Comey he met with me came in the
Oval Office and asked him who he voted
for in the 2016 election that's the
improper question to say the least and
then here's a little bit more context
from an NBC about McCabe's career a
longtime career servant mccabe has
served at the FBI since 1996 under
former directors robert muller and Comey
and that was one of the issues that
donald trump had with him he thought
well this guy is loyal to Comey and
Muller which makes sense because Comey
was the head of the FBI and McCabe work
for him and Muller earlier was a head of
the FBI and worked and McCabe worked for
him well Trump thinks no you shouldn't
be loyal to the people investigating me
you should be loyal to me and that's
part of the reason why he likely asked
the question of who he voted for and he
was also upset that McCabe's wife
earlier in 2015 had taken donations when
she was running for office from Terry
McAuliffe an ally of Hillary Clinton now
what that has to do with what he did in
2016 and 2017 no one's quite sure but
Trump thinks that good enough for a
smear job anyone investigating me I'm
gonna find some dirt on them and I'm
gonna pretend they're bias instead of
the obvious fact as I alluded to earlier
which is that he's biased he's the one
being investigated that's why he's
trying to fire anyone doing that now
Sarah how could be Sanders has asked
about that today she is a comical astro
of mccabe what names so a drew me gave
us having to do with him stepping aside
earlier oh here let's watch the news
came down in the last hour the deputy
director of the FBI into the caves
we get reaction from the White House
said is the president back at the end of
December was tweeting about anger McCabe
in a less than infusive crazed manner
what's he thinking about
look we've seen the numerous ports as
all of you have and any specifics I can
tell you none of this decision was made
by that of the White House and any
specifics I would refer you to the FBI
look at the president stands by his
previous comments but in terms of the
situation today as I just said we've
seen the reports just as all of you have
we don't have any specific comments can
you say definitively though that the
President did not play a role in Andrew
McCain stepping out yes I didn't say the
president wasn't part of this
decision-making process no one at the
White House contacted the FBI about
McCain no one put any directives or even
had any discussions about his tenure at
the FBI did anyone at the White House
not that I'm aware of nothing specific
to McCabe and his stepping down as of
today no one at the White House gave any
instructions or even communicated to the
FBI about the White House's view on
Andrew McCabe really all right well
let's go to some news reports and then a
tweet from Donald Trump back to NBC in
recent weeks the White House is agitated
for McCabe's exit say he's part of a
broader pattern of bias against the
president in the highest levels of
federal law enforcement seems like they
had some sort of discussion more Trump's
repeated criticism of McCabe which is
very public both in public and private
made the FBI's Deputy Director the
leading example of concerns Republicans
have increasingly raised about potential
impartiality at the Justice Department
well they've been all over television
talking about that and then there's of
course this Trump's tweet he said how
can FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe
the man in charge along with leaking
James Comey of the phony Hillary Clinton
investigation including her 33,000
illegally deleted emails be given
$700,000 for his wife's campaign by
Clinton puppets during investigation
now the reality is of course that money
was given him McCabe's wife that's the
kind of insider stuff that I can't stand
and so she runs all the people in
Washington or through the cocktail
circuit they pour money into that and so
pointing that out as something that is
an annoying part of Washington is fair
enough saying that that decision to get
the money had something to do with an
investigation that started years later
well that makes no sense at all but the
one thing that is clear is Donald Trump
publicly criticizing mccabe and and of
course the campaign overall to get rid
of him now here comes the latest twist
which is quite remarkable but now
knowing Donald Trump perhaps not
surprising so when James Comey was fired
apparently Donald Trump was enraged that
he then got on a government plane back
to LA because he found out while
watching TV in Los Angeles about to give
a speech about the FBI here in LA and
and then he's fired so gets back on the
plane that brought him and comes home
but Trump thinks this outrageous Cosby
cab who's now in charge of the FBI cos
comb he's just been fired and says why
did you let him get on an FBI plane
McCabe says well I didn't I didn't know
anything about that but if I had known I
would have let him get back on the plane
because that's the plane he came in on
and Trump is then furious and then this
happens the president was silent for a
moment and then turned on mccabe
suggesting he asked his wife how it
feels to be a loser an apparent
reference to a failed campaign for state
office in Virginia that McCabe's wife
made in 2015
McKay replied okay sir Trump then hung
up the phone
lunatic in office who says that to
anyone who by the way would be a part of
your government but the second part of
it is someone who you think right or
wrong is in your delusional mind set
against you well then why would you say
that to him because he has no sense at
all because he can't help himself he has
verbal diarrhea
he just says whatever comes to the top
of his mind oh yeah your wife's a loser
what kind of a person says that could
you imagine if Obama had said that to
the Acting Director of the FBI oh yeah
your wife's a loser oh my god
imagine what FoxNews would have done to
him but now Fox News is in the business
of shredding the FBI shredding the rule
of law law and order we never meant that
no we meant that the FBI if it's doing
our bidding is fine but if it's they're
actually investigating serious
allegations against the Republican know
no fire everyone in the building
well now McCabe is gone there are
reports that roses theme the Deputy
Attorney General and the Justice
Department might be next and the purge
continues so if you let these guys purge
all of the people they perceive them to
be
their opponents whether it's political
opponents or in this case in their
perception legal opponents people who
might investigate them well then we no
longer have a democracy and today with
McCabe's that quote-unquote stepping
aside oh it's the white house comically
says that they had nothing to do with it
part of that purge continues these are
dark times in America if they get to
Rosenstein and Muller there has to be
immediate impeachment proceedings but
with the Republicans now ordered by
their donors who are incredibly happy
happy about the trillions of dollars
they got in tax cuts told to back Donald
Trump that doesn't seem likely at this
point I don't know who else he could
push out or fire and still have the
Republicans back him but given how
static the donors are about the
trillions of dollars they just took from
us I'm not sure there's a good answer to
that he might be able to fire anyone I
still have the Republicans back home in
which case if we're gonna have any rule
of law at all and we're gonna have a
democracy well then you're gonna have to
make that decision in 2018 based on your
vote for Congress we'll see there's
still a lot more dominoes here but
another domino fell today and it is not
good news you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
