good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
President Trump on to C says he wants to
focus on five subjects in his first
State of the Union speech will close
tonight with my thoughts about the State
of the Union the speech itself what it
does and does not mean and the test of
that Union posed by the looming showdown
between the chief executive and the rule
of law but let's begin with president
Trump's five topics not healthcare not
climate change not the environment not
criminal justice reform not social
justice not education no mention of a
falling American lifespan never mind
three million people who no longer have
health insurance instead you will hear
about president Trump's tremendous
strides on immigration more fittingly
against immigration the White House last
week said it's time to lower legal
immigration and the president's
deportation record is not much better or
worse than President Obama's but you
will not hear about shattered families
or military veterans cast out by the
country they served all last week's
report that the government is now
hunting people by tracking license
plates in real-time with a database of
two billion license plate photos or the
federal officials now demanding that bus
passengers show their papers in America
bus passengers being asked to show their
papers you will not hear about the
impact on communities or the economy but
you will hear her about the Trump
economy as world leaders did it doubles
on Friday after years of stagnation the
United States is once again experiencing
strong economic growth the stock market
is smashing one record after another and
has added more than seven
in dollars in new wealth since my
election consumer confidence business
confidence and manufacturing confidence
are the highest they have been in many
decades so let's unpack the Trump
economic miracle stocks are hitting
all-time highs as they have for several
years unemployment is falling as it has
for several years but job creation last
year was the weakest it has been since
the Great Recession see that point on
the right that's job creation under
President Trump the rest is under mr.
Obama now let's talk manufacturing jobs
again that part on the right is
President Trump the rebound point is
shortly after mr. Obama took office job
numbers considered feeble under Obama
today we're told Harold some new
American age so President Trump will not
mention that America's growth actually
likes the rest of the world gross
domestic product grew 2.3 percent last
year as the GDP for earth grew 3.7
percent
meanwhile rising gas prices and
insurance premiums threatened to gobble
up whatever if any tax savings are left
after losing deductions for most people
and mortgages and local taxes and we
have yet to see the economic impact of
mr. Trump's policies on another big
issue in his State of the Union speech
international trade Canada and other
countries are already locking up deals
with each other since the u.s. shut down
Pacific trade talks now the president
won't tell us that in NAFTA talks today
American farmers are begging him not to
kill their exports by diminishing NAFTA
on the flip side mr. Trump's tariffs on
imports solar panels and washing
machines are expected to mean higher
prices for Americans
and fewer jobs for Americans the
president will tell us though of the
powerful stimulus to come with his plan
to spend a trillion dollars on
infrastructure he will not reveal that
roads and bridges which now are free may
very well cost you tolls and fees paid
to private companies down the road and
finally there is the ultimate trump card
as he told Davos national security fear
in this war I am pleased to report that
the coalition to defeat Isis has retaken
almost 100 percent of the territory once
held by these killers in Iraq and Syria
there is still more fighting and work to
be done and to consolidate our games we
are committed to ensuring that
Afghanistan never again becomes a safe
haven for terrorists who want to commit
mass murder to our civilian populations
let's be clear the military defeat of
Isis should be applauded by Americans of
any and all parties but the fighting
national security narrowly does not make
us safer Isis had no brigades on our
beaches white supremacists killed 18
people in America last year double the
year before gunmen opened fire in 11 of
our schools this year alone new poisons
are being pumped into our air WMDs
deregulated by the Trump Environmental
Protection Agency storms hitters more
frequently more powerful droughts and
wildfires torrential rains and mudslides
these two are threats this too is the
State of the Union and when you hear
President Trump in his speech proclaim
the end of Isis in Syria
that the administration just announced
thousands of you as troops will stay
there fighting the Syrian military its
Iranian allies and its Russian allies
and if the state of our union today says
it's a liberal impulse to question any
new war surely as a conservative one
that demands congressional approval to
wage war but we've heard little from
Congress less from our TV news folks the
exertion of American hard power in
modern times is perhaps the greatest
threat to the State of Union as we
should know by now what history teaches
about hard power military power is that
there are limits to it from the ancient
Greeks and Romans from the ancient
Chinese and Persians to the modern
examples of Vietnam in Iraq the lesson
is clear hard power has its temptations
and illusions but the reality is filled
with danger hard military power has its
limits overreach overconfidence out of
balance reliance on sheer military power
is perilous for societies at this moment
in history and ever since World War two
America's military has been it remains
the strongest the world has ever known
but we are currently stretched thin very
thin too thin the US military is engaged
in estimated 60 countries including seal
being tied down in the quagmire of
Afghanistan for 17 years now we have
sworn treaty obligations to defend many
countries ranging from Japan and
elsewhere in Asia to Israel in most of
Europe the drain on American blood and
treasure is enormous there are serious
questions about whether we can sustain
this without wrecking our economy and
our national unity
in deciding how to deal with the
challenge we obviously need to be steady
sensible and smart rightly or wrongly
justified or not most Americans and many
people around the world doubt that
America currently has a president who
provides leadership along those lines
that increases the importance of us
remembering we can and should be proud
of our fellow Americans in military
service while at the same time being
acutely aware that there is a limit to
what they and the power they represent
can do and that the exercise of hard
power is seldom effective and gravely
more risky without the use of soft power
diplomacy and dollars can build the
strongest of safeguards for our future
the rubble left by hard power in World
War two after all was built upon by
dramatic use of soft power creating the
United Nations and subsidizing the
rebirth of our enemies Germany and Japan
with the Marshall Plan which ones who
made them stalwart allies let's remember
the Marshall Plan put into place in the
wake of World War two was controversial
at the time but it got put in a being
with bipartisan support and the Marshall
Plan soft power helped to ensure peace
for more than half a century I compare
that with today when the State
Department is in effect being hollowed
out and going forward if we continue to
hollow out our our soft power abilities
or what does that tell you about the
necessity it's likely to arise for the
use of more military power it may be
coincidence that a president who does
not believe in soft power always had
enough economic power and privilege to
ensure that he never needed soft power
his own life in business and now the
Trump administration is engaged in
wholesale unilateral
of America's soft power not just on
diplomacy and foreign aid also on trade
with other countries on immigration
refugees even tourism squeezing global
institutions of soft power the United
Nations the International Space Station
is so often it is a vision of some of
power consistent with the Trump
administration's vision of America it
reflects how they see the Union strong
not through diversity and education but
what military might surrendering to the
axis of fear and xenophobia in Davos mr.
Trump advertised America as the land of
low taxes and the home of deregulation
that may make our country great for
foreign investors but it does not
establish a model anyone ought to
emulate instead and we have to face it
it's not a matter of opinion it's a fact
we have a president whose notion of soft
power his vision of the Union has
nothing to inspire anyone about America
aside from being America there's no call
to rise to something greater to do the
work of working together a pluribus unum
to support and maintain the brilliantly
designed institutions that check our
individual power to ensure the fair use
of power for all to build a more perfect
union when I come back what new
revelations about the Russian
investigation tell us about the State of
the Union I see what we will see
the deep divisions the endemic in
justices the uncertainty about our
future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short
but we can renew our national purpose if
we recognize that what unites us is far
greater and stronger than all that
divides us look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some amazing
ones recently so of course you know that
a person most widely considered to be
the most progressive senator is Bernie
Sanders why not backed up during the
2016 primaries
why be a Democrat at all and where the
time where it's you cannot
sit on the sidelines of history now
let's talk about this when a president
and his lieutenants are suspected to
violating US law to grasp the reins of
power it is the job of law enforcement
to do something about it we look to
investigators prosecutors and jury
members to determine the truth to stand
for the rule of law we on the sidelines
can guess and speculate debating
outcomes we cannot know cable news will
even sell tickets but when a president
attempts to keep the reins of power by
side lining investigators and
prosecutors intimidating them it is
Congress's job to do something about
that the execution of that job a vital
test may be the ultimate test of the
true state of the Union now president
Trump denies that he ordered special
counsel robert muller fired but remember
he fired acting Attorney General Sally
Yates he fired FBI director Jim Comey
who refused to pledge his loyalty to the
President and he tried to stop Attorney
General Jeff Sessions Ritu's whole from
the Russia investigation justise
afternoon NBC reported that FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe a target of
president Trump's public wrath is
stepping aside ahead of his retirement
in March mr. mchabe you may remember was
reportedly asked by the president who he
voted for and grilled about donations to
McCabe's wife's political campaign this
just days after reports that mr. Trump
still talks about getting rid of
mother's boss deputy US Attorney General
rod Rhodes Stein that mr. Trump push to
make sessions resign and that the
president now wants a classified
congressional memo released trashing top
FBI officials who can corroborate
calm ease testimony The Washington Post
reports that mr. Trump hopes the memo
will raise questions about those
officials and about Rosenstein that will
justify removing them which would of
course clear the way from mr. Trump
and/or his allies to appoint loyal
replacements loyal to them there are two
bills in Congress aimed at protecting
Muller but we have to face the fact that
they're probably panna Minds dangerous
distractions with slim hope of passing
listen to some of our elected
representatives on their sworn duty to
uphold the Constitution and take a hard
stand in molars defense there have been
a number of bipartisan bills proposed in
the Senate that would attempt to protect
the Special Counsel from firing by the
President and you said in December that
quote you haven't see the need for
legislation protecting mauler do you see
the need now it probably wouldn't hurt
for us to pass one of those bills do you
have confidence in bob muller yes a
hundred percent I have confidence in
Moeller I have questions about others
within the FBI and the DOJ especially
was come out in these texts would you be
open if there is a bill that protects
you know something this is there's a
couple of bills in the Senate one would
be having a three-judge panel review a
decision if the president did fire
Muller to see if it was done on fair
grounds would you be open if that bill
is attached to the budget bill would you
support that would you let that go
through verses but I think we should
focus on the budget because military
needs their funding why are we playing
other games with something else what's
your reaction of the president's
reported order to fire Bob Muller how
much can how much does that concern you
again that's New York talk I look at it
strictly as the New York language that
they have which is different than most
other people but how was it there how
was that New York talk I'm curious what
makes this if it isn't already it will a
constitutional crisis is not the
potential law-breaking yourself it is
that when law enforcement are targeted
by the chief executive in this way those
numbers of
as you just heard are the last redress
offered by our Constitution but we've
been here before when Congress rose to
the challenge during the Nixon period
and the widespread criminal conspiracy
known as Watergate President Trump might
not even mention the ongoing
investigations or whether he and are
those close to him conspired with the
Russians to influence the election but
we have to consider it in assessing the
true State of the Union today in the
months that even years ahead the state
of our country's union may well depend
on what these investigations conclude
and how we as a people as a country
react to it the president can read from
his teleprompter script all he wants
about grand hopes and plans but until
the questions about Russian influence
and intervention interference and the
suspected crimes by Americans including
possibly the president are answered
until that happens our union will be
marked by toxic levels of anxiety and
uncertainty there are of course other
fault lines running through our nation
on racial and religious bigotry
immigration economic inequality and
education the list is long but wrongly
or rightly questions of possible high
crimes in high places or front and
center at the moment and will continue
to be until those questions are answered
and we know how Congress and the
American people rise to the moment the
president can continue argue that it's
really no big deal all fake news and a
minority of Americans will continue to
believe him but as Abraham Lincoln's
supposedly once remarked you can fool
some of the people some of the time you
can't fool all of our people all the
time the multi-faceted criminal
investigations swirling around the
president his family and some were
visited by
is a big deal and however it ends
however we ended will be a driving
factor in determining the state of our
union now and possibly for generations
to come
my closing thoughts on the state of the
union as a speech to the nation right
after this break I see what we all see
the deep divisions the endemic in
justices the uncertainty about our
future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short
but we can renew our national purpose if
we recognize that what unites us is far
greater and stronger than all that
divides us look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some new ones
recently so now of course you know the
person most widely considered to be the
most progressive senator is Bernie
Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all that
were the time we're not sit on the
sidelines of history other stories we're
keeping an eye out and think you should
what our shortages around the world are
growing Cape Town South Africa now
expects to run out of water by early
April this major city already is
severely rationing water if the
prediction holds the taps will shut off
and residents will line up for rations
at distribution points it would be the
first major city to do so the first but
if present trends on water use hold it
won't be the last
Puerto Rico has announced plans to
privatize its electric utility it needs
approval from Washington half a million
people in Puerto Rico are still without
electrical power more than four months
after Hurricane Maria lest we forget
these are Americans desperate for help
feeling with some justification
forgotten and abandoned Silicon Valley
under a siege of a sort as a backlash
against tech giant spreads Facebook
announces it wants to get smaller and
not so vulnerable to manipulation Amazon
is widely accused of wrecking whole
sections of the US economy Apple is
facing investor demands that make its
products harder to use buy and less
attractive to children Google being
damned at home and overseas for some of
YouTube's content and for allegedly
exploiting Google's customers privacy
we're indebted to the week magazine for
pointing some of this out now whether or
not any or all of this is justified the
effect of it is to make big tech play
some defense and finally tonight a
closing thought there's a profound
disconnect between the contemporary
attention given to State of the Union
addresses and their actual impact on
history over my many years covering
these
of pomp and ceremony on the American
political landscape catnip especially
for those of us who've been charged with
filling air time on television years
through the years I've usually found
that these spectacles may be full of
sound and fury but they usually end up
signifying next to nothing and the power
of these moments where a president used
to grab the unified attention of a
nation has only diminished in the age of
fractured media outlets and the constant
barrage of instantaneous news cycles but
all that being said these speeches are
not without their importance for they do
serve as a test of sorts for how the
public views our president and perhaps
even more significant how our president
wishes to be viewed and that leads to
what we may expect Tuesday night in many
ways we have already seen plenty of what
President Trump thinks through tweets
and unscripted asides we've been allowed
to take a full measure of a man unbound
by democratic norms basic decorum and
language and many may say even common
humanity I suspect that this will be one
of those moments we have seen before
where President Trump attempts to let go
of his raucous rhetoric and sticks to a
script written for him I suspect you've
read the speech will sound like one in
the mainstream of the modern Republican
Party say nothing of whether these
policies are particularly popular with
the population at large but what we do
not know is whether mr. Trump will
remain constrained or whether in his
delivery he will betray some of the
divisive tone some of the braggadocio
that has made him so controversial will
there be any olive branches offered or
only briars in particular what will the
president say about the immigration
debate royally in the country will there
be any sense that he will make a deal
or will he adhere to a hardline
these are the kinds of questions that
usually precede a speech of this nature
but we have also seen that just because
mr. Trump says something doesn't mean he
will hold true I do suspect that the
expectation game for the president is so
low that he may very well pass enough of
a bar so that at least some pundits will
proclaim he has finally turned a corner
and sounds more presidential maybe he
will fall short of you in that bar
what I do expect is that no matter what
happens a few days later we'll all be
talking about something else
that too is the state of our union with
that I'll leave you for this news cycle
The Young Turks is next on Tuesday the
Young Turks will have a full night of
special State of the Union coverage
kicking off at 6:00 Eastern Time and
we'll be back with the news at this same
place and time 5:30 Eastern every Monday
until then dan Rather reporting states
that I see what we all see the deep
divisions the endemic in justices
the uncertainty about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short
but we can renew our national purpose if
we recognize that what unites us is far
greater and stronger than all that
divides us look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some amazing
ones recently so now of course you know
that the person most widely considered
to be the most progressive senator is
Bernie Sanders why not backed up during
the 2016 primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're in
the time where you cannot in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history
