so the government shutdown is really
nothing more than political theater we
all know this political theater that is
designed to try to accumulate leverage
to score points with the mutual bases of
both political parties understanding
that the mutual bases of both political
parties combined represent less than a
third of the population of the United
States and I look at the political
shutdown as a great example of basically
how the corruption of the two-party
system with the gerrymandering closed
primaries and close debate system along
with the campaign finance laws have
allowed it have allowed excuse me a very
small number of individuals to
effectively take hostage control of the
US government and more importantly the
u.s. political system in a way that
renders 70 to 80 percent of the US
population
irrelevant while masquerading itself as
a democracy and so you get the marketing
in the end the sort of pomp and
circumstance of a so-called democracy
while simultaneously allowing the
incumbent power base of the Republican
and Democratic Party primarily driven by
the gerrymandering of the districts and
then further compounded by the closed
primaries closed debates and all the
rest of it to retain power that is
basically an oleg our key or near near
dictatorship really while creating the
ambience or the the aesthetic of a
democracy which is actually a great way
to enable the oligarchy to perpetuate
itself so it's a brilliant maneuver on
their part in the shutdown just another
example of how powerless the US
population actually is to influence
anything even in the face of an
incredibly unpopular government I can
assure you more than 90% of the
incumbent politicians will be reelected
this year not because they're desirable
because they'll either be unopposed in
the primaries or they're they have so
effectively gerrymandered the electoral
districts that it's impossible to force
them to vacate despite the fact that
they are less popular than a cockroach
