the New York Times has just published an
explosive report indicating that sources
from the White House have leaked
information that Donald Trump back in
June of 2017 wanted to fire robert
muller the special counsel counsel
investigating russian collusion and also
obstruction of justice against Donald
Trump now what we know from this report
is that they spoke to at least four
individuals who know about the matter
they wish to remain anonymous for
obvious reasons but Trump was really
pushing to fire Muller but Don began who
is the White House Counsel was like no
homeboy you ain't doing that that's a
bad idea
in fact if you do that exactly if you do
that I'm gonna go ahead and quit my job
then Trump's it away he's acting like a
black guy so Trump apparently had
mentioned conflicts of interest
involving Muller for his reasoning as to
why it made sense to fire him now again
Trump didn't end up firing Muller
because of the fact that McGann would
not have it okay but let me tell you
what the conflicts of interests were at
least in Trump's perspective first Trump
claimed that a dispute years ago over
fees at trump National Golf Club in
Sterling Virginia had prompted mr.
Muller the FBI director at the time to
resign his membership that is a long
game played by Bob Butler that is a yeah
that is hold hold hold on a hold for
years right one day you're gonna
leverage yourself in the presidency
you're gonna have questionable
relationships with a foreign government
as well as just sort of like endless
financial improprieties I'm gonna get in
charge of an investigation of you and
then
should've raised my fees by $20 Dan
you'll see so there's more the president
also said mr. Muller
could not be impartial because he had
most recently worked for the law firm
that previously represented the
president's son-in-law Jared Kushner but
wouldn't that be a conflict of interest
that would potentially benefit Trump
maybe the conflict between Trump and
Jared around Ivanka you know also recall
that when you know when Trump was was
working it out with rod Rosenstein -
that initially his complaint for firing
Comey
which he then took ownership of in the
interview with Lester Holt that his
reasoning for firing combing was miss
handling the Hillary Clinton
investigation but miss handling it
because of the the incredibly derogatory
speech that comb he made about Clinton
in announcing that there would be no
charges so again it's just both of these
things show that he's looking for things
wouldn't matter what the things already
know so finally Trump said that Muller
had been interviewed to return to as the
FBI director the day before he was
appointed special counsel in May so that
was the third potential conflict of
interest that Trump had cited but again
Donald McGann did not buy any of it in
fact after receiving the president's
order to fire mr. Muller according to
the New York Times White House Counsel
Donald McGann refused saying he would
quit instead okay the most important
context here is McGann and who he is
so is he a White House Council that was
already there like the doctor the White
House doctor was already there so when
when he said the Trump is in good health
people were a little skeptical about the
weight and the height etc but they were
like well that's a respected doctor he
did Obama's he did Trump's in me gaskets
that is not the case he has been an
associate of Donald Trump for a long
long time and and he was the the main
lawyer on the campaign not only that he
goes over the White House and he helps
Donald Trump a fire James Comey he was
okay with that and he was part of that
decision-making process be he tried to
pressure salient
no Jeff Sessions to not recuse himself
from the Russian investigation so Magan
is solidly massively on Trump's side
throughout he is not independent sources
of course a Republican worked on that
FEC before etc but it's not just like a
random Republican or an establishment
Republican he is a deep deep Trump ally
but even him when Trump says or allow is
fire the next guy investigating me down
began hose throws up his hands he goes
no that's crazy if we fight or two
people investigating you one it looks
like you definitely did it - that's
definitely obstruction of justice and he
might have at that point been concerned
look three strikes and I'm also out if I
help you obstruct justice three
different times I might be in legal
jeopardy but either way a principled
action in this regard and Muller doesn't
get fired and and it would have thought
he and McGann is partly right he's
certainly right that it would have
caused an enormous controversy and and
maybe taking down Trump earlier right so
another component to this story is the
role of Ty Cobb within the
administration and it's never ever not
gonna make me laugh so Ty Cobb has also
been urging Trump behind the scenes to
cooperate with Muller you know change
the rhetoric involving this
investigation and just cooperate because
you will do better cooperating as
opposed to just firing people and so
that was an important component of the
story for me personally because Trump is
the most inconsistent person imaginable
when it comes to his public statements
about this investigation
he goes from trashing Muller and and
talking about how he can't be impartial
publicly and then all of a sudden he
goes on interviews talking about how he
thinks Muller will be completely fair
and then he can't wait to talk to him
and it's just it was interesting so
there are forces behind the scenes that
are urging Trump to behave a certain way
and to some extent he's listening which
is fascinating I think it's true that I
mean he is a child he's a child
and actually I don't even want to say
that's an insult to children he's got a
really addled brain and he's
relentless delusional narcissist and
obviously there is this dynamic where
the last person who talked to him he
listens to what I'm concerned about
though I think it's good that there's
pushback inside the administration but
I'm not convinced at all like that if he
fires Mahler that Republicans in
Congress will do a thing and I think
that the dynamics a good point is
starting to work now for all of the
drama that when he first got into office
they were like you know what this guy is
hook lined into the bloodstream of a
part of our base he knows exactly how to
speak to them and he's an idiot
and he's a narcissist and he's good at
media let's let him do that and then
we'll run through the agenda do tax
giveaways to oligarchs get rid of health
care the whole thing and it's starting
to actually kind of work right so that's
why you see people like Graham who you
know several months ago are like oh he
better not do that oh my lord Oh blah
blah blah and now all of a sudden you
notice there's a lot of Republican
senators in the last couple of months
who started to make noises about this
investigation and Moeller so yeah I
think the broader picture is that the
whole parties running interference for
him and there wouldn't be accountability
if he did this move can I can I jump in
on that because I actually agree with
you for other reasons so you know who
loves Trump even even if so-called
establishment Republicans hate Trump the
people who love Trump are the donors
because he will consistently do favors
for the donors and the donors are the
ones funding this you know the
Republicans establishment Republicans so
I have no doubt that Republicans will do
what they can to avoid you know
impeachment proceedings should molars
investigation find popular with the base
popular with the donors yeah it does not
happen I don't know that he's popular
with the donors because they don't I
mean the fact is that whoever replaced
Trump will also be popular with the
daughters there's no there's no risk
that all of a sudden Mike Pence is gonna
stand up to the Koch brothers or their
ilk they got what they wanted and so I
think what Michael started off saying is
undoubtedly true they got look and so
now it's this euphoria of look we did it
this is the we we had to do one thing
yeah my guess is they wanted this more
than repealing health care you know this
is
generous you know something i retweeted
today that you know the koch brothers
spent 20 million dollars they're gonna
spend another 10 million bucks they they
made it was over they're gonna make over
a billion dollars a year in taxes a I
mean it's the best return on investment
you could possibly imagine
you know electoral politics is the only
conceivable thing that will push
Congress to do anything it is
significant that we've turned the
calendar it's 2018 we are now in an
election year and if they want to do
more they got to keep the house and they
have to keep the Senate so it may suit
them at some point to say all right
we'll stand after this guy and and then
we'll all bask in the authorial
asymmetry between national numbers and
what was rewarded and those narrowly
drawn districts where he's really
popular and there's no problem with any
part of it I got you but you know
they're in danger of losing the house
there's no definitely dangers just so
true so I just I I don't yeah I'm less
convinced I am totally it'll make what
remains there weren't transmitted
they're not things they're not there no
principled stand will be taken that's
autobiography but but electoral politics
might suit that's right it'll all be
political calculation so why did I say
that
Magan was only partly right so he's of
course completely right on on legal
grounds don't obstruct justice don't
keep firing
federal prosecutors who were
investigating you but the one thing that
he misguides anti Cobb misguided is when
he when they both tell them to cooperate
with Muller is that they're under the
impression that Trump didn't do it
they're they're his lawyers and I'm sure
they asked him now Donald B you got to
be really honest with us because we're
your lawyers and it's okay
this is protected okay and you can say
anything you want to us but we gotta
know in order to defend you did you do
it you know what Trump said no way I had
my my integrity is big Lee it's
tremendous right I gotta admit it to his
even to his own lawyers so those lawyers
knuckleheads that they are I think Trump
doesn't have a connection to the
Russians so if you think Trump doesn't
have a connection to Russian you should
advise your client don't fire the guy
investigating
you'll look incredibly guilty and it
might lead you down a treacherous
political path and a print treacherous
legal path when you don't meet - because
you didn't do it yeah but what they
don't know is he did it where we're not
as close to Trump as they are and it's
so blatantly obvious that he had no sort
of financial deal with the Russians the
very least I would be shocked if a Trump
told him he did it I would be shocked be
if he had given them any kind of
evidence that he is he's done it so you
and near his lawyers so they got to get
themselves to believe that their client
is innocent
so they don't have to but they got a
look at themselves in the mirror every
day you don't given no counter evidence
and they're not gonna go investigate and
look into his bank account this TV was
doing money laundering for Russian
oligarchs then they're gonna say no no
of course why would you fire them that's
so I don't know that seems wildly
speculative I don't know I don't know
what we're gonna find I think we're
gonna find a clear obstruction of
justice case but those are hard to make
and they're certainly hard to make
politically and they're certainly hard
to make to get 67 senators to vote you
out of office so what they know is that
there is if you fish around this guy's
finances regardless of what happens with
Russia right if you are in there and
that's why they've tried to draw it so
tight because they're like well the deal
in Georgia would not be under the
purview of this they have to know that
if somebody if and most of the people in
Muller's team as far as I understand
have run money-laundering chances many
things does there was just a report I
got a hotel in Panama but suppose they
find something there suppose they find
massive financial malfeasance it's not
that my hunches is not directly related
to swinging the election you know cuz
they just won the election or whatever I
mean Russian interference in the
election doesn't mean that there was
Trump collusion to make that happen
no I think Rob supe the swing and the
messenger election but so that's but but
the still you have the ample opportunity
to fight that politically I mean because
even if he even if that happens Trump is
to say this is a partisan investigation
so your lawyer might think hey we'll win
this politically like you're not gonna
go to you know he's not going to prison
that's not real it's likely I think he
could okay but so also do you think by
the way that all of a sudden that Donald
Trump is we've seen Michael Cohen the
notion I don't know anything about Don
McGann except that he is bathed poorly
in general in this but that the there's
no record of Trump having the best
lawyers right so I mean I don't you know
this is that this is by far the most
principled thing that we've seen a Don
began to and threatened to quit so I
just wanted to jump in really quickly in
regard to the obstruction of justice
charges if they do charge him with
obstruction of justice it's incredibly
hard to prove obstruction of justice and
what I mean by that is you have to prove
intent and it's it's incredibly
difficult but even if you have you prove
I've attended anything but I mean barely
cognitively functioning this is not a
case before a federal jury in court this
is about getting the house to have a
majority of House vote to impeach and
then 2/3 of the Senate to remove from
office it's not gonna happen
I mean unless it's unless it is
significantly overwhelming and it
becomes politically I mean you know
there until for a long time in Watergate
the Republicans held and held and held
and held and held and then really only
at the end with the tapes and that only
then did the Republicans say we're not
human they ran interference for Richard
Nixon for a very long time there's no
question he's gonna run for re-election
in 2020 as the Republican nominee I
cannot even I cannot picture a scenario
but that's not the cure I can't so let
me break it down real quick on the right
on the array of potential charges so I
think that there's a lot of
miscommunication including on our part
yeah so I want to be clear about this so
interference in the election what does
that mean so if they say Oh Robert Moses
like I got him it turns out a couple of
staffers talk to the Russians and then
the Russians ran Facebook ads that's
nothing that's they didn't get them
that's not a thing you take a president
down on and and that's what the
Democrats think they started this
warpath based on that
flimsy BS right so oh no Hilary what a
what if it wasn't for those dastardly
Russians who bought Facebook ads but
even if they prove that she would have
won it still doesn't make any difference
they told her to campaign with Lena
Dunham yeah yeah so if if you're one of
the folks who thinks oh that's what he
collusion with Russia means and that's
nothing that I actually agree with you
okay so if then there's a second charge
of obstruction of justice now
it's patently obvious that he did
obstruction of justice whether you could
prove intent is a different question but
the more important question and the
harder one is the one Ben is talking
about you're gonna do flipped
Republicans into voting against them
thereby enraging his base which is
strong in their districts especially at
the primary level as Michael is pointing
out that is going to be difficult maybe
maybe but really difficult and Bible
right waterline okay yeah my contention
is and I don't know if Muller is going
to get there is if he's in his bank
accounts that Deutsche Banking if he's
got his tax returns etc he will see that
Donald Trump has been doing money
laundering for the Russians for decades
and at that point that is a massive
crime and if there is now this is the
hardest part I mean finding direct
evidence of Donald Trump somehow saying
to the Russians
I will now work for you that's super
hard right now you don't mean that
Yuni if you can prove money laundering
he's in a world of trouble right I mean
but if he's got anything along the lines
of like hey you forgive all my debts
I forgive the sanctions if I'm president
then of course he's toast even the
Republicans can't was time to imagine
that he is what laundered money for if
if I had to guess not just Russians like
I thought when he said made the comments
about Haiti I thought I was gonna come
out and be like i laundered money for
Duvalier how can you say I'm racist like
this I have no doubt and if that's where
it goes they'll get him on something I
still don't think it flips Republican
votes no no I just look it so if I mean
unless it's like a team right I mean
maybe the Russians have the tape with
the thing they like he tape who cares
about a P tape right I mean you guys
slept with a porn star
paid hush money from a campaign no one
like none of that P tape who cares right
Karen since it's grown right but but I
think the none of that matters except
for the fact that we're a Democratic
president they'd impeach that yeah so
the only thing that matters is do the
Russians have goods on him where he
emailed wrote a letter or talked when he
didn't realize he was being taped saying
yes I will do a deal now even if they
never get that which will be
extraordinarily difficult to get if they
show money laundry and I'm right and
that's a big if I maybe I'm wrong maybe
he never did money laundering if we're
right about the money laundering that
guys that is that's a different ball of
wax and I think because unlike us the
overwhelming majority of Americans right
now have no idea that Trump might have
done money laundering and and they will
be shocked by it absolutely shot so I
think that's a different ballgame and he
can go down on us so tough time believe
in that but again it's to all of it
still it's all in political calculus it
all comes to Republicans saying the best
thing for our party going forward the
best thing in 2020 is not to have this
guy at the front of the ticket that's it
and then when that calculations made
though cast him loose they got their tax
cut no move them up if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
