we're in the middle of an believable Red
Scare McCarthyism is a knee jerk to
anybody who criticizes the establishment
narrative on Russia or the war or
anything and let's remember this all
started well this got this started in a
2014 I would say maybe even earlier than
that with the Ukraine problems and the
necks ancient of Crimea but it really
got ramped up after the Hillary Clinton
lost to a orange clown who is a game
show host and they couldn't take that so
they invented well let's listen to what
Barack Obama said cuz if you remember
before the 2016 election Trump was
saying that they were gonna he wasn't
gonna accept the results of the election
because he thought too many illegals
were gonna be voting and so people were
afraid that he wouldn't accept the
outcome of the election and this is what
Barack Obama had to say to it then there
is no serious person out there who would
suggest somehow that you could even you
could even rig America's elections in
part because they're so decentralized
and the numbers of votes involved
there's no evidence that that has
happened in the past or that there are
instances in which that will happen this
time and so I invited mr. Trump to stop
whinin and go try to make his case to
get votes okay so that was what they
said before the election then Donald
Trump won and now it's Russia Russia
Russia Russia somebody hacked our
election and so now the United States I
mean the people in the United States are
being groomed for war right now we're in
the middle of another Cold War which
leads me to my next my first guest for
today I'm very excited to have he he
recently wrote at the nation Democrats
are repudiating FDR's precedent of date
hunt with Russia by criminalizing
alleged contacts with the Kremlin and by
demonizing Russia itself today's demo
rats are becoming the party of the new
and more perilous cold war that's
written by our first guest Stephen Cohen
who was recently profiled by The
Chronicle of Higher Education for his
four plus decades as a leading voice on
Russian Affairs influencing world events
along the way Cohen's ideas about Russia
which once got him invited to Camp David
to advise a sitting president now make
him the most controversial expert in the
field reports The Chronicle he's a
professor emeritus of Russian studies at
nyu and princeton
whose work appears in the nation where
he's a contributing editor please
welcome Steven F Cohen hi Steven thanks
for coming on well I'm happy to be with
you because my young friends tell me
you're the place to be
yes in addition to you being in
California but you having mentioned the
new McCarthyite a lot of them liberals
you need to assure me that you're not a
Kremlin linked broadcast and you're not
going to ensnare me into uttering any
Russian disinformation you know I that's
exactly what I would think a Kremlin
puppet would say when they came on my
show that's exactly the thing that they
would say now I you know we're kidding
around here but it's not really I'm not
much joking because there is under way
both on the part of our government in
our Congress and in all sorts of media
projects programs to quote rid the
America media American media space of
Russian disinformation now I've been
lecturing about Russia for 40 years I've
been going to Russia for as long I have
tons of Russian contacts far more than
Donald Trump so I might have picked up
some Russian disinformation on the way I
don't know what it means
well earning it is anything that's not
the Orthodox consensus about the mess
we're in so you said that the still
unproven Russia gate allegations
promoted primarily by the Democratic
Party have become the number one threat
to American national security could you
tell us how that's he expand on that
well it's utterly polluted our discourse
about American Russian relations because
according to this narrative
the man who sits in the Kremlin of Vadim
ear Putin ordered an attack on America
during the 2016 presidential elections
some leading Democrats equate that
alleged attack with Pearl Harbor and
9/11 so how could we do anything to
cooperate as Trump once said he wanted
to do was such a criminal and in in the
in the in the criminal crime criminal
and the Kremlin remember that ever since
the Cold War the first Cold War began
and certainly that since Eisenhower
cooperating with the Kremlin about
existential issues kept us from nuclear
war today they say that's really would
be a criminal act imagine I mean I don't
know that your age or the age of the of
your your followers but imagine John F
Kennedy in 1962 during the Cuban Missile
Crisis that's as close as we ever came
to intentional nuclear war with Soviet
Russia he was free because the country
trusted him to negotiate a non war
solution I took a long time it was a
razor's edge kind of existential moment
but he did it he did it because the
country the political class the media
trusted him Trump on the other hand is
said to be Putin's puppet Putin's agent
a mentorian candidate so if we got into
such an existential nuclear moment could
Trump negotiate us away from nuclear war
act I think about that almost every day
so that's that's exactly what what
scares me right it's we I just saw an
article in The Daily Beast that was
reported by lefty news organizations
that was doing exactly what you said
there was an advisor in the Trump
campaign who recommended date on hey why
don't we pull back some of our forces
along the Russian border and maybe let's
see if Putin responds in kind and let's
have friendlier relations with the with
a nuclear country and The Daily Beast
wrote by the way they didn't do that
they did they ramped up Trump went along
with the military-industrial complex in
the deep state and he did their bidding
and they still wrote that story about
this
the Trump administration's first try to
pay back Putin for his investment in our
election now that is that's what's
happening on lefty news sites so that's
what's frightening to me how much worse
is it now than the first cold war well I
mean I lived through a good deal the
first cold war which began more or less
in 1948 and was said to have ended when
President Reagan and then Soviet leader
Gorbachev into a certain extent the
first president Bush announced that the
Cold War was over now
the Council on Foreign Relations which
is as close to a stenograph of
Washington that you can get has just
announced we're in a second Cold War
I've been saying that for 15 years and
they said I was wrong but now they said
so I think this new Cold War is much
more dangerous stop and think for a
minute the epicenter the political
center of the first Cold War was in
Berlin not anywhere near the Soviet
Union Russia today the Front's of the
new Cold War are along Russia's actual
borders from the Baltic Sea the small
Baltic countries Latvia Lithuania and
Estonia and Poland all the way down to
Ukraine so this will cold war with
military buildups is unfolding on
Russia's borders the chances for
accidental hot war are just enormous Lee
more than they were before
secondly and this is very important
there we have so demonized Putin
unreasonably I am sure that it is not
even a legitimate idea as Trump has
found out to propose quote cooperating
with Russia
you remember Trump ran on that pledge
that he would cooperate with Russia he
meant be a date on President as
Eisenhower Nixon and Reagan were they
have not permitted him or he's changed
his mind but it's also important to know
that all during my adult lifetime and
participation in public affairs which
began when I was a Princeton professor
in the
1970s there was always a very powerful
anti cold war Pro date on as we called
it then organized forces in mainstream
America I mean in Congress in the State
Department even among aides to the
sitting president and certainly in the
media so those of us who wanted to tamp
down the Cold War wanted to cooperate
with Soviet Russia had an arena a public
arena in the mainstream that no longer
exists there's a complete lockout a
complete shutdown in the mainstream
media on our point of view which means
we can't have that discussion here as
the danger grows and that's the thing
that's scary so why don't you tell
people about your last appearance on CNN
it was so long ago which one have in
mind so Dave brought you wanted to talk
about Ukraine well my relationship was
CNN it was kind of episodic for a long
time they didn't need me I didn't care
and Russia was not in the headlines when
the Ukrainian crisis began in 214
suddenly I got a lot of calls and I was
on many broadcasts from Fareed Zakaria
on Sunday morning to the evening
broadcast one morning I forget his exact
name Smith Smith konasana merconis I
didn't wasn't sure exactly who he was
but I went on early in the morning I'm
not a morning person I don't think I'd
even been to bed yet I went on and
apparently what I said so startled him
he'd never heard it before which
basically was a little more that we're
in a new Cold War and both sides not
just Russia responsible that he looks so
stunned that those six minutes went
viral and their sin that they still move
around on the Internet I ain't the last
time I was invited to be on CNN was
probably somewhere a year and a half or
two years ago I haven't heard from him
since
after that flurry of appearances but
haven't obviously yeah the same as
truism of MSNBC none of us because
there's a group
I can get on those programs we can't get
in the New York Times op-ed page the
Washington Post it's a complete blackout
when's the last time you heard in
mainstream media or read my argument and
it's not just my argument that this new
Cold War began
several years ago and the United States
played a driving role in instigating it
it wasn't just Russia and Putin and
therefore we need and have needed for a
long time a major change in American
policy when's the last time you heard
that point of view anywhere other than
outside the mainstream mean that well
that's why we're hearing it here that's
why so people tune into Rachel Maddow
and Chris Hayes
I'm not kidding and they really think
they're getting the news from a left
perspective and they're not you're
getting the news from a corporatist who
is pushing a narrative that is
completely baseless and fact lists
they're pushing mccarthy smears left and
right they're doing it to
environmentalists and i try to tell
people on the left you do that thing and
even an independent media in new media
they push the rush in the gate thing and
i try to remind them that this is used
to silence the left you dummies and if
you push it you're going to soon be
hoisted on your own petard the moment
you oppose war they're gonna paint you
as a red because that's how this works
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
