all right well the Turks Jake you were
an Turkish Baron with you guys if if
you're wondering hey is that a new
jacket on Jake yes
so obviously it'll be discussed in the
postgame it fits it looks good yeah
interesting okay
lots of kid around and and discussion of
that for those of you who like that kind
of stuff in postgame and old school
which are much more lighthearted in old
school a couple of weeks ago I explained
how rich people can tell I'm not one of
them
okay a telltale sign that I have which I
think you'll enjoy T y-t-dot-com slash
joined to get all the Young Turks shows
the super serious ones and the light
ordered ones so today's show is largely
on the more serious side
mmm I don't know if I'll be angry or
amused at Kanye West
or is it Yi or yeh I don't know okay no
one should care Craig is it yay okay yay
we'll be talking about yeh later and his
drive to abolish the 13th amendment
which outlawed slavery
yay I don't get it is he looking for a
spot on Turning Point USA like huh
you you're making your money homeboy
like what are you doing no no first of
all he's bankrupt let's just remember
how he was begging Zuckerberg etcetera
for money he's like what's 50 million
dollars among friends so back then he
was using race to his advantage anyways
we'll discuss that story later I just
would like to do like a victory trot on
told you he's a lunatic anyone who
thought it was genius sorry not remotely
close one of the dumbest people in the
country okay anyways we'll get to that
story a little bit later so hang in
there we got a interesting and in parts
fun show for you today so let's get
started alright there's been some
confusion involving the FBI
investigation into the allegations
against Brett Kavanaugh the White House
was pretty clear in saying that they
wanted to limit the scope of the
investing
creation but following an NBC report
that really delved into how limited the
investigation would be Trump denied that
he was trying to limit it at all in fact
he disputed this report from NBC News
and then also said that the White House
counsel's office provided the FBI sorry
he disputed the NBC report but the White
House counsel's office provided the FBI
with a list of witnesses they are
permitted to interview about two of the
three claims made against Brett
Kavanaugh now that was the news as of
this morning so Julie sweat Nick who was
the third accuser was not included on
that list Dianne Feinstein was fighting
rather aggressively in order to obtain
that list of people that the FBI was
allowed to speak to based on what the
White House said and then all of a
sudden Trump is now changing his tune
and he's saying that he will allow for
the expansion of this FBI investigation
so this just recently broke he said I
think the FBI should do what they have
to do to get the answer he also said not
with that being said I'd like it to go
quickly and the reason I'd like it to go
quickly very simple so simple because
it's unfair to Cavanaugh at this point
so no one is trying to change the one
week time frame but based on what we
were learning as of this morning it
seemed as though the FBI was only
allowed to talk to four individuals and
that is not enough there are a bunch of
other witnesses who could provide
information to the FBI
Julie sweat Nick should be someone who
the FBI speaks to as well now it appears
that that will likely happen given the
pressure on the Trump administration
yeah so two things here first off let's
acknowledge the obvious the the
investigation was limited in scope in
the beginning it is now apparently less
limited which is an admission that it
was originally limited you can't if it
was unlimited to be in with the a new
policy would not be necessary so that's
a fact and so the question as to how
limited it was the
a good question you know there's some
reports out that it was limited to just
four people which is a joke and
obviously that that doesn't do enough
but there's one other thing that people
are not considering though when we talk
about the scope of the FBI investigation
and the timing of it so they have a week
the question is how much manpower do
they have I've seen that discussion
almost nowhere right so if you have a
weekend you got two guys chasing it down
you'll get nothing if you have 20 guys
chasing it down you might get something
if you've got 200 guys chasing it down
and week might be plenty so I don't know
the answer to that question it's one
that I think should be asked but no one
is asking and then we get to sweat neck
which is point two here so she has super
significant charges not
I mean if attempted rape wasn't horrific
enough for you she alleges gang rape
involving Cavanaugh and his friend mark
judge that they were part of a group of
guys who would spike people's drinks and
then quote unquote train them if you've
never heard of that term it is many men
taking turns on one woman I remember
seeing that at pop culture of thinking
well that it was a myth that it that
never really happened and then I
remember naively thinking man if it ever
did happen man it's funny what people
are into no idiot
no they weren't into it the way that it
happens is that they are there their
drinks are spiked that's senator
unconscious in some way of course of
course but if you've never done that
type of thing I want it wouldn't even
occur to a decent person what in the
world that that would entail but the
reason I bring it up in this context is
if it really as outrageous as Kavanaugh
and Trump suggest wouldn't you want the
FBI investigating that to be able to
disprove it and get an easy layup my god
that would help your case so much all
you had to do realistically for Kavanagh
if the FBI says Ramirez or sweat Nick or
anyone is does not had problems with
their stories in any way shape or form
they could easily come on be like I say
we told
we told you right so the fact that they
don't want people looking into sweat
Nick and that's weird well there are two
issues here so of course the number one
issue that's front and center includes
the allegations the sexual assault
allegations against Kavanagh but there
are also issues in terms of his
testimony because he is being accused of
lying about a number of things including
his drinking when he was in high school
in college so previously the FBI was not
allowed to talk to any of his former
classmates who argued that he lied about
his drinking habits and I thought that
that was fascinating look Republicans
have been basically pressured and forced
into this investigation they've been
trying to prevent the investigation from
happening and I think that means
something because if you genuinely think
that the person you're trying to confirm
as a Supreme Court justice is innocent
and this is nothing more than a smear
campaign that's being launched by the
Democrats you would want the
investigation and I understand wanting
to limit the timing of the investigation
because they're very much concerned that
hey if it's a if it takes too long we
might lose power in the Senate and then
we're gonna deal with obstruction from
Democrats when it comes to Supreme Court
nominees but in this case why did they
try to limit it to only four witnesses
why did they have to get pressured and
forced into the investigation even after
Democrats told them all right we're
gonna limit the timing of it to one week
they think he's guilty that's my
perception of it because if you
genuinely think that he's innocent you
wouldn't have to be forced the way that
Republicans have been forced yeah but
let me break it down to two different
categories I get why they want to learn
it in scope in some respects so what
they want to say is hey I don't want you
to go into perjury issues because then
Cavanaugh is in a lot of trouble so as
we've explained on a number of occasions
he perjured himself earlier in the
judicial hearings on a couple of cases
including his handling of Charles
Pickering when he was at the Bush White
House at Manuel Miranda situation so
they're saying let's not go back and
relitigate that but also very
importantly Cavanaugh is clearly lying
about how much he drank and and the
effects of that had in college and as we
have said repeatedly sheldon whitehouse
pointed out his descriptions of what
what he wrote in his yearbook meant are
obvious lies everyone in the country
knows that those are lies
so the Trump people are saying don't
look into those I don't want to get into
perjury we just want to look into the
sexual assault allegations I understand
their motivation right and so ok that's
one thing when you look into the sexual
assault allegations
you cannot limit the scope there I think
and again so here let me give me an
extreme example to give you a sense of
why I wouldn't want the scope limited if
I was the one that was charged so I'm
gonna give a preposterous example here
if someone accused me of being a jockey
as in the guys who ride horses around
for a living I would say no that's
outrageous I've never done that and if
you want to get into an investigation of
that and there are several different
charges and you want to get into whether
I ever wrote a horse ok well I can see
how you'd be concerned maybe they twist
that and say hey does that lead to but
I've never got paid you know this is
getting crazy enough as it is but I let
me get to the extreme party so that it's
crystal clear if one of the three
accusations is that I used to ride
unicorns I would say please please
investigate that because whether I'm
guilty or not guilty or whatever insane
charge in this example right I know I
didn't write any unicorns
I know they're gonna be able to disprove
that pretty easily so whether I'm
correct or not on the rest of it I would
want them to look into the unicorn thing
I guess it would disprove the charges so
Kavanaugh etc should be like look at
sweating look at sweat Nick I mean the
gang rape are you insane are you insane
look into her Eleusis there's no way
that's gonna hold right but don't dude
and those are the most serious
allegations
I mean look that they're all horrible
don't get me wrong but none of the
allegations with the exception of Julie
sweat Nick's involved penetration actual
like
physical penetration rape right and so
why is it that that was the one
accusation that or one accuser that they
did not want to have the FBI look into
look I like that they got pressured into
expanding the FBI investigation I like
that
for once Democrats are doing the right
thing and they are fighting aggressively
the fact that Dianne Feinstein was
really raising the alarm or the yeah
raising the alarm regarding that that
list that the White House gave to the
FBI I don't think we would have really
known about it we wouldn't be as aware
of it and so I think that the Democrats
putting pressure on Senate Republicans
and Trump's White House is really making
an impact here and by the way for me I
don't
if he gets cleared good good at least we
know hey if he gets confirmed he he's
not guilty of doing this right based on
what the FBI investigated and what they
found or didn't find but this
investigation needs to happen to either
clear his name or find out that he did
it and has no place in the Supreme Court
yeah yeah okay Devil's Triangle is not a
drinking you yeah
Kavanagh all right I'm gonna say one
last thing about this mm-hmm
although I have plenty of opportunity
but anyway hey James Comey wrote an
op-ed saying here's what we know at the
FBI little lies are usually an
indication that there are bigger lice
and Cavanaugh told a lot of little lies
and so if the FBI looks at does is not
allowed to investigate perjury and those
little lies like ralphing because of
drinking not because of spicy fish or
whatever he claimed be a spicy food and
and and the Devil's Triangle is not a
drinking game etc right I get it they're
not gonna keep them off the Supreme
Court for that for those lies
although perjuries perjury and Cavanaugh
wanted to impeach Bill Clinton based on
perjury just like that but if it in fact
does lead to bigger lies that that's the
heart of the question and if I'm an FBI
agent I come in thinking well
everybody in the country knows you were
lying about what you wrote in the
yearbook so now I'm curious to see what
else you were lying about exactly all
right we got to take a break when we
come back we have Jeff Flake on 60
minutes what do you had to say about
this investigation and then later on
Tucker Carlson Alan Dershowitz argue
that this whole Cavanaugh thing is a
race war because they're insane oh all
right that when we return we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT DICOM slash join today in
the meantime enjoy this free second
all right back on a young church jenkin
Anna with you guys members section
comments first capturing cornball says
do you think sweat and extrusive lawyer
may about anything to do with how
limited the scope the original
investigation was well her lawyers
should obviously be irrelevant to this
but I'm gonna go to a tweet here because
it's on the same topic old Turk says
drunk beliefs wet NIC he wouldn't have
blocked the FBI from the lay up
otherwise love him or hate him
avenatti is batting a thousand so well
we'll see about that but I know that the
Trump of the Republicans can't stand
avenatti but that's irrelevant to
whether this actually having a sweating
occur or not a meg says only they only
allowed this investigation as cover so
they can vote yes certainly the go to
plan Meg we'll see if that works or not
and that's why they wanted it to be
super quick obviously their bias is
clear and so last one from the members
section a Gabi Morita says that this FBI
Fiasco is exactly what Trump would do to
the Russia investigation if you got rid
of Rosenstein Pig who the investigators
are allowed to talk to and demand they
do that they do it within a timetable
solely determined by him yes very very
likely now we were in the member section
before I go anywhere else let me just do
a quick check on the thermometer here we
haven't checked that in a couple of days
so oh the 32,000 401
can I see thirty two thousand five
hundred can I see thirty two thousand
five hundred by the end of the day ok
very unlikely but let's give it a shot
okay ninety nine people that's not too
much for a nice people so T y-t-dot-com
slash joint obviously to become my
remember last two things here are from
Twitter so lefty green seventy five says
perjuries perjury whether it's a little
lie or a big lie Cavs should be facing
impeachment not confirmation
well Cavanaugh standards on that same
issue it says yes absolutely right
Cavanaugh believed that Bill Clinton
should be impeached for perjury on a
sexual issue
by his own standards he should
definitely be impeached last one is
aloha debt free rights in using hash ity
t live i thought a rave read wave was
coming in november if that's true why
not take as long as you need to do the
FBI investigation
yeah that's such a great point that's a
great point yeah well what happened the
red wave it seems like you're a little
concerned that perhaps it might be a
blue wave fascinating okay and by the
way if you're not if you're already a
member or you want to help in any other
way we created a link just for you guys
t YT calm slash yes if if you like what
we're saying on-air and you want to help
contribute to the home of progressives
and to the message that we're spreading
and a lot of use has some wonderful
things and we really really appreciate
it
throughout our Cavanagh coverage this is
a good way of doing it t whitey calm
slash yes you can get like you like son
like a here there's a buck okay whatever
you can afford if you want to do that
with that is also very very much
appreciated here and helps keep the
lights on so thank you guys alright Anna
what's next all right senators Jeff
Flake and Chris Coons were on 60 minutes
and flake said something really
interesting about what ki would do if he
were seeking re-election now he was
specifically commenting on the FBI
investigation involving Brett Kavanaugh
and if you can recall flake did
something pretty remarkable last Friday
when during the Senate Judiciary
Committee's voting session on Kavanagh
he called for this FBI investigation now
it was after two sexual assault victims
approached him and confronted him at an
elevator but nonetheless here's what
flake had said during this session to
vote for Cavanaugh's confirmation and I
think it would be proper to delay the
floor vote for up to but not more than
one week in order to let the FBI
continue to do an investigation limited
in time and scope to the current
allegations that are there
and limit in time to no more than one
week so that was unexpected it was
surprising and he was asked about it
while appearing on 60 minutes and here
is what he had to say senator flake
you've announced that you're not running
for reelection and I wonder could you
have done this if you were running no
you're laughing no not a chance
not a chance no no because politics has
become too sharp too partisan there's no
value to reaching across the aisle
there's no currency for that anymore
there's no incentive I think that that's
both super obvious and in a sense a
startling admission at the same time so
it's and I know that the interviewer
there is doing a good job of drawing out
the answer and so I don't think he's
actually startled but it frames it that
way and in a lot of the conversations on
television it is assumed that these are
good honorable people that are actually
have their own opinions on our acting
based on their ideology and principles
rather than political expediency and
that is a super annoying and obviously
massively wrong assumption and here here
you have two senators are Republican or
Democrat both you know nodding their
head to this and the Republicans saying
if I was up for election of course I
would have done the dishonorable thing
of course I would have done the thing
that I don't believe it of course I
would have tried to block the truth of
course of course
so it's it's just and then why so why do
I say it's a startling admission because
you the politicians almost never admit
it
this is flake on his way out going what
did you guys think we were doing of
course we're not gonna ever reach across
the aisle and so this is why like it's
so frustrating Anna because when Obama
was president for eight years we said on
this show stop trying to reach across
the aisle why because we're doing
likewise or we'll punish you if you do
that no because it is obviously not
reciprocal and anyone paying a modicum
of attention to politics in today's
environment
understands that the Republicans will
never reciprocate because it's and it is
a ridiculous naive proposition that they
have real principles and that they're
making decisions based on anything but
politics and by the way a lot of
political expediency it's not just about
the votes it's about whatever their
donors told them to do that's the people
who determine whether they're gonna get
elected more than anyone else so for
Obama I they have played into that force
for about six out of his eight years as
president was atrocious that he was
wrong I don't know if he did it on
purpose and he was just winking and
nodding like haha play along because I
actually want the Republicans to halfway
win or if he was really that
ridiculously naive and the entire
Democratic establishment went along with
that and the entire media went along
with that
can I get an apology now you were wrong
and we were right the Republicans were
never ever going to bend and it is about
politics it's never about their
principles
so having beer summits with them is this
honestly the dumbest biggest waste of
time so one thing that I have so many
thoughts on this so one thing that stood
out to me about Flakes decision and his
actions on Friday was once he had
already internally realized that he
wanted the FBI investigation he actually
decided to step outside with senator
Coons and discuss it with him and so as
you know Coons is a Democrat and there
are actually genuinely friends which I
did not buy into before but I looked
into it further and they are their
friends and and the fact that they're
willing to work together you know would
give me some hope if flake didn't give
up right I look and I don't agree with
flake on 99% of things but the fact that
he's willing to look at a situation like
this
through the eyes of a human as opposed
to a Republican it is a good thing now
let me just put that aside real quick no
I know but it's just again he's saying I
wouldn't have done that I wouldn't have
done the right thing if I was seeking
reelection so so let's address that as
you guys know when it comes to Kavanagh
like I've mentioned the corporate Donal
donors
he's a very business friendly corporate
friendly judge and I think that's one of
the main reasons
why there's this you know urgency to
push him through that in addition to the
fact that he would probably help Trump
in this whole Moeller investigation but
there's also a third issue here right
and that is the voters Jake you shared
that survey that poll that showed that
the majority of Republican voters would
still want to confirm Brett Kavanaugh
even if he did do this even if he was
found guilty of these accusations what
does that mean I mean they're doing this
based on partisanship right they're not
they're not doing this because they
think that Brett Kavanaugh is a good guy
or that they don't genuinely think that
these accusations are horrible they're
doing this because Kavanaugh is their
guy and they're gonna support him no
matter what and so what are lawmakers
supposed to do when voters are like this
yeah and and now here's where the media
will again do false equivalency and
they'll say well you guys are driving
people to the left no no we're driving
to them to the center based on actual
polling there's a giant difference
between my Republican donor told me I
have to fill in the blank start a giant
war give a giant tax cut to the rich
make sure Cavanaugh's approve because he
votes with corporations nearly every
single time i issue comes up and is one
of the most draconian judges against
employee rights in the whole country so
appealing to those donors and by the way
a lot of Democrats to do likewise it's
totally different than actually
appealing to your voters
well my voters don't want me because
Social Security and Medicare yeah of
course you should be responsive to that
it'd be crazy not to be responsive to
that by the way a lot of the mainstream
media and the corporate Democrats do
push you to be non-responsive to your
voters they go how dare you
we need bipartisanship not on anything
that would helped Americans but on
things that would hurt America's it
would be true bipartisanship to cut
Social Security and Medicare but the
left doesn't want a student No
84% of the country doesn't want you to
that's a poll that's reality that's etc
now the Republicans on the other hand
driven almost purely by corporate donor
interests say no no no no no based on
what those
billionaire and and multibillion-dollar
corporations one that is a completely
different animal so please stop having
disingenuous conversations and I laid
this out as a marker now flake just
admitted it now we all know it's not
what do you think flakes different do
you think that the other Republicans are
more principled no one in their right
mind believes that right so will the
media now adjust and go oh well of
course the politicians are doing things
I'm based on politics right and based on
their donors wishes not based on what
their voters want no they will never
admit it they will ignore this this is
the last time you'll see it in the meet
in the mainstream media I mean look I
see a little more of a willingness to
call out the politics but definitely not
the corporate donors you you hear very
little talk if any talk about corporate
donors and how much they influence these
lawmakers to do the things that they do
but one other thing that flake touched
on that I thought was interesting was
the issue of perjury
now Kavanagh has been accused of lying
on multiple occasions let's just focus
purely on the last hearing that happened
involving dr. Blasi Ford totally
minimized his drinking lied about the
Renata alumni reference in his yearbook
I mean one lie after the other and so
flake was asked you know what do you
think about this what if he's found to
have lied what would you do let's take a
look if judge Kavanagh is shown to have
lied to the committee nominations over
oh yes I would think so no I don't
believe them yeah that I don't believe
yeah I mean look it's a totally fine
line of questioning it's just you know
it's good a job as mainstream press is
gonna do I know I I'm sorry for that
sounds kind of sending but look and and
you wouldn't get the interview otherwise
so let's just keep it real - but if I
was asking Jeff Flake questions and and
there's a reason why he wouldn't come
and do an interview with me I would say
well okay senator flake do you really
believe that the devil's triangle is a
drinking game or do you think that
perhaps judge Kavanagh lied about it you
really
believe that the Renata alumnus is a
reference to how much they respected
that one woman that 14 guys referenced
in their yearbook do you really believe
that or do you believe that might have
been perjury do you really believe that
his you know references to I mean you
can go on and on ralphing boof whatever
do whatever it is do you believe any of
those things you believe that his
drinking was not in excess when almost
all of his classmates say that he
regularly drank the excess and was
stumbling drunk and aggressive and when
he when he drank we have all these
witnesses who counted that he claims is
just a normal drinker I mean look this
that switch drives me crazy about
Cavanaugh and what leads me to believe
that he's lying about everything because
she didn't have to lie about any of
those things right no one cares if you
drank a lot in college I know you're
trying to protect yourself well if I
drank a lot and I might have blacked out
you might think that I did this thing I
understand that whole context but he
said look guys I didn't do the sexual
assault but yeah I drank way too much in
college no one would have cared but he's
a natural liar and he has said you know
let alone two political eyes the
pickering the Manuel Miranda lies from
earlier hearings so it's not sure that
flake thinks lying would disqualify me I
guess what he's alluding to if I'm going
to be generous to him is if he lied
about the sexual assault then that would
be disqualifying and yes if they prove
that I would imagine it would be
disqualifying
for a lot of people not just flake right
yeah I mean look if that's what he's
being specific about it wasn't clear and
that answer but remember that senate
judiciary committee vote happened the
day after that special hearing involving
dr. Blasi ford's testimony and it was so
clear that he was lying in that case so
CLE i mean there were so many references
by the way one reference that you know
we just didn't have time to get to last
week when we covered all of his lies was
that he kept reiterating that when he
was 18 at that point in Maryland it was
legal to drink no it wasn't no it wasn't
at that point the law had already
changed to 21 and older yes see that's
exactly what I'm talking about what it
what a ridiculous lie
because it's such a minor issue in this
case quite literally who cares
you drank is a minor no one cares
why does he lie about that no cuz I'm um
I did everything right I did I was a
choirboy I didn't drink the excess I
didn't drink when I was a minor I never
broke the law why cuz he's lying at
least lying about this this and this I
mean again it's not a great guy to quote
but James Comey and now I been saying
when you're an investigator little eyes
usually our indication of much bigger
lies and he lies about every little
thing when he doesn't need to it's
almost like an instinct I think I've
seen that somewhere else before Trump so
but look I this FBI investigation and
it's we're all on the edge of our seats
the whole country I think is on the edge
of our seat if they do a real one
my guess is they will expose many
different lies here look I'll give you a
sense of what's coming up next they're
talking to Debbie Ramirez the one who
made allegation about him exposing
Cavanaugh exposing himself to her and
putting a penis in front of her face
while they were drinking she then gave a
list of the people at the party if they
get one person to confirm that that's
exactly what happened bad news for
Cavanaugh now look if they get no one
and people say we were at the party and
it didn't happen
good news for Cavanaugh so we're all in
the edge of our seat right all right
well let's talk a little bit about what
right-wingers are saying about the
Cavanaugh case members of the right-wing
do not believe that the allegations
about Brett Kavanaugh and this whole
debacle has anything to do with sexual
assault or the mistreatment of women in
fact people like Alan Dershowitz and
Tucker Carlson believe that this is all
part of a giant race war now there were
two specific segments on Fox News that
touched on this and I want to give you
Tucker Carlson's reaction first now
according to Carlson the reaction to
Cavanaugh demonstrated the left's war on
old white men Carlson ran a whole
segment
a show devoted to race with one of the
Chiron's on screen reading quote left
makes Cavanaugh hearing about race now
I'm going to show you some video in a
second but when did the left make this
about race like when other than the very
accurate statement involving the double
standard in our judicious in our justice
system regarding accusations of sexual
assault like we're very quick to accept
similar allegations when someone of a
person of color is accused of something
like this but when you're a wealthy
person you deal with the upper level of
the justice system which affords you the
benefit of the doubt that is the only
time I've heard anything about race now
with that said here's what type of
Carlson had to say he's talking to a
guest about this whole situation what
the hell just race have to do with this
case it has nothing to do with a Tucker
but I mean I think a couple of things
going on here number one what we're
seeing is a phenomenon that's been
happening in America over the last few
years and it has become fashionable now
to be beat up on white men and whites
more generally because we have this
culture of spoils where we are being
told that you are entitled to certain
things in society and certain jobs in
certain places are you worried yeah that
if dumb people like David Gergen or all
the rest had seen and keep up with the
race hatred that that will actually
encourage some kind of conflict you've
seen this in a lot of different
countries we really don't want it here
but could we don't tuck her oh my gosh
so I'm you know Berkeley campus across
the street where I'm you know helping
with litigation over there there are you
know places where whites are not
supposed to go I mean that is apartheid
it's apartheid on our college campuses
it's outrageous but you know at a higher
level stepping back from the cultural
disintegration of this phenomenon the
Democrats are seizing on any kind of
club that they have handy so you got a
white man in front of you let's beat up
on him for being a white man if it's
yeah I mean maybe you're right I mean
maybe it works short term but it seems
like the long term cost is potentially
just way more than we'd ever want very
corrosive let me just mention that all
eleven Republican members of the Senate
Judiciary Committee are white men
so to make an argument that there at
some sort of disadvantage and this is
the left's war on white men is
ridiculous especially when you consider
that the first accuser and the person
who testified during this confirmation
I'm sorry during this hearing is a white
woman this is not about race I mean it's
it's absurd that they're trying to pivot
the conversation to this nonsensical
point
okay so boy there's a lot to break down
here let me note that by the way I will
have a conversation with Tucker Carlson
a politican about this later this month
so political calm and then enter the
code tyt to see that live and I can give
you a preview of one thing that we're
gonna talk about which is that I don't
know anyone in this country more
obsessed with race than Tucker cross
exactly exactly
so what he did was he took quotes of
people just noting that all 11 senators
on the Republican side are old white men
now the operative word there isn't white
it's just the throwing I don't know why
they threw it in I wasn't one of those
pundits right oldest relevant because a
lot of the power structure in in DC is
incredibly old and and there's nothing
wrong with being old one of our of
course are our favorite political figure
is is not young either it's Bernie
Sanders but there is the old
infrastructure which is held onto power
and their corporate donors etc and yes
it's also on the Democratic side Dianne
Feinstein is 84 it's certainly on the
Republican side with hatch and Grassley
etc and we noted that the fact that
there are men in this context is clearly
relevant in 202 years of the of the
Judiciary Committee the Republicans have
never put a single female senator on
that committee so when issues like this
have now unfortunately arisen with some
regularity the race part is a throwaway
that I think either has barely been
mentioned certainly not something that
has been trumpeted on the left or done
big long segments how there's a race
issue you know we after over a week of
covering this finally begrudgingly
talked about how perhaps they might have
see
I need a hill with a slightly different
lens than they saw dr. Blasi Ford and
and and that is in a say in a way saying
well they treated Boise Ford fairly so
it's not even a negative connotation
within that context of these hearings
right the only one going nuts over race
is Tucker right right you just say oh my
rice rice and then what is that
discussion of a conflict that might
arise what are you talking about a race
war that's exactly what he's talking
about and he's the one who is purposely
pushing for that because again the
Cavanagh thing has nothing to do with
race no one's arguing that this has like
there's a racist issue here like there's
definitely an issue in terms of our
lawmakers being out of touch and I feel
like that's been proven time and time
again on a variety of issues and
certainly with this the Cavanaugh
hearings but to say like oh this is all
about race and there's gonna be a race
war is insanely dangerous and by the way
is a way of deflecting
I mean he's deflecting so people don't
pay attention his viewers don't pay
attention to the real issue at hand and
that issue is possible sexual misconduct
but by the way Tucker Carlson wasn't the
only person on Fox News who was
spreading this nonsense you have Alan
Dershowitz who appeared on Fox and
Friends for a segment here's what he had
to say
imagine if the situation would different
imagine if a Liberal Democrat president
had appointed the first Muslim American
to the Supreme Court and somebody said
oh yeah I remember he was a terrorist
when he was 17
the ACLU would be all over this case no
you can't presume guilt of terrorism
that everybody would be saying the
burden of proof is so heavily but when
the shoe is on the other foot when it's
a white man being accused by the left of
Sexual Offences all the rules are called
off the rules of presumption of
innocence the rules of due process we
know he's guilty because he's a white
man she's a woman she's a survivor
that's the end of the inquiry so curious
example there she was picked first of
all I like how he his mind automatically
connects Muslim American to terrorist is
the example okay but that's
that's okay let's go a little bit
further into that imagine if a Muslim
American was appointed to or was being
considered for a high post like for
example the head of the DNC
and they pulled up charges from went
back when he was in school not of being
a terrorist but of perhaps associating
with Farah Khan who is anti-semitic I
mean they would never bring that up
right a white that did happen and they
did bring it up immediately and both the
Republicans and the Democrats joined in
on the frenzy Denisha I tried to destroy
his career but I mean Keith Allison was
the first Muslim American in Congress
they wouldn't bring up any sexual issues
with him all right they did in his race
currently today you could not pick a
worse example he's in the middle of a
scandal as we speak the idea that
somehow the press the Republicans or
even corporate Democrats wouldn't bring
up those issues if it helped them I mean
it is factually incorrect on its face as
we said today let alone you talk about
terrorism in the 50th district in
Congress a markup in a jar is running
against Duncan Hunter jr. who's actually
the middle of a corruption scandal and
and and Duncan Hunter junior is running
ads saying that um our company jar comes
from a terrorist family his grandfather
who died 17 or 27 I forget now years
before he was even born
right is is what the charges are about
but a markup on a jar a has never met
his grandfather and B is Christian was a
youth minister his mom is
mexican-american but according Dersch
which they would never nobody would ever
bring that up if he's a Muslim American
or even people if they think he's a
Muslim American they thought Obama was a
Muslim American right after even though
he wasn't Muslim you couldn't pick a
worse example but Dave you know why they
do it cuz in their my silicon like God
we used to get away with everything now
they're nitpicking us and now we're
under a microscope too I mean Muslim
Americans you think they're the ones
that are powerful in this country yeah I
mean what are you insane
no there was you
Picon on a regular basis now basically
what he's doing is he's crying because
Oh what now we have to apply the same
sentence that everybody gets the white
men the white men
we're gonna apply the same standards at
outrage where's the race war yeah by the
way um just to be clear if there were
somehow miraculously a Muslim Supreme
Court nominee and there were credible
allegations against that person I would
also want an investigation but remember
you know Dershowitz brings up the issue
of due process obviously this is not a
criminal investigation Cavanaugh is not
gonna get convicted of anything this is
about a job right this is about a job so
let's go back to the facts and and
realize this is not about a criminal
prosecution this is about further
investigation to figure out whether or
not someone has any right to be at the
top of our justice system by the way due
process okay due process would mean that
you investigate the allegations to
either clear the person's name or find
out if they're guilty but the
Republicans didn't want the due process
the Republicans were the ones who were
skirting the issue of an FBI
investigation from the beginning it was
Trump's White House that tried to limit
the number of witnesses the FBI could
speak to during this very short one-week
investigation and it wasn't until they
were pressured into expanding the
investigation that they allowed the FBI
to speak to more witnesses so you want
talk about due process the only people
that are trying to do away with due
process in this case are the Republicans
so lastly let's also note quick aside
that Tucker's guess dillan civil rights
attorney hilarious said that there are
certain places on Berkeley's campus
where white people are not allowed to go
is that true of course not just another
thing that's made up by the right wing
there was a proposal 2016 that there be
a spaces of color now I'm not sure that
I agree with that proposal but it's
basically like an african-american group
getting together and saying this is our
student group and and so we'd like to
have a private meeting right how dare
you why people are being banned at
Berkeley anything even to the best of my
knowledge and and what I've read
today it didn't even pass so oh my god
it's breakdown its week on their
discriminate against white people in
Berkeley okay so look I they force us
into these conversations so I don't know
of any african-american group Latino
group Asian group or anyone planning a
race war who are the only people who
have talked about race horse the shooter
in Charleston South Carolina
that shot up a black church talked about
a race war several different right wing
shooters actually and this doesn't get a
lot of press coverage in their
manifestos talked about race Wars I
don't know any buddy on the other side
talking about race Wars I do know
several right wing killers murderers
mass murderers who have talked about
race Wars and I know Tucker Carlson
talking about race Wars and how go
remind me if there was a war against any
particular race in this country which
one it was against I'm pretty sure it
was against African Americans I which
race enslaved the other race which slate
which race took away the other races of
Rights for hundreds of years
look I know that you're agreeing that
you cannot do it anymore I know it
bothers you to your core that some of
the things that you cherished like being
able to oppress others is slowly way too
slowly being taken away from you but no
one on our side is talking about
starting any kind of race war cuz that's
mental and we're not holding people to
account for what happened hundreds of
years ago but if you're gonna have a
conversation about who if there was a
race war in this country well there was
one and it was done to black people in
this country it was done the Native
Americans in this country so don't
pretend that they're that all of a
sudden like oh my god great great white
people about race and again being
discriminated against you your group and
I don't mean white people I mean
conservatives right-wing zealot
conservatives oppress different races in
this country for hundreds of years so
you don't get to turn around now and
pretend you're the Green Party here
and my god what if there was a race war
there already was one Tucker and it was
your right-wing brothers and sisters who
did that race war and his slaved and
lynched and murdered people in this
country for hundreds of years so at
least please have the decency to shut up
about it let's take a break when we come
back more news including how the House
passed additional tax cuts when no one
was looking
