over the last eight or nine months we've
seen reports coming in from people in
the travel industry talking about the
fact that tourism levels are dropping in
the United States of people coming from
out of the country to visit the United
States in the last 12 months there has
been a four percent drop in tourism to
the United States from overseas now that
may seem like a small drop four percent
not such a big deal right well as it
turns out that four percent drop in
tourism has already cost the United
States economy forty thousand jobs just
in the last twelve months because nobody
wants to come to the United States
because of Donald Trump those in the
travel industry admit that it is because
of Donald Trump's presidency that fewer
and fewer people from overseas are
willing and wanting to come into the
United States global opinion polls of
the United States back up their
assertions there with majority of people
around the globe saying that Donald
Trump has hurt the image of the United
States and that it is not a place that
they would like to travel while he is
the president Donald Trump is the guy
who a lot of people in this country were
duped into believing was going to bring
back American jobs so far all of the
jobs that he allegedly saved have
already now been shipped off to Mexico
and meanwhile he is sitting here being
such a jackass on a world stage that
nobody wants to come here and he cost us
another 40,000 jobs when you look at all
the jobs lost in wake of the tax break
bonuses that were handed out that's
another a few 10,000 jobs here and there
10,000 jobs there are 10,000 jobs over
here but yeah they're only focusing on
the fact that maybe a thousand or 10,000
employees are getting a thousand dollar
one-time bonus we are losing jobs at an
alarming rate in this country job growth
for 2017 grew slow slower than it did
during Obama's last few years in office
and yet Donald Trump and the Republicans
want us to think that somehow jobs are
booming we're going to see very quickly
a remarkable dip in the number of new
jobs created in the United States and
it is all because of Donald Trump he is
driving slow growth in the United States
slow growth that they want to tell you
is quick growth but anybody who can read
a chart can see oh no things are
starting to go the other way and his
personal attitude it may not affect jobs
in the United States as far as
corporations are concerned but it sure
as hell is hurting the tourism industry
40,000 jobs in 12 months so do the math
if he serves a full four-year term we're
talking about a hundred and sixty
thousand jobs within the tourism
industry young and old high wage
low-wage service industry to executives
people are losing jobs because Donald
Trump is quite frankly a jerk to
everyone around the globe doesn't seem
like a very good reason for somebody to
lose their job yet 40,000 Americans are
now in that position thanks for watching
and if you like what you see here on
Ring of Fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
