important announcement for you guys
deadlines are coming up to register to
vote look I tell you guys most important
things voting in primaries primaries
primaries primaries right so it what I
want to do is to help out and actually
tell you how to do that if you don't
have them registered and in a lot of
these states you've got to register
ahead of time some states you can show
up on Dale but a lot of states you can't
some of these deadlines are coming up
did you know for example in Texas it's
just ten days away on they closed
registration which is insane to me but
on February 5th so you got to go you got
to go right now and and in primaries you
usually have low voter turnout
especially in non presidential election
years like 2014 had the lowest voter
turnout since World War two so let's go
get him you can get real progressives in
the office if you act now you register
and you go vote in those primaries
especially while the corporate Democrats
are asleep so go to usa.gov slash voter
- registration - deadlines but it's okay
the links down below so if you're
watching on YouTube just click on the
link and on Facebook and it's in the
comment section just click on the link
and go whatever state you're in it
doesn't matter okay it'll show you how
to get registered in your own state so
please do that now the whole House of
Representatives up for election third of
the Senate and and so many governors and
voting your local elections to get
involved if you don't vote in primaries
then don't complain about the general
election you got to go do it right now
