now the Republicans are convinced that
there's a secret plant inside the FBI
and and two of the ringleaders they say
were Peter struck and Lisa Paige now
they texted each other over and over
again apparently they had a relationship
that they didn't want others to find out
so they use phones they shouldn't have
used and hence people did find out so
that that plan didn't go well now in
those text messages is clear that they
are not fond of Donald Trump that is
true
they're also by the way not fond of
Bernie Sanders and all and sometimes
criticized Hillary Clinton as well but
but they dislike Trump more than they
just like Hillary Clinton it's obviously
I give you one tiny example Peter struck
right and one of the messages called
them quote an idiot
now Republicans go see he's biased
three-quarters of the country think he's
an idiot so I get it but but this is
really important struck also said at the
time in those messages messages that he
think we're ever going to be discovered
that about the investigation of Donald
Trump and Russian connections quote
there's no big they're there meaning
again i who went to do the investigation
did not come in with a bias against
trump even though he thought Trump was
an idiot and didn't want him to win he
came in with a bias that Trump didn't do
it nonetheless Muller as soon as he saw
the messages said you you you guys are
gone they're off the investigation but
the Republicans of course are never
gonna let it go so now they've latched
on to the idea that there is a secret
society now they have a text message I
now have it because ABC News found it
and reported on it today I'm gonna share
that with you but before I do I want you
to get a sense of the insanity here so
we're gonna start at an 11 out of 10 on
insanity with Alex Jones but then okay
so look Jose was talking about it we
didn't cover it because I'm not going to
cover every lunatic thing that Alex
Jones says I you know he's got theories
about the frogs are gay and the people
are 80% gorillas and 80% peg we you know
I don't have time for this madness but
now he says he just said yesterday that
Donald Trump calls them all the time I
don't know if that's true because Alex
shows a gigantic liar but if the
president is calling this maniac and
that is what is helping to spread the
rumors
yeah Jesus god help us all but then as
you'll see it has now gone down to
actual republican congressmen and
senators but first let's start with Jose
we have to move against them on every
front
politically exposing them as the
criminals they're trying to normalize
military coup right now to try to do it
try to get their people to follow the
order to do it
guaranteed they've already been given
orders to try to get a coup going and
these rogue agencies gonna have to
happen but they're trying to organize it
they're trying to work with outside
groups and we're so wide open ladies and
gentlemen they might get away with it so
I'm here to tell you Trump needs to come
out address the nation it needs to point
this out and then we need to see
indictments of these people we need to
see Brennan and clapper indicted for
sedition indicted for treason indicted
for multinational espionage so he's
talking about a physical military coup
there and saying because we think
they're gonna do a coup because of their
secret plots at the FBI and an
intelligence agency need to go arrest
people that either now currently work at
intelligence agencies or used to work
there before in other word roundup our
political enemies but in case you
weren't clear that he's talking about a
physical actual attack against the
president not a legal proceeding a
physical military attack listen to this
they're trying to get the talking points
out for when they drop a two thousand
pound bomb on Trump turn the air
defenses off and had one of their
crazies they've already got picked out
going there I'm telling you folks the
sky's the limit I bet they got pilots
ready to get in warthogs
right now somewhere in Virginia
understand the president used to go in a
bunker it needs to declare this was
going on we're already in a civil war
they admit it and go oh yeah no they're
they're about to drop a two thousand
pound a pound bomb on the White House
and murder the president imminent
imminent any rails people up and they go
I'll grab my guns we're in the middle of
a civil war okay that is not what's
happening there are legal proceedings
following our laws and our Constitution
there's nobody grabbing guns there's no
there's no Hogwarts I was dropping a
bomb on the White House you lunatic but
now the lunacy is spread to officials so
now here comes trey Gowdy and the guy
who led the Benghazi investigations
talking about secret societies watch
well what are we talking about secret
society it's right after they're
lamenting the fact that Trump Trump won
North Carolina and 81 Florida and
they're really disappointed in the way
the election turned out and then about
an inch down from that is a conversation
about perhaps this is should be the
first meeting of the secret society and
then about to text down they said let's
talk about it with Andy I don't know if
that's Andy McCabe and I'm not going to
allege that it is but it's eerily
similar
here here to Bureau agents talking about
a secret society I don't have any I
don't have a clue what they're talking
about I don't know whether one existed
but you know what Aaron is not my
responsibility to prove that I mean yeah
I'm the show room soir joke around and
say I'm not saying I'm just saying he
just literally did that on television
but he wasn't joking I mean it could be
anemic if I'm not saying yeah I just
said his name of course you're saying it
all right you can play that game
trey Gowdy might be sleeping with a
mistress or several but I'm not saying
that I didn't say that did I say that I
didn't say that by the way he's not as
far as I know okay we're not like that
so anyway but the more important part is
secret society he said it there it's in
the text it turns out it is in the text
so here's the full text that ABC News
found so she is responding to the fact
that they she apparently got not did not
get him invited to a meeting or
something Lisa page writes in or text to
stork are you even going to give out
your calendars seems kind of depressing
maybe I should just be the it should
just be the first meeting of the secret
society in other words what you guys
didn't give out your calendar why are
you guys having that meeting without me
what is this a secret society it's a
joke you morons it's a joke and
took that there like that said bonkers
everybody here the bunkers here comes a
secret society all right now we go to
lou dobbs and he did they take that joke
and turn it into again talk of arresting
people and coos it said here you go
we're at the point we feared we might be
there is an all too clear requirement to
determine the full extent to which the
FBI the DOJ and special counsels office
have been compromised and corrupted
we've learned in the past two weeks that
corruption is pervasive it is deep and
it is determined anti-trump FBI
officials Peter struck and Lisa page and
their text communications wrote of a
quote secret society within the Justice
Department and the FBI that society
served not only by its members but those
within the department who have remained
silent throughout of course the man in
charge of the FBI Christopher ray has
his own conflicts he shared the same
chief of staff as James Comey until
today well it is now obvious to all that
what is needed is not mayor change but
fundamental cleansing and reform it's
time to investigate the investigators
and to hold the corrupt accountable they
took a portion of a joke text and turn
it into it is now obvious that there are
people within the FBI now by the way
stork and Paige are already gone they're
already off the case now we are going in
bed invent other things and pretend that
they are fact when they are not and then
he called for a cleansing and these are
scary times so but they're not alone
here comes a senator a United States
Senator Ron Johnson he says everything I
take with a grain of salt but I've heard
from an individual that there was a
group of managers within the FBI that
were holding meetings off-site okay
probably a couple people went to go get
coffee at Starbucks oh they're off-site
that's at meeting off-site lunatics I
got a lot more on Johnson a second he
says when stark and Paige have described
a secret society that didn't surprise me
because I had corroborating information
well that is very interesting what
Robert
information you have here a United
States Senator you can make that public
I mean if you have corroborating
information about a secret group within
the FBI who's planning to undermine the
president and overthrow the government
you better share that information that
is monumentally important no you have
half a text that's what you have any
look no let's hear him out though listen
to this guy a United States Senator who
has lost this F in mind what this is all
about is further evidence of corruption
more than biased with corruption at the
highest levels of the FBI in that secret
society we have we have an informant
that's talking about a group that we're
holding secret meetings off-site there's
there's so much smoke here there's so
much suspicion let's stop there a secret
society the secret meetings off side of
the Justice Department correct and you
have an informant saying that yes
there's anything more about that no we
have to dig into it that's that's this
is not a distraction did your informant
confirm that these off side meetings
took place now listen I've never I the
terms secret society comes from Strock
and Paige so I was just kind of
connecting the dots so that didn't
surprise me when I heard that term but
again that's Sprott into a system that's
not clear that I are you backing off of
what will the spoken last night
no I'm saying exactly the same thing I
you know I have heard you know from
somebody has talked to our committee
important stuff here how many agents
were involved in these alleged meetings
I'm not gonna start pointing fingers in
that standpoint again I'm just
connecting the dots did your
whistleblower confirm that this was just
the agents struck in Paige or were there
more involved within the agency I mean
there's indications there were a number
of high-level FBI officials they were
holding secret meetings is that half a
dozen what's the number again I I can't
I can't really put any number on it
right now but more than just strike and
Paige does your whistleblower currently
work at the FBI
I'm not going to get into at all you
know we're we're getting this
information we protect our source is it
one person talking to you or more than
one I'm going to protect our sources I
don't want to give any indication
because we are dealing with the world's
premier investigative agency here and
people that come forward to us fear
retaliation yeah
so adults eager Society got it I got
corroborating sources uh my favorite was
right in the beginning so do you you're
sure you have the source any pauses and
he's like yes okay how about the other
senators if they testified in front of
your committee why don't the other
senators know about it interesting well
it doesn't matter you don't have to
speculate because now here comes the
backpedal Manu Raju reporting Ron
Johnson who raised alarms this week
about the FBI agents quote secret
society text just told me quote it's a
real possibility the text was written in
jest oops
now now let me go to Fox News according
to TV is Fox News made 90 meshes of the
so-called secret society in January so
Fox News is all over
oh yeah Raj as a tree got it seems sad
yeah Fox and Friends non-stop right
however text messages obtained by ABC
News on Wednesday suggested that FBI
agents were joking when they use a term
secret society but that report was never
mentioned by Fox News and there is no
record of a clarification from the
conservative Network but today barely
any mentions of secret society on Fox
News oops
bunch of clowns but they're egging on
people who are mentally unstable to do
terrible things this is a dangerous
dangerous game they're playing you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
