interesting story out of Politico about
a meeting that Bernie Sanders and his
supporters had Bernie Sanders convened
his top political advisors in Washington
on Saturday for a planning meeting that
included a discussion of the feasibility
and shape of a possible 2020
presidential campaign
half a dozen senior Democrats familiar
with The Gathering confirmed to Politico
look we'll see how it turns out but run
bernie run with the top-line message the
vermont senator received from the
operatives gathered during the
government shutdown was a more formal
version of the one they've been giving
him regularly for months you would be
one of the frontrunners for the
Democratic nomination and if you want to
run it's time to start seriously
planning accordingly rotten Bernie run
so look I want to explain something
because Bernie Sanders and his staff
they also live in Washington and now
they've been fighting Washington forty
years that's why they're not very
popular with in Washington there and
that's also why they're incredibly
popular in the rest of the country but
still they live in that subculture so
there's a discussion about how he would
be one of the favorites no you're wrong
about that
he is the overwhelming favorite so I
don't base that on the fact that I agree
with Bernie Sanders I base that on
reality polling every poll shows he's
the most popular politician in the
country nearly twice as popular as
Donald Trump we can't you read polls
well apparently the mainstream can't
read polls watching people that live in
Washington are incapable of reading
polls they look at it and they
immediately skip Bernie and they go okay
who's next
oh we got Biden and we got Warren and we
got Harris and Beau Kurds why did you
skip the guy at the top well no because
Bernie can't win I've talked to
reporters I've talked to people in
Washington they're all like Bernie
Bernie it can never be President
I kind of remember them saying that
about someone else you guys remember
when that might be oh yeah Donald Trump
didn't they assure us that he could
never ever be president and weren't they
completely 100 1000 percent wrong you
know and and in June of 2015 I said on
this show that Donald Trump would win
the Republican nomination you know why I
said that now cuz I like Donald Trump
I hate Donald Trump because I can read a
poll I'm not I'm not some sort of
fortune teller it's not that hard you
read the goddamn poll he's a clear
front-runner and the second thing that
they are discounting because of their
own enormous bias in this case is that
he now has the advantage in terms of
name recognition and brand in 2016 he
closed a 60 point lead on Hillary
Clinton he started at 2% and almost
caught her but what was the main reason
he didn't catch her because she had
enormous name recognition and he didn't
have anyone he started it took him a
year to get get there now the shoes on
the other foot who's Carla Harris quote
which are whose Klobuchar Klobuchar
okay everybody knows Bernie Sanders but
the people don't even have their
blinders on they're like no it's
definitely not Bernie definitely who's
next who's number two who's number eight
I gotta find some Oh number nine look at
that maybe it's Gillibrand no it's the
guy at the top it's the guy at the top
with all the name recognition with all
the love with all the support with over
eighty percent of Democrats who support
him beacon we got people online talking
about how Bernie shouldn't split the
vote no no you shouldn't split the vote
he's the leader so even to his own staff
I gotta tell you this you guys aren't
getting it he's the overwhelming
favorite if he runs his likelihood of
winning is enormous you're looking at
the next president of the United States
of America assuming that he he decides
to run he's healthy if he doesn't run
the 20 the 2020 Democratic primaries are
a mess okay and I don't know what's
gonna happen is gonna be a field of 15
20 people whatever and and I think a
progressive will rise up and could still
beat some of these establishment guys
that will have hundreds of millions of
dollars but if Bernie runs it's not
gonna be close all this talk of like oh
my god who's it gonna be
which corporate Democrat is going to
raise more money and all these guys
they'll all talk about the money oh oh
Gillibrand raise this and calmly Harris
raise that you're missing the picture
you've got your overwhelming favorite
he's right there
at the top okay now multiple Democrats
close to Sanders assisted the meeting
was not solely a 2020 planning session
that's fine and they did they apparently
talked about 2018 of course they did
because he's up for reelection as the
senator of Vermont in 2018 did they and
should they talk about 2020 of course
they should all right now more context
here Sanders has remained toward the top
of the polls I love political toward the
top of the polls surveying the potential
Democratic field without fail after a
stunning 2016 bid and he has been
working methodically to address major
issues that plagued him politically last
time voting up on foreign policy and
making nice with a series of party power
brokers he also visited both Iowa and
New Hampshire multiple times in 2017 a
traditional sign of a possible run now
when I say I love Politico I don't mean
that literally it's sarcastic so look
from time to time they do good reporting
and they get you good information and
this is good information and kudos to
them but that mindset they also live in
Washington the mindset is Bernie's
problems was not name recognition was
not that every television station in the
country said that Hillary Clinton had an
overwhelming lead before anyone cast the
vote because they counted the
super-delegates early was not the
framing was not the lack of debates was
not any of that
to them oh he had foreign policy issues
really how many Democrats were like oh
man I'm not sure that I agree with
Bernie Sanders position on Pakistan I've
got concerns about that where's your
polling to justify that doesn't matter
replace back say on the Afghanistan Iraq
Syria Israel Russia it does where's your
polling to suggest that Democratic
voters had issues with his foreign
policy you don't have that there were
kind of voters in general love is
foreign policy you say that because you
think Bernie Sanders he's not as good on
foreign policy as Hillary Clinton
Hillary couldn't was great on foreign
policy that's why she oh right got
killed totally lost to the worst
candidate we've ever seen in our
lifetimes okay
the second part is he's got to make nice
with a series of party power brokers no
he doesn't know either Bernie don't do
that don't do that do not make nice with
Chuck Schumer and Dick Durbin and Nancy
Pelosi and Dianne Feinstein don't do
that that is a path disaster that's a
trap the American people are not
interested in those people that's why
you pull way higher than them because
people don't like them because they
don't work those guys don't represent
them you represent them do not listen to
the politicos of the world if anything
what it won't help you it'll hurt you to
get those guys behind you and it's a
trap anyway they don't want you to win
they're gonna try to lure you in it was
all Bernie we're and they did here we're
gonna put you a leadership not actual
leadership we're gonna make up a title
for you Bernie oh why are we gonna
actually listen to your own policy no
we're gonna pat you on the head and put
you in the front get a big crowd and
then have you step aside and have us do
nonsense Mick resistance and never ever
listen to you on policy so don't listen
to those guys broaden Bernie run do what
you've been doing for the last 40 years
fight for progressives and I'm finally
political notes the next day he hosted a
town hall event focused on his
medicare-for-all proposal that you're
over 1 million viewers online I believe
I saw that somewhere we've been right
all along all the way back in 2013 I
said that Bernie Sanders could beat
Hillary Clinton people thought I was
nuts they thought he's a tiny little guy
he's never gonna amount to anything he's
2 to 3 percent that's all he's ever
gonna get well they were wrong he almost
did beat Hillary Clinton he he did now
what political organ Allah Jesus is a
miraculous stunning race in 2016 now
he's the clear favorite we said that if
you go online you'll get more viewers
anyway a million people watch that we
were right about that broadcast here on
The Young Turks and a couple of other
outlets like now this an attention you
don't need those cable news guys they
they're never gonna agree with you all
the money in politics that you're
fighting against goes to cable news and
the television guys in the form of
advertising they're not on your side
they're against you just go to the
people don't worry about anybody in
Washington don't worry about any power
brokers go to the people and run
Earnie run what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
