so last night political reporting that
we have yet another Cavin by the Senate
Democrats so you remember of course the
budget showdown and there was a quote
unquote deal made and in that deal the
Democrats appeared to have gotten very
little now at the time though I said
look let's be fair it's only a
three-week extension it's not like they
made the actual deal itself they're
still gonna have to deal with this on
February 8th and they got chip in their
children's health insurance which was
bipartisan to begin with anyway they
were public said recently we're taking
it hostage taking out the funding so
they play that game and and so they got
that but if I said if it turns out that
when the actual budget happens three
weeks from now they then get the DREAM
Act in there and deliver as they have
been promising all along for the
dreamers and made sure that those eight
hundred thousand folks can stay in the
country who are in good standing well
then that would be a different story
well it looks like the jury's beginning
to come in on that
so here's Politico Senate Democrats are
willing to drop their demand that relief
for dreamers be tied to any long-term
budget agreement a potential boost for
spending talks but one that could face
opposition from their house counterparts
these Senate Democrats are amazing I
don't think they have any sense of
what's going on in the outside world
they live in their own bubble and they
talk to one another like oh do you want
to cave in oh yeah of course there'll be
two yeah you want to give it to oh why
we've had elections coming up so what
sort of the Republicans and if you hold
strong you might actually defeat them oh
really she's gonna what look you should
be looking forward to elections you
should be looking forward to making your
case but they're so scared constantly
the other bubble they live in is for
four to five hours a day they all they
do is talk to donors they're almost all
millionaires what do you think we should
do oh you should we should cave in
because you don't want the stock market
impacted no problem can do can do
alright so let me give you more here
dick Durbin number two Democrat in the
Senate which is already I mean that's
that's your number two Democrat and
Schumer is your number one while pillars
of strength they are okay he says we're
viewing immigration is spending on Sep
terms because they are on separate paths
so I need to explain what that means to
you guys that means we're gonna do the
budget first and later Mitch McConnell
and Donald Trump have promised to us
that we will handle the dreamer issue
later after we have lost all of our
leverage the leverage is that
Republicans need Democratic votes in
order to pass the budget so they're
gonna give away that leverage and then
rely on the goodwill of Mitch McConnell
and Donald Trump they see this with a
straight face and that's after Trump
already bragged and the Republicans
already bragged after the three-week
deal and spiked the ball in their face
and said haha you're losers you came
then we want you lost and you go now
okay you're right you're I'm gonna cave
it again by God have at least some
self-respect even if you don't care
about any of your constituents even if
you don't believe in any progressive
priorities and by the way they
definitely do not I told you in an
earlier story earlier in the week it
turns out that all this time that
dreamers were nowhere near their top
priorities it was they said it was a
minor issue what they were actually
concerned about and why they shut the
government down along with the
Republicans for three days was because
they wanted to show the Republicans that
they felt personally insulted because
they were not consulted oh so it was
about your power and privilege and now
we know for sure because when it comes
to the dreamers right on the bus so as
senior House Democratic aide says on the
other hand we are insisting that these
things be in the same negotiation to us
what's important is are these talks late
or not linked to us they are linked so
that is good news from the House
Democrats saying we do not agree with
the Senate Democrats when the House
Democrats think you're too weak you
really ought to check yourself in the
mirror okay more for political
negotiators have already agreed to a
massive boost to the Pentagon's budget
this is a sprinkle on top while the
figures are still in flux multiple
sources say Congress would raise
military spending by at least seventy
billion dollars above the caps for
fiscal 2018 and eighty billion in fiscal
2019 as Politico explains that is
much higher than what Donald Trump
requested Donald Trump requested a
massive increase in defense spending and
the Democrats are now working with a
problem to say not enough let us give
you more not only are we not going to
get anything in return we're not gonna
get the dreamers what we didn't get that
but it there's the the issue of the
domestic spending and the defense
spending and if you give us normal
defense discretionary spending we're not
gonna ask for the things you took
hostage earlier we're just gonna give
you more and more defense spending you
know why because we think oh what a
bunch of losers right they get nothing
in the deal but you have to understand
something they're also corrupt they also
want the extra money to go to defense
contractors why because the defense
contractors are also their donors that's
why they're giving that's not a
something that they have gotten in
return they were happy they duce a more
wasteful spending and defense because
they're the same thing they have in that
case the same exact donors dreamers are
you guys donors you give millions of
dollars
oh you don't well golly gee the Senate
Democrats happen to find you underneath
a bus
the guys who did do give them millions
of dollars well they're gonna get
billions tens of extra billions in
return on top of what Trump asked for
funny how that works but yet
television money in politics is it an
influence still the sound of silence oh
did they do a good job of negotiating
what are their priorities what do they
care about policy they don't give a
goddamn thing about policy aren't you
sick and tired of Democrats that you
have to push and push and beg and plead
to be progressive so will for once take
a progressive position nope nope they're
not gonna do it and even after all that
pushing and begging and pleading they
still don't do it oh it's easy to do
Mick resistance oh Russia now whether
you think Russia had to deal with trum
and I do but it's easy to say ma'am so I
care about it in terms of substance but
for the Democrats it's a punch line it's
a distress
action to make sure that you don't talk
about policy I have a revolutionary idea
that apparently no one agrees with I
think you can talk about Trump's deal
with Russia
and policy because the point of that is
not like haha we got you the point of it
is Trump is a dangerous guy and and if
he actually did a deal we should get rid
of him but so that the eventual goal is
policy I'll give a damn if Dick Durbin
was in another election what has he done
for us nothing what do I care about
Chuck Schumer's our why would I give a
damn he doesn't give a damn about you
why should we give a damn about him but
they assure us no no we got elections
coming up so you better make sure your
vote for us because if we win in 2018
then we'll fight for the dreamers oh
come on
piss off already how many times have we
heard this for 40 years all give us more
give us more give me more power give me
more privilege and then maybe at the end
of that I will give you look you had
super majorities under Obama why didn't
you deliver for all these people then
you spent all that time working on a
heritage foundation Mitt Romney plan on
health care and then bragged to the ends
of the earth wind fixed health care that
was the beginning all you've got in a
supermajority was the beginning on one
issue all the rest of nothing oh don't
worry I like this more and then you'll
get it now we've we've seen that movie
before as I told you
Politico explains that defense spending
is quote a huge increase and quote much
more than the White House's most recent
budget request congratulations you you
gave Donald Trump more than he asked for
guys you must be so proud what a great
bunch of negotiators to make Donald
Trump an incompetent businessman who
went bankrupt six times a man clearly
lacking any intelligence at all to make
him look like a good negotiator
how pathetic stupid do you have to be
and most importantly craven Senator
patty Murray another member of the
Democratic leadership said that although
she would prefer a deal to protect young
undocumented immigrants be part of the
budget negotiations the agreement
reached with Meccano could make that
impossible the Kentucky Republican has
said the Senate would turn to an
immigration bill only
if the government is still funded and a
few Democrats seem to want another
shutdown I can't take these guys man I
can't
so she says well it's impossible because
McConnell said that he doesn't agree
yeah
that's cuz he's on the other side you're
also supposed to say I don't agree I'm
gonna fight for my side instead they go
all McConnell says we can't do it well I
guess then we can't do it it's
impossible it's impossible losers losers
paint to lose she says she would prefer
to help the dreamers but she won't she
won't fight for the fight no I have
elections coming up my precious beloved
ass is on the line Schumer Durbin Murray
all of them okay February so we're gonna
have patty Murray says we're gonna have
another stopgap bill but we have to have
that budget agreement in order to move
forward that's the goal and then the
deal is that if Daka is not part of that
then it will be the next thing
considered in other words we're gonna
take Mitch McConnell's word for it
we're gonna give away all of our
leverage because we'd like to lose and
our donors are super happy when we give
the Republicans everything they want and
then after we lose and then they rub it
in our face a little bit more Trump is
gonna brag and brag where the fuck is
your resistance when it comes to policy
never never no resistance oh let's do a
rally hey vote for me no corporate
Democrats you're all corrupt no interest
so they said well what would my chances
I got people on Twitter groan but Jake
be reasonable how could they have
possibly thought they had to lie down
again they had to lie down and go to
sleep how could they possibly fight for
us under these circumstances
illustrating budgets they're Trump's
approval ratings he's sitting at 36%
approval that's miserable fifty-eight
percent of the country disapproves of
Donald Trump you can't find a president
that unpopular to clean up go home
retire immediately retire immediately if
you say oh election 36 who said what
about 26% 16% oh come on man okay so
that's the other side and they're
running like cowards from a guy who has
36% while pretending to do resistance
and how about undock well maybe Dhaka is
unpopular maybe this dream act is hey
you know it's a decent thing to do it's
a moral thing to do is the right thing
to do it's the economically correct
thing to do but maybe the American
people don't want to do it get a load of
this this is a new poll from CBS 87
percent of Americans said they believe
that the so-called dreamers should be
allowed to remain in the US if they meet
certain requirements such as working or
going to school and that is the deal
that's daca you have 87 percent of the
American people on your side and you
still won't fight that is a white flag
of surrender that means we will never
fight for you under any circumstance the
other side is abhorrent the guy were
pretending to resist he is deeply
historically unpopular our side is
historically popular and we still won't
fight primaries primaries primaries
primaries primaries you better get out
there and vote in primaries
don't listen to cable news telling you
Oh general election when you have to you
know you got the lesser of two evils
you've got two losers you got two
corporate guys who basically agree to
the same a primary the living hell out
of them look just as Democrats so that
is one option for you guys they are
uncorrupted none of them are taking
corporate backpacked money you can think
whatever you want look into their policy
positions go to their websites go to
their website just Democrats calm but at
least you know they're working for you
and not for corporate donors because
they don't take corporate donors you
want to go to another group bless your
heart you want to go to other candidates
bless your heart find candidates who do
not take corporate PAC money otherwise
they will never ever work for you so I
have a lot all the time rebel
headquarters we do that right after the
Young Turks we do it at 8:00 o'clock
every night right here on tea white tea
network.com /live go go to youtube.com
slash tyt politics listen to all the
interviews some of them are just
Democrats some of them are not but their
actual progressives and you don't have
to beg them to be progressive
they're already progressive I know that
it seems like oh my god if you're a
progressive in America you have to bow
your head and just ask for crumbs off
the table you don't the way you do
hardball politics is you beat them you
crush them in the primaries none of
these guys are ever gonna work for you
and if you don't get out there and you
don't register and you don't go to those
primaries you don't defeat these guys
then don't come crying in general
elections and don't come grit in this
stop watching stop following news if
you're not gonna get up and fight get up
get up get up take all these corporate
Democrats out during the primaries go to
justice Democrats calm if you want go to
wolf dash pack.com to get money out of
politics this is grotesque
I'm so tired as a progressive constantly
asking are supposed to representatives
to represent us it is exhausting
why don't we just defeat them and get
actually it wouldn't it be amazing to
get actual progressives in the Senate
and in the house you have a couple like
we get Bernie like oh my god Bernie they
say why do you love Bernie because he's
the one guy you don't have to convince
to be a progressive he's been
progressive for 40 years you think dick
durbin patty Murray Chuck Schumer Dianne
Feinstein Joe Manchin any of these
people are progressive Mick resistance
oh yeah let's go to a rally please vote
for me
meanwhile I'll give Trump everything he
wants and then some that's how these
losers are well great let them lose in
primaries every one of you better go out
there and vote in those primaries take
them all down you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
