a volunteer has been arrested for giving
food and water to undocumented
immigrants in Arizona his name is Scott
Daniel Warren he works at Arizona State
University and volunteers with a group
called No More Deaths NBC News reports
that he was resting on January 17th
after allegedly giving to undocumented
immigrants food water beds and clean
clothes in off Ajo Arizona according to
a criminal complaint and he says this is
super weird because the organization
that he works with there's a place
called the barn that everyone kind of
knows about in that it gives
humanitarian aid to people who have made
the trek but he describes that his
organization typically has a positive
relationship with law enforcement saying
we've always had an understanding here
with both the US Attorney's Office and
the Border Patrol and also the
wilderness area managers that we are a
neutral party he said Tuesday afternoon
we don't smuggle people we don't violate
the law what we do is help to save lives
and they've recognized that for years he
cites a you know a case where they just
dismissed a charge because what his
organization does is like it is a very
treacherous and they provide
humanitarian aid for people walking
across the desert in the form of
essentially just like leaving out
bottles of water so that if you're about
to die you won't die why is this why
does he think that this happened now
well other sources are also saying that
nine hours before the arrest his group
no more deaths posted this video take a
look because it's facts
somebody left on the trail it's not
yours is it I just tell me is it yours
not yours you're not gonna tell me how
this is part of a series of videos that
they have released showing Border Patrol
agents essentially pouring that water
out and threatening to arrest the people
who have left it out which they claim
again is humanitarian aid and this has
been happening for years so that does
there's no joke hundreds of people died
in that desert they found 539 bodies
once and and so when they named the
group no more deaths
that's literal they're not trying to
help people get here they're just trying
to help people stay alive whether they
Border Patrol catches them doesn't catch
them whether they wind up here or they
go back to whichever country they
originally came from at least they're
still alive look I have a prediction I
think they're gonna start arresting
priests soon yeah because I'm now
starting to her hear stories about
hiding people in basements so ice
doesn't get them and you know who does
that
so in the press you you you see the
terrible people
in religion all the time the right-wing
evangelical leaders and even today the
wild hypocrisy where they don't care
about Trump's sexual affairs and paying
off porn stars etc etc but what you
don't see often times which is a shame
is great Christians a great priests who
care about people want to make sure they
don't die you know what they do they
care for the hungry and the needy and so
those are the people who are most likely
to at some point hide undocumented
people as ice comes to for them and the
Trump administration comes for them and
so now this is the state of America
where the we've got good people trying
to make sure that that people don't die
and they get arrested for it and we got
people hiding people and as the
immigrant hunters come for them that's
not the kind of country we should be
when I see the name Carlos Diaz which is
all that Latino surname and I see that
his attitude is that this was just done
properly respecting the border but I
think about it and I'm like there's an
attitude towards immigrants that is like
it's been there but now
emboldened and it's really really you
know it's really really off and when I
think about these people look even the
white people this guy is a white man
who's trying to help he's an ally and
they're sending a message they're
sending a message to everybody about
that border because that's become such a
big deal to distract us from what's
really happening in that White House and
I remember when the when the swine flu
was out it was a that the Mexicans were
bringing it over and then the
immigration thing came up and everybody
was like anti we don't want those
Mexicans over here because they're
bringing a swine flu then we later we
discovered that the swine flu was just
another strand of the flu like the
thousands of them and it wasn't a
Mexican problem but it's just become
yeah no no but it's just become this
anti and the continuous face of
immigration being brown it's just so
annoying because only Mexicans are
coming in through that border but what
who else is coming here and by other
means are they are they guarding those
people and making them drown and keeping
food from them are they keeping the
Eastern Europeans from eating it's all
the brown people it's just a decision
when you pour out that water that you're
gonna let people die Oh like that's it
and have your you know legislative fight
somewhere else but right now when you do
that you're killing people yes and of
course they arrest these guys because
the worst thing you do in America is
embarrass a government official yeah and
so and by the way conservatives you
won't talk about big government there's
that guy and then when he gets
embarrassed he's like oh yeah I'm
arresting anyone
yeah pointed out that I my actions might
lead to people's deaths so the this is
not the America we're supposed to be and
they claim that they were just against
illegal immigrants undocumented
immigrants but now they're against what
they're calling chain migration well
that's the most standard way that
immigrants come to this country it's
perfectly legal you sponsor your family
members yep so if you cut that off that
means you're against legal immigrants so
just I'm glad they're finally admitting
it it wasn't about oh they're breaking
the law they just don't want immigrants
from certain countries and chain
migration sounds like something that
animals do yeah
the terminology sounds like they're
treating people like animals don't you
see that train migration thing on planet
Earth
yeah it's amazing and then yeah this guy
does not look like a criminal it just is
so fun I know you can't see it but it's
so frustrating because he's one of those
people that's really trying to make a
difference by helping human beings yeah
and finally I remember my favorite part
of the border story system Republicans
came out they're like we discovered an
Isis flag near the border where we think
the Mexicans might be working with Isis
and then they found out what it actually
is it was a soccer jersey if you become
a member of the young turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole young turks
show every day
