now I was told by the right wing in this
country and especially evangelical
leaders that extramarital sex is
horrible and it disgraces the Oval
Office
I was told that over and over when Bill
Clinton was president let alone all
other times that they have judged our
personal sex lives both for private
citizens and public citizens so don't
have sex this way don't have sex with
that person or that person and and or in
that context now Donald Trump boy that's
a doozy so not only do you have the
charges of sexual assault and the
grabbing people by the genitals etcetera
but now you have the store a story of
stormy Daniels so she is an adult film
star who apparently slept with Donald
Trump right after his current wife
Melania Trump had their son oops and
reports out very credible reports that
that his lawyer Michael Cohen paid
$130,000 to her right before the
election as hush money now we know that
they did sleep together because Michael
Cohen and Donald Trump unsurprisingly
had not done their homework it turns out
as stormy Daniels had already given an
interview about this subject back in
2011 to In Touch magazine in touch
published a transcript of that and it
goes into lurid details details I never
went into because I don't actually care
about his sex life what I do care about
is the hypocrisy of the evangelical
leadership and the right wing so he has
this affair it's and then he pays money
and perhaps out of his campaign funds
we'll get to that and that's an
important part of this story as well
well
Tony Perkis is the head of one of the
top Evangel groups in the country
he's on a radio show and he's gonna get
asked about it so I'm sure that he will
remain consistent and call it out for a
deplorable thing that it is and and it's
clearly against Family Values which he's
been preaching for his whole life he
gets paid to preach Family Values so
let's find out what he said so he's
married and with a porn star that just
seems like a would be a huge problem but
it but it's not well no I would not say
it's not a problem I would say that
like if again this election people
didn't vote I think this is what's
important to understand is that
evangelicals did not vote for Donald
Trump based on his moral qualifications
does this give you pause at all
evangelical support is not unconditional
if the president were to all of a sudden
revert back to some of that behavior as
president the evangelical support will
not be there for him yeah so it's based
on week we kind of gave him all right
you you get a mulligan you get are you
gonna do over here you can start
Mulligan for 70 years of his life the
guy committed he's this is what he's
committed to and as long as he commits
to that and continues on that he will
have the support of evangelicals a
mulligan let me repeat that for you we
kind of gave him all right you get a
mulligan you get a do-over here you
remember all the Democrats they gave
Mulligan's to remember how they told
Bill Clinton I don't worry about it you
get a do-over big guy no I don't
remember that either so but this is the
central hypocrisy of a lot of the
evangelical leadership whenever it's a
right-winger oh Jesus forgives well
that's the great thing about Jesus I ran
into him right on my way to the jail
cell or wherever you know for the things
that I committed and then it turns out
Jesus loves me and now that I just
confess it after I got caught it's all
forgiven Democrat or anyone else most
importantly you and your private lies no
we judge you we judge you which I do
forever okay don't have that lifestyle
don't do this don't do that
where's our mulligan we never get one
and I love the thing he said in the
beginning well I mean even Chavez didn't
vote based a vote for Trump based on his
moral values in other words yeah we knew
he was an immoral prick but in the first
place didn't care didn't care then don't
care now so why did you vote for him
then I just want to give you one other
snippet from the long interview and a
great job there in that interview by the
host where he said well we were tired of
being kicked around by Barack Obama and
his leftist
in other words yeah he slept with porn
stars yes sexually essentially assaulted
people and there was a lot of credible
allegations of sexual harassment etc yes
in the picture that some of the
evangelical leaders took with him there
was a Playboy cover with Donald trophies
on it in the background of the picture
yes all these things they knew he was a
creep they're like yes but on the other
hand we hate Barack Obama's so much that
we would get rid of all of our so-called
values to vote for anyone who opposed
him in principle okay well at least
you've made yourself very clear but he's
not the only one Franklin Graham another
so-called moral leader of the right here
he is he's accused of having an affair
with stormy Daniels he said he didn't
she said he didn't so I just why do you
need a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars off if you didn't I don't know
that that's true all I know that was
that that was a long time ago I'm more
interested on and who a person is today
and then what they were 11 years ago and
I believe that he's a changed person and
I've never seen anybody to get attacked
like he gets attacked he's attacked by
the media every day I don't understand
the cognitive the cognitive dissonance
of Christians and people who who twists
themselves into pretzels to try to make
excuses for Donald Trump's bad behavior
he's not the pastor of our country Don
and I'm not he certainly should be a
moral authority in our country bad knee
I hope and pray that he will be a better
moral authority in these next three
years oh that's rich well I mean he's
not the pastor what'd he get not
informant
I remember when Franklin Graham came on
it said having Bill Clinton's not the
pastor of the country let's go let's
give the guy a poor guy a mulligan right
no they were vicious he has defiled the
office he's brought a morality and shame
to the White House now and it's a
Republican accused of doing far worse
well I mean come on he's not a pastor or
anything like that
he says which I think he's a changed
person
really what evidence do you have that
Donald Trump has changed at all by the
way
like I don't want to get into rumors
about what he's doing now but what he's
done in the past is exceedingly clear
and and like I said stormy Daniels not
only backed up by her own account back
in 2011 but in Touch magazine at the
time had interviewed other people who
corroborated her story at the time and
she passed the polygraph test so look I
told you before it on the stormy Daniels
story it's the least of my problems with
Donald Trump I really don't care did I
know that he was a guy who might cheat
on his wife oh of course
so I knew and by the way the voters knew
that too right so I'm not concerned
about his personal life but but the
hypocrisy the right wing drives me crazy
because just for one second imagine if
Obama had cheated on his wife with a
porn star and then paid her a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars in hush
money and then we find out as I'm about
to tell you that it might have been
campaign donations that he illegally use
to pay off the porn star Oh imagine the
right-wing reaction imagine what Tony
Perkis of Franklin Graham would have
said on television same exact facts
scenario if it were about Obama heads
exploding in every direction oh my God
look at this black man bringing
distributed to the office by the way
they did it to be fair yeah they didn't
like him for a number of reasons but
they also didn't like Bill Clinton and
he was white and so any Democrat it
would have liked our frothing at the
mouth oh come on you guys are the
world's biggest hypocrites and every
reasonable person in America knows that
how do you follow these people with a
straight face like oh no they care about
morality yeah that's why they're doing
what they're doing not for profit not
for tricks and or anything along those
lines no they they are deeply moral
people they don't give a damn about any
of the things they said all those years
so now how about the potential
illegality well as Ross story reports
you're Brad Reed reporting the
government watchdog Citizens for
Responsible and ethics in Washington has
flagged a trump campaign reimbursement
filing this spent that sent a hundred
and thirty thousand eight hundred eighty
eight dollars and thirty three
in campaign funds to a limited liability
corporation called Trump Tower
commercial hmm why is that important
well let's find out let's dig a little
deeper the fire claims that Trump
campaign was reimbursing to LLC for
quote unquote rent although it does not
describe exactly what properties were
rented out for campaign use according to
a Wall Street Journal's reporting
longtime Trump attorney Michael Cohen
set up a separate LLC called essential
consultants in October 2016 that he uses
a vehicle to pay off Daniels in exchange
for remaining silent about her past
affair with the president which occurred
shortly after his wife Melania had given
birth to their son Barron Trump given
that the payment made from the Trump
campaign to Trump Tower commercial LLC
was for roughly the same amount that
essential consultants LLC paid the
Daniel's and given the fact that the
payout occurred just one month after the
2016 presidential election ended this
transaction is sure to raise questions
over whether campaign funds were used to
cover the cost of paying off a porn star
so Trump is notoriously cheap some think
well you know that's just his nature
others think it's because he actually
doesn't have that much money
there's stories in michael Wolf's book
about how they're like hey you know you
say you have ten billion dollars why
just give 50 million dollars to the
campaign you might become President of
the United States the most powerful guy
on earth
and he's like starts negotiating it only
gives ten million dollars and then wants
it back right away he's like as long as
as soon as you find suckers to reimburse
me I want my money back right and in
this case gives the hush money and he's
like well I don't want to pay it so is
it conceivable that he wanted it paid
back through an LLC that was set up for
that exact purpose and then gets money
back that is almost the same exact
amount well that's the question that's
being asked by crew and they put out
this tweet they said President Trump is
accused of paying 130 thousand dollars
at hunch money to porn star stormy
Danielle's to hide an affair a month
before election in what is probably just
a coincidence
the Trump campaign transferred 130
thousand dollars to the Trump businesses
a month after the election so now of
course right-wingers go nuts they're
like how you don't know that for sure
be a wild coincidence so then crew has
put out the statement to be clear we're
not alleging anything nefarious took
place it was as we said probably a
coincidence come on
but as with other interesting FEC
payments we flag it's an interesting one
and one worth asking about so my opinion
on that is do we know for a fact that it
was to reimburse Trump no you don't know
that for a fact yet is it one that
should be investigated because it is an
incredible coincidence yes of course it
should be investigated any other person
that if you saw something like that
again this would have been by far the
largest scandal in Obama's presidency it
would have been larger probably than
Monica Lewinsky for Bill Clinton's
presidency not only did you sleep with
someone as he did with Monica Lewinsky
but you used potentially campaign funds
to pay that off it would have been
gigantic and he might have actually been
thrown out of office so let's treat
things equally but of course Republicans
are never gonna do that so one last
video for you guys a Republican hack
match slap was on CNN Allison Cameron
wrote of doing a great job of
questioning him he's already talked
about Tom yeah well you know if you use
government resources like Bill Clinton
she's like what do you mean what this
the exact conversation we're having so
he already went to it's not a big deal
who cares about morality Bill Clinton
not noticing the irony now he's gonna do
one leg extra layer of irony let's watch
I think this is an outrageous waste of
time for John Edwards when when there
were reports about John Edwards but he
did use campaign money Alison and when
you're basically to find out whether
Donald Trump attack him look I watch
your show it's not like you don't have
enough material to talk about on the
public so if there is wrongdoing no
matter who commits wrongdoing in this
country I think law enforcement oughta
go after that wrongdoing to it which is
look into it but Alison
don't try to don't try to listen to this
idea that we're hypocrites just because
they want to focus on the issues of the
day no no to be fair to match slap I
remember him all over TV during
don't talk about impeachment don't talk
about Monica Lewinsky we just want to
focus on the public policy issues of the
day know you guys all did the exact
opposite you pounced and you try to
paint Democrats overall let alone Bill
Clinton himself as immoral you claimed
you or the party of family values now we
can get caught you with your hand in the
porn star
all of a sudden Oh what Family Values
who cares did we say we care we don't
care at all okay that's what we saw you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
