one of the reasons that the Young Turks
took off it initially a long long time
ago was that we were saying things that
other people in the media weren't for
example we were saying don't go to war
in Iraq
yes we're that old we started in 2002 so
we were on the air and we were one of as
far as I could tell only two shows
nationally that we're saying no it's a
bad idea the other one by the way was
democracy now with the legendary Amy
Goodman and at the time we were derided
and ridiculed who wouldn't want to go to
war with Iraq
it's a layup it's so easy oh let's go
get him almost everyone else and by the
way to be fair to people like Phil
Donahue they were an Ashleigh Banfield
and Jesse Ventura they were all against
the war that's why they were taken off
the air at MSNBC back in the day so so
we were voiced in the wilderness
well apparently we have won on that
issue so thoroughly a little while back
Glenn Beck apologized for being for the
Iraq war Wow
now Rush Limbaugh with a backhanded
apology wrapped up in an awesome
conspiracy theory so this is now my new
favorite conspiracy theory it even beats
Alex Jones's human hybrids that are 80%
pagan 80 percent gorilla it turns out
the Iraq war was not a Republican idea
it was not poor joe george w bush's idea
it was an idea hatched by the deep state
to embarrass bush because it was going
to be because it was so obvious that it
was a huge failure wasn't that obvious
to rush back then all right let me let
him present the the theory and then
we'll break it down you remember what
the intelligence agencies were telling
us in the war in Iraq
do you remember what they were telling
us there was detail there were photos
there was conclusive evidence Saddam
Hussein had weapons of mass destruction
Colin Powell now says that's the most
embarrassing period in his life because
it turns out none of it was true what if
the intel on the war in Iraq was a
another disinformation campaign to
damage another Republican president and
boy did that work but just what if the
quote-unquote intelligence community
misrepresented on purpose the degree to
which was saying had WMDs are you
kidding me after all these years you're
gonna the guy who pushed for the Iraq
war over and over every day I mean rush
limbaugh put on an outfit and brought
pom-poms into work and cheerleader for
that war more than almost anyone in the
country Oh they've got weapons of mass
destruction all they're connected to it
9/11 now we knew at the time they
weren't connected to 9/11 we knew at the
time rush limbaugh was lying and a
weapons of mass destruction we were
unsure about and-and-and nonetheless
rush limbaugh pushed it and pushed it
and pushed it and he and he to end told
us in 2004 after the war started it was
already a debacle you've got a real like
george w bush he's the genius that
brought us into iraq and now after all
this time this is fascinating on two
grounds one an admission that the war
was such a debacle that you have to
blame someone else in fact it was a deep
saints plan to embarrass bush because
apparently the Iraq war was deeply
embarrassing just like we told you
oh he's not done yet we'll give him the
second part here you go we know how the
deep State has been trying to undermine
Donald Thom from the days he was a
candidate to during his transition to
even it's ongoing now as president we're
learning if struck Strunk in the FBI and
the Hillary opposition research dossier
that ends up becoming fodder for a
warrant that the FISA Court to spy on
Trump so we know the deeps they can
mobilize if they want to and they can
create false narratives that everybody
in the media believes they even have the
Republican Party three
believing the Trump had conspired with
Russia maybe to steal the election what
if Saddam weapons of mass destruction
was also a false narrative so I don't
know I it's it's all deep state it's
it's all stuff happening way beyond
wherever our eyes can see and our ears
can hear the deep state is the new the
dog ate my homework you got any problems
it's here deep state Iraq war did
Republicans where we in favor of the
Iraq war the George W Bush and Dick
Cheney push for it maniacally did rush
them off Fox's first word oh it was the
deep state they hoodwinked us but you
know I I would I probably would have
been against the Iraq war if it wasn't
for those dastardly deep state guys and
they tricked us with their weapons of
mass destruction
oh how far how many decades did you
support weapons of mass destruction even
when we found that there weren't any he
went on the air after all the reports
came out that there weren't any Zerg oh
yeah that's not necessarily true
I I heard that they brought the weapons
over to Syria what happened oh it turns
out you were lying then to rush right
right I did I cheat on my wife deep
state no he did my dog poop in your yard
nope deep state it was a deep state okay
now don't blame the Iraq war on the deep
state that is unreal look I'm not saying
that the intelligence agencies weren't
part of the problem they were but I was
there Dick Cheney weekend cover down the
show every day Dick Cheney pushed those
intelligence agencies over and over
again to get to the conclusion that he
wanted whenever they gave him a
conclusion he didn't like he buried it
and by the way the media was complicit
there was a there were a ton of people
complicit in the Iraq war including the
establishment the Republican Party a lot
of the Democrats Hillary Clinton Joe
Biden John Kerry Dianne Feinstein you
name and all the Democrats that voted
for it yes the intelligence agencies
that told us it was a slam dunk but was
it the deep state trying to trick a
Republican
to go to war I mean just pause there for
a second that is freaking hilarious to
try to trick the poor Republicans and
they're going to a war they wouldn't
have otherwise got into just so that
they could make sure that they are
embarrassed because they knew the war
would be a disaster
who would be monumentally stupid enough
to believe that no one so the bottom
line is rush limbaugh thank you for that
admission that you were wrong all along
the Iraq war was a disaster there was no
evidence of weapons of mass destruction
there was no link to 9/11 and it turned
into an embarrassing debacle that landed
on top of Bush's head and your head and
your pathetic attempt to blame the deep
state now is noted and yes we would
prefer an apology and that you man up
and actually admit to the things that
you did wrong but barring that we see
very clearly here that you realize now
that as usual you were wrong you were a
loser and now you'd like to blame your
problems on other people that's also par
for the course if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network calm /join
and once you do you'll be saying get
home like a smart person or you might
say I think it's weird or you might say
oops no that won't be that one it won't
be that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
