during the Bernese town hall and
medicare-for-all I was checking Twitter
and a bunch of conservators tweeted in
and I was just amused so I wanted to
share with you an establishment guy - so
one of them said yeah well if you like
this kind of socialism for healthcare
why don't you go to Cuba or North Korea
and then a different one tweeted in Cuba
or Venezuela because they're very
creative or we can go to every other
development in the world so you don't
have to go to a communist country you
know that US single-payer Norway France
Germany every other not there's no other
developed country that doesn't have
single-payer we're the outlier we're the
ones that let people die in the streets
and we're the ones that have the most
expensive system for one of the worst
outcomes it makes no sense all right
another guy a male then oh yeah oh
summarize the town hall for you
everything is free the rich will pay for
it I don't know how much it costs they
spent half the town hall talking about
how much it cost okay that's what
happens if you don't actually listen you
don't actually watch they explain the
cost right now it is the most expensive
system in the world it's destroying our
economy and our competitiveness it's
costing you more money it's get leading
you to bankruptcies but that you got
told you got brainwashed into talking
points and then finally on the
establishment side somebody goes oh yeah
there goes Bernie against splitting the
vote ah wait a minute what vote wait not
everything's an election ah but but but
if it were an election he's the most
popular politician in the country so
whoever your dumbass candidate it is
they'd be splitting the vote yeah why'd
it's the most popular guy have to step
down to a less popular politician in
order to quote-unquote not split the
vote so what we're asking you to do here
is to actually think go beyond the
target points go beyond the brainwashing
whether it comes from the establishment
of the right-wing and actually listen
and if you listen to the townhall like
me and all of us here you would have
learned a lot I learned a lot there was
a lot of numbers in there that I didn't
know that I'm
use going forward yeah those sweets did
identify one big problem with Singapore
health care though is they it might be
great but it can't cure stupid even
though regions have not come up with it
and now they've got morons there too
alright another another great point that
was brought up was they talked we had a
rap it was just about food deserts and
I'm just was writing an article
yesterday about pharmacy deserts and you
know near where I grew up in the south
side of Chicago this woman used to be
able to God now she had to take two
buses to go to her thing and sometimes
they're not open so anyway it's two
buses
yeah just to get her prescriptions and
she's retired she's old yeah and they
mention that too in the town hall all
right Jimmy Dore John iadarola thank you
so much guys you guys we're coming right
back I'm gonna do rebel headquarters
Nina Turner's our first guest can't wait
to see what she says about this and
there's some nurses and others that have
been fighting for Medicare for all so
we'll do that when we return you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
