so this story is disastrous in the midst
of the budget negotiations they snuck
something into that resolution that is
potentially horrific and undermines our
democracy so the intercept with a great
report from Alex Evans and Ryan Grimm on
this they explained this provision the
provision first reported by the
intercept if you're in the House version
of the spending bill last week and
modify the seventy-year-old law that
first chartered the CIA remove language
that required intelligence agencies to
spend money
according to Congress's instructions and
replaced it with a provision that allows
the agencies to move money around freely
and without Congress's knowledge oh boy
you understand that they just passed
into law that the CIA and intelligence
agencies don't have to check with
Congress now they can move money around
oh you know cut off funding for what
that doesn't matter I can move it around
to a project you authorized that didn't
authorize it who cares rule of law who
cares three branches of government who
cares
no now the intelligence agencies can do
any covert operation they like or
perhaps build private armies yes that is
part of what they're going for here and
it is public they've admitted it I'll
share it with you in a second so by the
way I thought the Republicans were
against the deep state that creates a
worse deep state than we've ever had
okay so Blackwater founder Eric Prince
has recently pitched the administration
on a private intelligence force that
would report directly to President
Donald Trump and CIA director Mike
Pompeo well that's exactly how fascism
goes you the fascists go outside of the
rule of law outside of democracy and
outside of the normal branches of
government and they become unaccountable
except to the executive who then has his
own private army that he uses for god
knows what and crushes his opposition so
that planning has not only begun Erik
Prince bragged about it in an op-ed
earlier now it's been passed into law
okay the intelligence community in its
latest grasp has gone too far for even
Richard Burr the intercept explains
Richard burr burr is a deeply Republican
conservative from North Carolina
he said the Republicans chair of the
Senate Intelligence Committee has long
been one of the Senate's staunchest
advocates for the intelligence agencies
leaning to fight to reauthorize
surveillance programs and fighting to
buried
sults of the senate's five-year
investigation into CIA torture but he
took to the Senate floor Monday to warn
that it would compromise Congress's
ability to oversee secret intelligence
programs and they didn't listen to him
here's a guy who loves the intelligence
community who gave him carte blanche
over and over again who said Oh
torture what's the big deal I'll let you
cover it up but even he is going whoa
this means they're totally unaccountable
they never even have to come back to
Congress and God knows what they can do
with that private army and the private
CIA that they're now forming burst said
quote effectively the intelligence
community could expend funds as it sees
fit without an authorization bill in
place warning warning warning not heeded
they kept it in the bill and it passed
now we go to Democratic Senator Mark
Warner he says if this exemption is
granted and it was you could potentially
have an administration any
administration go off and take on covert
activities for example with no ability
for our committee which spends time and
has oversight to say timeout or to say
we actually disagree with that policy
now you think that this is theoretical
no the planning has already begun and
now authorized so now we go to Ross
story for this part of the story
President Donald Trump is expected to
choose the billionaire co-founder of
Cerberus Capital Management who has
pushed for turning over the ongoing
conflict in Afghanistan to mercenary
armies and the CIA to lead the
president's intelligence advisory board
so now the president has an intelligence
advisory board that is can take them can
help influence him in how to spend that
money for his private armies now one
more twist so why does he care why does
this guy from this capital management
group care the report also notes that
Feinberg that's his name has no
experience in government unsurprising
aside from his massive investment in
military contractor DynCorp but did
donate a million dollars five days
before the election to rebuild America
now a trump supporting super PAC that
went hard after Democratic presidential
nominee Hillary Clinton how do you
understand that so a guy who has a lot
of money in a defense contractor did a
legal bribe called
paying contribution so super PAC to
Trump of a million bucks and in return
for that million bucks and by the way
Eric Prince and his family which
includes the divorces also gave a ton of
money to Trump and what do they get in
return they get a private army and a
private Intelligence Agency within the
United States government funded by us
the taxpayers but with no accountability
this is exactly how fascism begins and
now it's in the law so it has begun if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
younger so every day
