so the Republicans are on the warpath on
this issue of text between two people at
the FBI who are part of Muller's
investigation in the beginning
Peter stork and Lisa page so first of
all should be noted that the FBI says
that there is five months of text
missing that's unacceptable
it's unacceptable when the CIA loses the
torture tapes where they tortured people
and they had it on tape and they had a
court order to retain that evidence and
they just trashed it and so I don't know
why or how the FBI lost these texts but
it's not an acceptable situation so now
having said that there's a piece of
information shared by a Republican
senator here which I don't think helps
their cause but of course they're gonna
twist that into the into trying to
appear that way anyway so let's give you
the context here gonna go to law on
crime FBI agent Peter stork was
dismissed from Special Counsel Robert
Muller steam after messages he sent that
demonstrated a bias against President
Trump so just to remind you of the
background here and by the way yes he
was dismissed the minute they found out
about the text messages where he was
saying that he doesn't like Trump he was
off the team like that oh no no I'm not
not good enough well if it was a deep
state plan why did they kick him off the
team why don't they just let him
continue hmm okay even one of the
messages though stork apparently wrote
you and I both know the odds are nothing
about this investigation coming up with
something if I thought it was likely I'd
be there no question I hesitate in part
because of my gut sense and concerned
that there's nothing big there whoa
that's super interesting I thought this
guy was part of the deep state
conspiracy according to the right wing
to make sure that he gets Trump but in
text messages from back then he writes
to Lisa page I don't think there was
anything to the Trump investigation well
then how is he part of a secret cabal
okay more from law and crime they say
these texts of course came well before
news came out about Donald Trump juniors
meeting with a Russian attorney with
hopes of getting dirt on Hillary Clinton
and prior to the guilty pleas of Michael
Flynn and George papadopolis for
providing false statements to federal
agents so you shouldn't take at face
value that he thought there was nothing
there about the investigation today that
was before the
began but here's the guy who's supposed
to be plotting this whole thing guess
that'll trump why is he saying in
private I don't think there's a big deal
there if he was going to do a hatchet
job on Trump wouldn't he be saying oh my
god it's a giant big deal and we're
gonna go get him instead he says the
opposite but it doesn't matter senator
ron johnson republican from wisconsin
twists it and says this still johnson
believes that this is evidence that the
investigation has a political agenda
well if it's evidence that the
investigation is a political agenda well
then I guess the political agenda is
they did they did not intend to get
Donald Trump the guy that you think is
most guilty wrote a text message saying
I don't think Donald Trump is guilty
wow what a plot to undermine him ladies
and gentlemen you got him no he went in
apparently even though he really doesn't
like Trump but that is clear in the text
messages he really doesn't like Trump
but he goes in and with an attitude of
not only an open mind but one that
actually favors Trump in this invest
investigation but there's nothing the
Republicans can't twist so then we go to
Fox News of course Lou Dobbs is somehow
on still on television I think Fox
Business but he never talks about
business I just talked about conspiracy
theories etcetera so he's going to then
say okay great let's use this as an
excuse of a purge of law enforcement so
that we can put the lawless people in
charge and and oh we could hey anybody
got a brown shirt anybody got a brown
shirt Lou Dobbs was like one let's watch
the Justice Department and the FBI again
two agents and agency and a department
sworn to preserve the national security
violating law violating law and order in
the Constitution in denying Congress the
fulfillment of its responsibilities
which is to oversee those two
organizations this is reprehensible what
what do you think can be done in the
most expedient way to preserve evidence
and to bring people who are in positions
of authority
Bay to prevent further corruption so now
if you started with hey they shouldn't
have gotten rid of the text messages or
should have made a bigger effort to keep
them well then as I explained in the
beginning I'm with you you're outraged
by that I don't mind that I minded the
fine of course you're outraged by it god
bless right but then when you take the
extra step and say we need to bring them
to bay these political opponents of ours
okay now you just find a text message of
the guy saying I don't think Trump is
guilty it doesn't matter
fire anyone investigating Donald Trump
he sounded John Bolton John Bolton's a
maniac he's the guy who said we should
get rid of ten floors of the the UN
building and then of course Bush made
him a UN Ambassador he couldn't even get
both the great he's like both was like
well they are the FBI I mean I think
don't we need that Hey and so Lou Dobbs
is gonna double down the rank and file
this is not an inn but ideally those the
Department of Justice and the FBI are
corrupt they're crooked and they need to
be removed forthwith so now we're
talking about removing the heads of the
FBI or their leadership and removing the
leadership at the Department of Justice
who would want to remove all the people
in charge of enforcing the law the
people that have either already broken
the law or are interested in further
breaking the law this is exactly how
fascism begins those are political
enemies they're investigating our law
breaking well then we just round them up
and on Fox they've already suggest that
not only arresting that not only firing
them but arresting them
we're just Lou Dobbs you know it's
interesting Trump has been clarifying
because Lou Dobbs has been hiding that
brown shirt in his closet for all these
years but the minute he gets a chance
all of a sudden he's like oh it's time
to put it on yes round up our political
enemies not in America not according to
our Constitution we're supposed to have
rule of law and no one is above the law
including the President and if you don't
respect that you're not a true American
and look at these Republicans who
pretended for all these years to be for
law and order now talking about firing
everybody at the FBI in the Justice
Department because they're investigating
their dear beloved crooked corrupt
leader Donald Trump they sicken me
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
