we have another shooting at another high
school in Kentucky and here we go round
and round we go and it is unfortunately
having looked at all the new sights a
relatively minor story now now we've
gotten so used to school shootings and
massacres that this becomes a blip
that's the state of what's happening in
America so CBS News explained that the
Kentucky governor Bevin and other
officials have given an update on the
high school shooting which I'm going to
share with you guys in a little bit and
there you're seeing obviously some
footage of what happened inside and
outside the high school and the
aftermath of the shooting
the gunman whose name is still unknown
was a student at the school and will
face murder and attempted murder charges
two have been killed 19 injured 14 shot
and it is a terrible day in America when
it's no other way to call these
shootings other than massacres and I
think that we're not using the right
word when we admit that when a massacre
at a school where 14 kids are shot 14
people 19 in the hospital overall and
it's a relatively minor story in the
news we've just we've become like those
lab animals that have been shot so often
and and so indiscriminately and randomly
that we've appeared to have stopped
trying to fix the problem so if you want
to know what's endangering our lives yes
we should talk about terrorism all of
all stripes yes we should talk about
foreign policy issues yes we should have
checks at airports but my god do you
want to see what's killing you and your
neighbors
it's the guns next door so yet another
shooting at another school and yet empty
talk as always from the politicians here
is the governor of Kentucky respect the
fact that these children
belong to this community into specific
families in this community and this is a
wound that is going to take a long time
to heal and for some in this community
will never fully heal that is going to
take a process of time and respect and
I'm asking you please to respect these
families this is an opportunity for us
to show how these situations can be
handled the respect the love the
sticking to the facts in allowing the
process to proceed I'm just asking you
please have respect for these families
what does that mean respect for the
families who wouldn't have respect for
the families we all do we're all
incredibly concerned about them we're
concerned about our own families because
this shootings gonna happen in a corner
near you real soon it happens every day
in America we have a mass shooting on
average about once a day in America so
who is a concern of quick we're all
concerned so what are you actually
saying what are you actually saying
governor Bevin what you're saying is now
this is not the time to talk about guns
okay so let's not jump to conclusions
let's not say anything that might
actually fix the problem remember I
along with all my Republican buddies get
funded by the NRA so whatever you do
respect this situation and don't try to
solve it well that's how we got here in
the first place you told us not to solve
it in the last mass shooting and the one
before that and the one before that and
after every massacre you told us no no
you can't do anything about guns how
about we said the simplest regulation of
the world federal background checks 93%
of Americans agree you know why would
cuz we're all getting killed out here
and you said no and you said and all
your donors said no and your Republican
colleagues said no and now it comes to
you and you with your fake emotions and
the pauses oh my god respective house
don't hide behind the families that's
what you're doing you're hiding because
what you don't want people to say is
Governor Bevin did nothing about the
issue of mass shootings and non-stop
massacres and because he got paid by the
NRA and whatever you do on a day like
today don't mention that yes sorry
we do not agree we will mention it the
data fix massacres like this is yes the
minute it happens that's when you go to
fix it and you told us the delay and
delay and delay and what is that gotten
us nothing but more massacres at more
schools guy didn't go in there with rope
or a knife
they went there in with the one thing we
know is went in with a weapon and got to
shoot a lot of kids with their weapons
but yet the Republicans say over and
over again in some Democrats whatever
you do I have a hobby my hobby allows
other people including people on a
terrorist watch list including people
who have mental issues even people that
have committed violence like domestic
violence before my hobby allows them to
murder other people but I got a hobby
I got a hobby and whatever you would do
on a day where we have school kids
massacred
don't talk about my beloved hobby slash
my donors is what that politician is
saying my donors want you to buy more
and more weapons so we have more and
more shooters but whatever you do don't
talk about it we do not agree I don't
want another school shooting its way
past time that we did something about
this if you become a member of The Young
Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks show every day
