what's up everyone I am here with verse'
Sharma who is the senior correspondent
for now this and now this is also
playing a role in a really big event
that's taking place tonight it is the
town hall on Bernie Sanders
medicare-for-all proposal and I am super
excited to work with you guys and make
this event happen thank you for being
with us absolutely we're thrilled were
so excited about this and I know that
both of our audiences are feeling the
same way so yeah so I wanted to talk to
you a little bit about how this all came
to fruition we were all called into
Bernie's office and he had this proposal
what was the proposal and why do you
think he came to us so hopefully your
audience saw this back in November I
know we live streamed it on our channels
as well but we got together a couple
months ago to do a panel with senator
Sanders talking about issues that are
important to young people issues that we
think aren't getting covered on cable
news and maybe more mainstream media and
it went really well it was a resounding
success both in terms of viewership but
especially in terms of engagement just
getting people engaged on these issues
and engaging in the comments on Facebook
on YouTube and so I think seeing that he
was excited to see that there's another
opportunity beyond CNN be on MSNBC to
reach young people and to reach you know
progressive audiences so this idea kind
of came out of that discussion and I
think it's fantastic that we're focusing
on Medicare for all yeah definitely we
had this panel about the state of media
and Bernie kept talking about how there
isn't enough focus on issues that matter
to Americans and to be quite honest with
you guys the sense that I get from
mainstream media and particularly cable
news is this notion that Americans don't
find policy discussion sexy but we're at
this crossroads right now in the country
especially in the Trump era where people
are feeling you know the impact of a
system that doesn't work for them health
care system that doesn't work for them
you know certain economic policies that
work against the middle class in the
working-class and it just
so good to be able to have this
conversation now versa what are your
thoughts on medicare-for-all do you have
reservations about them do you think
that this event will address some of
those reservations yeah I think that's
honestly what I'm most excited about
beyond just joining forces and and
broadcasting this on a couple different
social platforms I know that people in
our newsroom have some reservations
about it people in our audience have
some reservations about it but everybody
agrees and I think the majority of
Americans agree that the current system
is not working for us and so senator
Sanders seems to be one of the only
people out there who is consistently
making time and having discussions about
how we fix it so I know he's introduced
this plan and he's got some co-sponsors
in the Senate but could perhaps get more
and I think this is this is the
beginning of a discussion that you know
he started during his campaign and it's
bringing more people to the table well
where we're educating people on what
does single-payer healthcare mean how
does it work how do we fund it all of
the questions that people have about it
I think will be addressed tonight and if
they're not I think we'll have more
discussions in the future absolutely it
will be a comprehensive discussion and
what I love is that you know based on
what I've seen from the questions that
were submitted to us there are people
who want to challenge Bernie Sanders and
he is certainly up for the challenge so
I'm looking forward to seeing what the
answers are not only from senator
Sanders but also from all the healthcare
professionals who will be taking part in
this discussion so make sure you guys
check it out it will be live at 7:00
p.m. Eastern Time you can check it out
on both of our Facebook feeds so
facebook.com slash the young turks or
facebook.com slash now this news awesome
thank you so much guys thank you
