this weekend was the second woman's
March both across the US and across the
world and across the entire world a lot
of people took to the streets well over
a million people in total actually we've
got some video that's gonna show you a
few aerial photos I was at the LA March
and I believe it was the single largest
over 500,000 people which is amazing but
also less than last year that's how big
it was last year you seen huge marches
there New York City had 200,000 San
Fransisco had between fifty and a
hundred thousand Oakland not far away
40,000 Chicago had 300 thousand which is
actually more than they had last year at
the first woman's March and then there's
thousands gathering in Rome and London
and Paris and Sydney other cities in
Australia and then you know I mean
there's well over 200 in the US alone
we're talking about like Philly had a
small one in Houston and Dallas and San
Antonio all over and it was incredibly
inspiring a number of great speakers I
took a lot of photos and it was awesome
I went with them my girlfriend and some
of our friends who are also activists
and it was very inspiring and then you
get back home and you go on social media
and you see the right-wing attacks
against it just like last year which are
disheartening at least briefly the
amount of disrespect lobbed at these
people who are like you know hard it is
to get people in the u.s. to Barch to
actually go somewhere and to do it two
years in a row and to get a million-plus
people is amazing but they're just it's
this it reminds me actually a lot of the
arguments that were cast against Occupy
Wall Street like what are they actually
there for they don't have one leader
they don't have one policy they care
about and so they disregard it but on
the other hand I'm gonna jump in for one
second you get 12 goofballs dressed up
in colonial gear mm-hmm and may call it
a tea party rally and you'll get cable
news and covering it non-stop
oh my party doing what are all 13 of
them doing yeah let's cover it on stuff
you measure the Tea Party got a million
people in the streets they'd be like
this is the greatest political movement
the world is over Zune and look I know
for some people even for some
progressives women's issues specifically
or not at the top of the list and so
it's easy to look at it and say well
where is the passion for my particular
issue but I was there I took pictures of
the signs whatever issue you care about
there were people there marching for it
passionate about it and so what more
interruption there John sorry just to
close the loop on the on the tea parties
you know they always say you're
absolutely right about occupier of this
oh well what do they want one anyway the
Tea Party claimed that they were against
the bank bailouts didn't do a single
protest of the banks yeah
or the bailouts I mean you are talking
about what are you for they should have
been screaming that from the rooftops
for the Tea Party
they got formed because they were mad
about the bailouts and then they did
random things were they dressed in
costumes and and brought guns and then
we're like I think we're angry about
health care what they had no freaking
idea they're the model of what the hell
is your point yeah but look at the
contrast in in the coverage yeah no
totally and I would also argue if you
ever find yourself asking of a protest
strip like if the women's March also
some people say this about you know the
whole kneeling thing what do they
actually want every concerned asking
them you know they're holding signs
actually you could probably see some
here there's anti-war messages there's
anti capitalism messages anti-fascism
messages there's message pro science all
sorts of things but another criticism is
well they're just they're just marching
some people generally people who don't
like marching cuz it's hot they don't
like walking around like to denigrate it
as not being important but I would argue
that it's not just a March I think that
this movement which in its purest form I
think is here in the March is going to
make a huge difference in fall and so we
have numbers for that any just March and
it's also running okay at least 79 women
are exploring runs for governor in 2018
potentially doubling a record for female
candidates set in 1994 which is amazing
the number of democratic women likely
challenging incumbents in the US House
of Representatives is up nearly 350
percent from 41 women in 2016 nearly 900
women contacted emily's list which
recruits and trains pro-choice
Democratic women about running for
office from 2015 to 2016
since president Trump's election more
than 26,000 women have reached out about
launching a campaign now that's just one
example but obviously you can look at
justice Democrats and you can look at a
number of other groups like that they're
helping so these people are not simply
marching they're not simply talking
which would be a big thing by itself
they're also running for office and when
they do run and when the election comes
they're gonna make a difference a poll
came out today and the woman's vote is
going to be huge Democratic candidates
win support from two-thirds of women 64
to 29% up from 55 to 40% in a fall
that's a huge shift now the race for men
where the Republicans have the advantage
by nine points is steady since Donald
Trump's election and so you're seeing
there there's movement amongst amongst a
number of different demographic groups
but perhaps nothing like amongst women
and so it ain't just marching man it's
running for office it's supporting
supporting candidates that they they
will then vote for it's donating it's
mobilizing people to vote on a number of
different issues I mean there were great
speeches about daca about a number of
different issues there and so for me
events like this marches like this and
we had a number last year a way to sort
of recharge to get out of the weird
political media cast and go and see real
people real activists trying to make a
change all right I have a bunch of
things to say about that so you
mentioned Jeff Democrats slightly more
than half the candidates are women in
that group as well and they didn't pick
them and I didn't pick them the staff
did they didn't pick them because
they're women they picked them because
they were the best candidates available
in those races and and by the way of
nearly half are men and so it's amazing
what happens if you actually practice
diversity not enforce ways but in
natural ways where you actually look for
the best possible candidate and it turns
out hey look that kind of matches the
population of the US if you don't put
bias into the equation okay so now in
terms of of the women vote well look
what John said I just gonna double down
on it just a couple months ago there's a
15-point lead for Democrats among Mormon
that's already gigantic now it's a
thirty five point lead I've never seen
anything like that in my lifetime for
one demographic like that and it's a
pretty important one fifty-one percent
of the population that's thirty five
point lead that's heading into
congressional elections so the most
important sign you're seeing is the one
that's right behind John grab them by
the midterms okay there are a lot of
things like that right yeah and and that
is exactly right so but in order to do
that though you have to actually read
the signs
you have to actually talk to these
people I'm talking about Democratic
leadership talking these people I'm not
even talking about the right wing and
you have to find out what do my voters
care about yeah so when you do what you
did today and you don't include the
DREAM Act in a compromise you're gonna
drain the excitement out and right now
the number one reason why the Democrats
are slated to clean up in these next
elections is because of excitement it's
up six points among Democrats and
Democratic leaning independents this
November that is their likelihood to
vote they're their chance of showing up
so in all these categories Oh in almost
every demographic the number of people
say that they're gonna show up that our
Democrats are much higher than average
much higher than usual why they're fired
up to fight Trump and the Republicans
it's true but they also want to be fired
up for a change that goes in their
direction so if you say okay get fired
up but if we win we're not really gonna
do anything and by the way I've seen
articles like that already the Democrats
are talking about well if we win this
time around we got to keep our powder
dry so that we win the next elections -
no no that's wrong point you have to
deliver if you win this time otherwise
you don't get marches like this you
don't get energy like this thing you
don't get wins like that you could have
right now the Democrats have a historic
14-point lead in a in a generic matchup
of Democrats versus Republicans in
Congress among likely voters fourteen
points that's a landslide if that's
across the country the number of
publican losses might be shocking but
Democratic leadership listen to
progressives give them a reason to show
up if you don't give them a reason they
stay at home and you lose if you become
a member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole Yonkers show every
day
