Oxfam has a new report out today and it
is fairly devastating about income
inequality both here in America and
across the world let me go right to that
report the world's richest 1% raked in
eighty-two percent of the wealth created
last year according to a new report by
poverty fighting nonprofit Oxfam 1% got
82 percent of the wealth created last
year but then they'll turn around and go
what the stock markets up well the
markets are doing great are you getting
it no that's how one percents getting
almost all of it but then they make it
seem like well you should be happy maybe
it'll trickle down to you well let's
find out if that happened just 42 people
now hold as much wealth as the poorest
3.7 billion people the organization said
so that's just 42 people with the same
amount of wealth as half of the world's
population amazing in America it's
actually worse the country's three
richest people in the US have the same
wealth as the poorest half of the
American population just three people
Bill Gates
Jeff Bezos Warren Buffett have as much
money as 50% of the population in
America that is over a hundred and
sixty-five million people
equal to just three people gee I wonder
if we have income inequality Oh
or maybe it's trickled down to us
this'll look like it's trickled down
okay
billionaire wealth has risen by an
annual average of 13 percent since 2010
while the average workers wages have has
risen an average of 2% wait I thought it
was supposed to all come down to us it
looks like you guys kept most of it the
billionaire's get 13% that's six and a
half times the rate of wage increase
that you got ok gets worse
well billionaire income was booming last
year the poorest have the world so saw
no increase in wealth
so overall wages went up just 2% that it
includes the rich ok when you look at
the bottom half it didn't go up at all
at all what happened to trickle down
nowhere okay the Oxfam report which is
based on data from
orbs an annual Credit Suisse Global
Wealth datebook blame the wealth gap on
tax evasion corporations increase
increasing influence on policy erosion
of workers rights and cost-cutting this
is what I tell you all the time it isn't
an accident
it isn't what naturally happens they
rigged the rules in their favor and part
of that is lowering taxes on
corporations like they just did lowering
taxes on the rich like they just did
part of that is never raising the
minimum wage minimum wage naturally it's
still $7.25 that gets you fifteen
thousand dollars a year if you work all
year fifteen thousand a year and then
you go well this wealthy in inequality
just came out of no out of nowhere I
guess there's nothing you can do about
it of course there's something you can
do about it
by the way defunding the IRS attacking
them with fake scandals so that the rich
can get away with tax evasion which also
leads to income inequality all these are
coordinated and they lead to a macro
result that is shocking now I want to
show you something that Oxfam didn't
show in their report I talked about this
from time to time on the show and this
is what you really have to absorb and
how I think this is the crux of the
matter here let's show you a chart where
you see productivity and wages from 1948
to 2013 see productivity sky-high and
continues to rise congratulations
American workers you have done a
fantastic job of 243 percent in that
time period hourly compensation going
right along with you guys until the
1970s and then it flatlines so hourly
compensation since 1973 has only gone up
9.2 percent whereas productivity has
gone up nearly 75 percent so they took
most of that productivity and they kept
it for themselves you work for it and
you didn't get it you know how much this
is an amazing fact the difference on
average between those two charts those
two lines on that chart is for the
average American worker over $17,000 so
if you go to the next chart you'll see
it okay so seventeen thousand eight
hundred and sixty-seven dollars is what
you would have made more if
wages had just kept up with productivity
if you had just gotten the fruits of
your labor on average you'd be making
more than $17,000 more than what you
make today and they took that from you
year after year after year by raiding
the rules to their benefit so one of the
ways they do it is through the tax code
let me show you this chart back in 1952
corporations paid 32 percent of all
taxes in 2015 that dropped to under 11
percent so cut by about a third now it's
gonna be cut even more than that because
that does not include the Trump tax cuts
which cut corporate taxes to the bone
even less social insurance in retirement
used to be nine point seven percent
that's the payroll tax the rich don't
even pay it after a certain point so
that is the most regressive tax we have
that's the one that hits the middle
class the hardest so what happened to
that that rose to thirty three point
five percent of all taxes being paid in
2015 now it'll be even higher you know
what they just did through those laws
they shifted the burden the tax burden
onto you and away from corporations and
the rich so it is not surprising that
the money did not go down it went up to
billionaires and millionaires and the
bottom half got nothing at all and
everyone else got a 2% increase over the
span of 40 years just a 9% increase they
took so much money out of all of our
pockets that's why we have the
inequality that we have so final stat
for you guys there are now two thousand
forty three billionaires worldwide ok
2043 in 12 months the wealth of this
elite group of 2043 has increased by
seven hundred and sixty two billion
dollars that's just in 12 months that's
enough to end extreme poverty seven
times over see taxes do make a world of
difference if all you did was tax the
billionaires in the world just 1/7 of
their gains from just this last year you
could erase poverty war
white now that sounds ambitious but
there are stats that back that up as to
how you could deliver food in the
process by which and then they
calculated those numbers so you might
say those numbers might not be perfect
and you might have some arguments around
the edges fine bring it up to one-sixth
of what the billionaire's earned if you
had that one tax you can erase poverty
nope there's no that tax does not exist
in fact taxes on billionaires just went
even lower under Trump wealth inequality
is not an accident it's not the bug it's
the feature this is exactly why they put
money into politics so they could buy
our politicians and rigged the rules on
their behalf and they have and they've
gotten spectacular results out of it and
what we've gotten is a great American
robbery you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
