and exclusive tonight about president
Trump's nominee to run Health and Human
Services at cabinet position and about
what it means to lower health care costs
in this country right now Senate
Republicans expect to confirm the
nominee Alex a czar by the end of this
month
mr. a czar was the top executive at Eli
Lilly pharmaceuticals and as you might
imagine got fairly interrogated by two
Senate committees about drug prices so
everybody's concerned about the rising
drug prices but it turns out mr. SERR
also serves on the board of directors at
a company called HMS which specialises
in quote containing health care cost
documents from a czars year at HMS show
that the company's focus was less about
cutting costs and more about shifting
the costs so HMS helps States and
private companies shift costs of their
health plans and onto other plans on the
government health plans other company
health plans or onto the individuals
themselves take Medicaid at a zones
confirmation hearing a couple weeks ago
Ohio senator sherrod Brown questioned
him about whether he favors cutting
Medicaid costs by imposing work
requirements on Medicaid recipients all
of us want to know exactly how you how
you could rationalize requiring
individuals struggling with an illness
whether it's cancer whether it's opioid
addiction whether it's some kind of
severe mental illness how how you will
rationalize requiring individuals to
struggling with those illnesses to work
in order to remain eligible especially
when such a requirement is indirect in
direct contradiction to the objectives
of Medicaid programming if you consider
someone with cancer to be able bodied
what about an individual diagnosed with
depression I would like you to do this
I'd like you to please submit your
proposed
definition of able-bodied adult to this
committee included him today's in the
record including today's hearings before
this committee votes on your
confirmation senator I don't have a
proposed definition of able-bodied your
imputing to me a desire that I have not
stated in a letter last July however hm
s quote strongly urged letting Wisconsin
do just that
imposed work requirements and other
restrictions to qualify for Medicaid
also while this mister razor was on the
board the HMS company advocating making
you sign an affidavit on whether your
spouse has a job and qualifies for
health care from that company and
forcing you to prove your dependents
really are your dependents the HMS
company estimates that its suggestions
can help companies disqualify about
eight percent of workers dependents A's
on the other hand reported receiving
stock and options valued at more than
one hundred thousand dollars for his
year on the HMS board now by any
reasonable analysis this is insidious it
needs to be recognized it needs to be
considered by the public at large what
you have here is an ongoing effort this
is just one example an ongoing effort to
basically come after Medicaid to come
out to eventually Social Security but
particularly when it comes to health
care costs the idea is not a new idea
but it's one has taken up some momentum
in recent years it's sort of take the US
government as a representative of we the
people out of decisions about such
things as should drug prices go up or
should the people as a whole have some
leverage in negotiating that's what the
government has been doing this is all an
effort to say listen you turn the
pricing of things over to the big
pharmaceutical companies to the
insurance
companies and the hospitals which are
increasingly owned by the insurance
companies it's an effort to say you know
let them sort of settle on what the
price is going to be don't have the
public at large through their government
have any leverage that is what this is
about
you'll hear sis phrases well let the
market decide on pharmaceuticals now I
want to point out one thing too we
talked to health care insurance
whistleblower wendell potter and he said
companies like hms shift costs around
and then add to those costs by charging
for their services its total neglect to
the governor abilities leverage scale to
negotiate lower prices that's a lot
about what this whole thing is about
