Don Imus I'm gonna ask you if you
remember him some of you might some of
you might not he was a talk show host
for a long long time and had a lot of
influence for a while does a morning
show well it turns out he's done March
29 2018 will be the last Imus in the
Morning program
turn out the lights the party's over
well let me explain why he got kicked
off I guess is a fair term in this case
and why it matters mediate reports the
move doesn't appear to be the shock
jocks choice
Imus said he was told by a syndicator
cumulus that he would not be paid past
the end of his contract so to give you a
sense of how long he's been on the air
except for a two-year hiatus in the late
70s
Imus has had a continuous presence on
New York airwaves since 1971 so for
almost half a century he's been on the
air now Don Imus is a complicated
character a lot of his politics is
conservative and is why he got a lot of
coverage in the past both positive in
general like hey Don Imus he's so
amazing he's for rich people yay okay
and at times he's got pizzazz positions
that are progressive and things that you
can't quite put your finger on and
that's fine and he's a interesting guy
in to do a talk show if he's hard to pin
down and and as and he's also gotten him
some trouble some conservative points of
view he has some racial slurs to say
about the Rutgers women's basketball
team that got him kicked off the air for
a little while and got him in trouble
with advertisers at the time I said I
don't think he should be taken off the
air I think we need to have these
discussions now let's be clear number
one consequence of this and and and what
it flows from actually is that
conservative talk radio is dying and
I've been telling this for a long time
and here it is on death's doorstep so in
March 29th Don Imus who's again not
necessarily pigeonholes the conservative
talk radio more of the old school shock
jock but had a lot of conservative
pinions and was on Fox for a while
he's gonna be gone number two as I've
been telling you all along there's no
one actually listening to these radio
guys their ratings now so poor they're
literally being taken off the air so why
do they have any attention at all
because it serves some people's interest
so you think rush limbaugh has a much
bigger audience no hit Rush Limbaugh's
audience has never been verified Glenn
Beck's radio audience has never been
verified no one knows what it is they
just make up numbers and he keeps saying
the same number a year after year after
year wait has it been steady all that
time no and and the only reason why they
have extra power because is because the
media gives them that power but nobody's
talked about Don Imus in a while so what
effect did Don Imus have nothing nothing
at all if all they do is their radio
shows in a cave they have no influence
and no power and no audience they have a
bunch of incredibly old people who still
give some ads because they run the local
used-car dealership or whatever in the
furniture store and that's it that's it
but a lot of times the media will take
the Rush Limbaugh's of the world and
make them seem like they're huge oh my
god I said that it would give us a damn
what Rush Limbaugh said look I do it to
run them out of town to stand up to
their BS but at some point and a lot of
you have emailed in and tweeted in about
this and and you guys are right we just
got to cut off their oxygen because they
no longer have any audience or any
relevance let's just finish him and and
as you can tell with Imus and the rest
time is not on their side they're in an
ancient format with an ancient audience
tick tock tick tock the good news for
the rest of the country is a lot of this
poison that they put in to the media and
unfortunately the bloodstream of America
back when people are useless in a radio
is soon going to be gone and good
riddance
is my final word to them you just watch
the video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the
will show by becoming a member tea white
tea network.com slash joy
