good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather and if you're wondering whether
it feels good to say that well it does
but this is something new a newscast
airing weekly on Monday nights an old TV
newsman leaning on new media to connect
with our future a collaboration between
two organizations my own news and guts
and the Young Turks by the way you may
catch me talking with the team here
off-camera sometime during our newscast
we're a low tech but we have high
aspirations this is an answer our answer
to what TV news has become by the way
this is my actual office my old partners
desk that I treasure no bells no
whistles we're going to try to give you
news analysis and commentary with as
much context and perspective including
historical context as possible on
stories that matter to the real lives of
real people I may sometimes tell you
what I think not what to think I seek
not to persuade you but to inform you
we're launching this venture two days
after the one-year anniversary of
President trump's inauguration one day
after the anniversary of the first
women's March we'll close with my
thoughts on why we're doing this and why
we're doing it now but we begin with the
end of the 2018 government shutdown
excuse me the end of the 1st 2018
government shutdown today's deal to fund
the government extends for only three
weeks On February 8th perhaps we'll do
it all again on Saturday the first day
of the showdown president Trump's 2020
reelection campaign put out an ad
blaming Democrats for this mess for the
shutdown and for the quote murderers
that will occur if Democrats kept their
way on immigration
that's illegal immigrant Louis
bracamontes charged with murdering two
police officers it's pure President
Trump is right
build the wall deport criminals stop
illegal immigration no Democrats who
stand in our way will be complicit in
every murder committed by illegal
immigrants president Trump will fix our
border and keep our families safe well
Democrats said they agreed to a
three-week extension because of a
promise by Senate Republicans a promise
to vote on daca
the deferred action for childhood
arrivals program which was immigrants
brought here as children stay here in
work we should note that when President
Trump suspended daca
he told Congress to restore it in
legislative form Senate Republican
leader Mitch McConnell told Democrats he
will permit a voter in Dhaka on February
8th if Congress can't strike an overall
immigration deal by that time Democratic
whip dick Durbin took to the Senate
floor to assure dreamers his party is
not abandoning of them we have gathered
the largest bipartisan group of senators
to ever commit to moving forward on the
DREAM Act and immigration we have a
process I want to thank Senator
McConnell for explicitly saying today it
will be a level playing field it will be
open to both sides we will move to the
issue as you characterized it this
morning of ducking immigration thank you
for doing that I believe that that sets
the stage for us to work together
for the first time in five years we will
have a debate on the floor of the Senate
on the DREAM Act and immigration to all
the dreamers who are watching today
don't give up I know that your lives are
hanging in the balance on what we do
here on Capitol Hill and with the White
House three weeks from now I hope to be
joining you in celebrating the passage
with you and your families and your
communities of a measure which will
strengthen America and
you an opportunity to be part of our
future of course no one asked the House
of Representatives about all this which
could mean that on February 8th we do it
all over again holding the government
hostage did not used to be a standard
negotiating tactic the government and
his functions were what each side fought
for so if you see any here news reports
later today and tonight that the crisis
is over consider that it has merely
slowed back down to its previous pace
that's basically what's happened
consider that shutdowns are - the way we
govern today as combustion is to
corrosion that is a sudden flare-up of a
similar process already underway
consider the vision of government made
manifest in how this showdown rolled out
uniformed military we're still on duty
96% of Housing and Urban Development
staff sent home 87% of homeland security
workers told to show up compared to 10%
at the Department of Education and you
get the idea now consider the
slow-motion government shutdown try
telling Puerto Rico the government
shutdown is over more than a third of
Puerto Rico remains without power on
Wednesday before the showdown the
newspaper el Nuevo Dia reported that the
Trump administration is withholding a
billion dollar loan to the island also
last week the agency created to protect
bank customers protect bank customers
said it will not enforce a recent rule
on payday lenders on Tuesday we learned
that most of the National Park System
advisory board as quit you get the idea
and it most media ignore the year-long
slow motion and shutdown if Democrats
don't raise enough of a stink about it
maybe it's because too many of us
have signaled that we're on board when
President Reagan said the scariest words
are I'm from the government and I'm here
to help
we got the joke we laughed along but it
was not always like this folks and
that's something worth thinking about
look the government when it works as it
should work takes on big projects for
the country as a whole think about
President Eisenhower championing the
building of the interstate highway
system President Kennedy and President
Johnson with let's send a man to the
moon President Roosevelt with the safety
net including Social Security go away
back to Theodore Roosevelt who broke up
the big mining and oil cartels a big
corporate monopolies and also set the
country in the course of conservation of
some of our most important lands these
were big projects they had the support
of the country as a whole and presidents
led those kinds of accomplishments we're
capable of doing that again and I'm not
here to praise president Trump but it
should be noted that President Trump
during the campaign he talked about all
kinds of big projects you know
infrastructure being one of them there
are big projects that only the
government representing all of the
country all the country's people can
accomplish and we've done this in the
past and for those who questioned well I
don't know now and with all the
polarization where they can do it of
course we can do it what it requires a
national consensus on what needs to be
done a president who will exert some
leadership on it a Congress who will
follow the president's leadership and
expand on it I'll give you one of my
favorites if you think about what then
what kind of big project could we do now
and keep in mind the context of this
folks is this whole movement has been
taking a long time the whole movie to
convince the American people that the
government is bad you know get the
government out of our lives well first
of all it's not really practical to do
that and secondly well at least question
whether it's a good idea
whatever gonna say if you want something
really get behind in which the
overwhelming majority the country could
get behind a president Trump presumably
could get behind and we get something
done is the top three priorities of this
country you can make a case that the top
three are priorities ought to be in
order
education education and education
particularly revitalizing and reform
public school education which were so
long was the absolute backbone that
country that aspire to the country and
which really catapulted the country
forward to making the 20th century our
century was education education
education that's just one of the
examples if we're willing to think big
if we're going to say of course
government has a role in doing big
things doesn't have to be going to Mars
for example who's gonna lead in the 21st
century in developing artificial
intelligence it's one of the big
developments are going to expand this
whole century or the Chinese gonna lead
in that somebody else or a we gonna
leave it that's the kind of big thing
that government at his best and
presidential leadership at his best can
actually make happen now
of course the pundits will tell us that
we will bounce from shut down to shut
down now because it is uniquely
impossible to deal with President Donald
Trump like negotiating with jello Senate
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said but
mr. Trump is less an anomaly than many
admit is mr. Trump's intellect truly
less robust than saying that a vice
presidential candidate Sarah Palin has
America really blundered worse under
Trump than it did by invading Iraq
America did not teleport into 2018 we
walked a path brightly lit by the neon
warning signs of our past we have been
down this path before
and we do know the way back the way back
among other things is not to have this
idea that somehow another education is
bad somehow another intellectualism is
bad this there's a very dangerous virus
so there's much of it coming from the
leadership of the company of the country
that somehow education is not so to be
valued as it once was
and somehow there's actually an anti
science movement it's very clear anti
science movement that we do we really
want them is that really going to take
us back there was a time that long ago
when scientists were among our biggest
heroes finding for example a cure for
polio and all kinds of accomplishments
where does this come from this idea that
well we don't need to think of a college
education for nearly as many people who
say once did you know I've said and I'll
say again that the American people are
pretty good separating brass tacks on
bull shine and when somebody tries to
convince us that what this country needs
is is really less education and
particularly less higher education what
this country needs is fewer scientists
and less of an emphasis on on science
that's not the way back that's not the
way forward it never has been for the
country and it can't be now now that's
just what I think again I'm not telling
you I'm not even suggesting to you what
you should think but in all of it maybe
there are a few points to ponder I hope
so
