the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below recently
Donald Trump said something that didn't
make any sense now to be fair he
regularly says things that don't make
any sense but this time he was referring
to additional tax cuts for the middle
class now Donald Trump announced that
Republicans were poised to pass a new
round of tax cuts targeted the middle
class with a plan to get them done
sometime just prior I would say to
November that was his statement so he's
saying that he's gonna cut taxes for the
middle class right before the midterm
elections and that didn't make any sense
in fact a spokesperson for the House
Ways and Means Committee deferred to the
White House on specifics on a new tax
proposal the White House in turn did not
respond to requests for clarification in
other words everyone who Trump works
with was like uh wait what No go talk to
that person I have no idea what you're
talking about when reporters wanted to
know now Daniel Dale with the Toronto
Star had an opportunity to ask Trump to
clarify and elaborate on this and so the
reporter asked him you said lower tax
cuts you said that you wanted tax cuts
by November 1st Congress isn't even in
session how is that possible
and Trump said no we're going to be
passing no no we're putting in a
resolution sometime in the next week or
week and a half two weeks okay so the
reporter said a resolution where and
Trump said we're going to put it in
we're giving a middle income tax
reduction of about ten percent we're
doing it now for the middle income
people this is not for business this is
for middle that's on top of the tax
decrease that we've already given them
okay so the reporter further you know
pushes this issue are you signing an
executive order for that because again
Congress is not in session until after
the midterms Trump said no no no I'm
going through Congress and the reporter
says but Congress is it in session
though and Trump said we don't have time
to do the vote will do the vote later
reporters reporters said Congress is out
repeating himself again and then Trump
finally says we'll do the vote after the
election see this is what I'm talking
about which Trump do you believe so I I
don't understand how his voters can say
he's not lying he I say this all the
time he does it in the middle of a
paragraph so there's like a deathly by
November we're gonna do it by November
it's gonna be a strong vote by November
they're like what this Congress is not
in session
okay fine a week a week and a half two
weeks they're like but no there's still
not a session obviously after the
election after the election it reminds
me of Hurricane Maria during that he
went down to Puerto Rico and he says
we're gonna cancel the debts and of
course everyone's cheering then his
handlers have to come up and reassure
everyone that no Wall Street we have
your back it's not actually gonna happen
it's just like I forgot about that he's
just announces things and says he's
gonna do things without talking to
anyone you might want to talk to
Republican leadership in the house in
the Senate hey can you guys do this new
10% tax cut for middle didn't bother
talking about he's like because his
whole life all he's ever done is make up
things and no one ever called him out on
it
he doesn't get that he's now the
president we all hear him and we think
we hear him like when he runs a small
business like his company is he's like
okay you go do this and I like yeah that
doesn't make it he says he's changes his
mind he's like okay I met dad they're
like yes sir of course sir right and
nobody challenges him now we're like hey
knucklehead
you're you're on tape we just heard you
say before the election and two
sentences later to say after the
election guys we have a kid when they're
caught not having done the homework or
what like it's a good The Simpsons
episode when Bart doesn't read Treasure
Island they're like what's the book
about and he just to give a book report
he's like it's about a pirate sea and
that's every one of trumps things that's
kind of moving online he won't admit
that he made it up yeah see like the
water is uh very wet totally Bart says
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
