so Donald Trump probably promised during
the campaign that he would fight the
opioid crisis and then he declared it a
national emergency as president and what
has he done to fight the crisis well
very very little so far including
greatly defunding the programming that's
involved I'll get to that at the very
end to give you a sense of how
substantive this story is and how real
it is well one of the things that he did
was he appointed a drug someone to the
drug policy office that is now at a very
senior position let's find out who he is
a 24-year old
appointed to a top position in the White
House drug policy office has come under
scrutiny in recent days for a scanty
resume and lack of qualifications of
post reports now his name is Wayne as'
and we're gonna go to the Washington
Post now because they have an
explanation of his background now but
before we do look he's incredibly young
he's 24 years old in fact when he
originally came to the White House he
was 23 years old but maybe he's one of
those kids who was a genius and he
graduated from high school early in
college really early he already has a
wealth of experience and in some and so
hence having this 24 year old whiz kid
in the White House might do some good in
tackling the opioid crisis let's find
out if that's the case so we go to the
Washington Post's lan√∫s only
professional experience after college
and before becoming an appointee was
working on the Trump campaign and
transition oh so no was good no amazing
stories from college early graduation
knew how about a world of experience
nope no experience none his only
experience is working for Trump okay
it's gonna get way worse well they said
no to be fair when he was in college he
was working with one particular law firm
okay well let's go find out about that
while in college late in 2014 and early
Taylor Weymouth began working as a legal
assistant at the New York firm O'Dwyer
and Bernstein he was discharged in
August of 2015
partner Brian O'Dwyer said in an
interview
so the one thing he had while still
attending school he was fired from oh
boy all right let's find out why in a
resume initially submitted to the
government Weymouth said he worked at
the firm until April 2016 when an FBI
official called as part of a background
check in January 2017 the firm said that
he had left eight months earlier than
the resume indicated O'Dwyer the partner
involved said okay now look if we're
nitpicking some guys resume who's got 12
years of experience 24 years of
experience and he didn't work for as
long as he said he did in one particular
job come on come on get past it right so
but it's not that one the guy has no
experience - he was lying about this
part of his resume we'll see if there's
other parts of the resume that he had
issues was three the only job he could
point to his any experience fired him so
let's stay there for a second so you go
to Brian or Dwyer so what happened there
he says quote we were very disappointed
in what happened
he said Weymouth just didn't show his
only work experience he got fired for
not showing up Donald Trump's like oh
I'd like to destroy the White House
Office on drug policy so just like I'm
doing with every department the guy who
sued the EPA 14 times and wants to
destroy it
I'm gonna make him the head of the EPA
the guy who once said the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau was quote a
sick sad joke that he'd like to destroy
we'll make him the head of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau Department
of Energy Rick Perry wanted to get rid
of it made him the head of the
Department of Energy in this case drug
policy and awkward abuse it's like I
don't care it doesn't affect me it
doesn't affect any of my donors I do
what my donors tell me my donors are not
interested in this so what am I gonna do
I'm gonna get take a 23 year old kid
make him the deputy head of this
organization a huge role with no
experience why his main qualification is
he doesn't show up to things he's like
perfect it's not the bug that's the
feature let's go to other parts of the
resume one because he gives you a fuller
picture but two because it's comical
Wayne if left unchanged
of his resume that indicated that he had
a master's degree from Fordham
University though a university official
told the Post he has not finished his
coursework so I actually was too kind to
him in my original summation he didn't
even finish college bunch of absolute
clowns yeah I mean are you surprised you
showed up to the circus and what are
they
what's the tent filled with clowns of
course and the Ringmaster's Trump more
on his resumes Wyeth revised dates
relating to job assignments and he cut
the number of hours he claimed he had
volunteered at a monastery in Queens
while at st. John's from 275 to 150 a
third resume provided by the White House
does not mention volunteer work at the
monastery in other words there ain't no
monastery the monastery exists but he
didn't go yet another job he didn't show
up for hey and he put it on there 275
hours oh they caught me 150 hours oh
they caught me even worse okay fine I
never went trumps like stove top you're
staying if you don't show up for work
Donald Trump will hire you because their
aim is to destroy government and
anything it does to actually help
American citizens so to come back to the
policy point here in fact the Trump
administration is allegedly planning to
slash ONDCP that's the drug policy
budget here by 95 percent as reported by
Politico we did that story for you at
the end of last week even Republicans
including capito and and and those from
Ohio from West Virginia and Ohio
including Portman coming out going no
don't take away ninety five percent of
that budget we need that people are
dying out here opioid deaths are now one
of the leading cause of deaths in
America and you said in the campaign
that you would do something about it you
declared a national emergency and he's
done nothing but hire a bunch of idiot
kids whose main qualification is that
they don't show up to work you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become
a member tea white tea network.com slash
join
