a trump appointee has just resigned
following an investigation into comments
that he made in his radio program his
internet radio program now his name is
Karl Higby and he was appointed to be
part of the Corporation for National and
Community Service that is actually a
government entity that oversees programs
like AmeriCorps and other governmental
programs that help with disadvantaged
individuals with education so it's an
important role within the government but
CNN did an excellent investigation into
some of the statements that he made back
in 2003 and 2013 and 2014 and it was a
doozy was a doozy to say the least so
let me give you the details on that now
Carl Higby while recounting a time that
he placed an advertisement to give away
free firewood said the black race had
quote lacks morals he added that black
women think breeding is a form of
government employment he also elaborated
on this a little bit
he said one person was actually cordial
to me every other black person was rude
they wanted me to either load the would
completely split it for them or some
sort of you know assistance in labor and
I believe that this translates directly
into the culture that is breeding this
welfare and the high percentage of
people on welfare in the black race it's
a laxed morality well look among the
different issues I have with him is
grammar I know it's the last of the
issues but it's a lack of morality this
guy is a government official and I'd
like to know much more importantly that
he's a government official whose job is
to direct the public image and messaging
for the department that he's in right so
he some would argue he wasn't the right
fit for that role which is why he has
decided to resign following the
re-emergence of some of his statements
now we have audio of some of the things
that he said I read you some of his
quotes in regard to black people but he
is an equal opportunity hater he has
gone after the LG
see community he's gone after Muslims
he's gone after pretty much everyone and
he also thinks it's totally acceptable
to shoot undocumented immigrants as they
attempt to cross the border into the
United States but let's go ahead and
listen to his comments about Muslims go
back to your Muslim shithole and go crap
in your hand and bang little boys on
Thursday nights I just don't like Muslim
people people always rip me a new one
for that that I Carl you're racist you
can't you're sexist you're fat I'm like
Jesus Christ I just don't like Muslim
people because their ideology sucks
people are like what you can't hate
somebody just for being Muslim it's like
yeah I can do you hate people who rape
little boys
well they say of course they're just
terrible people well yeah well a month
most Muslims believe that you know to
have sex with men it's okay which I
don't like it all but second off it's
the ideology of a child molester the
ideology of a Muslim is what I don't
like
they're screwed up in the head and it
makes pisses me off I just I just wish
like the far-right would get their
stories like at least be consistent
because on one hand they'll go after
Muslims because of what they do to gay
people and then they'll turn around like
this guy
talking about how they're in favor of
having Psych men and having sex with
other men I mean get your story straight
like you guys need to be a little
consistent with your propaganda and it's
not like he's such a big fan of gay
people either he has in just as he
collated being a Muslim with raping
little boys he did the same thing for
gay people and talked about how people
who are gay are more likely to rape
little boys so it's like yeah you know
so that's the thing with right-wingers
they pretend to be concerned about some
groups of people when they're just all
you have to do is wait a couple of
minutes for them to turn around and hate
those people too like oh yeah yeah oh I
don't like Muslims cuz they discriminate
against gays but the kids are the worst
right so I mean this guy and he said
both things right so an Ana you're right
you know how many times have you heard
right-wingers talk about oh no the only
would that hey no it's not that I'm
bigoted against Muslims it's just
they're throwing gay people off of
rooftops and you know
if you are real liberal you know don't
you hate the way that Muslims treat gay
people if you're talking about
fundamentalist right-wing Muslims yes I
hate the way they treat gay people
that's true that's their right-wing
that's their fundamentalist that's their
Looney Tunes like this guy right and hey
birds of a feather okay when you are
Looney Tunes also eight gay people right
and they also hate Muslims why the
connecting fiber is hate right and also
again it's not like he has this you know
obsession with only hating one group of
people he seems to hate everyone I mean
it was amazing how many you know video
snippets CNN was able to find of him
hating on several different groups of
people and what I noticed in all of
these statements was this consistent
theme of utter ignorance I mean okay so
what he said there about Muslims being
in favor of men sleeping with men
obviously that's not true and then he
says this about African Americans which
I found fascinating the whole African
American thing gets me whipped up
because it's like 99% and I'm
paraphrasing here of people who write
down African American have never been to
Africa but that okay I'm Armenian
American I've never been to Armenia
saying that I'm Armenian American means
my background is Armenian that doesn't
mean I've been to Armenia I mean it's
it's just this like weird ignorant that
he has and why does that get under your
skin why does it bother you that they
refer to themselves as African Americans
you I mean what would you like to refer
to them as yeah that's another good
question or I don't want to know but you
know why they called African Americans
because they came from Africa and you
know how they came from Africa right
okay so but he doesn't care about any of
that
and and it's funny I wrote down this
like I don't know you guys might have
seen me take now note the one word I
wrote was ignorant
yeah because sure it's super easy to
call him bigoted and racist and he is
all those things by the way we'll get to
his apology because he did apologize but
but to me the more important part was
the ignorance like majority of Muslim
men want to have sex with other men like
what where's that poll cover
I'm feel like I'm a broken record
sometimes but the one thing I can't
stand are people who just get their
facts wrong and you know this is why we
have science but it seems like that a
lot of Trump era Trump type politicians
their main point is that they just don't
care what the facts say this guy didn't
misinterpret a study he just made things
up because they aligned with what his
opinion was is he's done the same thing
about PTSD so not a particular group but
he went after he's a former Navy SEAL
and he decided that it would be a great
idea to go after you know fellow members
of the military that are suffering from
PTSD he said that their weak-minded know
they've seen some of the worst violence
imaginable they might have even
experienced their own friends and peers
get killed in front of them they're in
the line of battle they're seeing the
worst things and you have the audacity
to say that they're weak-minded I mean
it's it's ridiculous there's one other
video that I really want to get to
because this this is what he had to say
about people trying to cross the border
and what he would like to do to them
this is really difficult to listen to so
I want to give you a warning but with
that said take a listen what's so wrong
with wanting to put up a fence and
saying hey everybody with a gun if you
want to go shoot people coming across
our border illegally you can do it so
free and you can do it on your own and
you'll be under the command of a you
know National Guard unit or a border
patrol you I think
stick offense six feet high what signs
on it in both English and Spanish says
you cross this border is this is the
American border you cross it we're gonna
shoot you you crossed my border I will
shoot you in the face I will go down
there I'll volunteer to go down there
and stand that border for I don't know a
week or so at a time and it'll be my my
civil duty I'll volunteer to do it yeah
it's if you are crossing the book if you
jump a fence in the vicinity of the
American border guess what you
regardless of how dumb you are you know
exactly what you are doing and you know
you're breaking the law that's why
you're doing it probably at night where
nobody's looking so if you start putting
that out there say oh man those
Americans are shooting us when we jump
over the border illegally
okay let's not do it anymore that that
was embarrassing
honestly not really no way yeah yeah
so look but to a lot of the folks not
just him but the people listening to
that whatever that radio station was or
internet station they're like yeah yeah
yeah
but I think they're but they're human
beings guys then why are they coming
here because they're really rich and got
it and they they have all the power no
there they are gonna come here they're
gonna work their ass off and usually in
farms were the hardest jobs in the world
so that you send money back their family
because they really really want their
kids to be able to eat and have a chance
at cetera and so I mean if they were
like people coming to rob your bank or
house or grocery store and you had this
whole thing and then most of them did
that I don't know maybe you could
conjure a scenario where you will hate
them so much that you'd want to shoot
them in the head and execute them but
that's not the scenario they're like the
Irish she can't came over the during the
potato famine and the Italians and you
name it right people who were desperate
to come why did they you know we talked
about the stories of the ship that tried
to land during the Holocaust it was
filled with Jews and we turned it back
now those people they didn't come here
because they were in great shape they
came here because they were running from
the Holocaust right but so people who
were desperate cross the border in the
middle of the night a lot of them
hundreds of them as die of thirst that I
have the conditions out there they found
593 bodies at one point and they went
through all that for their family and
you'd like to murder them yeah I don't
so I worry about decency and anything
you know Lucia is long gone
in this country it just is it just is
and you know these are radio shows that
he did back in 2013 and 2014 so this is
before Trump was even really a serious
thought as a as a presidential candidate
and this kind of rhetoric has been going
on and we've you know I what this
revealed to me more than anything
is at that time we were kind of living
in this bubble where we thought oh you
know yes racism discrimination all that
exists but it's covert it's not out
there you know people try to you know
hide it but no it was out there we were
just completely unaware of it I mean he
felt and bold enough to say those things
and then when he got a little bit of
backlash he was incredibly defiant Oh
people think that I'm being too harsh
but yeah I I hate this group of people
and I hate that group of people then he
gets appointed by Trump oh what a
shocker someone like Trump would appoint
someone like him and then he decides to
resign after there's some backlash in
regard to what he had said in the past
so I do want to read his his apology
before you get that one last thing if
you think I'll ban there he goes those
lips call him races again he said you
know they were like well you're racist I
was like fine if that's the definition
of it then I guess I am right he doesn't
deny time back then and so of the 330
million people in the country that you
could have found to do this job and this
job by the way goes to helping some of
economically disadvantaged communities
all across the country irrespective of
race etc and and helps with volunteers
like AmeriCorps it's a really important
job and his job is public messaging for
those of all the people in the country
this is the guy you chose for that job
it gives you a mindset that's more
important about the Trump administration
than it is about this one guy now is
apology I'm sorry I'm not sorry that my
words were published I am sorry that I
said them in 2013 those words do not
reflect who I am or what I stand for I
regret saying them last night I informed
the White House that I was resigning so
as not to distract from POTUS 'as many
successes hashtag no excuses no no as
usual bad grammar many success but
anyway overall though it is a good
apology I don't know if it was PR person
at the department who wrote it for him
but let's give him the benefit of the
doubt that was a solid apology with not
because I got caught but because I said
them and I shouldn't have said them and
I should that's probably the most
shocking part of the whole story yeah
not that this guy said all of these
horrible racist sexist and
Muslim anti-lgbt things not that he was
appointed under the trump presidency but
that he then chose to resign because if
when Donald Trump says these sort of
things we seem to accept that so the
fact that they're at someone's actually
had the decency to recognize that what
they did is wrong and then resign for it
I'm surprised to be honest ya know like
I said I think it was a if he has
actually learned from it and that's a
giant if you'd have to have a fuller
conversation about it and maybe if you
brought him on he might say hey look and
I was a knucklehead
now look was a couple years ago wasn't a
long time ago it was 2013 and 2014 I
don't know why he would add that
transformation but maybe he did it and
he says I should have never said them so
instead of the tough guy on the radio
look I don't care what people say I
wouldn't be raised and it's gonna be
awesome
he says no excuses here but Jayde is
right I think the most salient point is
he said bad things about Muslims and
he's God Trump he's trying to block
Muslims from coming into the country
it's ditto on immigrants etc so yeah I
that guy should not be working at that
job that is certainly true but Trump
also shouldn't be working at his job and
he actually controls policy if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
