former Olympic dr. Larry Nasser is
currently in the middle of sentencing
hearings in regard to the countless
cases of sexual assault that he's been
accused of and found guilty of now Larry
Nasser if you can recall had molested
Olympic gymnast many of which were girls
underage girls and during these hearings
uh former Olympians are coming and
testifying about what they experienced
as a result of his predatory behavior
and Ali Reisman honestly was one of the
more everyone was so courageous in what
they were saying and you know standing
up to him and really speaking the truth
about what they experienced but Ali
Reisman her her words were so powerful
and so strong and I really wanted to
share it with all of you and it wasn't
just directed at Larry Nasser her
criticism was also directed at USA at
the USA Olympic Committee and USA
Gymnastics for putting him on a pedestal
and putting him in a position where he
could create policies and implement
policies that eventually ended up
hurting these girls instead of helping
them now without further ado let's hear
from Ali Reisman as she confronts Larry
Nasser in the courtroom I am here to
face you Larry so you can see I've
regained my strength that I'm no longer
a victim I'm a survivor I am no longer
that little girl you met in Australia
where you first began grooming and
manipulating as for your letter
yesterday you are pathetic to think that
anyone would have any sympathy for you
you think this is hard for you imagine
how all of us feel
imagine how it feels to be an innocent
teenager in a foreign country hearing a
knock on the door and it's you I don't
want you to be there but I don't have a
choice
treatments with you were mandatory you
took advantage of that you even told on
us if we didn't want to be treated by
you knowing full well the troubles that
would cause for us lying on my stomach
with you on my bed insisting that your
inappropriate touch would help to heal
my pain
the reality is you caused me a great
deal of physical mental and emotional
pain you never healed me you took
advantage of our passions and our dreams
you made me uncomfortable
and I thought you were weird but I felt
guilty because you were a doctor so I
assumed I was the problem for thinking
badly of you I wouldn't allow myself to
believe that the problem with you from
the time we were little we are taught we
are taught to trust doctors you are so
sick I can't even comprehend how angry I
feel when I think of you so Nasser has
already been sentenced to 60 years in
prison on federal child pornography
charges and in the beginning of the
statement that you just heard she talked
about how oh you think this is hard for
you and she was responding to Larry
Nasser saying that he couldn't handle
these testimonies anymore that it was
torture it was very difficult for him to
hear at all which is laughable he
deserves every single one of those women
going up there and speaking their minds
also as a Friday morning this morning
120 women were scheduled to speak at
Nasser's sentencing hearing in Michigan
you did say it was countless number
callous amounts of people coming up but
I wanted you to say that number is 120
people are going to test a 520 women are
going to testify at the sentencing
hearing
he's already pled guilty to 10 counts of
first-degree Kim criminal sexual conduct
and as you said 60 is already in prison
so there are real numbers here and real
people behind all of these allegations
it's not just this one guy
doing bad things these are 120 lives
that he's potentially ruined but I think
the real question in this story the real
thing is not just that one guy did bad
things but that I was a system was built
that allowed him not only to get away
with it but to be put in positions where
he was going to have ongoing influence
over not just his role but other
people's roles to open the door for
other people to have this influence USA
Gymnastics and the u.s. Olympic
Committee haven't even acknowledged that
the problem exists so it's not just one
guy it's an entire system that's been
built to allow this to happen so one
more number they're asking for an extra
125 years for him you know obviously
he's gonna spend the rest of his life in
jail he but that's the thing with guys
like this they have no empathy so he
thinks well why do I have to listen to
all these women I briefly worked in a
prosecutor's office
I love the justice of 120 women coming
up and confronting him and saying we're
not we're not gonna take it anymore and
you should you know get what you deserve
which is justice in this case and I
think that the stories are powerful so
I'm just gonna end on two quotes here
chelsey service as a 15 year old gymnast
she was molested when she was 12 years
old and she said every time she went to
practice she would feel terrible because
he was there and she was so nervous I've
had tiny interactions with people who
like are manipulative etcetera and I
don't want to deal with them and I get
like stressed about it I mean it now
imagine a billion times worse with
someone who is molesting you you're 12
years old and you see them and she said
quote I felt like I couldn't breathe and
I trembled in fear and and to do this to
to all these different young girls and
and to know that he had the power to get
away with it because of the system and
finally Olympic gold medalist Jordan
Weber said even though I am a victim I
won't live my life as one I'm an
Olympian so people standing up and
taking charge and making sure that
justice carried out so hey at least the
one piece of good news here is the
system worked in this one case and
and will and he'll never see the light
of day again if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
