thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt there's been
some confusion involving the FBI
investigation into the allegations
against Brett Kavanaugh the White House
was pretty clear in saying that they
wanted to limit the scope of the
investigation but following an NBC
report that really delved into how
limited the investigation would be Trump
denied that he was trying to limit it at
all in fact he disputed the NBC report
but the White House counsel's office
provided the FBI with a list of
witnesses they are permitted to
interview about two of the three claims
made against Brett Kavanaugh now that
was the news as of this morning so Julie
sweat Nick who was the third accuser was
not included on that list Dianne
Feinstein was fighting rather
aggressively in order to obtain that
list of people that the FBI was allowed
to speak to based on what the White
House said and then all of a sudden
Trump is now changing his tune and he's
saying that he will allow for the
expansion of this FBI investigation so
this just recently broke he said I think
the FBI should do what they have to do
to get the answer he also said now with
that being said I'd like it to go
quickly
and the reason I'd like it to go quickly
very simple so simple because it's
unfair to Cavanaugh at this point so no
one is trying to change the one week
time frame but based on what we were
learning as of this morning it seemed as
though the FBI was only allowed to talk
to four individuals and that is not
enough there are a bunch of other
witnesses who could provide information
to the FBI
Julie sweat Nick should be someone who
the FBI speaks to as well now it appears
that that will likely happen given the
pressure on the Trump administration
yeah so two things here first off let's
acknowledge the obvious the
the investigation was limited in scope
in the beginning it is now apparently
less limited which is an admission that
it was originally limited you can't if
it was unlimited to be in with the a new
policy would not be necessary so that's
a fact
and so the question as to how limited it
was there's a good question you know
there's some reports out that it was
limited to just four people which is a
joke and obviously that that doesn't do
enough but there's one other thing that
people are not considering though when
we talk about the scope of the FBI
investigation and the timing of it so
they have a week the question is how
much manpower do they have I've seen
that discussion almost nowhere right so
if you have a week and you got two guys
chasing it down you'll get nothing if
you have 20 guys chasing it down you
might get something if you've got 200
guys chasing it down and week might be
plenty so I don't know the answer to
that question it's one that I think
should be asked but no one is asking and
then we get to sweat Nick which is point
two here so she has super significant
charges not
I mean if attempted rape wasn't horrific
enough for you she alleges gang rape
involving Kavanagh and his friend Mark
judge that they were part of a group of
guys who would spike people's drinks and
then quote unquote train them if you've
never heard of that term it is many men
taking turns on one woman I remember
seeing that at pop culture of thinking
well that it was a myth that it that
never really happened and then I
remember naively thinking man if it ever
did happen man is funny what people are
into no idiot no they weren't into it
the way that it happens is that they are
there their drinks are spiked that's
senator unconscious in some way of
course of course but if you've never
done that type of thing I want it
wouldn't even occur to a decent person
what in the world that that would entail
but the reason I bring it up in this
context is if it really is outrageous
says Cavanaugh and Trump's suggest
wouldn't you want the FBI investigating
that to be able to disprove it and get
an easy layup my god that would help
your case so much all you to do
realistically for Cavanaugh
if the FBI says Ramirez or sweat Nick or
anyone is does not had problems with
their stories in any way shape or form
they could easily come up like I said we
told you we told you right
so the fact that they don't want people
looking into sweat Nick and that's weird
well there are two issues here so of
course the number one issue that's front
and center includes the allegations the
sexual assault allegations against
Kavanaugh but there are also issues in
terms of his testimony because he is
being accused of lying about a number of
things including his drinking when he
was in high school in college so
previously the FBI was not allowed to
talk to any of his former classmates who
argued that he lied about his drinking
habits and I thought that that was
fascinating look Republicans have been
basically pressured and forced into this
investigation they've been trying to
prevent the investigation from happening
and I think that means something because
if you genuinely think that the person
you're trying to confirm as a Supreme
Court justice is innocent and this is
nothing more than a smear campaign
that's being launched by the Democrats
you would want the investigation and I
understand wanting to limit the timing
of the investigation because they're
very much concerned that hey if it's a
if it takes too long we might lose power
in the Senate and then we're gonna deal
with obstruction from Democrats when it
comes to Supreme Court nominees but in
this case why did they try to limit it
to only four witnesses why did they have
to get pressured and forced into the
investigation even after Democrats told
them all right we're gonna limit the
timing of it to one week they think he's
guilty that's my perception of it
because if you genuinely think that he's
innocent
you wouldn't have to be forced the way
that Republicans have been forced yeah
but let me break it down to two
different categories I get why they want
to live in scope in some respects so
what they want to say is hey I don't
want you to go into perjury issues
because then Cavanaugh is in a lot of
trouble so as we've explained on a
number of occasions he perjured himself
earlier in the judicial hearings on a
couple of cases including his handling
of Charles Pickering when he was at the
Bush White House at Manuel Miranda a
situation so they're saying let's not go
back and relitigate that but also very
importantly Cavanaugh is clearly lying
about how much he drank and and the
effects of that had in college and as we
have said repeatedly sheldon whitehouse
pointed out his descriptions of what
what he wrote in his yearbook meant are
obvious lies everyone in the country
knows that those are lies so the Trump
people are saying don't look into those
I don't want to get into perjury we just
want to look into the sexual assault
allegations I understand their
motivation right and so okay that's one
thing when you look into the sexual
assault allegations
you cannot limit the scope there I think
and again say here let me give me an
extreme example to give you a sense of
why I wouldn't want to scope limited if
I was the one that was charged so I'm
gonna give a preposterous example here
if someone accused me of being a jockey
as in the guys who ride horses around
for a living I would say no that's
outrageous I've never done that and if
you want to get into an investigation of
that and there are several different
charges and you want to get into whether
I ever wrote a horse okay well I can see
how you'd be concerned maybe they twist
that and say hey does that lead to but I
will never got paid you know this is
getting crazy enough as it is but I let
me get to the extreme part T so that
it's crystal clear if one of the three
accusations is that I used to ride
unicorns I would say please please
investigate that because whether I'm
guilty or not guilty or whatever insane
charge in this example right
I know I didn't ride unicorns I know
they're gonna be able to disprove that
pretty easily so whether I'm correct or
not on the rest of it I would want them
to look into the unicorn thing because
it would disprove the charges so
Cavanagh etcetera should be like look at
sweating look at sweat Nick I mean the
gang rape are you insane
are you insane look into her eyes
there's no way that's gonna hold right
don't do it and those are the most
serious allegations
I mean look that they're all horrible
don't get me wrong but none of the
allegations with the exception of Julie
sweat Nix involved penetration actual
like physical penetration rape right and
so why is it that that was the one
accusation that or one accuser that they
did not want to have the FBI look into
uh look I like that they got pressured
into expanding the FBI investigation I
like that
for once Democrats are doing the right
thing and they are fighting aggressively
the fact that Dianne Feinstein was
really raising the alarm or the yeah
raising the alarm regarding that that
list that the White House gave to the
FBI I don't think we would have really
known about it we wouldn't be as aware
of it and so I think that the Democrats
putting pressure on Senate Republicans
and Trump's White House is really making
an impact here and by the way for me I
don't if he gets cleared good good at
least we know hey if he gets confirmed
he he's not guilty of doing this right
based on what the FBI investigated and
what they found or didn't find but this
investigation needs to happen to either
clear his name or find out that he did
it and has no place in the Supreme Court
James Comey wrote an op-ed saying here's
what we know at the FBI little lies are
usually an indication that there are
bigger locks and Kavanaugh told a lot of
little lies and so if the FBI looks at
does is not allowed to investigate
perjury and those little lies like
ralphing because of drinking not because
of spicy fish or whatever he claimed be
a spicy food and and and The Devil's
Triangle is not a drinking game etc
right I get it they're not gonna keep
them off the Supreme Court for that for
those lies
although perjuries perjury and Cavanaugh
wanted to impeach Bill Clinton based on
perjury just like that but
if it in fact does lead to bigger lies
that that's the heart of the question
and if I'm an FBI agent I come in
thinking well everybody in the country
knows you were lying about what you
wrote in the yearbook so now I'm curious
to see what else you were lying about
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
