we're just hours away from a potential
government shutdown and the big
development in terms of the negotiations
around trying to get continuing funding
for the government so far today was a
meeting between Donald Trump and Senator
Chuck Schumer that happened earlier
today it was apparently just those
individuals and some aides and things
like that it wasn't one of these big
meetings where there's Republicans and
Democrats there it's a more intimate
meeting which can be scary when Trump is
a part of them intimate meeting but
anyway it was possible at that meeting
that some sort of deal could emerge that
would continue to fund the government
while also addressing some of the issues
that were focused on right now like
dealing with chip funding and also some
sort of legislative fix for daca it
doesn't really look like that actually
happened though now Chuck Schumer had
this to say he said we had a long and
detailed meeting we discussed all the
major outstanding issues we need some
progress but we still have a good number
of disagreements the discussions will
continue and the clock will keep ticking
by the way Trump tweeted that there was
some positive you know action and stuff
like that but he's also been tweeting
all day that the Democrats wanted to
fund the government so that illegal
immigrants can steal your job or
something like that and another White
House official who was at the meeting
said that it was cordial but that a
lengthy list of obstacles still remains
and there's less and less time for any
sort of length lengthy list to be dealt
with so this is relatively easy actually
if you ask me and because I know the
Democrats nature the problem is the
Republicans in Trump so it's not a
political statement I actually blame the
Democrats a lot in this case not for the
shutdown because they're not fighting
hard enough all right so let me get to
it what does a deal look like okay they
approve the budget they put chip back in
that's the children's health insurance
okay now the problems just took it
hostage in September it was always
approved there was never an issue
everyone agrees it should be done it's
overwhelmingly popular there even the
Republicans agree right but they're like
ah we're not gonna fund it because we
like taking hostages because we know
that in when it comes to January we'll
say oh we'll give your chip back we'll
give you your kids back after you give
us everything we want in the budget now
the other thing that needs to be
included so that's easy that's why
Republicans took that house
in the first place right other part of
it is the DREAM Act so that has 70 to 80
percent approval rating in the country
there's a lot of Republicans who are in
favorite not most but enough to get
passage all the Democrats are in favor
of it Trump claims to be in favor of it
and and so overwhelmingly popular now
Trump wants a little bit of money for
the wall I hate that I can't stand that
but I know the Democrats they'll say yes
to that in a second okay and wallah
that's true deal it's not that hard so
what's blocking it Trump's like okay
I'll do a clean chip I'll do a clean
daca no you guys are terrible he's an
idiot he's a total moron on chip the
Republicans took that hostage and played
politics well even though they're
disgusting and Trump didn't realize it
any tweeted something yesterday that
blow up the whole deal like wait why
isn't this just past on its own yeah
great so stupid right so that's
literally what happened and and so and
the Republicans are always like oh I
never they never want to give the
Democrats anything so this deal is
actually super easy but but right now
they still don't have it because they're
all there are obstinate people in
Washington they are definitely not named
Democrats
I wish Democrats would be more obstinate
I mean there's a lot to say about this I
think it's important to remember how we
got duck on the first place and that's
2006 the immigrants rights movement
there are millions of people in the
street you know pushing back with bushes
racist policies and when Obama got
elected it was in large part the
sweeping majority was in large part
through the Latino community six years
into his presidency it took him six
years to give them what they wanted and
that was just this cursory executive
order and here we are I mean there was
nothing really permanent in place and
it's just because of it was just
basically basically a acquiescence to
the voting bloc because that's all they
really care about as a voting bloc so I
see this is kind of arbitrary
considering the Democrats have lined up
behind mass surveillance endless war and
giving Trump whatever he wants so what
the hell really is this about it seems
very superficial to me yeah look I I
think that the Democrats and Republicans
had done their usual strategies not
talked about and they don't have to say
where Republicans demand everything
Democrats demand not demand asks for one
thing okay and because the budget has
everything in it plus they took chip as
hostage right so and they were gonna
play that usual Kabuki theater where the
Republicans say we want it in Democrats
card there's nothing we can do until
Trump came in and going hey what's going
on here what are we doing okay duck a
chip holes blew the whole thing up
so look they're gonna get probably back
to regular order any second now and
they're gonna shut Trump up and the
establishments gonna win again and
you'll have some cosmetic changes but
all but 99% right-wing policies will
continue on abated see this your
protects predicting that today they will
actually have a deal know of what here's
my fun prediction having nothing to do
with policy so tonight Donald Trump has
a celebration of his first year in
office ok this is anniversary it's at
mar-a-lago but they're trying to pretend
that Trump cares so much about the
government shutdown that he will not go
tomorrow Lago okay but there's all sorts
of rich people going and it's driving
him crazy
oh yeah yeah Steve Wynn is is heading
there event and he's an actual
billionaire and he's actually been
successful with casinos which actually
is not that hard
unless you're Donald Trump so you know
people actually give you money at a
casino I just walk in and give you their
money from like only hotel in in Las
Vegas that doesn't have an actual casino
because they like iced him out of this
strip so he's just in this weird parking
lot you don't like partly because he
proved in Atlantic City
he's the only person in the world cannot
run a casino the house always wins
Donald Trump so but he's dying to go
down there so either he's gonna make the
deal to like like okay okay what do I
decide I don't doctor chef who cares I
don't even get chocolate chips you get
it right whatever right I gotta go to
borrow Steve Wynn's waiting for me he's
actually rich right or all that stuff
that he sent all of his guys to talk
about in the press room today all job
Donald Trump cares so much he's not
going uh even if it's the
he's gonna go yeah that's my prediction
yeah I just don't think we should give
Democrats the whole oh you're you really
care about daca considering it's the
millions of people who are pushing this
legislation in the first place so I just
I'm so disgusted with this this
resistance this make resistance going on
mm-hmm
I was disgusted when I saw a tweet from
Mitch McConnell which didn't like sort
of imply that they were trying to force
the Democrats to choose between funding
for health insurance for low-income
children or for the dreamers that
literally had a picture that had both
and said see which one they choose yes
gun to your head yeah yeah oh and by the
way just a reminder cuz I said that I'm
always gonna do this funding chip each
year would cost less than 1% of the tax
cuts we just gave to millionaires and
billionaires on the other hand do they
really deserve it they're little kids
who are sick the other guys are the
richest people in the world
no you seem to have some weird
priorities John take caring about the
sick kids well we've got billionaires to
take care of you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
