white nationalist organizations in the
United States have experienced a surge
in activity and influence in recent
years while one can argue that this is
partly due to the rise of Donald Trump
it's obviously not the full explanation
Trump may have emboldened people to be
brazen in their bigoted rhetoric but how
have hateful ideologies become as
prominent and widespread as they are on
platforms like YouTube today first it's
important to take a step back and
realize just how crucial YouTube has
become as a source of news for you know
Millennials Gen Z basically young people
a 20-18 Pew Research study found that 73
percent of u.s. adults visit YouTube
with the percentage rising to a whopping
94% for 18 to 24 year olds unfortunately
white nationalists are working around
the clock to radicalize younger
generations and YouTube's algorithm has
proven to be a golden opportunity for
them the data and society research group
recently published a study that looks at
the connections that make up
right-leaning alternative influencer
networks part of the study maps out how
YouTube influencers appear on each
other's channels if you're listening to
the podcast or have trouble seeing this
chart just understand that differently
sized dots next to the influencers names
indicate the number of connections they
have to other influencers in the network
while the lines connecting the dots
illustrate those connections you might
notice familiar names like steven
crowder ben shapiro and dave rubin just
to name a few
ben shapiro got really salty about this
study arguing that he's being
mischaracterized because the chart links
him to avowed white nationalists Richard
Spencer now to be fair to Shapiro he's
clearly not the same as Richard Spencer
but the purpose of this study is not to
argue that Shapiro and Spencer have the
same ideology it just means that they
share a lot of mutual media buddies also
the data and the facts don't care about
Ben Shapiro's feelings now to reiterate
the purpose of the study isn't meant to
accuse Shapiro of having some sort of
racial bias sure he did weirdly throw a
temper tantrum because black people
happen to enjoy
the movie Black Panther and he does
argue that rap music is for stupid
people oh yeah then there was the time
when he argued that Arabs quote like to
bomb crap and live in open sewage but
luckily for Shapiro this study is not
all about that what this study does show
is how YouTube's algorithm pushes Ben
Shapiro's viewers toward extremist
content and here's how it works
Shapiro and Richard Spencer have both
appeared on a YouTube channel called
roaming millennial when Shapiro did his
interview YouTube's recommendation
algorithm put the interview in front of
Shapiro's audience which then help them
discover roaming Millennials Channel now
that's smart cross promotion but
YouTube's incentive is to recommend
additional videos that you'd likely want
to see so that you spend more time
viewing content on its platform makes
sense so if its algorithm sees that you
like ben shapiro and roaming millennial
youtube will then recommend videos with
similar tags and keywords it's likely
that a video featuring one of the two
and dave rubin will pop up in your
recommended videos and you might get
baited into watching Grubin conduct his
bobblehead method of interviewing
extremists that's right Dave just keep
nodding your head while your media
friends say they're living in sin or
that you're living in sin because you're
gay
in some cases YouTube will recommend a
video with roaming millennial and
Richard Spencer the noted white
nationalist Heil Trump Heil our people
hail victory
that specific channel features a
two-part interview where Spencer uses
terms like race realism and white ethno
state to rebrand old ideas that have
long been discredited for their lack of
scientific merit if a Shapiro fan
watches his interview with Roman
millennial and watches a related video
in a similar format where a blatant
white supremacist goes undisputed then
that grants Richard Spencer the same
legitimacy as Ben Shapiro and quite
honestly that's not really fair to
Shapiro while these influencers like
Reuben claim that letting people talk
unchallenged is about protecting free
speech real journalists strive not
always successfully to give the audience
a full picture so they aren't misled by
dangerous falsehoods that can perpetuate
hate and division that requires
challenging guests when there is a
significant evident when there is
significant evidence disproving racial
theories like Spencer's Dana Boyd the
founder of data and society recently
spoke about the effectiveness of the
tactics employed by Richard Spencer and
the like she said that media
manipulators have developed a strategy
with three parts that rely on how the
current media ecosystem is structured
one create a spectacle using social
media to get news media coverage to
frame the spectacle through unique
phrases that can drive new audiences and
new frames into search engines three
become a digital martyr in order to
radicalize others in Spencer's case his
outlandish racist rhetoric including
coded buzz phrases like race realism and
white ethno state went viral through
social media creating press attention
which then creates interest in the
phrases they use to rebrand ideas that
society had long ago rejected as Boyd
pointed out what's at stake is not
whether these organizations are
restricting discussions about
free-market economics or failing to
allow conservative perspectives to be
heard but what is at stake is how fringe
groups can pervert the logic of media to
spread conspirator
and hateful messages under their false
flag of conservatism when it comes to
Dave Rubin Boyd study highlighted how
his platform has served as a jumping-off
point for a number or a variety of
fringe figures from Lawrence Southern to
my la gianopolous Reuben has appeared in
four videos with a guy named Karl
Benjamin known on YouTube as sargon of
akkad just to give you an idea of what
kind of guy Benjamin is he's responded
to a British Member of Parliament who
spoke out about receiving graphic rape
threats by saying and I quote I wouldn't
even rape you hashtag feminism is cancer
classy
Reuben has done videos with him four
times because you know he just wants to
discuss big ideas so if you're a fan of
Reubens you'll come across Benjamin's
content and if you believe that the
right-wing and by extension all of these
influencers are supposedly under attack
by liberal social media executives you
might believe that the information they
give out is actually legitimate
Benjamin's conversation with Richard
Spencer where he used pseudo signs to
justified bigoted behavior and racism
was the highest viewed live stream on
YouTube the day the conversation
happened with 10,000 viewing live and
more than a half a million viewing after
the fact
Benjamin shared his platform and his
audience with Richard Spencer who was
quite happy with the results because of
the video's high viewership Spencer
subsequently dubbed the debate the unite
the right of YouTube likening its
significance to the March that took
place in Charlottesville Virginia in
August of 2017
Dave Reubens response to the study was
pretty hilarious mostly because he
freaked out about it before taking a
time to actually understand it after
boxes as reclined tweeted about the
study Rubin responded with want to
explain to me how gay married pro-choice
pro-pot against death penalty for
reforming prison drug sentencing is part
of the reactionary right now wait a
minute Dave I thought you hated identity
politics
maybe you shouldn't cite the fact that
you're gay at
opportunity if you honestly do feel that
way
conducting softball interviews with
these extremists where you literally
refuse to challenge anything they say
helps to legitimize them and their
agenda it doesn't matter whether you
share their beliefs but Rubin isn't
completely clueless I know it seems that
way
he's intentionally riding the coattails
of some while also boosting the
credibility of people who clearly think
he's some second-class citizen because
he's gay I mean just take a look at how
his friend Ben Shapiro responded when
Reuben asked if he'd go to an
anniversary party celebrating his gay
marriage if we were having an
anniversary party would you come if I
was inviting all the crew that we all
know and we was just an anniversary
party we're just having a party and and
I'll leave it throwing some kosher food
for you to make sure you don't have to
bring your own you know I said have to
think about it I'd have to think about
it in the same that's interesting to me
that's a different thing well it not
really because again it's if you're a
religious person again take it from the
religious perspective that from the
religious perspective the question is
are you glorifying something that you
think is sinful yeah so this is a party
for something that you think was
originally sinful can you participate in
that so from a religious point of view
that's an actual serious moral question
yeah when I got to dinner with you the
answer is yes right because that's not
actually like let's celebrate something
that I feel that you're doing is sinful
man that was painful to watch but for
those who argue that Dave is just open
to having a diversity of voices on his
show keep in mind that he won't speak to
people who might challenge him from the
left Sam cedar has expressed interest in
having a discussion with Reuben but he
just won't do it and guess what I even
offered to debate big ideas with him at
politican he said no which is
interesting coming from someone who
loves to just let other people speak
even if he disagrees with them how come
that only seems to apply for
right-wingers anyway that's beside the
point
as Dana Boyd perfectly outlined in her
study the objective isn't about having
polite conversations about controversial
topics the stark reality is we got
played and we're going to continue to
get played until we start actually
addressing what's at
steak she also says that media
manipulators bend the rules they
leverage irony to their advantage they
engage in rhetorical games so that it's
very hard to pin them down because they
know what they're doing Boyd is right
they do know what they're doing and it's
time that we're all aware so we don't
fall for the far right sorry branded
nonsense that Americans worked so hard
to move away from for Reuben this isn't
about spreading ideas it's about
grifters piggybacking off a well-oiled
media manipulation machine to cash in at
the expense of a country that used to be
way more United the more we're aware of
it the less effective their manipulation
will be did you know that TYT network is
now available on youtube's new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7 day free trial so
head over to YouTube TV and search for
the TYT Network channel
