the University of Alabama has maybe
expelled a student following her posts
on Instagram berating African Americans
and saying that she does not have any
remorse about it after she might have
gotten expelled and the reason why I say
might have gotten expelled is because
the University says she's no longer
enrolled but they won't confirm that
they expelled her she said that she's
extremely sorry but let me show you guys
the videos in question I want to warn
you that it does use some incredibly
harsh language difficulty here but this
is Harley Barbour and these are posts on
her Instagram page take a look poor
people going on and we do know these
water we don't waste water because the
people in this area I love my eyes like
black people but I love why I act like I
love black people because I fucking hate
niggers so that's really anything I
fucking hate niggers but I just saved
the fucking niggers by shutting that
water off so jump on it jump on this
jump on this jump
jump on nuts like I'm gonna probably
jump on your man way my fucking okay so
she had posted that on Instagram and she
received some backlash for it and you
would think that maybe after that
backlash she would realize this was an a
good idea maybe I should apologize but
that is not what haley barbour did she
posted another video saying the
following high school and nobody you
know the University of Alabama president
released a statement following the
release of those videos indicating that
she's no longer enrolled at the
University he said quote we hold our
students to much higher standards and we
apologize to everyone who has seen the
videos and been hurt by this hateful
ignorant and offensive behavior she was
also let go by her sorority which in
that video she claimed to love so much
and after all of this backlash she did
apologize by saying the following I
don't know what to do and I feel
horrible there's just no excuse for what
I did
oh all of a sudden you feel bad after
you got caught and she says she was
expelled from the school so now and now
you're not in your beloved sorority that
you care so much about and you thought
hey I'll go to the southern I don't get
to be racist and now when you find out
that that's not cool all of a sudden
your heart
does anyone actually believe that she's
actually sorry other than because of the
consequences that happened to her do you
think that she had a moment where she
was like oh you know what I I might have
hurt black people there or I'm you know
maybe I misunderstood or you know what I
now recognize the plight of African
Americans in this country and recognize
the degree to which they get shot or
this or that or any of these different
things are arrested at disproportionate
she's just sorry that she was so stupid
and did it publicly and didn't realize
there'd be consequences for her
over-the-top insane level of racism so
apparently she had what's being referred
to as a fenced ax which is a more
secretive Instagram account aside from
her other Instagram account that's more
public and in this more secretive one
people usually post more sensitive
content to small smaller groups of
people and I guess one of the people who
follows her there did not find those
videos entertaining and decided to copy
them and and make them more public but
for me it's it's much less about this
one particular person although her
comments are disgusting it's more about
the environment in which she's in that
makes her feel comfortable enough or
supported enough to say the things that
she said right like some of her
statements really stood out to me the
fact that she's in the South now so you
think that since you're in the South
that kind of behavior is accepted and
maybe in the bubble that she's in it is
accepted and and I think that's more of
an a much more important conversation to
have as opposed to this one incredibly
ignorant woman you know mouthing off
like that on social media yeah that's a
great point in look when it comes to
individuals she's not a public figure so
I am a little conflicted I she seems
like a terrible terrible person
right and I'm deeply embarrassed that
she's from New Jersey my home state and
but you know so she's not out of the
school out of the sorority I don't know
what's gonna happen to our life right
and so I guess the liberal side of me is
I don't need to be anymore
I don't you know I don't know people
gonna track her where she tries to get a
job just that's it leave it alone leave
it alone okay she got punished she's bad
person and she and she by the way she's
so dumb she put University of Alabama in
completely untenable position if they
keep her in the school that it confirms
that the South is racist and Alabama is
races in that school is racist they have
to kick you out you're so dumb anyway
you bite over and shit other parts of
her I want a fur vest I don't know what
that is and they said I'm gonna steal
your man and you're a very classy person
all around anyway but Anna's point is is
the most important one look at all the
other people around her right I'm not
looking for vengeance and punitive
action I'm not looking to go kick those
other girls out you know the one that
was on camera and stuff I'm just saying
like what's important here for the rest
of society is nobody was saying like
whoa whoa hey Haley or Harley bring it
down right don't hey don't post that
Harley right yeah take are you Edwards
or whatever yeah I mean she's like at
least in the environment that she was
saying those things and she was
completely supported right and so that
emboldened her that made her feel like
that was totally okay and totally
acceptable but for so there's that part
of it but also the other part is she's
19 she's 19 like I sometimes when I feel
the despair in regards to where we are
with race relations in the country the
one thing that gives me a little bit of
hope is younger generations get it right
younger generations grew up in a much
more diverse environment where there's
more tolerance and there's more
understanding and more education and
then examples like that just kind of put
me in this pit of despair again you know
better than that you know better and I
just I can't understand people who are
you know in that age group spewing that
kind of hatred and that's why I said I
was disappointed she's from New Jersey
because I grew up in New Jersey but I
grew up in a really multicultural town
and we I don't think we had that but now
we've regressed how many years later
right now not for the whole country and
not for all of New Jersey obviously but
the people who are inclined
the thing that way have been encouraged
you know in the old days even if they
thought it they might have hesitated
before making that so public but now
they think it's fine we're in charge we
can do anything we want and that's and
that's not the case and by the way good
decision by the University of Alabama
you can't let that stand
I mean how other students gonna feel
about that if if University Alabama
basically says oh that's perfectly fine
she's you know have we're happy to have
her stay here
so she forced their hand I don't know
and I certainly don't care what happens
with the rest of our life and it's not
about her it's about a culture that
unfortunately at this point has some
percentage of even young people who
think it's a cool thing to say that we
think it's fun to say that and who think
it's a great idea and a big laugh to
hate other groups of people you just
watch the video by the young turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
