a gay couple from Australia who got
married in the United States is suing a
printing company that they ordered their
wedding programs from now Vistaprint was
the company that they chose to create
their wedding programs but instead of
receiving the wedding programs that they
expected they got something completely
different okay so let me give you the
details
they found 80 copies of a religious
pamphlet instead of the 100 copies of
the wedding program the pamphlet spoke
ominously of sin lust and temptation now
again keep in mind that this is a gay
couple and it's a little strange to get
that kind of pamphlet when you are
expecting your wedding program now to
give you some examples of what the
pamphlet said it had quotes like fight
the good fight of the faith
understanding temptation the supreme
tempter is Satan who uses our weaknesses
to lead us into sin it also included a
Content that said Satan entices your
flesh with evil desires if you did not
desire it you would not be tempted by it
well that's an interesting confession
and here's what their program was
supposed to look like so now the couple
is planning on suing Vistaprint and
interestingly enough Vistaprint is
saying no this was a mistake we do not
condone this we did not do this on
purpose it must have been some sort of
mistake let me give you their exact
statement to know that any customer
could feel treated in such a way
especially during a time that should be
filled with Joy's extremely
disheartening we have never been more
disappointed to let a customer down
Vistaprint in no way condones and does
not tolerate discrimination against any
of our customers based on their race
religion gender or sexual orientation
now vistaprint says that they didn't
mean to do this there was some sort of
mistake they're investigating it but I
want to remind you of a story that we
did yesterday under the Trump
administration any business any
individual can go ahead and discriminate
against any group that it wants to
discriminate
as long as they mentioned their
religious beliefs and their moral
objections
so if Vistaprint wanted to fight this by
saying that they have moral objections
to a gay couple or a gay marriage they
could very well do it and they would
receive the protection necessary by the
trump administration so that would be a
huge legal battle and we'd have to see
where it comes out because there's
different rules for private
organizations and governments and it'd
be but it shouldn't be a battle I
thought we were past this right so I
believe vistaprint they say the third
party FULFILLER did this not them why do
I believe them one it's gonna ruin your
business if you're a giant if you're a
bigger company you're unlikely to do
this type of thing you might do other
bad things you conveyed your taxes
unlikely to do something like this and
saying about their a Dutch company
yeah we're an American company that
might be a little bit different but
Northern Europe is far more progressive
than us okay but the third party
FULFILLER also says oh no golly gee that
was an honest mistake that part I don't
believe it just so happened that the gay
couple happened to get the the right box
but inside the box the wrong pamphlets
and it happened to be about how Satan
tempts you to do the wrong thing
sexually that would be a hell of a
coincidence okay now but but my favorite
part of the story is the accidental
confession so that last quote did an
tirade you if satan entices your flesh
with evil desires if you did not desire
it you would not be tempted by it in
other words those are some good
Christian folks going I mean like
obviously we desire it otherwise we
wouldn't be tempted so I'm telling you
I'm sending you a whole pamphlet don't
give in to the temptation I mean it's
super obvious that we're all had the
temptation remember pastor Manning who
we interviewed check it out on T YT
interviews who was like well obviously
the seamen's delicious oh my god and
he's like and I'm like were you tempted
by and he's like of course who's not
tempted by sleeping with other men so
all these guys writing out their
pamphlets hey got issues man
it's what's interesting to me is the
context in which some people think of
gay marriage so when the topic of gay
marriage comes up I mean my mind has
never wandered into the sexual activity
of same-sex couples never it just it
doesn't come to mind unless we're doing
a story about a conservative who
needlessly gets into the nitty-gritty
and the details of gay sex my my my mind
is just on the issue of civil rights
equality those things it's just it's
weird how they think of it immediately
in the context of sexual behavior
yeah and like pastor ban even got in
trouble for saying he does nothing but
get himself in trouble he was claiming
that Starbucks was secretly putting
semen in their coffee to make it so
delicious she'd make it taste better so
that of course everybody would be
tempted to drink it if it had seemed in
it but he's anti gay what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
