the Department of Homeland Security has
taken action against foreign workers who
apply for visas from Haiti interesting
what's even more interesting is what
they state about Haitian foreign workers
and how clearly it's a lie and I'll tell
you how now the Department of Homeland
Security removed Haiti from a list of
countries whose citizens are permitted
to apply for low-skilled work visas the
h-2a visa is for agriculture and the
h-2b is for non agricultural seasonal
work in places such as resorts now why
is it that the Department of Homeland
Security is specifically singling out
Haiti what is it about Haiti that makes
them think we don't want them applying
for these workers well DHS cited high
levels of fraud and abuse from Haitians
who use the program as well as a high
rate of overstaying the terms now it's
important to keep in mind that there
isn't this prevalence of Haitians coming
into the United States and overstaying
their visas in fact just a few dozen
immigrants from Haiti use h2a and h2b
visas each year oh my god what a flood
of immigrants a couple of dozen or that
seems like a real problem we should
address right away so there was really
terrible reporting on this story I'm
just gonna flat out say it because every
single article that I read about this
story just quoted with the Department of
Homeland Security said and left it at
that that wasn't good enough for me I
want to know what the numbers are I want
to know which countries overstay their
workers visas which countries overstay
their visas period have there been
studies into that and what are the
numbers well interestingly enough the
Department of Homeland Security released
a report early last year actually mid
last year in in May of 2017 and the
numbers are from 2016 so I looked at the
Haitian overstay rate and it's at three
point eight six percent again this is
specifically for 2016 and then I
compared that number to other countries
on the list and I found that there are
plenty of other countries that are much
higher in their overstay rate so for
instance Afghanistan is at thirteen
point seven one percent Albania's at
or point four three percent Armenia is
at four point two four percent Belarus
three point seven one percent Bhutan is
at twenty five point one three percent a
bunch of countries I mean I can go on
and on and on and on
Jordan five point nine seven percent so
look they were treated there's a couple
of issues here right one is they're
claiming it was just a coincidence that
we have in a big Haiti after the
president got all this heat for calling
it a shithole and for earlier saying
everybody coming from Haiti as aids so
but we were so concerned about the
overstate problem that so one is the
problem of the media which they just
reported as if it was fact the
administration claimed that their
overstay rate was not three point
something odd percent they said it was
forty percent it's ridiculous just me
that's they made that up and in every
article it says 40 percent nobody
fact-checked them it's the Trump
administration fact check them okay
so then it makes and by the way don't
you want to have some context let's say
that it was forty percent
well what's Canada's rate what's
Taiwan's rate I'm glad you asked jank
because Pew Research also did its own
study and the numbers that I'm about to
show you are actually from 2015 so this
is a little bit older because the
numbers that I had previously shared
with you were from a DHS study from 2016
but let's take a look at what Pew
Research found so this is a graph
indicating which countries are leading
in over stays here in the United States
now Canada is at number one you'll see
the numbers right there ninety-three
thousand thirty five Mexico comes in
second Brazil Germany Italy UK Colombia
China India and Venezuela those are the
top countries that have the over stays
here in the United States now look I'm
not saying this because I want all these
other countries to be punished and I
want to leave Haiti alone I'm just
making this point because when the
Department of Homeland Security says
that they are targeting Haiti because of
their overstay rate it is a lie
this is retaliation following Trump's
comments during that immigration meeting
that he had with the gang of six that is
what this is all about look if they had
at another times done an analysis and
found out oh it turns out Afghanistan
Albania and Haiti are at the top three
countries that are overstaying which is
not the cases Ana showed you but those
are the top three so we're gonna go and
make sure the Albanians Afghans and the
Haitians don't overstay that's okay
that's perfectly logical that they
picked Haiti even though they're not
anywhere near the top of the list
because now racism isn't just a matter
of talk and that's what the excuse that
a lot of conservatives say no the
president is just doing rough talk now
it isn't talk anymore it's action now
Haitians are being punished because of
Donald Trump's racist views about them
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network aam /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
