so I understand there's a llama kkuk
stream ism in this country as there is
uh throughout the world and sometimes at
least acts of terror like if you
remember in New York there was a guy who
ran over a people and killed him in and
that near the end of last year and that
was terrible and and the authorities
have actually done some decent job in
blocking some Islamic extremism but
there's also white wing extremism and
with the exception of Charlottesville is
not talked about very much in the media
so I wish somebody would do a poll on
this if you asked Americans what do you
think is a bigger threat Islamic
terrorism or right-wing terrorism in
America I would be surprised if the
answer was an eighty to ninety percent
Islamic terrorism and that is of course
wrong so I say of course because the
anti-defamation league has done a study
on it and I wanted to share that with
you and then give you some other numbers
as well so they explained that white
supremacists in the United States killed
more than twice as many people in 2017
as they did the year before so they seem
I don't know if the right word is
encouraged but certainly more active
these days I wonder why and we're
responsible for far more murders than
domestic Islamic extremists helping make
2017 the fifth deadliest year on record
for extremist violence in America and
new report states now this is the
anti-defamation league they got no
interest in any of this extremism they
want none of it and they're certainly
not trying to cover up Islamic extremism
which they are very concerned about but
they looked at the numbers and this is
what the numbers say and they did not
count mass shooters they didn't count
random shootings no they're only talking
about shootings where there is a stated
political purpose and so those are the
only ones that count so these are only
the ones where they said I am a right
wing or I'm doing it for this reason
that reason political reason and hence
the word extremism or terrorism so the
report called murder and extremism in
the United States and 2017 published
Tuesday by the anti-defamation league
Center on extremism said extremists
killed thirty four people last year
twenty of those victims
or 59% were killed by right-wing
extremists a designation that includes
white supremacist members of the
so-called
alt-right and all light and members of
the anti-government militia movement now
if you're thinking well but I didn't see
all that I saw the big news about the
guy in New York but I didn't see a lot
of those killings that's not because
they didn't happen it's because they
don't get a lot of coverage so and this
is what the a do is pointing out in fact
it's not just this past year now if you
look at these numbers over the past 10
years it shows you that the numbers are
actually even starker when you look at a
broader time frame 71% of terrorist
attacks by extremists have been by
right-wing extremists so now look the
numbers are now good for Islamic
extremism either because they are
disproportionate to the population in
America so they are both deeply
troubling but do we overcome our one and
undercover the other yes and more
importantly what is our government doing
now I'll get to that in a second in
terms of the Trump administration but I
wanted to show you that there are some
people that are upset about this so when
the Secretary of Homeland Security was
testifying in front of the Senate
senator Booker from New Jersey had this
to say no you're aware of a 2017 GAO
report that found and I quote and it be
85 violent extremist incidences there
resulted in death since September 12
2001 far right-wing violent extremist
groups were responsible for 73 percent
when I go through the black belt in the
south when I'm in Atlanta black churches
in Newark they're concerned about
jihadist Islamic terrorism
we watched the twin towers from Newark
sit down but since 9/11 85 violent
incidents 73 percent were with people
that hold bigoted hateful ideas about
minorities so similar numbers there from
two different groups Cory Booker quoting
the 73 percent number which is very
similar this
the anti-defamation league came up with
over the last 10 years was 71% by
right-wing extremist so for example ur
was a guy who came out of Maryland and
decided he needed to kill black people
because he was reading the neo-nazi
website daily stormer went to New York
and killed poor african-american man
with a sword and other is racism on
college campuses the right wing likes to
downplay that they say oh really when
does it ever happen well you didn't hear
it because CNN didn't blare it from the
rooftops when they do in other instances
and someone should ask them why they are
so selective in in this coverage so in
reality in Maryland there was a on a
college campus there a guy again and
right-wing extremists but in on college
goes up to a black student and murders
him and he did it because he's a white
supremacist back had almost no coverage
so it happens over and over and over
again at common law Harris another
senator pointing out in a tweet it is
deeply troubling that when talking about
threats to our nation
secretary Nielsen failed to mention a
report that talks about some of the most
rampant terror attacks that face our
nation domestic acts of terror including
white supremacist extremists now that is
relevant because right now
Nielsen's the head of homeland security
homeland security trump administration
is in charge so do I want them to combat
Islamic extremist of course we all live
in this country we don't want to die
from any of these terrorists but do I
want them to spend as much time or
proportionate amount of time also
fighting right-wing extremism of course
who wouldn't want that except the Trump
people get a load of this the Trump
administration last year revoked federal
funding for a program aimed at D
radicalizing neo-nazis look even under
Obama
they defunded parts of the government
that were focused on right-wing
extremists and guess what happened we
had more right-wing extremists plots
that were carried out and cost people's
lives by the way all of this is
disproportionate the media coverage is
disproportionate the way the government
handles it is this proportionate and
keep asking yourself why
why does every time a Muslim does
something all of cable news goes
blasting non-stop
that's fine because those are big
interesting events but then when a
right-wing terrorist comes and executes
someone and does it for the same kind of
political reasons and declares it as
such nothing why is that not interesting
why is that not also concerning and then
finally think about how disproportionate
all of this is I mean the good news is
those numbers overall are low so 34
people killed last year in one mass
shooting in Vegas for example but
pickier mass shooting
we had about 58 people killed more than
all of the terrorist acts in America
combined you know the real problem is
and so these terror is some of them did
it with knives some of them did it with
buses and with trucks I should say some
did it with swords but the mass
shootings that kill far more people are
done with guns and those high-powered
weapons wind up killing a lot more of us
and the coverage of that should them the
big mass shootings now you got to get to
like 50 people before they cover it
non-stop
now when you just shoot and kill four
people it's not that biggest story it
just goes away right away partly because
we are inundated by it to be fair to the
media and partly because it's not as
scary
oh boo the Muslims are coming oh my god
Oh your neighbor shot 12 of you yeah
anyway we're moving on understand what
the real threats are understand the
proportion of those threats so that we
could respond you know why because I
want to keep everybody safe we want our
families safe we want our communities
safe
so let's actually spend the resources of
time and the energy in addressing the
issues that is that are gonna keep us
safer not just get everybody into a hate
and fear filled world where people use
it for a political demagoguery if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
