remember when Trump and his
administration claimed that they want
smaller government less government
employees well turns out that they want
to create a new division in Health and
Human Services that will specifically
and solely focus on protecting health
care professionals who wish to
discriminate against individuals that
have certain lifestyles that they don't
like now they are claiming that this is
a religious liberty type thing they want
to make sure that if a doctor or a
healthcare provider has a moral dilemma
and doesn't want to treat certain people
like transgender people or LGBT people
they should be protected let me give you
the details according to Politico Trump
is poised to overhaul the Health and
Human Services Civil Rights office as
part of a broader plan to protect health
workers who don't want to perform
abortions treat transgender patients
seeking to transition or provide other
services for which they have religious
or moral objections now the civil rights
office would be empowered to further
shield these workers and punish
organizations that don't allow them to
express their religious and moral
objections it's not like if you're
trying to be a a heart surgeon you're
gonna be confronted with the dilemma of
providing abortions that just doesn't
happen right that's essentially what you
sign up for if you end up doing
abortions so that's strange but to me
the heart of this issue really has to do
with the LGBT community because there
are certain services that they need to
get and oftentimes they will get
rejected based on religious objections
so for instance if you have a lesbian
couple that wishes to conceive and they
need fertility treatments or they need
to do artificial insemination if they go
to a certain doctor and that doctor
tells them no you guys are gay we're no
I'm not interested in helping you
there's a discriminatory issue there so
the real question is what is our
government comfortable with what are the
American people comfortable with
discriminating against certain groups of
people or you know maybe creating a
system where people who sign up for a
certain job are asked to do their jobs
okay so I want to start with that do
your job
so I remembered the story we often go
back to there was a Muslim guy and I
think it was in Minnesota where he said
well yeah I'm the checkout guy at a
grocery store but I don't want to touch
ham or bacon so he wanted other people
to come in and scan the ham and the
bacon no no no no then don't take that
job you either do your chunk or you
don't do your job so if you're not gonna
scan items at a grocery store go get
another job
okay so I have religious objections to
it yeah but I don't that's why I bought
the bacon right and so if you don't want
to be a doctor that has to treat
everyone equally and you would say well
I have moral objections to you your
lesbian so I don't like you
and so I want to judge you so when you
come into the emergency room I don't
want to treat you no no do your job or
get the hell out go get another job okay
and it's it's actually nearly that bad
first of all it allows for that
completely completely any religious or
moral objection on any issue so okay
oh you have HPV well but I noticed you
don't have a ring
you're not married I'm gonna judge you
I'm gonna judge you I have a moral
objection to your sex life that
therefore I am protected by the
government in basically denying you the
health care that you need that look it
creates a dangerous precedent if you ask
me right and so you could have the issue
of pharmacist denying people birth
control pills or Plan B whatever it is
right based on their moral objections
and the fact of the matter is if you
sign up to be a health care professional
I feel like you have an ethical duty to
provide that health care to any and all
patients regardless of what their
political practices are what their
religious beliefs are what their
lifestyle choices are at the end of the
day there's still people right and so I
just I find it strange that in any other
line of work you're expected to do your
job but under this scenario based on
what the government is telling us right
now
if you're religious and you're a
healthcare provider if you're a doctor
healthcare professional you can go ahead
and deny care to people just based on
the fact that you don't like their
lifestyle so let's also recognize a
couple other things this is this is a
religious test so I mean what am I gonna
pop quiz for my doctor before he treats
me or if I'm in an emergency room or an
ambulance like well what are you I'm
agnostic ooh then you deny that Lord
Jesus Christ is your Lord and Savior or
whatever the hell they believe right
yeah I do tonight no that's it get out
of the ambulance are you insane
no you get the fuck out of the ambulance
you're in the wrong fucking job let
someone who wants to do that job by the
way this is not theoretical one of the
cases is an ambulance driver did not
want to drive a woman to get an abortion
I don't know what kind of a situation
she was in it because she needed an
ambulance I don't know if she was
bleeding I don't know what was going on
but you don't want to drive an ambulance
someone to the hospital who needs an
ambulance because no first I'm gonna do
a pop quiz on your religion which by the
way is unconstitutional then if I don't
like your morality I don't like your
morals I'm gonna leave it on the side of
the road to bleed to death so no no no
no you guys just own it man say it cuz
service you love big government and you
love Sharia law I mean they're creating
a separate division within HHS that
would deal with this very issue right
and this is something that really upset
right-wing Americans during Obama's
administration because when Obama came
into office he essentially undid some of
the protections that the Bush
administration had in place for these
religious health care providers because
the Obama administration realized okay
look we have health care providers
throughout the country who are denying
people access to you know certain types
of medications that they need birth
control that they need and so they
wanted to ensure that that wouldn't
happen anymore that medical
professionals do the jobs that they
signed up for and of course now we have
Rogers's Severino who is the head of HHS
and he's been very open and transparent
about the fact that yes he is a right
winger and he wants to make sure that he
people's religious beliefs before
anything else you know I'm tired of
unilateral disarmament so the
Republicans are constantly judging our
morality okay I'm gonna judge your
morality if I think that if you're a
sick and depraved person who's gonna do
a religious test before you treat
someone who needs health care I think
you are deeply immoral if you're gonna
go hey I'm doing Sharia law here and so
I'm gonna apply my religion on to you
you know what that reminds me of Muslims
to say you're not allowed to draw the
Prophet Mohammed no no you're not
allowed to draw the Prophet Mohammed I
can draw anything I like okay oh you're
not allowed to do an abortion you're not
allowed to be a gay you're not allowed
to do this or that and hence I'm not
gonna give you perhaps life-saving
treatment no you're deeply immoral
judging who we are and how we live and
who we love because of some ancient
texts that you're an idiot enough to
believe and go yeah Yahweh told me that
I'm supposed to hate gay people and
shrimp what I really like shrimp okay
and I'm not supposed to get divorced but
I got divorced three times
unless what's that premarital sex but I
had premarital sex really really young
and often but I judge you for being gay
or for doing whatever you're doing no no
no I judge you you are immoral you are
immoral for going around and telling
people that they're not good enough
based on who they are and then denying
the medical treatment you're the most
immoral people in the country if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
