On January 23rd Bernie Sanders will be
conducting a very important Town Hall on
the issue of Medicare for all of course
that is a proposal that he has been
pushing for because he wants to provide
health care for all Americans and he
wants to hash out the details and he
will do so not only by answering your
questions which you can submit to the
Young Turks but also through a number of
medical professionals who are also
joining in and participating in this
Town Hall it will take place on January
23rd at 7:00 p.m. Eastern time you can
check it out live at facebook.com slash
The Young Turks we will be
live-streaming it and I am super excited
to announce that I will be hosting this
town hall so I will be running the show
of course I'm not going to be the one
answering the questions but I will make
sure that we will stay on topic and
answer the most important questions that
you have on this proposal and how
Medicare for all would work in the
United States also if you're interested
in submitting a question you can do so
by going to TYT submission at gmail.com
send us a 1-minute youtube video no
longer than one minute with your
question to that email address TYT
submission at gmail.com
