in the very near future the US
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Agency is going to be conducting a
fairly massive sweeping roundup of
undocumented immigrants in the Northern
California area the campaign is going to
be centered in around San Francisco it
could happen within weeks and it's
expected to become the biggest
enforcement action of its kind under
President Trump in fact they are saying
in various news outlets that they are
expecting to target at least 1500
different undocumented immigrants
although that is very much the the
lowest possible limit as we'll get into
so the operation is said to go after
people who've been identified as targets
for deportation
including those who have been served
with final deportation orders and those
with criminal histories now going back
just a little bit earlier acting ice
director Thomas Holman said that the
federal government would not allow
California to be a quote sanctuary state
for illegal aliens I would have no
choice but to conduct at-large arrests
in local neighborhoods and at work sites
which will inevitably and this is where
it gets a little bit scary result in
additional collateral arrests instead of
focusing on arrests at jails and prisons
where transfers are safer for ice
officers and the community and naturally
much more targeted there so they say
they're targeting 1,500 undocumented
immigrants although they're going into
the process expecting that that is
likely to then spiderweb off into a
number of other arrests possibly for
each one of those 1500 cases okay
these right-wingers can't help
themselves so like well we can't do
clutter collateral damages on the United
States that's a shame so let's do
collateral arrests
what's the collateral arrest like you're
just Molina in fact we actually had some
we do know what it is during the Trump
inauguration
some people had broken windows and the
police round up 200 people in the area
including journalists and legal defense
folks who had come to help the
protesters random protesters they
rounded them all up collateral arrests
I'm pretty sure we're not supposed to do
collateral arrest in America because you
happen to be in the wrong area at the
wrong time so I know what their excuse
will be no no we round up everybody that
looked Latino I mean we suspected of
being
documented immigrants really how do you
suspect them of that I mean the guys
that you have issues with for example if
they're criminals they have a criminal
record
look that the local authorities will
help you with anyway that's not part of
the law the sanctuary law is not okay
will hide the criminals away from the
federal government because we love
having criminals in California no it's
it's it it is not related to that right
so if you go into as they say
communities here and you've got your
targeting people you've got on your list
okay
how do you do collateral arrest based on
what do you ask them for papers I do i I
don't carry papers around you carry
papers around I carry all of my papers
so kids yeah and by the way they're
coming to California right so you didn't
even around Upjohn in one of these
collateral arrests I hope not I was
bluffing about the papers by the way I
don't actually know where they are my
guess is they're not going to
collaterally arrest John yeah but but if
you're Latino watch out the feds are
coming and and they're kind of thrilled
about it this guy seems like he's very
excited about doing false arrests and
we've got a little bit more from him but
understand that this is now a very wide
version of something that we saw I mean
it certainly was the first time but very
high-profile case earlier this week of a
gentleman who had been here for I think
30 years being rounded up and deported
well now let's do 1500 at once and it
definitely seems like there are some
Geographic bias going on here because
although there are
sanctuary cities or things similar
legally to sanctuary cities in various
parts of the country they seem
particularly interested in California in
this case so we have this planned sweep
we also have earlier this month home on
told Fox News that quote California
better hold on tight he said that if
local politicians don't want to protect
our communities than ice will although I
think a lot of people including local
politicians want to protect their
communities from ice in California and
this is not going to be the first time
in September 27 people were arrested in
Santa Clara County as part of an
operation targeting sanctuary cities
across the country
that led to 500 arrests in June federal
officers arrested 54 people inside
California and in the same way that we
know the tax bill was focused on trying
to aid largely red states although we'll
get into some of the ways that that
won't actually work and and harm blue
states it's entirely possible that when
it comes to enforcing other sorts of
laws we could also see this sort of bias
in the future so in cities and states
that have sanctuary laws crime actually
goes down and so that seems especially
the right-wingers perhaps
counterintuitive oh I don't I thought
ice was here to protect our communities
so why does crime go down when they do
sanctuary laws for a number of reasons
but the most important one is the reason
they they say hey you don't have to
worry about your papers when you talk to
the cops or go to the hospital is
because they want you to talk to the
cops and go to the hospital so in terms
of Public Health you don't want someone
not bringing their kids with a broken
arm or god forbid worse because they're
worried about their papers and then the
kid dies from internal bleeding don't do
that don't do that right if you're
humane in your decent person you don't
want that to happen and in the case of
the cops they need to be able to help
solve cases they need to talk to the
community if a woman is abused at home
or someone is mugged or raped or or or a
loved one is killed they want them to be
able to talk to the cops so they can
solve the crimes and prevent more crimes
and if they're worried about telling the
cops because they don't have papers in
it and they know the cops will ask for
papers well then they won't talk to the
cops
and what happens crime goes up you know
that that is logical and in and beyond
the logic we now have the numbers and
the data to back that up
so when ice comes in here they get to
act like tough guys be like oh yeah
company get do and the bad guys and do
collateral arrest and we're gonna mess
people up and you better buckle up haha
but in reality you're making California
less safe and everywhere you go and as
usually with these knuckleheads they
don't really care about that that's not
their objective their objective is to
appear tough for political reasons if
you liked this video bless your heart we
got a lot more where that came from we
do a full show every day Monday through
Friday come enjoy ad-free by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
