over the weekend comedian Aziz Ansari
was talked about written about in a
publication known as babe the author
Katy way recounted a story by an
anonymous woman they used a pseudonym
grace to talk about her and her
experience with Aziz Ansari now the
title or the headline of the piece was I
went on a date with Aziz Ansari it
turned into the worst night of my life
which kind of Prime's you for a
devastating account of sexual misconduct
criminal behavior something something
really bad but as you read her account
you learned that zzzz I'm sorry was
interested in having sex with her she
did not want to have sex with him they
didn't end up doing what she didn't want
to do after she made it clear she didn't
want to do it and I was left wondering
what the issue was but don't take that
from me I want you guys to hear the
important parts of this piece and judge
for yourselves so I'm gonna go ahead and
read that to you and then we'll have a
discussion so this is how it was
described in the babe piece they walked
back to his apartment building when they
walked back in she complimented his
marble countertops according to grace
Ansari
turned the compliment into an invitation
he said something along the lines of how
about you hop up and take a seat within
moments he was kissing her in a second
his hand was on my breast then he was
undressing her then he undressed himself
she remembers feeling uncomfortable at
how quickly things escalated now this
was following a date that they had
apparently they had met after an awards
ceremony they were at some sort of party
he had some sort of old-school camera
she's an aspiring photographer so she
noticed that camera and they sparked a
conversation that way and they exchanged
numbers and then later on when they both
flew back to New York they went out on
this date and what she's detailing here
is the experience she had once they went
to his apartment after the date okay and
I'm just gonna get one more detail
before they got to his apartment she
also
during the dinner in fact I give two
quick details he ordered white wine and
she had wanted red wine okay and she
also said that he got the bill and paid
it in a hurry and then they went back to
his apartment so let me give you more
throughout the course of her short time
in the apartment she says she used
verbal and non verbal cues to indicate
how uncomfortable and distressed she was
most of my discomfort was expressed in
me pulling away and mumbling I know that
my hand stopped moving at some points I
stopped moving my lips and turned cold
now that's a very important part of the
piece because grace makes it very clear
that her communication was non-verbal
until the very end when she made it
clear that she did not want to have sex
at that point he was like okay then
we're not having sex why don't we go
back to the couch and chill with our
clothes on okay and so he didn't
pressure her or force her to have sex
you know after she said no no he
complied with what she wanted so let me
give you more whether I'm sorry didn't
notice Grace's reticence or knowingly
ignored it is impossible for her to say
I know I was physically giving off cues
that I wasn't interested I don't think
that was noticed at all he kept asking
so I said next time at meaning asking
for sex and he goes oh you mean second
date and I go oh yeah sure and he goes
well if I poured you another glass of
wine would it count as our second date
he then poured her a glass of wine and
handed handed it to her she excused
herself to the bathroom soon after then
she went back to uh sorry he asked her
if she was okay I said I don't want to
feel forced because then I'll hate you
and I'd rather not hate you
she told babe that at first she was
happy with how he reacted he said oh of
course it's only fun if we're both
having fun then he said let's chill over
here on the couch okay so at that point
they were hanging out on the couch but
they both still did not have their
clothes on right when she sat down on
the floor next to uh sorry who sat on
the couch she thought he might rub her
or play with her hair something to calm
her down
okay so then oh he didn't he didn't play
with her he didn't play with her hair at
that point you know he thought all right
well I don't know what the physical cues
were but he apparently tried to have sex
one last time she made it super clear
don't want to have sex at that point
that was when he told her why don't we
put our clothes on and and chill on the
couch and at that point they did it as
they were watching TV a Seinfeld episode
apparently she told him you know all of
you guys are the same
she was an expletive in there and at
that point she decided to leave he
called her a cab and she left and she
just says that during the entire crab
ride she was crying so that was that was
the gist of the story and the way that
it was described by her was that you
know it took her a while to validate
this experience a sexual assault but
that she does feel like it was a sexual
assault even though she never verbally
told him I don't want to have sex with
you until the very end and as soon as
she said that he stopped so I don't okay
so go ahead jump in okay so look guys
it's really important in these stories
to try to walk another person's foot for
a second and see each other's
perspective so and and I'm a guy so I of
course I see the guys perspective first
I'm keeping a real on that and end it
back when I was a conservative this
story would have flipped me out and I
would have not bothered to see the other
perspective so now even so you know I'm
you're gonna see where I come out on it
but let's let's look at both sides okay
so first let's look at her point of view
and the point of view of a lot of women
okay
so a lot of times pressured into sex
pressured into sex and and a lot of
folks are number one a lot of them get
pressured into sex and then they said no
and it happened anyway so for those
group of women who have gone through a
horrific experience when they see a
story like this it is hard for them not
to personalize it not to feel like I was
there I was there right and that
happened to me and then something
terrible happened to me now in this case
it is certainly an open question as to
whether something terrible happened next
right and so I think that old me would
have gotten angry at those people right
and so what I'm asking you to do is not
to get angry on either side and and and
just say oh okay I didn't have that
experience I haven't been a woman who's
been non-stop pressured and I have been
a woman who's been assaulted okay
so I have to jump in um so I am a woman
and so you know my natural bias I guess
is to understand the woman's perspective
hear her out before I even consider the
perspective of anyone else so I'm being
clear with you guys about what my
personal bias is now with that said as a
woman I've also had my own personal
experiences that were actually
shockingly similar to what she
experienced that night and I never once
thought of myself as a victim and the
reason why I didn't is because as soon
as I made it clear just like she did
that I was not interested in any type of
sexual relationship the guy stopped and
for me to publicly out that person while
concealing my identity and potentially
destroy his life his career I think is
to be quite honest with you outrageous
okay now let me be clear about something
nonverbal communication is not clear
right so what might seem like clear
nonverbal communication to you might not
be clear communication for the other
party which is why it's so incredibly
important to verbally communicate that
you're not interested which she
eventually did and immediately after she
did that he complied okay yes so again
but one more and I'm gonna get those
these aside in a second but one more
thing a lot of women have whether they
were frightened or just didn't know what
to do they didn't feel comfortable and
next thing you know they were having sex
not in this case and they had a world
sex right and she says that he kept
moving her hand down to her genitals
etcetera look everybody's been involved
in a thousand uncomfortable awkward
situations but a lot of women have felt
that way and then the sex actually
happened
and they felt hi maybe I should have
said something maybe I shouldn't I don't
know I got stuck in that situation and
they feel terrible about it so when they
see this story they react in a way of
like damnit I've been there and they get
mad but it is important so I understand
that but it is also important that we be
fair to everyone involved and take every
story on its own merits and in this case
she didn't say she was she participated
all along she participated all along and
so I brought up the wine thing and the
hair thing for a second because why are
you putting that in the story because
it's good its loses credibility for
yourself I think it's important to
actually give you the exact quote
regarding the wine because it's it's in
the very beginning of the piece and it
really stood out to me too because of
the wording that she utilized I didn't
get to choose so she was asked about the
drink drank red wine it was it was white
she said I didn't get to choose I prefer
red but it was white wine like well I
mentioned that it's just there's just
all sorts of little I mean look some
people love to mention microaggressions
right and I feel like there are little
little statements made throughout that
made it seem as though she had
absolutely no control over the situation
that he had 100% of the control and I
think that that's not an accurate way of
depicting what actually happened yeah
and and so what there's many things were
worried about one of which is that this
assumes that women have no agency that
they are look i we all want women to be
strong and an independent I thought
that's what feminism was about and what
were we were fighting for like you know
what you could say hey I prefer red wine
you could say that right and it goes to
his state of mind here I don't want to
overemphasize the line this is not
important right but it goes to state of
mind in same with the hair like why
didn't he play with my hair but you
never told him to play with your hair
out and and a New York Times writer a
woman wrote I'm a proud feminist and
Aziz Ansari cannot read your mind and
that is that's of course the core of the
argument and that is true so even if
you're an and so sometimes I get in
trouble when I say this but look if you
are in an uncomfortable situation please
strong and I know sometimes it's hard
and you you didn't being put in an
awkward situation being put in an
uncomfortable situation is often that is
not what you asked for
right and sometimes that a man is
physically intimidating and you feel
scared
so Whoopi Goldberg said on the you I
don't know you just kick him in the nuts
but look that's glib because a lot of
times you can't do that and so and if
you said that about someone who was
actually date rape that is victim
blaming right but it is it is also true
that you should say if you don't want to
say do something you should say it and
because he because know your mind he
can't read your mind so if you're a
woman in that situation now I want you
to for a second also put yourself in the
perspective of a guy he it appears he
had no idea you might not believe that
you might say oh you should have known
he should have known my nonverbal cues
my mumbling those are her words not my
words didn't and he should have and
maybe he should have maybe if he was a
super cool guy he would have been like
hey you know what she doesn't look like
she's into it and by the way guys if she
doesn't look like she's into it for
God's sake stop don't you know and not
just for your sake but for her sake stop
right because this is the world we're in
now so and and maybe that's a slightly
better thing by the way because maybe
that avoids a lot of women being put in
situation's where they didn't want to be
in but in terms of blaming Aziz Ansari
it's true he can't read your mind if you
don't want him to do something say it
instead of mumbling or hoping that he
understands your nonverbal cues so so
and by the way she did she said no at
one point he said let's put on our
clothes and chill out on the couch and
they did yeah you can if a guy who's
when you say no he puts on his clothes
and he stops if that guy is equally
guilty as the guy who doesn't well then
you've diminished what rape and sexual
assault means and you've done great
damage to the movement to this wonderful
liberating movement of me to which which
all which for all these women who were
suffering under sexual harassment sexual
assault couldn't talk about it we just
did the Eliza Dushku story yesterday is
heart-wrenching don't diminish that by
saying a guy who said when you say no
stops is equally guilty of because she
use the worst sexual assault so I want
to just to you know further solidify the
fact that I'm sorry had no idea that she
was this bothered and uncomfortable the
next day he had sent her a text message
by the way this was all shown to Katie
way of babe and he wrote it was fun
meeting you last night
and then she responded you ignored clear
nonverbal cues you kept going with
advances grace explains I want to make
sure that you're aware so maybe the next
girl doesn't have to cry on the ride
home and he responded I'm so sad to hear
this clearly I misread things in the
moment and I'm truly sorry by the way
that is now being used against them so
there is an article in law on crime
saying that since he apologized he might
have accidentally confessed to two
crimes these are really really serious
issues so if you're going to anonymously
accuse someone of sexual assault you are
will you if you don't understand that
that could ruin his career that could
ruin his life and people aren't gonna
read the entirety of the article they're
just not they're gonna see the headlines
and his picture is gonna go next to
Harvey Weinstein's picture and so I
don't care if you got angry at Matt
Damon and maybe I'm a bad guy for saying
that but they are not the same thing
that one guy's a monster of monsters
okay that does all these non-consensual
things another guy listens to what a
woman said and now their pictures are
next to one another the headlines say
the similar things it's not right and
when you ruin someone's life there are
oftentimes plenty of good reasons to do
it Harvey Weinstein Roger Ailes Kevin
Spacey the list goes on and on and on
but I think you have a moral duty to be
take a little care in that process and
now I don't know I I hope you did based
on my reading of the story I hope he
doesn't face legal consequences but if
we're going in this direction and by the
way now it makes guys reluctant to say
that to apologize and say that they did
the wrong thing and try to see it your
way I think I think what's lacking in
this in this discussion and I think the
reason why it's lacking is because
people are afraid to just come for
and say it but if we get blowback then
we get blowback we're not having a
nuanced discussion at all when it comes
to this movement we are not
differentiating between various types of
sexual misconduct
we are not differentiating between a bad
date
from what happened with Harvey Weinstein
we're not differentiating any of it
we're just kind of lumping everything
together into one group because you know
in some cases women felt slighted in
some cases women were raped and you
can't compare those two things well you
can't you should compare those two
things but you can't lump them into the
same group and I think that's the big
problem right now and anyone who has the
audacity to speak out against that that
unknownst you know discussion that's
taking place in the country gets
demonized and I think that that
unfortunately stops an important
conversation from happening you know
destroying the careers of people who
haven't actually committed crimes who
haven't actually sexually assaulted
people that is a very scary world to
live in and I'm seeing things happen now
for political reasons with people with
political agendas making all sorts of
crazy accusations and that stuff really
concerns me because it does damage on so
many different components of this issue
and it especially minimizes cases of
sexual assault and rape when you lump
everything together like this
I actually think Ashley Banfield had a
great point about that I want to go to
that and then when we come back I want
to discuss one last thing which is
cultural difference in America I think
Millennials are seeing things
differently or some portion of
Millennials are seeing things
differently so differently then I would
say quote unquote the rest of us that
it's it's fascinating so first let's go
to Ashleigh Banfield making a similar
point Anna the me2 movement has righted
a lot of wrongs and it has made your
career path much smoother and here's
where I'm guessing it's gonna be a long
career path you're 23 what a gift yet
you look that gift horse in the mouth
and chiseled away at that powerful
movement with your public accusation and
I'm gonna repeat this because it's
important
if you were sexually assaulted go to the
cops if you were sexually harassed
jeopardizing your work speak up and
speak out loud but by your own
descriptions that is not what happened
you had an unpleasant date and you did
not leave that is on you and all the
gains that have been achieved on your
behalf and mine are now being
compromised but the allegations that you
threw out there and I'm gonna call them
reckless and Hollow I cannot name you
publicly and sentence you to a similar
career hit as I'm sorry because you
chose to remain anonymous
lucky you but as you grow in your
photography career you really do hope
that you remember what you did to
someone else's career all because of
that bad date that was not a sexual
assault that was not sexual harassment
by your description and I hope the next
time you go on a bad date you stand up
sooner we smooth out your dress and you
bloody well leave because the only
sentence that a guy like that deserves
is a bad case of blue balls not a
Hollywood black ball so look it does
damage to me to move because it allows
so many guys and I look I know the guys
perspective it allows a lot of guys the
guy I knew was all BS from the beginning
oh that's terrible it's not be as roger
ailes would take out his penis and chase
a woman around his office Matt Lauer had
the button to lock the door behind them
I can go on and on Harvey Weinstein
would literally barge into their house
and rip off their clothes and rape them
and and this is what they dealt with at
work at work and and it was just that's
why I keep saying the more the movement
has liberated millions of women so I
this is that in our opinion does damage
to that movement and and and by the way
it also pushes a lot of people to the
right wing they go if that's the
progressive position I don't want any
part of that and that and here we are as
progressive saying no it is not
necessarily the progressive position and
so what one more thing and maybe it's
I'm a little older and the person who
wrote about this and for the Atlantic
it's a woman who says look
feminists she went through a couple of
sexual assaults but she's a little older
for millennial women apparently
according to economists YouGov poll 25%
of millennial each American woman think
asking someone for a drink is harassment
and more than a third say that if a man
compliments a woman's looks it is
harassment not at work just period I
don't know how we're gonna get along if
that's the new standard and but that's
that's a cultural difference and so they
view the world can obviously in a very
different way and they don't understand
us they're like how could you not see
that there that we are being pressured
and we are being asked to do things we
don't want to do and this is if I like
the guy than a yes great but if I don't
it's terrible right so we have to try to
understand each other and there's gonna
be a lot of hurt feelings and a lot of
misunderstanding and miscommunication
and probably a lot of anger before we
get to a place where we can be joined
again as one community but right now
there is vast differences among us and I
think that this is a case that is
beginning to have people say you know
this this might have gone too far what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
