so believe it or not there's some good
news coming out of the redistricting
issues at the state level so now you
know part of the problem and democracy
is the insane gerrymandering that's
where they draw these maps that wind up
all around the state and go okay now
I've sliced and diced the state in a way
that is maniacal that doesn't match the
geography at all but helps me keep the
state and either one political party or
the other by the way both parties do
this and Republicans happen to do it
more but I'll give you some context on
that in a second - first of all last
week we heard from North Carolina
in case you didn't hear about that I
want you to know about it because it's
super important then I'll tell you about
what happened in Pennsylvania today Joe
James a when jr. said that Republicans
in North Carolina's legislature had been
motivated by invidious partisan intent
as they carry carried out their
obligation in 2016 to divide the state
into 13 congressional districts ten of
which are held by Republicans the result
judge Wynne wrote violated the 14th
Amendment's guarantee of equal
protection of course when he wrote that
they were motivated by invidious
partisan intent
Donald Trump said what okay so let's
break this down North Carolina at this
point is a purple state they voted for
Trump in the last election but they
voted for a Democratic governor and last
election before that they voted for
Barack Obama so they're close to 50/50
they could go either way but the way the
Republicans troop drew up the map they
get 10 out of the 13 seats it's
outrageous it's obviously not
representative of the people of North
Carolina they want democracy should want
democracy that is representative of you
instead they stole your representatives
and they did it based on partisan
advantage now if you're a Republican
going oh yeah that's awesome man I love
what we cheat who cares about democracy
be careful what you wish for you have
the same problem in Maryland accepted
Democrats have taken advantage and they
are getting a disproportionate number of
seats based on the voting patterns of
Maryland now on either side you
shouldn't want it you should want the
voters to actually get real
representatives well
one more quote from judge winning in
that regard I said a wealth of evidence
proves the General Assembly's intent to
subordinate the interests of the non
Republican voters an entrenched
Republican domination of this state's
congressional delegation so look that's
really important because you remember
Bush v Gore that was in the year 2000
and the Supreme Court said no look we
have fourteenth amendments really
important and we have to make sure that
every vote is equal it's a nationwide
election so I don't want Florida setting
different rules in the other states so I
don't care about their weekend I'm gonna
end their weekend I don't even want them
to recount the boat by the way when the
press organization is recounting a vote
in Florida it turns out Al Gore and not
just won the popular vote he had won the
electoral college he had won the state
of Florida so that's why the Republicans
in the Supreme Court blocked that and it
began the I don't know that it began it
but it certainly cemented the corruption
of the Supreme Court but they claimed
they cared so much about the 14th
amendment and make sure that everything
is equal well then you would certainly
care about the 14th amendment in this
context to make sure that one vote it
one man one vote principle of America is
is protected right and by the way now
the Supreme Court is looking at this at
a federal level as well now let's go to
Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Supreme Court
will hear oral argument on Wednesday in
a case alleging the state's 2011
congressional map drawn by Republicans
violates protections on freedom of
expression and equal protection in the
state's constitution similar idea I wait
till you get a load of their map in a
second but also good point here they're
like look this we're not just guided by
the US Constitution in Pennsylvania
we're also guided by the Pennsylvania
Constitution which actually it has
enshrined democracy even more
protections and in a better way and
saying that hey you're violating
Pennsylvania's Constitution here without
rageous gerrymandered map that you have
so to give you a sense of that since
2012 Republicans have consistently been
able to win 13 of the state's 18
congressional seats
despite winning only 50% of the
statewide vote man that is outrageous
they have 50
send the vote and in a democracy they
should have 50% of the seats like nope
we cheated we drew the map in a way that
even though we get 50% of the vote we're
gonna get 13 out of the 18 seats that's
not democracy that's not America yes
this is what the courts are supposed to
step in and say that is not
constitutional that is not one man one
vote now Michael Lee an expert here
explains win in Pennsylvania would
suggest that advocates may have been
overlooking the state constitutions many
of which like Pennsylvania's have more
expansive and robust rights and
protections than federal constitution
and when in Pennsylvania could open the
door to more state court litigation now
again this is bipartisan issue this term
the Supreme Court will also hear a First
Amendment challenge to Maryland's
congressional map which benefits
Democrats and I'm not in favor of
Maryland's map either I want democracy
call me crazy and finally one more here
from Sam Levine aye Huff Post drawing
the electoral map explains they say is
always going to be intertwined with
politics and courts have never
intervened to set a standard for how
much politics can factor into redrawing
district lines and I want you to have
that context yes in the past the courts
have been very reluctant to get involved
in drawing of the political maps because
they say that is a political question
and yes according to our system they're
supposed to leave that to the
representatives but now the
representatives are no longer
representative so that is when the
courts are supposed to protect the
Constitution and our system of
government and step in and say that's
unconstitutional you need to find a
system that is not this unfair that
Rob's all these people in Maryland
Pennsylvania Michigan North Carolina of
their right to their vote and to equal
representation so at least we're on that
road I hope we arrive at that conclusion
for all of our sakes if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
