so yesterday on the show I got a little
animated about how the Democrats are
watching the dacha fight so that's the
DREAM Act that's for the young kids who
were brought in the country and didn't
have a say on whether they were coming
in or not they've lived almost their
whole lives here in America and even
though they're undocumented they have
shown some degree of success there's
800,000 of them and this is the only
country they've known so the country is
united on the 70 percent of Americans
believe that they should be allowed to
stay that's the DREAM Act and and in
fact a majority of Trump voters believe
they should be able to stay and so one
of the points I made on the show was one
Democrats should fight harder and what
does that mean well you should assist on
a clean DREAM Act because you have the
American people on your side and if it
means that government shut down the
Republicans control the entirety of the
government the House Senate on the White
House so they would be blamed for the
shutdown this is a position of
incredible strength and if you don't use
this strength of this leverage and well
that you're never ever going to fight
back and it turns out even Republicans
agree with me so Joe Scarborough who is
a former Republican congressman and
definitely right-wing yes he's upset at
Donald Trump but he is definitely right
wing has been his whole life and and you
know morning Jose is pretty much the
thoughts of the establishment a lot of
ways Mike barnacles on there I don't
know what he claims his politics are but
these are you know very standard
conventional wisdom thinkers and even
they are going Wow rights are so weak if
they don't fight on this what will they
fight on now I have a theory as to why
they are not fighting but I want to
share with you after the clip first of
all look look at the state of affairs
when former Republicans and the leaders
of conventional wisdom even they agreed
to Democrats are weak watch I'm going to
talk to Democrats here because we've
been tough to with Republicans if you're
a Democrat and you do anything to help
this president who has sounded racist
and Republicans who've attacked dick
Durbin questioned his integrity question
his honesty if you were a Democrat and
do anything to help the government keep
help the help Republicans keep the
government open mm-hmm
without attaching a clean dhaka bill to
it then you don't deserve to be in the
majority this year at the end of this
year because you're too weak Democrats
have to go after them they were attacked
the president was racist in his remarks
he's now attacked the Congressional
Black Caucus and basically said their
jokes they've called dick Durbin a liar
you make them pay for that and while
you're making them pay for that you also
do what's good for America and you get
the dreamers you get a deal for the
dreamers or you don't give Republicans a
single vote they armed Congress if they
can't keep the government open the
voters were playing Republicans not
Democrats well Joe if they don't do that
they're clearly in the wrong business
because they don't understand when
they're playing from a position of sheer
strength which is what they are now
because they plan up against the
president you just described it and you
just subscribe this situation that the
Democrats are in as opposed to the
weakened Republicans because of the
president so look at all that that
they're saying first of all there's Joe
Scarborough
former Republican congressman clearly
right-wing saying if Democrats won't
fight for progressives
for progressive positions then they're
monumentally weak and Mike Barnicle
explains they're in a position of sheer
strength yet they are hesitant to use it
so what explains this I well there's
there's two factors and they are similar
so one is that well two and a half let's
tackle the half first so part of where
the Democrats get their money is unions
and so there's a lot of government
workers and government workers will vote
Democrat they also are in a lot of
unions so those guys go now I don't shut
the government down don't
don't okay well how about you know using
it as leverage for progressive victories
day but I work for the government or I
work for this unions so that's their
problem not my problem don't do it so
let's keep it real that's one of the
issues here today but the next big issue
is corporate donors overall because if
you shut the government down what
happens you want to know what happens
the markets go down nope no donor
Republican or Democrat wants that to
happen so they tell all their guys now
at Trump they can't control but they
tell the Democrats hey look at that
guy's out of control there's nothing you
could do about it so you better bow your
head because I will not risk the markets
all of our money's in the markets so
that's the thing they never ever talk
about on television almost never talk
about an EM print media either those
corporate donors tell them under no
circumstance do you ever threaten our
precious precious market where we have
all of our money so that's why you think
they're weak you're like well how in the
world can you not see that your position
of strength because they don't actually
have that position of strength because
they are told by their bosses hey I
don't care what you think you can get I
don't care if you have 70 percent
popularity on this issue I don't care if
you think you could win elections in
2018 I don't care if you win the
election I care that the market doesn't
go down you will not shut the government
down and they tell all of them and that
is why the day a huge reason why the
Democrats do not fight they're ordered
not to fight and then one last thing
about the weakness what what do donors
want if they want lower taxes and they
want deregulation which all helps their
bottom line and they want lower wages
for their workers which also helps their
bottom line they want really strong
Republicans who insist on deregulating
and lower taxes especially for
corporations I kind of like what we have
now and they want a controlled
opposition who is gonna say Oh golly gee
poke do that oh they got the tax cuts
again well they guess there's nothing we
can do right oh don't do this don't do
that well you there is something you
could do you shut the government
do that we're not gonna do that that you
could do this or that to block the
efforts of the Republicans they blocked
your Supreme Court nominee for a year
and it seemed like they couldn't do that
but they did do that what you need if
you are really wealthy powerful
corporate donors is really weak
Democrats a controlled opposition that
will constantly tell you there's nothing
we can do so there's 330 million people
in the country if you want to fund
strong progressives well you could fund
find plenty of strong progresses the
fund if you want to find weak Democrats
there's plenty a week Democrats defined
and so the magic trick is in the priests
election so they don't have to write
Democratic leaders at memo telling them
hey remember to be weak cowards and
always given the Republicans now do your
job they don't have to say that because
they already funded the weak Democrats
and propel them and and told everybody
else don't primary them that wouldn't be
unity don't primary them we already
pre-selected them to cower when they're
strong Republicans we also funded come
in and that's what they do so that's why
even Scarborough of article are like
cheap whoa how could the Democrats
because this week it's unbelievable it's
not unbelievable
they're paid to lose they're paid to be
that week that is what are
institutionalized corruption and
legalized bribery has led to so don't be
surprised the next time you see it
you will keep on seeing it until small
donor based uncorrupted progressives
actually defeat the corrupted corporate
Democrats if you don't defeat them they
will keep Oh golly gee accidentally
losing the Republicans even ones as
monstrous and unpopular as Donald Trump
don't listen to a guy who's sitting at a
32% popularity rating how is that
possible the only way that it's possible
is if that's not an accident if that's
not something they failed to defeat if
it's part of the plan and even then they
might not know that it's the plan again
doesn't have to be in a smoke-filled
room it could be that they got selected
because they are pathetically weak and
those donors had a sense they would
never fight back so the Republicans can
give corporations and the rich and
powerful everything they ever wanted
kind of like what's been happening for
the last 40 years what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
