more lawsuits are being filed against
the makers of metal on metal hip
implants after complaints emerged of
metal poisoning from the devices now
full disclosure as you know we handled
the first set of de PUE cases that came
out we were actually involved in
leadership took discovery in that case
we settled that first round of cases but
what we learned was was startling
actually what we learned was that the
there's a cobalt when you when you rub
metal on metal in the human body
synergistically you create chemicals or
there's already cobalt in the metal but
synergistically those chemicals are very
toxic and they move through your system
they move systemically through every
organ system and it's there's no
difference than a heavy metal poisoning
to some degree this is even worse
we found neurological diseases because
as you might imagine it affects the
neurological system you found issues
with issues with heart you found anytime
if you go but if you just go look at the
classic symptoms of heavy metal
poisoning you'd find all of them here
and in the documents the first go around
on the documents is very evident they
knew about it they talked about it they
had doctors saying hey I have these
people that are presenting with classic
symptoms of metal poisoning and when
they would open the patient up the area
around the the implants sometimes was
necrotic it was that the damage was such
that it actually damaged the tissue all
around the joint the hip joint and
that's a massive joint but you but the
necrosis was a huge problem obviously
for the tissue around and then the
biggest problem was you really couldn't
fix it in other words there but there
was so much damage in the area where the
hip joint was connecting up to where the
implant was you just couldn't fix it
because there's so much damage had
occurred around the the connective
tissue what's your take on this story
well you know these these hip implants
these DePuy ASR they'd actually been
voluntarily recalled many years ago a
lot of patients obviously the thought
of having to undergo another major hip
surgery you know you're out of
commission for months really especially
considering so some of them were not
able to do it they understood the risks
and they weren't able to but now they're
also developing the problems you know
it's too early for them to do it back
then right right so they didn't you know
they had just come off it and so it's
it's really hard for them to do this but
this is you know you talked about that
case we've got this one here that's a
continuation of that de PUE has kind of
been one of the repeat offenders here
you know that's a subsidiary of Johnson
& Johnson yeah we've seen it with a lot
of their products not all of them but
but a lot you almost kind of get your
sense well you see a Johnson & Johnson
product right yeah it's it sounds like a
real overstatement it's not these are
cases I've handled 35 years just nothing
but pharmaceutical cases medical device
cases but there's kind of a joke in the
industry when you see J&J involved with
it with the lawsuit and somebody saying
there's a problem most of the time there
is and you know now of course now it's
just not pharmaceuticals it's far as its
devices its talc and I gothic goes on
forever the the problems that this
company is having I don't know how
they're gonna weather all of this be
honest with you but this this is this is
a real case and people now because
there's a latency yeah the the implants
put in they they you know you want to
hope for the best a lot of these people
said I will I want to hope for the best
and to go in and say I want this removed
and replaced I mean that is a majors
major surgery and the older people
become I mean that the one of the
classic kind of ways that people in the
the end of their lives it's typically
centered around the hip broken hip right
so it's a major kind of surgery it's not
like I want to just go in and and remove
this Depew it's not that easy is it no
because a lot of these people and this
is why they did not do it at the time
either it was too soon after they had
just had it put in or their bodies are
no longer in the condition to where they
could survive any kind of surgery at all
they're stuck with it you know they
didn't necessarily make the choice for
this the doctor told him this is what's
best for you I trust my doctor I will go
through with what you say but now you
know I've had it five years we found out
it's bad but I have you know late stage
cancer now I can't go through this I
have chronic pneumonia I couldn't
survive going under for this surgery
yeah this is an ugly story in a lot of
ways too because this is another deal
where Johnson Johnson de PUE went out
and found these opinion leaders these
doctors that would stand you know
well-respected orthopods that would
write you know we're I'm a believer in
this product and they actually traveled
around making given speeches about what
a great revolutionary document I mean
the product this was all the time that
was happening all the time that Johnson
and Johnson had them out doing that the
full time in in deep you and Johnson
Johnson zone file cabinets there was
discussion about how dangerous this
could be because of metallosis
metallosis relating of course to right
from just the natural joint itself
rubbing against each other the cobalt
and chromium yeah we got a couple of
minutes here let's do this letter CBS is
facing shareholder lawsuits after the
network tried to cover up many many
sexual assault allegations against
former chairman and CEO Moonves I mean
but it wasn't just it wasn't just let a
lot of me it was not just less that was
involved in this there was a culture
there at CBS and I you know I it just
seems to pervade all of these you know
all these major networks
that I suppose they think they're above
it all you know they have they're making
a gazillion dollars a year they're
running a big network and the these
these sexual predator allegations are
outrageous but one quick way to get to
it is to have the shareholders say you
know you covered this up and because you
covered it up now it's going to cause me
as a shareholder a lot of money it's
kind of like musical chairs when this
was going on I didn't own your stock now
I do on your stock and everybody's come
full circle I'm gonna have to pay for
all your ignorant your predatory
stupidity
I got to pay for that this is this is a
lawsuit CBS better worry about right
absolutely and this affects people who
bought stock in the company I think from
2014 to 2018 so we're talking about four
years worth of people buying into this
stock while this company was covering up
for Moonves for Charlie Rose for Fager
so many people I mean you know we talk a
lot about the the stuff that happened at
Fox News with all those folks CBS doing
the same thing not getting near as much
coverage just CBS reporting on the fox
news story every night how horrible
how this is terrible you know less is
out there like predator extraordinaire
bumping into women all over the you know
all over the set and gets a golden
parachute of well over 100 million
dollars less you're gonna cause that
shareholders need to get that money back
