On January 23rd Bernie Sanders will be
having a town hall specifically on the
issue of Medicare for all a proposal
that he has been fighting for for quite
some time I am lucky enough to host that
Town Hall and I'm super excited about it
but what's even more exciting is that
you guys get to submit your questions
for this Town Hall so if you are
interested in submitting a question so
it could be considered to be included in
this town hall all you need to do is
send an email with your one-minute
YouTube video to TYT submission at
gmail.com so again you have to send it
in the form of a YouTube video make sure
you upload it as an unlisted link so you
know it'll be private it won't be public
but anyone who has the link can see it
so again one minute long unlisted link
send it to TYT submission at gmail.com
we will then send you a form that has
the terms and conditions that you have
to sign we cannot use your video unless
you sign that so please make sure you do
sign it and send it back to us and yeah
your video could be included in this
town hall and we really hope that you do
submit your questions because we know
you guys have some really smart
questions to ask and the topic is the
state of health care in America so again
send you send us your questions we will
certainly consider them and I'm really
looking forward to this Town Hall
January 23rd at 7 p.m. Eastern Time so
make sure you watch on facebook.com
slash the young turks okay a couple of
fun things number one is when I used to
read those things about making videos
I'd always be like now I know big Anna
you do videos hard because I'm older now
right and I'm like if I had to do it I'm
like how do I make the video right even
though we're the first-ever YouTube
Partner okay but now I
I trust you guys know how to make videos
right now the two cool parts are one is
that it's pretty cool that Anna's
hosting so you've seen all those town
halls with Anderson Cooper
and you know them SMBC host the Fox News
host and they all keep asking Bernie you
know are you a communist like Fidel
Castro right there won't be any
questions like that it's one of us who's
hosting with Bernie Sanders so which is
great and then it's pretty cool that you
get to ask Bernie a question well that's
legit we're gonna take some of those
videos so participate and this is why
it's great to do it online as opposed to
TV
god knows what process they go through
on TV we're just gonna try to pick the
best questions there are so go get them
be part of it and then make sure you
watch by the way we're gonna do all day
coverage we're gonna do is a regular
show at 6:00 p.m. Eastern here and
leading into we're gonna do only one
hour leading into the Town Hall coverage
at 7 o'clock and I will be in Washington
doing that we're here going to be in the
studio we're gonna watch the whole thing
together and afterwards we're gonna
analyze it so facebook.com slash the
Young Turks and also youtube.com slash
The Young Turks for the whole show and
make sure that you don't miss that
coverage you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
