the people of Hawaii were shocked and
incredibly scared after they received an
alert from the Emergency Management
Agency saying that a missile was set to
hit Hawaii now it ended up being a
mistake and now people are wondering how
it is that that mistake happened so let
me give you some of the details on that
the person or people in charge
apparently press the wrong button and
the alert was not supposed to go out to
everyone it was supposed to be a drill
to test the system and make sure that
everything was working fine
unfortunately the alert went out to
everyone and people were genuinely
concerned that a missile was gonna hit
and that they could lose their lives
there is the alert that they received it
said that a ballistic missile threat
inbound to Hawaii seek immediate shelter
this is not a drill and so if it says
it's not a drill of course you're gonna
take it seriously now we have a couple
examples of people reaching out to their
family members and leaving voicemails
just to give you a sense of how panicked
everyone was let's take a look at the
first video you can call me right back
but uh we just got know they're saying
that there's a missile threat coming
this way it's not a drill take covers
not really all of them can do but if
it's real and we're gone is let's say I
love you and then I have no girl Jessie
either so please talk to him and oh yeah
we'll see what happens but we can't seem
to find anything on the internet
anything but what came to our phones
saying there's a threat okay call me
back if you can hi all right let's give
you another example this one's even more
panicky if you're watching this video
that means I didn't make it
because of the missile that's coming
towards Hawaii
I just parted the last hole and I just
hit this shit Nick out of my ball so
lovey y'all but I'm playing golf the
last thing I'm gonna do okay so the
national weather service in Honolulu
released a statement saying that the
initial alert was meant to be a test
message it was not meant to be sent to
everyone so one of the employees pressed
the wrong button
that's the way it's been described it's
hard to believe that it's up to one
person pressing one button but here is
the Governor of Hawaii speaking to the
employee who took responsibility for
what occurred take a look
can you explain that error in depth as
much as you can it was a procedure that
occurs at the change of shift where they
go through to make sure that the system
is working and
and employee pushed the wrong button we
came down to a person pushing the wrong
button who is that person one of us it's
my responsibility so this would be my
fault the purpose of this is that the
change of shift briefing is for each
shift to understand what is the process
we'll take action to do to prevent this
from ever happening again so two things
about this it's unbelievable did they
don't have a double failsafe before they
put out a message saying this is not a
drill like it seems like two people
should at least press the button before
it goes to the public and person number
two should say are you sure right so if
that is in fact the system they ought to
fix it right away and whatever other
state or federal government has that
only one layer should fix it so that
there are two layers we don't want
things getting delayed but we also don't
want panic where a guy on a golf course
thinks well at least I hit a pond a
really nice shot before I died right so
but there's something fishy about this
story look I don't know it's impossible
to know and there's the guy saying I'm
the one who pressed the wrong button but
it feels like it's out of lost right
after the numbers it is a little weird
but on the other hand Trump has the
nuclear button on his desk and it's very
big that works that actually gets them a
diet coke but actually the point that I
want to make is I've seen a bunch of
videos and listened to a bunch of
messages that people have left on their
loved ones voicemail and to be quite
honest with you I'm shocked at how calm
people were given that there was
supposedly a missile threat and that
they were that they needed to take
shelter and also if a missile is headed
for an Iowan or a group of islands and
you know that it could cause serious
damage just destroy those islands like
shelter where like where are you
supposed to go yeah I don't know if
they've got shelters built in a way
because obviously Hawaii's been bombed
before but yeah I don't know that the
guy on the golf course knows where his
nearby shelter as well
had a threat like that in a long long
time if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
