yet more bad news this week for the u.s.
territory of Puerto Rico as Donald Trump
said during an interview with Fox News
that there is no way in hell he would
ever consider granting the island nation
statehood to become an official state of
the US and the reason is because Donald
Trump is such a petty little snowflake
that he doesn't want to even consider
giving them statehood because there's
people in on the island like San Juan
mayor Carmen Cruz who aren't nice to him
who are mean to him that is the actual
reason that Donald Trump gave as to why
he would not even consider giving Puerto
Rico statehood something that folks on
the island have been trying to get for
decades now because they have all the
burdens of being a US citizen they have
to pay taxes they have to do all that
stuff they just don't get any of the
benefits right they don't have a
representative or at least not a
representative that has a vote so
nobody's out there looking out for their
best interest but they must adhere to
all of the laws and regulations of the
United States so they have all the
burdens and none of the benefits and
obviously that's not fair I mean hell
that's what this country was founded on
right no taxation without representation
and yet we're doing it to the island of
Puerto Rico
here's Donald Trump's exact quote with
the mayor of San Juan as bad as she is
and as incompetent as she is Puerto Rico
shouldn't be talking about statehood
until they get some people that really
know what they're doing something they
talk about with people like that
involved in Puerto Rico I would be an
absolute no so Donald Trump the
snowflake president actually wouldn't
even consider it because Carmen Cruz has
been very critical of the Trump
administration and rightfully so because
of their disgusting and deliberately
heartless response to Hurricane Maria
I mean for this man to go out there and
continue to attack this woman a week
after he denied the official death
on the island from the hurricane is
absolutely disgusting and he talks about
you know they need good leadership they
need strong leadership and then we can
talk about it you know who needs good
strong leadership those of us on the
mainland in the United States too
because it certainly isn't you mr. Trump
mr. Trump you are absolutely one of the
most heartless disgusting weak-willed
presidents that I have ever seen in my
entire lifetime and hopefully we never
see anyone like you sitting in the Oval
Office again those people in Puerto Rico
are United States citizens and they
deserve the same kind of benefits that
the rest of us get to enjoy you don't
get to hammer their leadership because
they're upset that you let more almost
3,000 people die on their Island because
you and your corrupt and incompetent
government couldn't get their act
together to get down there and save
people that's not a problem with the
leadership on the island that's a
problem with the leadership in the Oval
Office
