during Donald Trump's interview with The
Wall Street Journal he talked a little
bit about how awesome he is or at least
how awesome he thinks he is and how
incredibly successful he's been
throughout his life now there was no
question asked by the reporters in
regard to his success in fact the
question that prompted Trump's ego
boosting rant was as follows mr.
president you made reference to the book
Steve Bannon and then Trump interrupts
and says just and so so I was successful
successful successful I was always the
best athlete people don't know that but
I was successful at everything I ever
did and then I run for president first
time first time no not three times not
six times I ran for president first time
and lo and behold I win and then people
say oh is he a smart person I'm smarter
than all of them put together but they
can't admit it they had a bad year see
but this this is exactly what I'm saying
this kind of narcissism it feeds off of
attention it doesn't matter if it's
negative attention it doesn't matter if
it's positive attention as long as his
name remains relevant as long as we were
consistently talking about him I know
I'm doing that I'm having a
self-reflexive moment then he I know I
know there's a little resistance to
confront this because we do have to hold
him accountable to his craziness that's
for sure but you saw what happened when
there was a rallying cry to put to put
him at odds with with Bannen and that
was a simple strategy they used the
phrase president banning president
Bannon and that got to him that got
under too under his skin that's a great
point and and and like what would happen
if this is my question
after like sifting through 18 pages of
like rambles and then seeing his tweets
constantly pop up what would happen if
the media decided to ignore him for a
week if there was some sort of pledge
that would I have I have a I have a I
don't want to say better strategy but an
alternative strategy I want to hear we
can try both I get also judge
in an idea I win all of the strategy
idea hi everyone thinks that I'm the
best athlete and I have the best
strategy in this lo and behold I'm gonna
try okay no but I think I think it would
be much more interesting if the media
ignored all of his provocative tweets
and his provocative statements and only
hyper focused on policy related issues
and that's it exactly and not tying it
to his name
maybe tying it to an administration did
he leave his name out what would that
look like that do so let's just say
Wednesday that I will just say president
McConnell just go through it until he's
gotten rid of everybody like every day
person who's better that's the takeaway
I loved from fire and fury nobody knows
who's running the show and so we can
just assign assign that role to each
character until everybody is knocked off
whether another crazy thing about this
interview is yeah we've seen the tweets
in there each by themselves this is the
first time I've really seen all the
nonsense in one place for such an extent
as compendium so you yeah you could
think that well he goes away he looks at
his day he's like what one thing can I
say to drive the news cycle no that's
that was my theory as he sits there and
he looks he's like all right here's
today what I choose but no I think it's
just a default setting or any and all
things that jump into his mind he will
run through his personal filter of well
I'm the best right thus dot-dot-dot
and he just Chuck's it out at everything
I I think that he he doesn't really have
a filter I mean he likes to put that you
know that Rosie I'm better than everyone
you know perspective on himself that's
for sure but I think more than anything
he just speaks as he's thinking
whatever's coming to his mind he just
says it whereas I think most people give
themselves a beat to really think about
what's about to come out of their mouth
but I think there's a lot of politicians
who you'll see they're the ones who
don't answer the question the same way
every time
when it's asked did you order the coat
red they'll be like it was important
that we made a decision at that moment
and we were on you're just like wait
what are you talking about and that's
their filter is like I bring it in I put
it through these out this way Trump he
does have a filter or at least he has
he's a fucking a function it comes in
this way he changes it and it goes out
through hit and what his filter which is
I am the best I have a total narcissist
and and wedding to my mind but it's
always through that filter
I'm incredibly insecure and what do I
have to do to reverse these feelings
within yeah it's very stuff what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
