Republicans around the country are in
the opening phases of a radical plan to
change how Medicaid works for millions
of Americans so under current law the
way that Medicaid works is it's based
almost entirely on your income and the
Trump administration is now telling
States that they can introduce a new
requirement at certain Medicaid
recipients also work in order to receive
health coverage through their program
which is not historically again how it
has worked ten states now have proposals
pending with the Trump administration to
impose some kind of work or community
engagement requirement almost all of
them shockingly led by Republican
legislatures and governors I love that
this is coming right off the bat of
giving 1.5 trillion dollars to some
other richest people the world has ever
known we now have to crack down on the
people who are make so little money that
the government is subsidizing their
health insurance
now let's talk about how these might
actually look in practice so the Centers
for for Medicaid basically in government
urges States to target any work
requirements for non-disabled working
adults pregnant women the disabled and
the medically frail are expected to be
exempt according to this government
organization however the guidance that
the government released on Thursday
appears to only suggest not mandate that
those populations should be excluded
from any work requirements and so it is
possible that at some point who are
women even disabled women who are
pregnant will be expected to maintain a
certain amount of employment to qualify
for the health insurance money now
additionally states are advised to
consider a range of activities to
fulfill the work requirements including
actual employment the most obvious form
but also what if you don't have a job
and you're doing job training or
volunteering or caregiving important
positions CMS officials said States
would have broad authority to decide
what will actually be considered in
compliance with their work requirements
so while they would like CMS would like
it to be a thing where if you're
volunteering or if you're training if
you're trying to you know get a job that
will count but in practice it might not
and this was going to be we were gonna
cover this and it was going to be sort
of a hypothetical that 10 states have
this pending except it's not
hypothetical anymore as of today we have
a state Kentucky has become the first to
receive permission to apply the work
requirement we don't know exactly what
form it will come in but that is going
to affect a lot of people in Kentucky
and the worst thing about this of course
is that it's not just sort of offensive
that this is the people that they're
targeting but also that it doesn't make
so that the the narrative that they're
putting out is that all these people are
freeloaders that are accepting their
Medicaid and they could be working but
goddamn them they're not but
statistically that doesn't actually make
sense
a study in Michigan that looked at those
receiving money for under Medicaid found
that only twenty seven point six percent
were actually out of work not working
but would work so the vast majority
already were working and of those who
weren't two-thirds said they had a
chronic physical illness thirty five
percent say they'd been diagnosed with a
mental illness one-quarter said they had
a physical or mental condition that
interfered with their ability to
function at least half of the time and
if you'd like to take a look at this
chart you'll see other reasons why the
idea that these people are just
freeloaders who are stealing government
money for the sin of not wanting to die
is not actually it doesn't make sense on
the ground but Kentucky can now do it
and at least nine other states are
trying to in the near term I mean we're
in a big hole in this country you know
we're in a deficit and we're in a big
hole and how are we gonna get out of
this hole unless we push some poor sick
people in it to fill it up and then you
climb you climb over it you climb out of
them yeah so this is what I would like
to see dick durbin talking about Tang
right cuz this is real ugly and
this hasn't a direct impact on people's
lives and this is the again the
demonization of the poor in this country
so it's and it's not just rich
Republicans it's it's everybody has this
beaten into them like I used to make fun
of there's a comedian mate but why do
people make fun of people who work at
fast-food places the guy says if you're
35 or 40 and you still work at a
fast-food restaurant you're you're
mentally stupid or something I don't
want to say the word he said and and I'm
like why do we do that why do people so
again this is more that this is us being
angry and trying to hurt people who are
the poorest and the most vulnerable in
our society and that's what the people
of Democrats traditionally stand up for
so it would be nice if this was a big
deal today I would like for this to be a
big deal it's mind-blowing that that's
our good this is what they're gonna
there's thirty million people without
health care already in this country we
want to add that we want to make that
number go up a little bit you want to
drive as many off of it as possible and
so this says this is the thing you kill
Trump with yeah oh no absolutely cuz
this is there's no reason for this it's
absolutely gross and when you're looking
at this lately where they're squeezing
these nickels and dimes out of the
poorest among us the defense budget was
how much money there was how much money
just this thrown atom that didn't even
ask that your neighbors and yes it's an
x-ray you're a lot actually it's an
extra eighty billion dollars that they
spent this year that they didn't need to
spend over the bill budget from last
year yeah it's been said twenty billion
dollars could end homelessness in the
United States twenty billion that's it
but then our country would fall
well I wouldn't we wouldn't have the
military necessary we would only have
the military necessary to do every
everyone on the planet
that's the only thing that we could do
then so isn't that something like what
like why isn't that part of the
Democrats platform why isn't that well
some of them let's certainly Bernie
Sanders talking about business right
like that should be like their agenda
and we can do that we could actually do
that there's cities around the country
that have done that I think even Salt
Lake City is actually treat to 1000
maybe just every veteran anyway are
better than we could do that we can just
start there right so and you know so
that's why it's so crazy we're the
richest country in the face of the earth
I've ever seen and we're still trying to
deny health care to the poorest and most
vulnerable people in our society and
these are winning issues if you're
running yeah yeah it we could be I mean
the idea that this is going to in any
way pay for the huge cost of the tax
cuts of course it's not going to but
also to some extent I think the
Republicans just like this sort of
policy or you know if you're on welfare
we're gonna drug test you I'm assuming
you're probably on drugs and not the
cool drugs that I get from the doctor
you're on poor people drugs and so we're
gonna make you a drug test for that and
I think one of the reasons they do it is
a lot of their voters alike that stuff
they like to see you know maybe I'm not
well-off and like it would be great to
have policies actually improve my life
but if that's not gonna happen at least
I want to be able to look down on other
people who are poorer than me yes and
that's what the rich have been doing
throughout the history of America is
pitting people who need the most help
against each other so that they don't
actually get their situation improved
well I think Republicans have really
and as of recent that they just hate the
idea of health insurance I mean I mean
there's footage of Paul Ryan saying like
II the problem with health insurance is
that it's actual insurance and poor
people can get help or the healthy
healthy say for the sick what which is
the whole purpose of insurance he's
recognizing I know what insurance is I
just hate the idea of it I don't like it
that's why the AHCA took health care
away from millions of people a bill that
actually is a quote health care bill
that takes health care away from
millions of people it was like how many
millions can we exclude so you know
still fit in with 51 votes yes so it's
like when you have one side that just
hates the idea of health insurance in
general yeah another side that just has
no plan whatsoever you know you you have
nothing to vote for you have something
to vote against well these people hate
health care these people want to see me
die in the streets that's bad but still
don't have health care you just watch
the video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
