the US military is now facing a new
threat and it could compromise its
ability to defend our country long-term
it's not North Korea it is actually the
u.s. diet oh I thought so I thought when
you said it the US military has to do
threats like oh people are gonna start
thinking rationally is that the threat
yeah is that okay I'm sorry people might
think rationally about what our budget
should be like as we talked about
earlier
no we haven't reached that yet but there
is this threat and so a study was
conducted into the ability to recruit
physically able Americans to serve in
the military and researchers found that
it is a problem it's because of obesity
researchers found the issue is
particularly evident in 11 southern
states Alabama Arkansas Florida Georgia
Louisiana Mississippi North Carolina
South Carolina Tennessee and Texas where
recruits were found to be quote
significantly less fit and/or more
likely to become injured than recruits
from other US states a study concluded
that these 11 states are
disproportionately burdensome for
military readiness and national security
for two reasons first high obesity rates
mean the candidate pool for the military
is dwindling second individuals with
poor physical training levels prior to
being recruited have an increased risk
for injury during a basic combat
training and that is financially
consequential because if you do train
someone and because of their prior lack
of physical fitness they become injured
that apparently cost the Department of
Defense roughly 31,000 dollars that was
back in 2005 probably a little higher
now and so overall outside of the south
what does this actually look like if
you're trying to recruit for the
military there are 33 point 4 million
Americans between 17 and 24 which is
historically the military's prime
demographic for recruitment but less
than 30% of them are actually qualified
due to an array of disqualifying factors
including poor physical fitness and
obesity and so they're still hitting
their their goals like they say we want
X number they're getting them but the
reason is it's related to this action if
you bring this up over 8,000 recruits
received waivers for obesity and related
issues in 2017 it's up from 6700 and
2016 so this is a rapidly rising thing
as with although bisa t related
statistics it is getting bigger fast Wow
Wow
I know how I'm that's got to drive Trump
crazy because I know he was so weight
conscious with his booty to intestines
whatever that yeah it was crazy he's
criticizing that one
I forgot her name but yeah yeah and look
I mean how this actually affects the
military I don't who cares they care
about that but what I do care about is
us I've talked about this recently I was
telling you before the show like we
can't tell what is threatening us
we think it's terrorism or we think it's
god only knows what but it's not it's
normal stuff
it's texting while driving it is what we
stuff in our face holes that's what's
going to kill us it's killing us right
now slowly many of these people who
don't qualify to join the military will
end up dying for a host of metabolic
related issues like heart disease and
cardiovascular disease all sorts of
diabetes and related issues and that is
that's only getting worse a year by year
and occasionally we have a little bit of
a conversation but not for very long and
it is killing us as a country why and I
think I agree with you our food culture
is incredibly problematic and I think a
lot of it has to do with access I mean
the fact that we have food deserts and
again Trias richest the United States
thank you is is absolutely what does the
food desert food desert is we're like
and I don't know the specific way they
designate it but there is only so much
food available within a radius so it's
like when you have a lack of grocery
stores in your area particularly fresh
food and fresh produce grown in stores
fast food stuff like that mm-hmm and so
and a lot of these people they're very
poor they might not have a car you know
I mean there was a report I saw a couple
years ago there was this guy at a family
of three and no car he would do you know
four hours round trip to get produce for
the week and he's not evil you know some
of it went bad when he got home and then
stuff like that I mean this is something
that happens in the United States and
and this is something that you know
we're not you know it's easier to get
food that's not as healthy so a lot of
it yes but like they're they're eating
stuff that yeah it's food for them but
it's cuz that's all they can afford for
them this is like a special treat this
is all they can afford and it's just
like the way we go about our food
culture is just completely backwards and
I mean some of the laws we have are you
know not even legal in other countries
and this has come from a guy that does
love the occasional process macaroni and
cheese I know it's a street but I
Lovitz online not technically food but
it's enjoyable exactly but it is
enjoyable yeah as Michael Pollan says we
mostly eat edible food-like substances
in this country and this is this is in
to some extent a government thing I mean
how much information we get the
government puts out food guides and
stuff like that and it tends to be based
off of long discredited information
leads us to eating stuff that again
increases the chance of these things
killing us
what are we subsidized in this country
in terms of government dollars who
subsidize corn and what do they make out
of it high fructose corn syrup for the
most part we could be subsidizing
vegetables and things like that and to
some extent we do occasionally but
generally corn is the thing and then
specific policies and this is something
I remember when it was announced back
under the Obama administration
I had rarely been as excited about a
piece of government regulation as they
were finally going to add to nutrition
labels added sugars which i think is one
of the single most important things that
causes people to not understand how
unhealthy a lot of food is because added
sugars are put into almost everything in
the supermarket now and they finally
said they're gonna do that and there's a
period where they need to phase it in
and in the first year of Donald Trump he
said that he is going to be rescinding
that I don't know the current state
maybe they backed off of that as they
have many things but we need to know
what we're eating like a lot of people
don't know how bad some of this stuff is
and they can't get the information
because the government is allowing
companies to hide it from them if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
