hello to our fantastic TYT viewers I am
honored to be here with the legendary
senator Bernie Sanders legendary
legendary our audience certainly thinks
so and I'm very happy to be here because
we are about to discuss policy something
that you don't see very often in most
media coverage and we're gonna talk
about healthcare in the United States
and what we can do to improve it now I
want to start this off by asking you
senator Sanders what the number-one
issue on your mind is in the Trump era
because during the election you brought
up so many important issues you know
affordable housing of college tuition
getting money out of politics health
care in the Trump era priorities are
gonna shift a little I'm guessing so
what is the most important in this
disastrous moment in American history my
overarching concerns is the movement
toward authoritarianism and the
undermining of democracy and Trump doing
that by trying to divide us up by the
color of our skin of the country we were
born in or our religion in a way that no
president that they dreamed of doing and
simultaneously with that is the movement
toward oligarchy where you are seeing a
smaller and smaller number of
billionaires exercising extraordinary
power over our economy and our political
I think got three people in America now
who own more wealth than the bottom half
of the American people and the Koch
brothers and others are trying to
basically buy our democracy electing
right-wing Republicans so those are the
over arching concerns that I have and
then underneath that you got a million
issues in terms of the decline of the
middle class and racism and everything
else so how do we mobilize progressives
and just true believers in a fair
democratic system to spread the message
against all the propaganda out there
that leads Americans to vote against
their best interests and by the way
congratulations to you Young Turks
and other digital media for breaking
through barriers in providing
information to people that we don't see
on corporate television we're gonna talk
about medicare-for-all today yes
virtually not discussed on CBS NBC ABC
etc any answer your question hmm
you do not have the opportunity today
nobody to say oh I'm living in despair
I'm the skirt I am so depressed sorry
you don't have that opportunity because
what's going on now is not just
impacting you in your world this is for
future generations are we gonna have a
planet that is in fact habitable you
know or is climate change going to
ravage this country and other countries
around the world you can't sit by idly
you got to fight back and here is the
very good news and I want everybody to
understand this virtually every major
issue that we talked about the American
people are with us they are not with
Donald Trump they don't believe we
should get PACs breaks to billionaires
and raise taxes on the middle class they
don't believe we should throw 30 million
people up a health insurance they
believe we should raise the minimum wage
they believe in equal pay but when
etcetera etc our job is to mobilize to
educate to organize the stand up to
fight back we are beginning to see that
we saw that on November 7th we saw it
just the other day in Alabama where a
huge african-american turnout against
all the odds defeated Roy Moore in
elected Doug Jones so we are making
progress good people are starting to run
for office if you're out there he was
some thought you can run for school
board you can run for City Council you
know what you could do those things
let's get involved so let's move on to
policy specifically Medicare for all
which is a policy that you have been
vociferously supportive of what would a
Medicare for All system look like in
your dream world where you get exactly
what you want yes what it would look
like it's not even a dream world this is
not utopian this more or less exists in
every other major country on Earth Day
because 50 miles away from where I live
in Burlington like this is what it means
okay it means you don't have a lot of
money out there a lot of people viewing
this program don't have a lot of money
dr. whenever you want to go to the
doctor if God forbid you know you've
become seriously you're gonna be able to
go to the hospital you're not gonna have
to worry about paying the bills because
it's gonna be paid for by public funding
and by the way and this is an important
point to be made Medicare for all in
Canada cost fifty percent of what our
dysfunctional help yes it's of course
right now we're gonna save middle-class
families money we're gonna save small
businesses money second of all all right
you're a young person out there maybe
you're now at a job as millions of
people off you don't like your job
right it happens once but twice in our
lives we don't like the work like why
are we in the work and why are we at the
job we're at because maybe they're
providing decent health insurance and
maybe have four kids
maybe a husband you have a wife you need
good health insurance when we have
Medicare for all you mean you don't have
to stay in a job you don't want just
because of the health care you can start
a new business you can go to some other
type of company you can then you'll be
better able to do the work you want not
have to worry about health care third of
all you're a small business you're a
decent human being you'll want to
provide health insurance to your
employees frankly it costs you a fortune
to do that you spend half your life
trying to figure out how you get the
best price for health care that you can
free in place and I couldn't do that
anymore
they don't do that in Canada they don't
do that in the UK because every one of
your workers will have health care as a
right so what does it mean it means
freedom of choice regarding the doctor
you want to go to the hospital you go to
it means not having to worry with your
rich or poor how you gonna pay the bill
it means you don't have to stay in a job
you don't want it means you have to
spend half your life it's a small
businessman worrying about health care
it means that as a nation we will be
spending 50% less per capita on health
care than we currently do this is a very
very important step forward and we've
got to join the rest of the
industrialized world in expanding
Medicare to cover every man woman I
travel senator Sanders I have to be
honest with you in that having these
conversations with you is depressing and
the reason why it's diverse is very nice
to me because as I sit across from you
it
it's hard to absorb what could have been
in this country and in terms of our
leadership but you know it's a play
devil's advocate current polling
indicates that about 60% of Americans
are in favor of a Medicare for All
system so the majority of Americans
you're right
are in favor but for the remaining 40%
who are either unsure or against it one
of their concerns is taxation all my
taxes are absolutely good good point and
please understand that number one there
has been very very little political or
media coverage about what a Medicare for
All system is about which is why I
appreciate you talking to you about we
don't see this on corporate media number
two you got the insurance companies and
the drug companies who will fight this
tooth and down you got right-wing
Republicans who will fight it and they
will lie about it so let me answer the
question in the u.s. it's a good
question and what the 30-second ads that
I've already been run against me say
Bernie Sanders and advocates of Medicare
for they want to raise your taxes oh my
god that's terrible thing
what are they forgetting to say they are
forgetting to say that we are doing away
with your private health insurance
premiums so let's just say you are a
person in the individual market you're
self-employed maybe you're spending ten
fifteen thousand dollars a year the
health insurance you're not going to
have to pay that anymore are you gonna
be paying more in taxes yes you are
depending upon your income let's say
hypothetically you're now paying 10
million ten thousand dollars a year to a
private insurance company you help yeah
that's gone you pay five thousand more
in taxes hypothetically you're five
thousand through the good okay you're a
small business person you may be now
paying on average about $9,000 per
employer and if you end up paying five
thousand more in taxes and not on me pay
that 9,000 to a private health insurance
you are to the good point is that a
Medicare for All system is far more
efficient and cost-effective it will
cost us less money that will benefit
virtually everybody so you brought up
the big campaign donors the
pharmaceutical industry the private
insurance industry and how they will
fight tooth and nail and they have
resources that the average American
doesn't have to influence us certain
politicians so is it possible to get a
Medicare for All system under our
current political client great question
and let me give you an example of the
power that these people have last year I
went to California to help the folks
there campaign for a ballot initiative
that would have lowered prescription
drug costs in the state of California
take a wild and crazy guess as to how
much money the drug companies spent good
with people
millions hundred and thirty million
hundred and thirty million similar
proposal was brought up in in Ohio not
as big a state as California they spent
something like 55 million the drug
companies literally unlimited resources
like Fort Knox they have just as much as
they need and the reason they have so
much money as they charge us by far the
highest prices in the world not doubled
with the rest of the world pays with
prescription drugs so your question
which is a very important question is
can we if you have Donald Trump as
president and report right-wing
Republicans running the house of the
Senate mmm are you going to get Medicare
for all cancers of course not and that
ties in the need for the need for a
political revolution Canada got their
single-payer health care system way back
when from 30 years ago when in
Saskatchewan you had a premium who had
the guts to take on the whole system it
worked in Saskatchewan it eventually
spread all over the country in the UK
their national health system developed
in 1948 I believe when the Labour Party
took power there a political revolution
so what we need in this country is to
bring working people together young
people together progressives together
the demand a government that works for
of us not the 1% and an implicit part of
that is the guarantee that healthcare is
a right not a privilege so you're
working tirelessly to get the message
out there to help mobilize voters and
and get them to do something about this
corrupt political system but I'm curious
about your colleagues specifically your
Democratic colleagues I know that you
have co-sponsors when it comes to the
Medicare for all
policy but not nearly enough supporters
in the Senate to pass this type of
legislation why is that
well as of now in addition to myself we
have 16 co-sponsors and your viewers
would know the names of them there they
are generally speaking most of the most
progressive members of the Senate and in
the house there are also a very
significant number of co-sponsors to a
single-payer bill oh the reason that we
don't have more is that I think many
members of the Congress are nervous
about just the issue that we don't know
and you stand up to the pharmaceutical
industry and the insurance industry are
and the ideology of right wing
Republicans they're gonna come at me
they're going to throw a lot of money
into political campaigns but the good
news here is that a couple years ago
when I introduced civil legislation I
had one sponsor so we're making progress
and the more important news is the
American people are catching on that the
Affordable Care Act was a step forward
but it did not go far enough momentum is
with us but to get to your point we are
not going to do this unless there's a
political revolution unless people
become engaged politically and demand
that the government's thoughts work for
something all of us including health
care for all so I want to conclude this
conversation by talking about a really
great idea that you had and you've
noticed that mainstream press had no
interest in covering this policy they
didn't want to talk about Medicare for
all whatever reason well we know what
the reasons we don't talk whatever
reason you turn on television today what
are you gonna see the pharmaceutical
industry one of these crazy ads
about taking these drugs with all of the
side effects and that's another story
but they are dependent on on advertising
from the pharmaceutical industry and the
insurance companies you're right and you
know just as our politicians are bought
mainstream media is experiencing the
same type of corruption so there is a
way to get around that and that is
independent media so you have this great
idea that I would like you to share with
our audience and it's something that
we're working on at the moment it is a
great idea not just my idea but a lot of
people here's the idea is Google number
one really for the first time I think we
are gonna have a town meeting devoted
toward a better understanding of what
medicare-for-all let's the answer some
of the very good questions that you
raised we're gonna hear from positions
we hear from economists we'll hear from
people who may be critical of the idea
and listen to their concerns but we will
spend a significant amount of time
talking about why the United States is
the only major country on Earth not to
guarantee health care to all what we
spend twice as much per capita for a
dysfunctional healthcare system that's
one thing but here's the second thing
that excites me very much is I have
believed for a very very long time that
not that corporate media is fake news
that's not what it's it's about it's not
that they lie about this or that but
there are major areas where for a
variety of reasons mostly economic they
choose not to focus all right they're
not gonna focus too much about income
and wealth inequality there's the people
who own their networks are in the 1% and
they're not going to focus on an issue
like Medicare for all because of the
dependency on pharmaceutical industry
advertising an insurance company
advertising so what we have done in the
Young Turks are right in the middle of
it is put together several independent
media sources outside of corporate media
we're going to be broadcasting and live
streaming this event and I am
extraordinarily excited about that
because what we are doing with your help
great work you guys are doing is
allowing us
we hope and expect to talk to millions
of people directly without having to go
through corporate media where we can
have a serious discussion without being
censored in terms of the areas that we
can go into and have the time to do it
so I am really excited about this this
is I think kind of revolutionary I do
think it's revolutionary and and one of
my criticisms during the past election
especially during the primaries was that
the debates were only being held by
mainstream media outlets and a lot of
the important issues weren't being
talked about absolutely and so it will
be awesome to kind of dig into this
policy and and also hear from other
medical professionals from other
countries who have some have you heard
let me just deep her a little bit to
pick up on your point in terms of
corporate media coverage you hear a lot
on television about the disastrous
citizens united why do you think that
you know why not they benefit they are
the major beneficiaries of all of these
30-second ads that Citizens United has
allowed to take place through
independent expenditures but your point
is exactly right what we need is a forum
and an opportunity to talk about real
issues without worrying about you know
the economic interests coming down on us
so I am very excited about this we think
it is revolutionary in the sense this
could be the very first step in bringing
millions of people into serious
discussion about the serious issues
facing our country with the time that we
need to really go into depth about that
so I want to thank the Young Turks and
the other independent digital companies
Thank You senator Sanders and thank you
so much to everyone watching please keep
an eye out for the town hall that we
were just speaking about we are working
on it and it will be an important
conversation that again you're not
really seeing on the cable news networks
