Bernie Sanders has turned away from
mainstream media in an effort to work
with independent media outlets to
provide coverage on his medicare-for-all
proposal this is really great news
because for once there will be coverage
on a topic that delves into a specific
policy rather than a high school like
catfight between Democrats and
Republicans so this all kind of began
when Bernie went to you know mainstream
media networks and asked that they host
this townhall coverage and apparently
they said no so on the evening of
January 23rd Sanders will host a
90-minute national town hall on
proposals for Universal Medicare
streamed by progressive video outlets
now this attention and but you look at
that The Young Turks he said I talked to
a very well-known TV journalist and said
you know I think it'd be really great to
have a town hall on single-payer you can
design it however you want but the
journalist kind of didn't follow through
on it he said Bernie that's a great idea
we'll run it up the food chain I never
heard back yeah probably what his
executive it's at one of those cable
news networks asked was yeah but who
does he fight and and what kind of food
will they be throwing at one another
well it's about policy a policy that
generously paid TV hosts don't
necessarily care too much about now I
want to toss to a little snippet of an
interview that I did with Bernie Sanders
on this topic so let's take a look at
that and we'll discuss you've noticed
that mainstream press had no interest in
covering this policy they didn't want to
talk about Medicare for all for whatever
reason well we know what the reason
we're not taught whatever reason mm-hmm
you turn on television today what are
you gonna see the pharmaceutical
industry running these crazy ads I'd be
nervous about taking these drugs with
all the side effects that's another
story right but they are dependent on
advertising from the pharmaceutical
industry in the interest right and you
know just as our politicians are bought
mainstream media is experiencing the
same type of corruption so there is a
way to
around that and that is independent
media so you have this great idea that I
would like you to share with our
audience and it's something that we're
working on at the moment it is a great
idea not just my idea but a lot of
people here's the idea is to number one
really for the first time I think we are
gonna have a town meeting devoted toward
a better understanding of what Medicare
or let's the answer some of the very
good questions that you raise we're
gonna hear from physicians we hear from
economists we'll hear from people who
may be critical of the idea and listen
to their concerns but we will spend a
significant amount of time talking about
why the United States is the only major
country on earth not to guarantee health
care to all what we spend twice as much
per capita per dysfunctional healthcare
system that's one thing but here's the
second thing that excites me very much
is I have believed for a very very long
time that not that corporate media is
fake news that's not what it's it's
about it's not that they lie about this
or that but there are major areas where
for a variety of reasons mostly economic
they choose not to focus all right
they're not gonna focus too much about
income and wealth inequality because the
people who own their networks are in the
1% and they're not gonna focus on an
issue like Medicare for all because of
the dependency on pharmaceutical
industry advertising an insurance
company advertising so what we have done
in the Young Turks are right in the
middle of it
is put together several independent
media sources outside of corporate media
we're going to be broadcasting and live
streaming this event and I am
extraordinarily excited about that
because what we are doing with your help
great work you guys are doing is
allowing us the opportunity we hope and
expect to talk to millions of people
directly without having to go through
corporate media so I love that that
Bernie Sanders is turning to this and
Dave Wagle does a good job with this
piece in The Washington Post and he
mentioned near the end you know
look he lives in Washington - it's hard
not to be influenced by the ubiquitous
cable news that anybody in Washington is
obsessed with everybody in Washington is
obsessed with but he notes at the end of
the article oh by the way Bernie did a
video about Universal Medicare bill that
he was promoting last summer and he got
a hundred million views I liked just in
passing he got a hundred million views
well that's a hundred appearances on CNN
he would have to go on CNN for one third
of the year to get that many views but
it's funny like the old world's like oh
yeah of course I mean you get a hundred
million views online you don't get
nearly as much on TV but TV remember is
more important no it's not so Bernie has
the exact right strategy and Weigel
quoted another really smart progressive
that said the mainstream media continues
to ignore how income inequality and the
lack of a decent health care system
devastates the middle class all right
that was Ana Kasparian look and I did a
panel with Bernie which we put up
earlier now the full interview that that
you just saw a part of will go up later
on youtube.com slash The Young Turks but
don't miss the town hall on the 23rd
facebook.com slash The Young Turks so
right there we're all going to be
broadcasting it and make sure that we
get the message out to all Americans
because they need to hear that message
there are real policy alternatives and
we can win on this issue absolutely so
January 23rd 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time
don't miss it facebook.com slash The
Young Turks if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
