so you remember what Donald Trump said
during the election about coal if you
don't we've got a video coming up which
you are going to love he said he's gonna
bring the jobs back he told the coal
miners and he's gonna bring the jobs
back so much that quote get ready cuz
you're going to be working your asses
off okay know what a trump is a mattes
so and he went on to say among this does
is of course again we'll have the video
for you in a second
well this one was my favorite he said
we've ended the war on beautiful clean
coal it's just been announced that a
second brand-new coal mine where they're
going to take out clean coal meaning
they're taking out coal they're going to
clean it is opening in the state of
Pennsylvania the second one now the
story today is about coal mines in
Pennsylvania but did you notice what he
said there he thinks clean coal is when
they take out the coal and then they
clean it Wow there is no end to that
stupid okay so we today go to
Pennsylvania see what's going on let's
check in if he delivered on his promises
now Green County Pennsylvania believe
them 68% of them voted for Trump giant
giant margin of victory over there
helped them win the state of
Pennsylvania helped to win the election
absolutely critical
well local news station WTVA reports
today that 370 coal miners are expected
to be unemployed after a coal mine
located in Greene County Pennsylvania
closes for good this year now wait a
minute that's what we told you guys did
he was full of crap and that he couldn't
actually change the dynamics of the coal
industry at large but he said oh I'm
gonna put you back bring it back it's
gonna be beautiful clean coal and what
happened on his watch that mine closes
the as Ross story explains the mind
closing would all but wipe out any gains
made in coal mining employments this
Trump's election as the coal industry is
so far out at just 500 jobs over the
last year now 370 are gone so almost
nothing added he said he's gonna bring
back although
jobs almost nothing okay now they talked
to Blair Zimmerman and Blair Zimmerman
is a former coal miner and now he's a
green county commissioner chairman
he said they voted for Trump referring
to us County because he said he'd bring
back Kol it's not happening
there's not been any significant change
in the industry since he's taken over
and they explained a little further
Zimmerman said the despite the election
of Trump the low price of natural gas
has continued to hammer the coal
industry just as it did during the Obama
administration in all Zimmerman says
it's very hard to see coal coming back
as Trump has repeatedly promised look
don't get me wrong
unlike the other guys were fair so it's
not like Trump made them close the coal
mine or anything that Trump did in
particular caused the that coal mine to
to go under it's that the original
statements were lies when he said open a
brick coal back how how are you gonna
bring it back natural gas is cheaper
that's why they're not surviving so I
mean one way you could do it is maybe
ban fracking you're gonna do that you're
not gonna do that the whole thing was
just a greasy politician with standard
BS lies
that's all Donald Trump why does he had
some snake oil and he wanted to sell it
to you guys and in reality he's done
nothing to bring back coal mine jobs and
the forces of the industry or outside of
his control and just as they were under
Obama go back to zoom in one more time
he says layoffs are bad but when it
comes to shutting down a mine that's as
bad as it gets and that's where we are
in Donald Trump's America he did not
make America or coal great again despite
all of those promises now keep in mind
that a mine has just closed in
Pennsylvania under Trump's watch and for
one more time watch as Donald Trump
promised the opposite over and over
again there's another promise that is
deeply important to me and I know it is
deeply important to you this rule will
eliminating it's a major threat to your
jobs and we're going to get
of that threat immediately we're going
to fight for you like I promised I would
in the campaign and you were very good
to me and I'm gonna be even better to
you I promise you then we're gonna put
the miners back to work we're gonna put
the miners back to work a lot of people
are gonna be put back to work a lot of
coal miners are gone back to work
blowing a lot of people and we are
putting the coal miners back to work
just like I promised
just like I promised when I went through
Ohio and West Virginia we are going to
put our coal miners back to work
see I'm gonna put the miners back to
work and she said I'm gonna put the
miners and the mines out of business
Scott Bruin a Kentucky native will turn
the epa environmental will turn the epa
from a job killer into a job creator you
I recognize the signing that executive
order that said the war on coal is done
it's over in the past administration
Pratt Brett made a commitment to declare
a war on coal and effectively yesterday
and today that war is over the war on
coal is over it was a real war and the
president said the war is over and
that's what I was there to announce to
those folks there he was wrong for the
last administration to put our war on
coal and it's right for this
administration to say that the war is
over
we've finally ended the war on coal the
war on beautiful clean call clean coal
right
clean coal brand-new coal mine where
they're going to take out clean coal
meaning to take it out coal they're
gonna clean it they're gonna put it in a
washing machine a big beautiful washing
machine and it's gonna come out as clean
coal Bigley clean coal as it turns out
none of that happened you just watch the
video by the young turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
