so Senator Dianne Feinstein from
California has decided to do something
curious it could have positive
consequences could have negative
consequences let me explain the first we
go to the hill here Senator Dianne
Feinstein the top Democrat on the Senate
Judiciary Committee on Tuesday
unilaterally released more than 300
pages documenting an interview the panel
conducted in August with a founder of
the opposition research firm that
commissioned a controversial dossier on
President Trump first list note that the
word dossier is fun secondly let's note
that that is strange so that's the
dossier with all these allegations
against Trump some of which have are
already proven to be true like Carter
page from the Trump campaign going to
Russia and meeting with Russian
officials and then there's of course the
famous P tape allegations in that
dossier and we don't know if that's true
or not but Congress brought in the guy
who commissioned it through his firm to
talk and that's supposed to be private
but Feinstein decided that she was gonna
release it hmm all right we'll play that
out in a second so Taylor Faye the
spokesperson for Chuck Grassley was not
happy about it obviously senator
Grassley is supposed to work now he's a
Republican he's supposed to work with
Feinstein who's a Democrat on this issue
but they actually rare for a Republican
but made a pretty good point saying
Feinstein is unilateral decision was
made as the committee still trying to
secure testimony from other witnesses
including Jared Kushner her action
undermines the integrity of the
committee's oversight work and
jeopardizes its ability to secure candid
voluntary testimony relating to the
independent recollections of future
witnesses so that's Taylor FOIA
apparently okay so let's break this down
first of all if there was something in
there that stops Trump from evading
justice and the fact that it is publicly
known makes a difference then great I
think that that is positive so far I
haven't seen that yet it's largely
things that we already knew and I don't
quite see how it helps
team or anything else it does seem a bit
like grandstanding but now if it didn't
do any damage
well okay god bless and Trump's mad
about it so that's good so maybe he's
upset about something that was released
but that point about how they slap a
gotten coasters testimony but now that
Feinstein's revealing the testimony
willy nilly that's gonna make Kushner's
testimony far less likely then might
have done damage so it's a questionable
move so Joshua levy lawyer for Glenn
Simpson made another point lets him
since the owner of fusion GPS II he runs
it and they're the ones that
commissioned the steal dossier so when
they were asked hey can you tell us what
some of those sources were for the
dossier because this is really important
we need to chase down if it's true or
not true well he said somebody's already
been killed as a result of the
publication of this dossier and no harm
should come to anybody related to this
honest work now look I don't know that I
take him on his word on that I do know
that nine Russian diplomats were killed
/ mysteriously died within about nine
months of the u.s. election that is an
awful lot of diplomats to mysteriously
died in a very short period of time now
was it connected to us here it's really
hard to know without direct evidence but
it is a note of concern now I point that
out partly because I and Phi sine has
said throughout her career oh my god
government secrets are awesome your
secrets are terrible I'm gonna have
warrantless wiretapping on you and she
agree with George W Bush on that but
when it comes to national security she
would jealously guard anything coming
out of the government now all of a
sudden not as interested even on an
issue that might have gotten people
killed so again if I saw like the huge
advantage releasing this hat I would say
all right great you know I'm not a big
fan of Dianne Feinstein I think
everybody watchin the show knows that
but I but look at that's that's nice
that's good at least that's good work
and maybe we pressured her into doing
good work but
not even convinced it is good work I
certainly don't see that that up side
too much right now and I do Stephanie
see the downside but anyway I guess the
few things that you could say in favor
of it is that Donald Trump's really mad
about it but he's really mad about
everything anyway here's this tweet he
writes the fact that sneaky Dianne
Feinstein who has on numerous occasions
stated a collusion between Trump Russia
has not been found would release
testimony is such an underhanded and
possibly illegal way totally without
authorization is a disgrace must have
tough primary okay so as usual that
tweet is so stupid we have to break it
down to different layers of stupid that
he has in there so first of all calls
are sneaky Dianne Feinstein given that
she released testimony I guess I can see
but I'm a little worried about
undertones there I don't know he's
trying to get at something a little
anti-semitic but you know without the
context of Trump having done it millions
of times I'd say nah probably not in the
context of Trump probably anyway but
that's the minor point because you're
not really sure if that's what his
intent was okay let's go get on the
other points
he says the Feinstein has repeatedly
said that there has been nothing proven
on the Trump Russia connections
well that's true on a couple of fronts
one yeah that's because Muller hasn't
concluded his investigation but two
Feinstein really in the past has gone
out of her way to say nothing has been
found so now she's got a tough primary
and all of a sudden she's like oh yeah
yeah yeah the investigation the one I've
been pooh-poohing the one that I've been
saying is no big deal we did you a big
deal big deal I'm releasing documents
huh
funny how primaries have an effect I was
told by the establishment you shouldn't
have progressive primaries you shouldn't
have primaries were there for the
Democrats of course because they just
want to keep on doing whatever they
established for the once now a little
fire under earn all of a sudden
Feinstein's acting when she clearly
didn't before in that part Trump
slightly right about but but of course
the the main thing here is must have
tough primary okay let's break that down
okay
well she is very unlikely to be beaten
by a Republican or Trump supporter it's
not only it's California deeply blue
state it we have a runoff here so top to
getters from any party wind up in the
final election in the general election
so that means it could be two
Republicans are two Democrats or a
Democrat and Republican and so far it's
been two Democrats because it's a deeply
blue state so somehow a Republican is
going to get into that runoff and it
doesn't make any sense because Trump
doesn't know he doesn't know anything
you think he knows about the electoral
system of California
you think he bothered to ask anyone
before sending out the tweet hey how
does the Senate election in California
run of course not and then what do you
want you want a tough progressive
primary opponent the only person who
could beat Dianne Feinstein number one
be careful what you wish for because
anyone in five signs role is going to be
way more progressive and way harder on
Donald Trump I think largely Feinstein's
played patty cakes with him so he has no
idea what he's getting himself into and
number two mission accomplished there
already is a primary against I am fine
said that's why she's acting out in the
way that she is of course their main
challengers Alison Hartson and by the
way if you'd like to have a real tough
progressive who's gonna challenge Donald
Trump day-in day-out
I got good websites for you allison
whoreson calm and then you could donate
and you could volunteer if you're in the
state of california allison is it was an
activist to get money out of politics
organize over a thousand volunteers to
get that done in california she knows
how to organize volunteers so go go do
that and then we called it today cuz
that's the primary opponent apparently
Trump is looking for like I said watch
out Donald you have no idea what you're
getting yourself into so she gave this
quote Hartson said about Feinstein she
already has a serious primary and
clearly she knows it this is the first
time she's gotten bold in her 25 years
in the Senate as a shame that has taken
a tough primary challenge to get her to
stand up to Trump and his cronies we
shouldn't have to ask our
representatives to represent us dan you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
TYT Network
dot-com /join
