during the early days of the Trump
presidency a National Security Council
official named Kevin Harrington had an
interesting idea he wanted to do this
sort of radical military move as a
pre-emptive gift to Russia and so Kevin
Harrington's former colleague told The
Daily Beast I believe it came out last
night but Harrington asked about the
prospect of withdrawing or repositioning
US forces from the Baltics nations once
part of the Soviet Union and
periodically historically swallowed up
by Russia but that are not part of it
right now according to the ex-colleague
Harrington considered it a gesture to
the Kremlin that would enable the
nascent Trump administration to see if
its desire for a friendly relationship
with Russia would be reciprocated it was
included in a strategy paper that
conspicuously to the former official
made no mention of Russia as either a
competitor or adversary and that person
said I sensed we were giving something
and it wasn't clear what we were gaining
in return
now while the proposal was ultimately
not adopted it's the first known case of
senior aides to Donald Trump seeking to
reposition US military forces to please
Putin something that smelled to a
colleague like a return on russia's
election time investment in president
trump as according to the sources coming
out of the Trump administration well the
first national security official said
it's not clear what we're gaining in
return I would argue that it is fairly
clear so whether it was interference in
an election or the other favors that
Putin and the Russians have done for
Trump throughout his career that's the
obvious answer because at a bare minimum
as all the experts quoted in this
article mention well if you're gonna
give the Russian something you would at
least have a conversation and get at
least something for the American people
or our security interests in return so
we're saying to come in there and go
okay we're withdrawing our forces and
and just as an act of good faith to
Russia I mean as an act of good faith to
the UK Canada okay but even that's a
little weird why aren't we having a
conversation about it
and figuring out what the right deal is
but to go to Russia which is
historically been somewhat of an
adversary and now arguably more so and
go here here's a giant
gift yeah that makes no sense in a
potentially consequential one I mean
imagine we lived in some sort of crazy
world where Lattimer Putin and Russia
were invading and taking new territory
but never happen in Crimea or by proxies
in Ukraine as long as US forces are in
those countries it's very hard to
imagine Russia moving and trying to take
any territory there because then you're
talking about the development of an idea
gigantic war historic war but if our
troops aren't there anymore it becomes
significantly easier to do that on the
other hand though we do have to
acknowledge that they did not actually
do this and unfortunately we don't know
from the information that has been
leaked yet who it is in the
administration that actually shot the
idea down it could be that it's Kevin
Harrington's boss it could be that it's
Secretary of Defense it might have been
Trump and his team itself we only know
who was pitching it and so let's say a
little bit more about that Harrington is
the NSC s senior official for strategic
planning he had neither military
experience nor significant government
experience before joining the White
House but that's only because none of
them did but he did have an influential
Cranshaw as a managing director for the
teal macro hedge fund he was close to
Trump patron and Ally Peter teal who
we've talked about on the program quite
a few times actually and among
Harrington's ideas were a fervent belief
that economic sanctions particularly
those on Russia were ultimately harmful
to the United States and in March you
know long after what we were talking
about he proposed lifting US sanctions
on Russian oil okay so there's two parts
of the story one is this Herenton guy
goes inside the national security
council is like let's find eight
different ways to help russia why are we
lifting the sanctions it sent it
ultimately voted 98 to two to increase
sanctions not to decrease them and but
there's a guy put in by Trump going
around going let's take it our troops
away from the from the front and there
isn't a actual war front with Russia I
don't want people to get you know worked
up over that but it is but it would be
important to take away even the small
amount of troops we have 150 troops you
could make a separate argument for it
and you could put together a logical
smart deal maybe that gets us something
in return
but to come in there to do that
to say okay that didn't work now let's
lift the oil sanctions why are you
trying to help Russia what's your point
but devil's advocate if you believe
everything that has come out about this
person it is simply because for whatever
reason it seems kind of crazy but look
he's an associate of fear seal who is a
crazy person he's talked about setting
up some sort of libertarian Island which
sounds like something out of Bioshock
but if you believe that he just for
whatever reason believes that there is
this energy apocalypse coming and the
only chance we have in America is to
Ally ourselves closely with Russia for
whatever reason that is what is going to
save us that's best-case scenario
playing devil's advocate
so that's Cheney ask you know paranoia
about energy center but look that leads
to the second important part of this
story why is it guy with no military
experience no foreign policy experience
no relevant experience at all to the
National Security Council on the
National Security Council because he ran
a hedge fund he was a managing director
for a hedge fund for one of trumps
donors that's preposterous
that's the swamp they're giving away our
government they're like oh you're an a
hedge fund would you like to run foreign
policy he was a senior not was he is
he's the senior official for strategic
planning when he has no experience in
strategic planning in the military for
the military or for defense or for
foreign policy he runs a hedge fund he
has nothing to do with it then think
about this level of corruption what if
that hedge fund what if he's not
panicked about energy security and he
doesn't know anything about the military
doesn't care about the military what if
that hedge fund has a lot of money
invested in whether it's in Russia or
deals that would be affected by the
sanctions the oil deals and then you've
got a guy who was put in to make those
deals happen at a place where he clearly
clearly does not belong that's how they
give away our government that's how they
give away our interests so issues look
mate'll macro hedge fund I I don't know
what they're up to and I know that Peter
Thiel is legendary and
sir in in Silicon Valley that is true
and he's given a lot of money and made a
lot of money from a lot of those tech
companies but does he have energy
investments and why is this absolute
amateur with clearly some other
interests inside the national security
council to this day trying to affect our
foreign policy for god-knows-what
reasons what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network calm slash join
