disgraced movie maker Harvey Weinstein
was eating at a restaurant in Scottsdale
Arizona when this happened and what
would you do that you can't
okay so there's a lot going on there is
a little bit weird but he was the guy
getting slapped if that wasn't clear and
so these guys come up to them while
they're eating there's been some
drinking going on you'll be surprised to
find out
Weinstein decided not to call the police
and Steve told TMZ that he'd had quite a
bit to drink before he decided to
confront Weinstein surrogacy even a
slightly stranger
Steve apparently had sat down at the
table with Weinstein and they had had a
conversation for a while then they get
up and then he decides to tell them he's
full of shit
yeah and it's laughing yeah so look
obviously don't assault people don't
even assault terrible people who should
have suffered legal consequences and as
yet have not but might in in the future
it was a weird situation like the guy
that was sort of defending him the one
who like tried to slap at the camera
like what are you gonna do about it
I don't know what that I don't know what
that was I mean he knows he's with a guy
he knows what Harvey Weinstein has done
I guess that that's one of the things
when you have a history like he does all
of the people your friends your family
how do they square what they know of you
with what they now have learned about
you and then continue to have fancy
dinners with you yeah if you're hanging
out with Harvey Weinstein I wouldn't go
around challenging people to a fight
that's a really bad idea
yeah okay so now as to the physical
altercation look there's a very
understandable desire to shame him in
public yeah and especially because so
far it appears that justice is missing
yeah this guy has very credible
allegations against them that he raped
people I'm like barged into their house
ripped their clothes off and raped them
okay so there does Lisa as far as the
allegations are concerned there's not
much ambiguity Russell Simmons
immediately is pursued by the
authorities others are but Harvey's so
you know going out to dinner in public
so there's frustration and when you
don't have justice it gets sometimes you
know acted out in this way but it's a
bad idea overall yeah so there's a
couple reasons why it's about anyone you
can go to jail for assaulting him so
don't do that vigilante justice is
always a terrible idea would that's why
we have a justice system that's why we
would hope that it works but also maybe
the most important part is you don't
want to create any sympathy for a guy
like Harvey Weinstein and it's a natural
human reaction now if you remember the
person you felt sympathy for in Game of
Thrones you never thought would happen
it was in this scene shame shame
that's trauma Jaime Lannister yeah right
so even the despise Cersei Lannister
where she was spat upon and slapped and
assaulted and humiliated in public you
felt a little bit of sympathy for her
Harvey's a monster don't create sympathy
for him yeah and the minute you slap
anyone in public it makes people go oh
yeah you know and so it doesn't help the
cause I know a lot of people are very
justifiably enraged at allegations
against Harvey Weinstein and justice
system it sounds like police on the west
coast and East Coast are looking into it
and you want to be careful you want to
do it right but let's get a giddyup in
that in that process you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
