Donald Trump said during the campaign
that he was going to be tough on the
financial industry now why did he say
that because he knows that sounding like
a progressive actually gets you a lot of
votes and he had threatened to take away
a loophole that hedge fund guys had now
did he actually take it away he gave
them more loopholes
he gave them trillions of dollars in tax
cuts he was lying about them but he said
during the campaign as well quote I'm
not going to let Wall Street get away
with murder okay good
now that's positive especially because
there was a LIBOR scandal I'm gonna
explain that in a second top five banks
involved including Deutsche Bank giant
penalties they got caught so let's just
explain a little bit the scandal
involved illegally manipulating the
London interbank offered rate or LIBOR
for short which is used to set the cost
of borrowing for a variety of financial
transactions now that's really really
important cuz that's how the bank's
skimmed so much money off the top and
away from you so I mean it's the overall
scandal is very complicated but a simple
way of explaining it is if they decide
together that they're gonna set the
interest rate well they can set it
really low for you and high for
themselves
so that's what they did they got caught
and they had to pay billions of dollars
in fines and probably thought not a big
deal they just gave you a part of what
they took from you in the first place
though what your bank was apparently the
most egregious of all the banks because
they paid the largest fine so now good
news is under laws designed to protect
retirement savings financial firms whose
affiliates have been convicted of
violating security statutes are
effectively barred from the lucrative
business of managing those savings David
Sirota reporting that for international
business times so that is good news okay
these guys are crooks
they stole billions of dollars from
people who trusted them and put money in
their bank accounts all this time but
hey then you're not gonna get to play
around with people's savings accounts
because we can't trust you right now how
do you think this is gonna turn out
you think the banks are gonna get away
with murder so here's the Restless or
however that punishment can be avoided
if the firm's managed to secure a
special exemption from the US Department
of Labor allowing them to keep their
statuses quote qualified professional
asset managers or qualified crooks now
remember they admitted to being crooks
they said yes we all got together and
fix the rates to screw you out of all
that money okay are they gonna be deemed
qualified anyway so look this next quote
gives you a perfect sense of Washington
so it involves Obama and Trump so Sirota
explains in late 2016 the Obama
administration extended temporary
one-year waivers for two five banks
Citigroup JP Morgan Barclays UBS and
Deutsche Bank late last month the Trump
administration issued new longer waivers
for those same banks granting Citigroup
JPMorgan and Barclays five-year
exemptions and UBS and Deutsche Bank
received three-year exemptions that
right there is Washington and nutshell
right
Democrats and Republicans do the same
exact thing Democrats are a little bit
more savvy about it they go I'll extend
it for one year because it seems more
temporary I mean I keep extending it
every single year but I do it year by
year so it doesn't seem like I'm letting
the banks get away with murder you never
know one of these days I could get tough
on them plus then they're gonna have to
spend a lot of lobbyist money again and
they're gonna have to give me a lot of
campaign contributions again whereas the
Republicans come in and go no we're for
the bankers and we lied to you during
the election that's isn't that obvious
we're for the rich we're for the bankers
I'm gonna give Wall Street whatever they
want you want five years take five years
deutsche bank i get special dealings
with you three years enjoy you're the
worst of the worst who cares
make it three years anyway get away with
murder what do I care now why would
Trump want to do Deutsche Bank any
favors let's find out Trump owes the
German bank at least 130 million dollars
in loans according to the president's
most recent financial disclosures reform
sources have told the Financial Times
the total amount of money Trump owes
Deutsche is likely around 300 million
dollars
now you might say look thanks Ohlone
gets loans from banks will hold right
there no he doesn't get loans from any
Western banks because he's had six
bankruptcies he's a total buffoon and no
one else will give him a loan except
deutsche bank and some shady banks in
Cyprus and Russia so and you know what
he didn't endorse your bank a couple
years back it's like yeah I owe you 640
million dollars total trouble my moron I
went bankrupt again I'm not gonna pay
you so then they sued one another and
then somehow magically they got past it
I don't know how to get past the last
court I give you might give you some
indication but they went back to letting
him borrow money and it is entirely
possible that Trump doesn't have the
money to pay them again so doing them a
favor when he's president could be
helpful to his cause in fact let's give
you the longer relationship that he has
with Deutsche the president's
relationship with the bank dates back to
the late 1990s when it was one major
Wall Street Bank when it was the one
major Wall Street bank willing to extend
him credit after a series of
bankruptcies in 2016 the Wall Street
Journal reported Trump and his companies
have received at least 2.5 billion
dollars in loans from Deutsche Bank and
colanders since 1998 so he has deep ties
to Deutsche Bank at a bare minimum he
should recuse himself as a massive
conflict of interest should say look
somebody else should make this decision
I'm definitely not part of it because I
owe those guys a lot of money and and
obviously I've been dealing with them
for decades and decades and at a minimum
even if he doesn't have a trouble paying
back the loans he has that enormous
financial interest in that particular
Bank it's insane that he lets them off
the hook and and there's nothing we
could do about it it's the most obvious
conflict of interest there is now but
it's Deutsche Bank connected the
Russians and if you got my sense of why
the richer bank would have might have
let him off the hook earlier well if
they did a lot of business with the
Russians maybe they'd be making money
from another part of the bank and hence
not as tough on Trump if Trump were to
be helping the Russians financially for
all that time if if if well let's find
out if the Japan
does have any connections to Russia
Deutsche Bank was fined 425 million
dollars by New York State for laundering
ten billion dollars out of Russia so
it's not just that some Russians have
money in Dortch abanks thats noting
Russian oligarchs have money in Deutsche
Bank something nobody that alone would
be you raise your eyebrow okay no in
this case they've already been fined
four hundred and twenty five million
dollars for money laundering for the
Russians it was nicknamed the global
laundromat and Trump also is as has his
money in the same part of the bank
look at those wild coincidences Trump
connected to the Russians through
Deutsche Bank and then doing favors for
Russia which is another story we have
today where he one of his staffers
wanted to immediately remove our
military from the parts of Europe that
was nowhere near Russia let alone the
fact that he still hasn't enforced the
sanctions that he signed into law that
he was forcing the sign into law all
those favors for Russia talking about
how we gotta take it easy on Russia and
then favors for Deutsche Bank I'm sure
it's a wild coincidence so if you think
there's no evidence connecting them
you're not paying attention so that's
not a direct email saying I will do this
for Deutsche Bank and the Russians
because I'm a money launderer now we'll
see if Muller can find something like
that and more importantly can find the
paper trail of where the money goes okay
but in terms of evidence out in the open
there is plenty of evidence out in the
open that they had a deal and Trump is
already delivering his end of the
bargain as president of course the great
detriment to that of the American people
but to his benefit if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
