one area that is going to have to be
part of this FBI investigation I guess
depending on its scope which they say is
gonna be limited is gonna have to be a
thing that came up as a result of Brett
Kavanaugh submitting his summer 1982
calendar this is what he's submitted as
a defense against claims that he
assaulted Christine glossy Ford and he
made a big deal out of look at the
things that I have here the when we do
parties and all of that the event that
she described in very specific detail in
terms of where it happened the the
people who were present there could not
have happened but there was a problem
with that on July 1st he had a
description of an event in his own words
that sounds exactly like what she
described and in it he describes a going
to Timmy's for skis with judge Tom PJ
Bernie and squee so let's just first
acknowledge that when he says we could
only party on weekends because we're
doing other things during the week he
then admitted no this is a July 1st a
weekday party that totally is a party on
a weekday so that entire defense was not
true at all but there's a lot of other
reasons to believe that this might be
the event that Christine Blasi Ford was
referencing so one thing that's
important is that she described during
the hearing she said that she ran into
mark judge while he was working at a
Safeway grocery store about six to eight
weeks after the gathering where she says
that she experienced the assault and
what's interesting there is that in one
of his books he references that he
worked at a grocery store that would
have put it in mid-august I believe
which is six to eight weeks after this
July first event so timewise it does
seem to fit with what another one of the
witnesses at the party actually
referenced in terms of the membership
there so Cavanaugh talking about who was
present there he was talking with the
the sex crimes prosecutor he says Tim
Gaudet mark judge Tom Kane PJ Smith
Bernie McCarthy Chris Garrett she
confirms that Chris Garrett is squee
which she is thank you for that because
no one would have guessed that now in
her previously she had been talking
earlier the day she said there were four
boys she remembers their Brett Kavanaugh
mark judge a boy named PJ someone that
she doesn't seem to know there
but she remembers his name is PJ and one
other boy whose name I cannot remember I
also remember my friend Leland attending
now those people supposedly say they
have no recollection of this event they
don't say it didn't happen which is what
Cavanaugh told you yesterday they just
have no recollection and we are led to
believe that she is remembering
something that didn't actually happen
it seems pretty amazing and difficult to
imagine that she is thinking of a sort
of party that he has in his calendar
that he went to with the exact
membership that he has in his calendar
and went to and that an attack took
place six to eight weeks before
something that's also corroborated by
another person who was present at that
event he goes on to say that he didn't
even know her and yet she knows 36 years
later exactly who was going to his
parties a very small set of people that
she's not familiar with there's a lot of
stuff there that doesn't make sense but
I will say one additional thing this is
what we were talking about in the break
before we came back for the show you
might recall that Mitchell was the
prosecutor that asked forward all of her
questions then we began the questions
with Cavanaugh and Mitchell resumed
asking questions but at some point they
cut her off she stopped with her time
and suddenly Lindsey Graham was
exploding and she never came back out
again do you want to know the thing that
she was asking about during the last bit
of her questioning is this July 1st
party July 1st party her time ran out
dick Durbin began speaking they never
went back to her again
conveniently that's when Lindsey Graham
did the huge hysterics and so everybody
was distracted and all talking about
Lindsey Graham and nobody remembered to
go back to the prosecutor now the
Republicans chose not to go back to the
prosecutor remember the prosecutor would
normally ask the person who might have
done it that's more relevant questioning
than the victim and just as she got to
the relevant part Lindsey Graham's like
oh I'm so mad
oh my god oh Emily they never went back
to her I noticed I noticed that right
away it was a shiny thing that was the
explosive you know Lindsey Graham
exploding but I noticed because the
prosecutor was asking questions of Brett
Kavanaugh and it was not going well for
him just out the gate even her first
line of questioning where she was like
do you know that grinding up against
someone even without the intent of
sexual anything sexual is sexual assault
and he was like yes like it just was not
looking good yeah I mean look at the end
of the day she's a sex crimes prosecutor
so Republicans might have made a
terrible mistake in deciding to choose
her to carry out the line of questioning
that they were too cowardly to carry out
themselves
because she's gonna ask the questions
that she sees appropriate and that's
exactly what she did which is why she
failed to find any holes in dr. Blasi
ford story and then could of if she was
allowed to gotten to the heart of a very
important date that could have been the
date where this alleged assault took
place but I just want to give you a
follow-up regarding what Republicans had
to say about how they just did away with
her after Lindsey Graham lost his temper
so Senator Tom Tillis was asked about
this later
and he said we didn't expect that
Mitchell was going to go the full range
doesn't make any sense what like if you
said hey look she's just gonna question
Blasi Ford I wouldn't agree with that
strategy I think that would be wrong but
at least it would make sense but who
thought hey you know what this what
we'll plan we'll have her a question
Blasi Ford entirely and then gets a
Kavanagh and once she is through one or
two senators will just make her stop in
the middle that's not a plan you would
have there's no way that's a plan they
had they clearly change the plan you
could say hey maybe they changed the
plan for another reason
Lindsey was so upset he just needed to
go off and then everybody forgot did
they have the prosecutor who was
supposed to ask their questions maybe
but you can't say they didn't change the
plan so I just I want to be clear about
a couple things
mark judge does deny that that
happen and he was at that party okay now
the FBI is gonna talk to him
a Leland the the that's dr. Blasi Ford's
friend female friend yeah he kept saying
a Cavanaugh kept saying she did says it
didn't happen she said he said all four
witnesses say it didn't happen she never
said that she said she had not witnessed
it but she which is true but they and by
the way that's what Blasi Ford says -
she didn't say that
Leland was in the room right but Leland
says I believe Blasi Ford I believe
Christine so I mean look you can say he
miscommunicated another word for that is
Cavanaugh lied over and over again
through the testimony when he said that
Leland says it didn't happen she never
said that
in fact she backs Ford just jumping
really quickly about that because you
know during Cory Booker's line of
questioning he specifically mentioned
that Leland had said I believe her and
he did not respond to that so so
Cavanaugh kept repeating that talking
point about how you know all the
witnesses deny it and I mean yeah I mean
look we're looking at a lot of that
testimony man it is hard to come away
now thinking that Cavanaugh is a liar
and so I thought his opening statement
you know we've got a lot of debate and
discussion about that but maybe because
I went you know as I talked about in the
postgame last night when I get angry
it's usually because I mean it right and
and and I'm being honest about my
emotions and and and the things that I'm
describing and so maybe I overly
empathize with that anger there and I
think it's wrong to assume that because
he's angry he's clearly lying but it's
overall it's not dispositive either way
obviously when you look at the rest of
the testimony in the questioning it
becomes clearer and clearer that there
was a lot of at the bare minimum
inaccuracies let alone lies but Johnny I
want to give you credit because I didn't
think about it the way that you said it
in the beginning think about that guys
she said before she'd ever seen his
calendar of course you didn't see his
calendar when she came forward in July
and when she
see the Cal nobody saw the crank
calendar until very very recently about
two days ago right
she said that PJ and Mark judge and
Cavanaugh were at the party
how would she barely knows him they knew
each other a little bit in social
circles they both agree to that right
how would she know that he went to a
party with mark judge and PJ she just
says there was a boy named PJ that I
remember and it turns out he's got a
friend who went by PJ can I speak about
it it's no no no he's lying think about
it think about it how does she know as
she told her therapist about this
traumatic event where she describes a
traumatic event
she says Kavanagh mark judge and PJ were
there okay
how would she know those exact friends
had went to a party in the summer of
1982 exactly like she described it
without having any idea that they had
gone to a party together except the one
she was at and assaulted at and by the
way if you were first of all in terms of
the the sex crimes prosecutor on
yesterday's iteration of the damage
before I said this is before Cavanaugh's
testimony I said isn't it a perverse
situation where they bring in a sex
crimes prosecutor to destroy the victim
but if she ever gets close to hurting
the guy who's accused they are like
contractually obligated to pull her mic
and that they did it they actually
pulled her mic that's exactly what they
did but I didn't even realize at the
time that's what was happening because
of the hand that was waving I got
distracted by Lindsey Graham too but
again everybody says well you can just
accuse a person you can just say
something can't prove it's he said she
said okay but what did she say two big
problems for Cavanaugh one if you're
going to accuse someone of sexually
assaulting you you don't put another
person in the room while it's happening
you don't name another person and say
that they were there mark judge she
named him that is a really weird
strategy if you're gonna try to make up
out of whole cloth that someone raped
you or why did the rapist Leland in the
room your friend why would you put his
friend theirs so friends together in the
room full well knowing that he's gonna
back his friend yeah it makes no sense
if you were making it up that makes
perfect sense if that's actually what
happened and then on the other side with
this party like if you're gonna describe
a social event to have all of this
confirming information come out that you
could never have had access to not only
because we didn't have access to the
calendar until a couple of days ago
because who would have a calendar from
1982 it just happened that he has
confirmed so much of what she said and
if you just find out somebody says here
are details of an attempt of a crime
that happened to me and you say oh well
we don't really know and then so many
things get confirmed in ways that you
never could have predicted they actually
would that has got to lead you to
believe that she is actually right and
now the FBI is looking into it and
here's the thing some of this is
confirmable supposedly mark judges
grandmother has a house that matches
this floor pan in this area they can go
they can find out you know and talk to
people in the area they can check to see
if the floor plan does actually exactly
match and all that in the way that she
said this this looks so terrible to
continue to defend him just just be
honest they don't care
I look I don't know if they're gonna get
him but he did it now I'm now absolutely
convinced because I always think about
what if it was like the shoes on the
other foot and and how would someone I
barely know I know a little bit know how
I went to a party with specific friends
of mine in that summer how would they
know that how would you know let's pick
names of friends of mine Steve Dave and
Jack you went to a party with Stevie J I
even checked how the hell would you know
that right and how would you know to
make that up and that you were so
certain what if you get caught what if I
never went to a party with Jack that
summer right but did you make that up
and you put it in nobody would make that
up no no no she's telling the truth and
he's lying she's too credible the way
that she was describing the events even
when she was asked about this PJ boy
like I guess she had written somewhere
previously like PJ was a bystander and
she was like no no I actually want to
retract that he seemed like a very nice
boy and he wasn't in the room she's like
she's fingering the two people that were
there and this other guy seemed like a
really nice guy I don't really want to
get it
the book when using the name Oh
Cavanaugh Oh Cavanaugh Oh Cavanaugh
Cavanaugh and it was Bart Oh Cavanaugh
his name is Brent Cavanaugh okay and so
is aren't even close and so hard
no guys PJ it's over it's over
she said PJ PJ's in the calendar you
can't possibly make up PJ and get it
right it's it's he did it he did it
it's only a matter of whether they catch
him two easy ways for the Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
