the US Army Corps of Engineers which is
essentially taking a primary role in
re-establishing the power grid in Puerto
Rico is saying that there is now some
progress because they ordered certain
parts that they needed and they should
get those parts in the coming weeks and
maybe if we're lucky they'll finish the
construction by late February early
March so let me give you the details on
that the Army Corps of Engineers argued
that look this is an old power structure
power grid I should say it's much older
than what you would experience in the
mainland and so as a result you know we
had to go through quite a bit to get the
parts that we needed but more than 40%
of Puerto Rico's power customers remain
in the dark nearly four months after the
category four storm hit the island for
months for months I mean think about how
outraged Americans would be if that were
the case in Florida or yeah it was a
risk if it was it's four months if four
months is permanent basically that is
forever a child it's four months without
power empower is not a luxury it is
essential for almost every area of life
at this point
so students just went back to school in
Puerto Rico and a lot of these schools
still don't have power but the kids
needed to go back to school they already
have missed out on so much and so
they're just gonna have to make do with
what they have only 20% of intersections
with stop lights have been powered
that's how dire all situation really is
now let's get to the missing parts that
are supposed to be coming in in in you
know follow in in coming weeks so the
lack of some of those hard-to-find
pieces had delayed energizing certain
lines which included transformers
splices and hundreds of key small
hundreds of a key small piece no longer
in stock elsewhere just to give you an
idea of Puerto Rico's energy
infrastructure and how much it differs
from the rest
United States it's about 44 years old
compared with an average of 18 years on
the US mainland and also most of the
island should have power by the end of
February early March but a complete
restoration could actually take until
May which would have meant nine months
without power in some areas yeah it's uh
it's a devastating situation and you
know remember in the beginning there was
a very shady contract given to a small
company that only had two employees
full-time employees at least it was an
extremely extremely expensive contract
so they ended up terminating it after
got a lot of criticism in the in the
media and now there's all this I don't I
don't know how much of what the Army
Corps of engineer is saying is truthful
I wouldn't be surprised if their energy
infrastructure is older than the United
States and they no longer make or
manufacture some of these parts but
still it just seems as though things are
moving very slowly for the people of
Puerto Rico and I feel terrible for that
yeah the number the said to me was they
have ordered 6,000 transformers and
transformers are essential to spreading
it basically just reading the energy and
of those just just over 400 I remember
the exact number of six thousand and
four months have arrived on the island
so they're not gonna be able to do
anything until those transformers are
you know yeah really up to - yeah 6,000
if that's what they need I mean it's
really it's unbelievable so it's not
just what's going on on the ground I
almost feel for the Army Corps because
they're the ones that go in there and do
this if you don't have the equipment you
can't do the work you're there if you
don't have the poles you cannot put the
poles up and and start you know running
the wire it's horrendous yeah and if you
don't if you don't have the political
backing to make it happen in a
reasonable amount of time
like right okay so they're there some
transformers have been ordered
could they be ordered in a way that
makes it faster could it be prioritized
it almost certainly could but it's not I
mean if if the White House wanted they
want to talk about infrastructure this
year if they wanted to show how great
they are at building stuff here's an
amazing opportunity
that you could write a terrible
environmental wrong while making the
lives of a lot of people a lot better
American citizens they could go in and
they could do that this could be like
our short-term apollo project we could
hit this thing and fix it but instead
this is as many people have pointed out
Donald Trump's Katrina but it says
Katrina that nobody really cares about
very few people talk about it it's not
getting discussed in government and it's
believed that over a thousand people
either immediately or as a result of the
the flooding and all that have died
American citizens and it's just it's
silence I think a month after month
after month I think part of the problem
is that most people I don't want to say
most people because I don't know what
the numbers are but based on what I've
seen from our politicians there there
doesn't seem to be this I this notion
that Puerto Ricans are US citizens they
don't get yeah you know perceived as US
citizens even though they are and I
think that mentality is what is
contributing to the slow developments in
Puerto Rico right now but there's
another political component to this I
really want to touch on because it's
very important and it shows you just how
far Republicans are willing to go to
exploit a terrible situation and try to
get ahead politically now it's clear
that there have been hundreds of
thousands if not more Puerto Ricans who
have left the island and and they are
now seeking refuge in you know US states
Florida being the first state that they
go to for obvious reasons now there have
been as many as 300,000 Puerto Ricans
who went to Florida many of which many
of whom I should say settled in Central
Florida
and there is an organization that's
funded by the Koch brothers that is
offering them services to get back on
their feet but even though they're
saying we're a nonprofit organization
and we're not trying to do anything for
political reasons what's going on behind
the scenes makes it appear very
different from what they're alleging so
it's known as the Libre Institute it's
an offshoot of the Libre initiative a
group backed by the billionaire Koch
brothers
it's launching new outreach programs
this week in the Orlando area designed
to provide English language courses and
civics lessons to thousands of Puerto
Ricans living at least temporarily in
Central Florida as the island continues
rebuilding so state officials are
greeting Puerto Ricans arriving at
airports in the state and they're
referring to the Libre program for
assistance so they're coming to Florida
Republican politicians are getting in
touch with them and letting them know
about this program Florida also faces an
open gubernatorial race a competitive
reelection fight for Senator Bill Nelson
who's a Democrat and a handful of
congressional races that could tip the
balance of power in the House of
Representatives and so I want to be
clear about something there's the Libre
Institute and then the Libre initiative
the Libre initiative is not a nonprofit
and they're very obvious and clear about
their political agenda the Libre
Institute they say is their nonprofit
arm and that they don't try to
politicize anything but from what I've
read they emphasize things like oh the
free market and this and that and so
they're trying to you know set these
essential essentially puerto rican
refugees up to support their party i
went to - in the 2016 election during
the primaries i guess was during the
primaries i went to - libre initiative
workshops one in nevada and one in
florida and it you know that i don't
know about the the libre institute and
maybe what some of these workshops were
set up by the institute i don't remember
that but it was all part of the Liebherr
initiative they had their convention
that wasn't able to go to in New Mexico
then and you know what they do is they
invite new Americans in quote-unquote
new Americans that they wish weren't
here and and they give them because
they're very scared about the growing
you know Latino influence in politics
and population and so what they want to
do is because their politics so
adversely affect the these incoming
immigrants so much so that they're
fought they want to at least make sure
that they are welcoming on the ground so
it's like a Welcome Wagon where they
help them with voter register
they help them with drivers you know
license registration they help them fill
out forms to apply for apartments and
background checks for for dwelling and
and it was a fascinating thing to see
and then they do talk about you know
America and they talk about where you
can get information in America and
things like that it's clearly trying to
say that we are this group and we're
this group that is associated not
directly with the politics but with the
politics of the Republican Party but
then we can guide you in that direction
right and they have been criticized in
the past for passing out political
literature that they're not supposed to
be passing out didn't do when I was
there but I knew that they did it every
other right the Koch brothers are not
funding this out of the goodness of
their hearts because they want to help
refugees from other countries right I
mean there is a political agenda there
it's as clear as day and you know it's
it's interesting to see how it's gonna
play out because from what I know of
Puerto Ricans they usually don't lean
right wing like Cubans do so Cubans
don't really anymore either I mean the
new Cuban the younger Cubans don't Obama
Obama in 2012 one cute the Cuban vote
and that was you know that was only five
six years ago now so in 2012 2012 yeah
in my end the Cuban vote in Florida yeah
fascinating I didn't know that yeah
that's religious it's a very changing
demographic and their little buzz you
said the Puerto Rican vote generally is
already there and it's big in Florida
and New Jersey you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
