a recreational basketball team
consisting of high-school students has
been banned from playing for the rest of
the season following an outraged parent
who drew attention to their Jersey
selection they refer to themselves at
the as the wet dream team no and they're
their jerseys contains some racial
statements that of course are offensive
so Tony Tony rube is the name of the
father who spoke out against this he
says those names are not having fun it's
not so much even if we had black
students he's a white guy by the way or
african-american students or any
minority students our kids were offended
so he's saying look this is not to save
face for minority students in the area
apparently the area that they're in King
Mills is pretty white but there was
makes us even better it does it doesn't
make it better because I'm glad that he
he stood up and and said something about
this and it's now become a national
story as a result you know he's saying
this is unacceptable behavior they
should not be first of all named wet
dream team but more importantly you know
the names that they had on the jerseys
were deeply deeply racist and offensive
do we have any yes so we have one of the
photos one said Negro me as in knee on
your leg and then grow as you're growing
plant but obviously they were trying to
you know make a statement about has a
lot of work to go to for a really bad
joke another person another student I
should say had a jersey that just said
Coon on it so just latent latent latent
how did they think I mad that I never
know this is a stupid question why did
they think it was funny it wasn't funny
it was just so great when it's funny
it's funny or like they shouldn't have
done that but that was funny or whatever
but this is I mean this seems to me like
I spend a lot of time online and ice
there's a sort of juvenile desire to
shock it's I mean under the
of trolling like it's just like we just
want to bother people oh you guys are
just getting bothered by this when they
are they're basically conforming their
entire life in a way to desperately
attempt to get someone to respond in
that way but and they're young so it's
not going to be clever it's not gonna be
funny it's just gonna be crass and
obvious and disgusting sometimes
students will do things spontaneously
that are terrible and the parents or
adults around them didn't see it coming
and they couldn't take action before
things that you're both right but but in
this case that is not what happened the
coach for the team obviously knew that
they were wearing those enough
they hadn't printed up and his
non-apology was ridiculous so let's go
to that he said we sincerely apologize
to anyone that was offended by the
jerseys we offered to cover them up or
change however the league thought fit to
remove us and we have accepted that
decision hmm they actually concede it
faster than her anymore anyone everyone
is conceded faster than Roy Moore yeah I
mean I don't know exactly what the
punishment should have been but the
problem is with this sort of situation
that okay so you throw them out of the
league but let's say I mean that doesn't
solve it having them covered up doesn't
solve it I mean these these kids and the
adults around them have serious problems
its adults around them the kids the kids
are the kids obviously wait super
offended by the humans are we're
uncivilized little animals that's the
problems I'm talking about yes their
problem their needs are
animals and the adults around us are
supposed to help us grow into productive
respectful human beings right that is
not what's happening in this situation
yeah so that's I think that's the main
problem look they're high school
students I'm not trying to give them the
benefit of the doubt they've made the
decision to wear these jerseys it was a
terrible decision but at the same time
their coach apparently didn't think it
was a good idea to take action prior to
this and who knows you know what they're
hearing from other adults around them
you know that's that's the depressing
part about all of it because these are
younger people are supposed to be a
little better than that when it comes to
you know race issues in America but I
guess in some girls in the country
that's not the case from the coach so
see an adult or is he maybe 18 or 20
yeah so all these they're all kids but
you know I don't mean actual kids no 20
year old men yeah not even like actual
kids so what is it's a failure in
parenting and adults in the room which
weren't apparently there are core
condoned it again this was like high
school age guys maybe some of them
weren't paying for it their parents had
to pay for it like oh what's this going
to all going to my negro jersey mom and
they went oh good great great idea Jim
so then after this all happened no one
no one says anything the apology is
apparent what it says we're sorry if
anyone was offended by our stupid-ass
jerseys no that's not an apology you
don't know what you're talking about
what you're trying to is still cover up
for what you've already failed that in
the first place so you've already you've
you've cemented your ignorance in your
perpetuation of the ignorance with your
kids so fuck you no one has to accept
your apology I've always said that you
can apologize all you want I don't have
to accept it move on it wasn't you don't
want it to be they're not trying to make
it that they're just trying to move on
and I hope to forget about them if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
