North Korea and South Korea have opened
up talks and this it has been in the
works since July of 2017
South Korea elected a more liberal
leader and he has been pushing for talks
with North Korea since and so North
Korea decided to go ahead and and have
that conversation and so far what we
know is that it is de-escalating set
some tension between both countries and
the Winter Olympics which will take
place in South Korea will now have to
figure skaters competing from North
Korea and so this is a really
fascinating development
yeah and it's a particularly scary thing
because like these these South Koreans
who have every moment of their life have
lived with the possible immediate death
from an attack from the north now are
like well maybe there could be diplomacy
except maybe this external force the US
could ruin it all because of course if
war starts Americans will die but far
more South Koreans will die than
Americans they're the ones who would
actually pay based on you know what
Trump might want to do but yeah it's
great to see it I mean if for all we
know it could just be posturing it could
just be you know certain part of larger
negotiations but if there was any chance
that they could actually get over this
long-standing divide between the two
that would be that would be historic
could be amazing so according to reports
both countries also agreed to hold
military talks to defuse border tension
and reinstate a military hotline so that
was according to the South Korean
government so that's you know it's good
news it's a little bit of progress
hopefully it remains in that play we
don't get a whole lot right because
we're the only ones who probably can if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
