Cavanagh hearings happened yesterday of
course as you all know and he was
outraged that people were asking
questions about his sex life absolutely
outraged and and then in the beginning
of his statement his opening statement
he says something that I found to be a
little curious now he he went on a
partisan attack which you're not
supposed to do is a you know person
going that's eleven times
that's right mentioned Democrats eleven
times talked about how they were
attacking Trump etc but that's not what
I'm talking about
it's how he phrases one thing let's
watch it this whole two-week effort has
been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit fueled with a parent
pent-up anger about President Trump and
the 2016 election fear that has been
unfairly stoked about my judicial record
revenge on behalf of the Clintons and
millions of dollars in money from
outside left-wing opposition groups this
is a circus the consequences will extend
long past my nomination the consequences
will be with us for decades the part
that I noted is a little off yeah big
deal but a little off was revenge on
behalf of the Clintons
not just Hillary Clinton but the
Clintons and I thought okay I mean that
could be nothing but then I remembered
all right Cavanaugh investigated Bill
Clinton so it's not just the election
he's talking about he was part of ken
starr's team that investigated Bill
Clinton's sex life so now here he is
saying that it is outrageous that they
are investigating his sex life now let
me quote Brett Kavanaugh about Bill
Clinton during the Ken Starr
investigations
he said that Clinton lied to his aides
lied to the American people and
disgraced the office so he apparently
thinks lying about sex is very very
important he said he strongly opposed
giving the president any break in the
questioning regarding the detail
of the Lewinsky relationship so now I
can't believe you're asking about the
details of my sexual relationships okay
not anywhere near done okay so he then
posed a series of questions to Bill
Clinton and perhaps this is why he
thinks the Clintons would like revenge
against them now I don't think that
that's the case at all but that's his
frame of mind now this is the guy saying
outrageous that you would ask me
detailed questions about my sex life
these are the questions that he proposed
to Monica luhan's to Bill Clinton about
Monica Lewinsky and by the way earmuff
two kids I will say younger viewers may
turn away right yeah no no no joke you
think I'm playing I'm not okay this is
really raw so Brett Kavanaugh wanted to
ask Clinton these questions if Monica
Lewinsky says that you ejaculated in her
mouth on two occasions in the oval
office area would she be lying he
continues if Monica Lewinsky says that
you inserted a cigar into her vagina
while you were in the Oval Office area
would she be lying this is the man who
says it is outrageous that you would ask
a political public figure about their
sex life let me keep going if Monica
Lewis he says that on several occasions
in the oval office area you use your
fingers to stimulate her vagina and
bring her to orgasm would she be lying
these are all specifically questions
Brett Kavanaugh insisted on asking
President Bill Clinton last one if
Monica Lewis he says that you
masturbated into a trash can in your
Secretary's office would she be lying
now to explain why he wanted to ask
those questions he said the function of
the independent council is to make quote
Clinton's pattern of revolting behavior
clear pattern of revolting behavior we
should deeply investigate that including
those incredibly graphic questions and
he concluded by saying the idea of going
easy on him at the questioning is thus
abhorrent to me well I guess that's your
and Brent Cavanaugh so this would be a
little late in the game to complain yeah
those are those are some that's some you
know you know how I feel about it Bhakra
see right if you're not a little
hypocritical you're not interesting
right yes quite a vocabulary for someone
who was a virgin right yeah but this is
a degree of hypocrisy that rises to any
level but that is that is stunning and
yeah of course so the so he cannot in
good conscience he can't be noble and
claim that he can't be asked those types
of questions so the Republican Party who
did that the Bill Clinton and you say
hey he did it himself he had this affair
etc but now Lindsey Graham turns around
and full of rage and like how could you
do this to a good man to probe into his
sex life when you didn't have to okay
and there see what he did or did not do
the even the idea of questioning him
seems outrageous to them and he kept
saying you've destroyed me in my family
you want to ask Clinton these questions
you didn't have to remember the original
investigation was not about sex with
Buckland it was about a real estate deal
in Arkansas no Cavanaugh and Starr toes
to go into gratuitous detail about Bill
Clinton sex life and now he comes he
yells at us and scrunches up his nose
and says how dare you investigate a
man's sex life like this that's
literally what you did for a living
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
