before and after the big Trump tax bill
a number of corporations that are going
to benefit greatly from those tax cuts
made some pretty big promises about
what's gonna come from the bill and that
promise generally was jobs jobs jobs in
the words of the president they also
announced bonuses by the way money being
given to their workers but as we have
pointed out multiple times in the past
few weeks
bonuses are actually very cheap for
corporations to give away higher wages
and new jobs much more difficult and are
they actually gonna do it well we know
Comcast apparently isn't going to
because they actually while being
reportedly the most active lobbyist for
the tax cuts filing 60 lobbying reports
concerned their support for the tax plan
and saying that with these investments
we expect to add thousands of new direct
and indirect jobs they did promised over
100,000 of their employees would get a
$1,000 bonus which as we showed on the
show a couple of weeks ago all of these
bonus programs end up being suspiciously
near point zero zero to seven percent of
their revenue for the year they all even
though the programs are very different
and the company is very different it all
ends up being about that fraction they
made those promises but it turns out
that according to the Philadelphia
Inquirer Comcast fired over 500 sales
personnel shortly before Christmas oh
good it was before Christmas before
sting a little more a little bit more
and this is like while they're putting
out these quotes they're on the with the
one hand they're promising thousand
dollar bonuses to the workers with the
other they are throwing out 500 workers
there's actually more to it than just
that but they did say though the
terminated employees can receive a
$1,000 supplemental severance payment
that matches the size of the bonuses of
people who will keep their jobs for now
but they also had to sign a
nondisclosure agreement as part of their
severance package with the goal of
course being that you would never find
out that while they were promising jobs
they were actually cutting hundreds of
jobs but oops it came out what's an
indirect job I don't know I think it
means that the thousand dollar bonus
will go to their workers they will spend
it and someone will get a job maybe by
the way those aren't the only jobs lost
Comcast is also laying off 405 employees
from a single facility in Atlanta and
moving other employees from that
facility to different sites that's what
we found out in the immediate aftermath
we also showed you how AT&T had cut over
a thousand jobs after promising many
jobs would come from these tax cuts so
look I know the people who watch this
show are exactly the sort of people who
are not going to be surprised by this
information but we do have to spread the
word that all of their rhetoric about
what the tax cuts we're gonna do both
philosophically ideologically and when
it comes to reality never made any sense
whatsoever right and I think that's the
reason why the approval for the tax plan
was so incredibly low there was a huge
disconnect among members of Congress and
you know the actual electorate in terms
of what they wanted and and you know
what the ramifications will be so
Congress you know is selling this as a
legislative win at least the GOP is
right but at the same time it's not
really a legislative win if the
electorate doesn't find this new law to
be a good thing or popular I was gonna
go into this long tirade about how you
know it's good that we're spreading the
word because we got to make sure people
know about what's really happening the
mainstream media is not covering it but
to be fair you know there was quite a
bit of coverage about how negative the
tax plan would be for the country and I
think people are paying attention people
know and my prediction and this is just
a prediction is that the Republican
Party will pay for this because people
are gonna see these jobs getting cut
people are noticing that their wages you
know might have gone up a tiny bit but
largely remain stagnant I mean we're not
idiots we see what's happening with our
finances and you know the GOP can go
around touting this tax plan as much as
they want but we know who it really
benefits yeah and you can't notice that
you're making more on your paycheck if
you don't have a paycheck which is the
the bottom line here now there are
companies to be fair that are hiring
people and but these big companies that
made this big splash and you saw that
there with Comcast the what is the
number of 160 petitions that they put in
or on behalf of the passing this bill
and they're the ones that are the first
ones cutting jobs actually not the first
it wasn't there an AT&T cut a thousand
yeah
yeah exactly so I'm mistaken but yeah so
it this is going to Anna's so right this
is going to come back and bite them the
idea was that they could go back into
their districts and say we got this tax
bill now reelect us we got this tax bill
but if this tax bill starts being the
focal point of people who are losing
their jobs and are now scared because
they're you know the taxes are gonna you
know it's only an increment a little bit
that they're getting and they're not
getting a wage increase it's not gonna
work it's gonna backfire yeah and like I
said I doubt you're surprised by this
and I know that thankfully we have tea
or tea investigates did a great job of
showing what happened the last couple of
times massive tax bills let our tax cut
bills like this were passed that a lot
of the Corporations we're lobbying cut
tons and tons of jobs tens of thousands
in some cases so they're gonna be
keeping track of this throughout this
year but also if you see one of these
corporations that was out front making
these big promises if you see maybe it
only hits in local or state newspapers
and maybe it would I wouldn't notice it
but you can send it to us so that we can
keep these companies accountable and
have going into the election a bill that
was already unpopular before it was even
passed take a major toll on the
Republican Party also by the way if you
talk to people maybe some people who are
on the fence about Trump and the
Republicans or or Trump supporters if
they still believe that this bill is
popular I mean you can't just show them
that individual companies are firing
people talk to them about why this bill
never made sense as Michael pointed out
there are companies that are hiring
people but why are they doing that if
you know anything about economics it's
because there is a demand for their
product and they need more employees to
service that demand they don't hire
people because you give them a million
dollars and they suddenly feel
charitable that's not how businesses
function we have to stop treating jobs
as if they're all the same
because while unemployment is down
underemployment continues to be a severe
issue that goes unaddressed right now so
how many full-time jobs that provide a
living wage and benefits are being
created how many of those jobs exist how
many are being created I mean it's
always a job creation job creation but
you know getting a part-time no benefits
job that pays you minimum wage is not a
great job that's gonna help you make
ends meet
food on the table for your family or an
indirect job or an interaction no that's
that's a great point which is why at the
same time that we're fighting you know
tax bills like this that are gonna hurt
actual working Americans and benefit
corporations aren't gonna hire we also
need to have groups like fight for 15
out there and all the activists who are
trying to make sure that people actually
get wage increases because they are not
going to come from tax bills like this
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
