it's impossible to watch the president
for long or even to read transcripts of
his statements without getting at least
a little bit of concern for his mental
state there his speeches tend to be long
rambling Affairs where he mid-sentence
will distract himself multiple times and
so you might worry about his fitness to
be frezz dn't but he doesn't believe
that she should first though before we
get to his response to these concerns I
here's a few sections out of the book
about what the people around him his
supporters and backers his aides and
advisers had to say about him everybody
was painfully aware of the increasing
pace of his repetitions it used to be
inside of 30 minutes he'd repeat word
for word and expression for expression
the same three stories now it was within
ten minutes indeed many of his tweets
were the product of his repetitions he
just couldn't stop saying something
everyone in his or her own way struggled
to express the boldly obvious fact that
the president did not know enough did
not know what he didn't know did not
particularly care and to boot was
confident if not serene in his
unquestioned certitudes there was now a
fair amount of back of the room back of
the classroom giggling about who had
called Trump what for Steve munch I'm
nutrient and Reince Priebus he was an
idiot for Gary Cohen one of his friends
he was dumb as for HR McMaster he
was a dope the list went on and so while
I am confident that Donald Trump has not
read the book he has certainly seen some
of these quotes if on the media if
nowhere else and so this is what he had
to say in his defense
now that Russian collusion after one
year of intense study has proven to be a
total hoax on the American public the
Democrats their lapdogs the fake news
mainstream media are taking out the old
Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming
mental stability and intelligence
actually throughout my life my two
greatest assets have been mental
stability and being like really smart
being like really smart
he wrote that this is a tweet so let me
just finish it before I get in it I
can't crooked Hillary Clinton also
played these cards very hard and as
everyone know went down in flames
I went from very successful businessman
to top TV star to president the United
States on my first try which is
interesting note considering that he has
run previously back in 2000
I think that would qualify as not smart
but genius and a very stable genius at
that you went bankrupt so many times
that you couldn't get us bankers to give
you loans okay you are not a smart
businessman and also when I first heard
this statement I thought it was a verbal
statement that he had made which is why
the word like was included right before
he called himself a stable genius but no
no he thought it was a good idea to
include the word like which we have done
when he says it when he speaks it yells
I'm like really smart
maybe that's supposed to be humility
humility I don't know I don't understand
okay so that's a small note that's a
small note there was something else I
wanted to touch on in regard to his
tweet but go ahead you want to jump I
was just gonna say look I mean obviously
we can respond to him saying that he's a
genius that's one thing it's laughable a
genius wouldn't call themselves a genius
all of that he called himself a very
stable genius I would be you mentioned
this earlier and I totally like I would
be humiliated with myself if I had
something like that like pasta no I mean
there's no humility there's no no
nothing like that and by the way just
really really quick touching on what he
said about the Ronald Reagan playbook so
toward the end of Ronald Reagan's
presidency there were signs that he was
something was wrong right and then later
in the 1990s I believe it was 1994 it
was proven that he had Alzheimer's so
there was no shady playbook where people
were trying to defame him and his mental
health there was something wrong people
noticed it the way you know the rhetoric
around it was obviously very different
back then because Ronald Reagan wasn't
you know this vicious clown like Trump
is so people talked about these issues
in a different way but to make it seem
as though you know people were lying
about Ronald Reagan's mental health is a
complete and utter lie right and the
fact for him to say it's out of the
PlayBook is sort of endorsing because
they were right when they when they
talked about that PlayBook when the
media and and and political opposition
were saying that about Reagan that he
seemed a little out of it he seemed to
be forgetful he wasn't as tuned in they
were right he was
had a deteriorating you know mental
acuity at that time and so I think
that's important to point out I think to
when you when you heard what he said
about you know his success and and being
a genius one of the interesting things
there were people digging these up all
weekend but of course Albert Einstein's
saying I'm not a genius
Bill Gates saying I'm not a genius and
then Donald Trump saying I'm a stapl
genius very and then stable Charlie
Pierce tweeted tweeted Secretariat was a
stable genius Wow which I thought was
really good oh that's hard it's hard to
but it's it's there and so look I mean
it could be I mean he doesn't have to be
suffering mental decline it could be and
people are forgetful I'm actually
notoriously forgetful my girlfriend
gives me hell for it all the time
because I forget things but we it's not
like we have to go looking for things to
be concerned about with Donald Trump
it's difficult to see him speak to read
a statement from him to read a tweet he
never lets us go five minutes without
seeing an example of very odd behavior
and we've got now a scoop from over the
weekend that was given to Axios one of
his inner circle giving his recent
schedules that either could be an
indication of this or could simply
provide you some I think very useful
information about the state of the White
House these days so here's a couple of
examples of his daily schedule
information that's generally considered
classified is destroyed at the end of
the day Oh shocking leak coming from the
White House exactly on Tuesday Trump has
his first meeting of the day with chief
of staff John Kelly at 11:00 a.m. so his
day starts at 11:00 a.m. it's a common
refrain in these different schedules now
George W Bush apparently started his day
at something like 6:45
which is crazy Brock Obama some time
between 9:00 and 10:30 something like
that okay so but maybe that's not a big
problem he then has executive time for
an hour
executive time is described as largely
personal time much of which is taken up
by tweeting and TV if you follow him on
Twitter that matches up well so he has
that for an hour then has an hour lunch
then it's another one hour 15 minutes of
executive time so I mean we're on
to the afternoon with him having had one
meeting with chief of staff John Kelly
now those meetings are important you
should meet with your chief of staff but
hitting 1:00 2:00 p.m. at that point
with only that it's difficult for a
president to get his job done at that
point seems like that's one who would
need some executive time you think relax
a little but then he meets with national
security adviser HR my pastor another
important meeting called alive dope yes
then another 15 minutes of executive
time before he takes his last meeting of
the day a meeting with head of
presidential personnel Johnny de Stefano
before ending his official day at 4:15
p.m.
having done perhaps two and a half hours
of work at that point and that's
checking in with your chief of staff
checking in with the NSA adviser I'm
assuming in that first meeting he gets
his intelligence briefing which we know
he doesn't pay much attention to I mean
this is great news though this is great
news okay presidenting less you know so
the fact that he's being handled he's
doing these things I think that the less
hands-on he is to a degree I think the
better for everybody so I agree with you
and and there's really two ways to look
at it because there's that perspective
and then there's the perspective of what
I mean if his time is used tweeting and
we know what his tweets are like he's
essentially you know stroking tension
with other foreign leaders you know
threatening nuclear war right no I was a
little tongue-in-cheek you're right
there's a serious and also look I feel
partly guilty because I feel like we
should stay on this story as well but I
mean Puerto Rico it's been three months
since you know that hurricane still no
power kids are going back to school I
believe today yeah so we'll go back and
cover that story but there are all sorts
of issues that are impacting American
citizens right now that he is not
focused on because he's too busy
watching CNN watching Fox News and
tweeting out you know whatever he wants
Fox and Friends to to support on any
given day and so all of that we're
tweeting in support of whatever Fox and
Friends says that's right and the reason
that I bring this up is for all of his
negative attributes and he has many
I've read them before early on
especially during the campaign like many
people credited him people who spent
time with him with being very active
that you know he would do many events he
would ask for additional speeches and
when he would go would speak he would
speak for long periods of time
considering the fact that he's not a
young man that stands out as potentially
a positive attribute of the president
but now he's struggling to get through a
couple of meetings before going to bed
with a cheeseburger fairly early and I
agree perhaps this is better for the
country although somebody is
presidenting of course and what they're
gonna know who it is they're people
behind the scenes who are doing things
that we would not really love here
anyway and then they'll hand them to the
president and he'll be the PR guy for
whatever that policy is the other side
of it is people who worked with him in
the real estate business for years said
that it was perfect that he was in the
real estate business because he would
get bored of one project very quickly
and then there'd be another building to
going up for another golf course to
build or another offer whatever it is
because they couldn't keep him
interested in everything so maybe
there's a part of it and I say this in
as seriously seriously as I can that
presidenting is getting boring to this
guy now and yeah and that's not a good
thing when you are the president
especially when you start to think about
what would draw his interest at this
point what could he do with his position
of incredible power that would interest
him
well immigration coming up immigration
is coming up there's always the
possibility that they drop some more
Moab's in Afghanistan or something like
that that's a worry
as you said tweeting to the North Korean
leader that's a scary way to spend his
time now I would I would say that it's
likely that with the election coming up
he will probably find this a great
opportunity to do some self-promotion by
going around and doing speeches perhaps
that will take his mind off of some of
the more negative things he could be
doing to this country but if I do day
one really fast I just I think it's very
important that we understand the
president's frame of mind because
especially with this president because
he is not a president was bounded by
common sense an attachment to reality or
the advice of his advisers he's a person
who dwells in his own mind and so we
need to understand it Siamese impulse we
just tap heard me but whatever the
no no it was a point you made now
because you wouldn't let me interrupt
you I can't think of it but alright
anyway so we'll dispatcher that's
probably for the best it's probably for
the best cuz I'm okay possibly at
anything interesting to say once we put
this video we're gonna force you off the
stage here's what it's good that write
about it afterwards the no I don't know
that people who are running for Congress
are gonna want him out there making
speeches anyway I mean that's the other
part of this is he might find himself
really obsolete you know to a lot of
these people know what every time he
talks about how smart he is and and you
know like now that we know what his
schedule is because again it was leaked
by his White House it just makes me
think back to a quote that he gave to
that New York Times reporter where he's
like oh I know everything about the big
bills I understand the big bills I'm
paraphrasing but he said something's
about effect and whenever he says
something like that you just know that
it's actually the reality is the
opposite of what he's saying because and
the reason why I bring that up is
because he is known to bully lawmakers
who don't vote for the bills that he is
you know pushing for but he doesn't even
understand what's in that legislation he
doesn't know what was in the tax plan he
doesn't know or the health care bill
exactly and you know what they're gonna
move on to next entitlement reform which
is their you know them planning on
messing with your Medicare Medicaid
Social Security all these programs that
we have paid into as American taxpayers
and you know I have no doubt in my mind
that he's gonna bully people who
realized hey this is unpopular and be
this is gonna be deeply troubling for
the American electorate the people who
are gonna go out there and cast their
ballots for you know for us as
politicians so we'll see how it all
plays out but he is incredibly ignorant
about legislation and and foreign policy
domestic but everything everything and
that's the part that worries me the most
if you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm slash join and once you
do you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm / joy
