last week tragedy struck one of the
women who recently accused Roy Moore of
sexual misconduct during the Alabama
Senate race her name is Tina Johnson and
tragically last Wednesday her house
burned down now she told al.com
back in November that Moore made
inappropriate comments and groped her
when she visited his law office in 1991
Johnson was 28 while Moore was 44 and
married at the time that's a fun little
topic of conversation for the Moore
family but she made that that accusation
and now her house has burned down now
the its hawa county sheriff's office
said the fire was being investigated as
arson and they have talked to a person
of interest though no charges have been
filed according to Johnson and neighbor
Kevin Talent other neighbors witnessed a
young man who had a history of public
intoxication walking around the house
before and during the blaze one of the
women said of a woman neighbor told her
that the young man in question
approached her as she was getting in her
car that morning and asked if she
thought Johnson's house was going to
burn which that's a that's an icebreaker
right there a neighbor or a great
prediction a great prediction if it
happens the neighbor didn't know what he
was talking about she said because
flames weren't visible at the time and
also because that statement is batshit
crazy for those two reasons you know
what he was talking about now the
account sheriffs departments one of the
spokesperson said the ongoing
investigation does not lead us to
believe that the fire is in any way
related to Roy Moore or allegations made
against him more details will be
released when warrants are obtained and
I hope that that is the case because the
idea that a woman who spoke out and was
viciously attacked by Roy Moore and his
campaign surrogates people like Donald
Trump the idea that on top of that also
could suffer this sort of arson is a
little bit too much to bear it's hard to
believe that it's not though John well I
mean it could be just the guy who's
publicly intoxicating started a fire
right that is that is possible it seems
suspicious the timing and all that
exactly but I don't want to jump ahead
of myself now while that is terrible and
could harm your view of humanity
thankfully we do have a little bit of
good news a GoFundMe campaign for
Johnson had raised nearly 180
thousand dollars as of Monday afternoon
so all too often since the last election
the only good news we get is coming out
of Co funding that is good and it's a
lot of neighbors and stuff like that are
raising money for that GoFundMe campaign
does more than just help provide a new
home for this victim it does help save
at least my perception of humanity
because I have these moments you know
you jokingly said it destroys your view
of humanity like it was already
destroyed and then luckily these people
jump in and they help so it's awesome
they keep stories alive to like keep
following up and to keep hearing about
it you get updates and and that's
important too and you know especially in
a case like this if it gets resolved and
she gets her house and and even if they
find out I mean you know more in his
concession speech sit well actually he
hasn't conceded yet but no but if you if
they get to the bottom of this and they
find out that had anything to do with
somebody who knew who she was then it
even it you know it keeps that story out
there which is important right and and I
just want to make a quick statement
obviously we don't have all the facts
yet the investigations underway and so
this statement is only valid if they
prove that this person is doing it in
retaliation of her accusations against
more if it is proven you know this
serves as yet another example as to why
sexual assault victims are uncomfortable
coming forward and talking about what
they've gone through because because the
retaliation you know it ranges from
people defaming you publicly and
smearing you to you know people actually
taking physical action against you and
so I really hope that's not the case
here I hope that you know there wasn't
some sort of retaliation because of her
decision to speak out but a lot of
sexual assault victims are afraid to
come forward for good reason both men
and women and so people who do come
forward are incredibly brave and
courageous that I want to give them all
the credit in the world for doing that
and it's true in this particular case we
know that some of the women said the
reason they hadn't come forward in the
past few decades was because even
without being the senator was an
extremely powerful and connected person
in that state and they were afraid that
there would be strike back
if they went out against him now even if
this fire has absolutely nothing to do
with it they did attempt to destroy
these women's lives and all the while
there are people watching from the
sidelines saying these women are doing
it for the attention it is difficult to
come up with good results of that
attention but it's not that hard to find
negative ones unfortunately for far too
many women and this could but isn't
necessarily an example right if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
