Sarah Huckabee Sanders addressed the
fact that the Department of Justice
under Jeff Sessions will now rescind an
Obama era memo that told the feds to not
go after states that legalize marijuana
for recreational use so this opens and
paves the way for federal prosecutors to
go after these states if they have
legalized recreational marijuana now
during her press conference here's what
Sanders had to say take a look the
President believes an enforcing federal
law that would be his top priority and
that is regardless of what the topic is
whether it's marijuana or whether it's
immigration the president strongly
believes that we should enforce federal
law the move that the Department of
Justice has made which my guess is what
you're referencing simply gives
prosecutors the tools to take on
large-scale distributors and enforce
federal law the president's position
hasn't changed but he does strongly
believe that we have to enforce federal
law so unsurprisingly she is lying the
president's position 100% has changed in
fact take a look at this interview that
Trump did back in July of 2016 before he
got elected he's speaking to Brandon
rhythm in of nine news it's a local
station in Colorado want to drill down
in a couple colorado issues so chris
christie was one of the first sort of
establishment guys to really like jump
in with both feet for you
he gets talked about as a possible AG
pick but he was also the only
presidential candidate who was
campaigning saying he would use federal
authority to shut down sales of
recreational marijuana in states like
home yeah I wouldn't do that now you
wouldn't let him know even if you picked
him as I know I mean you're asking me I
wouldn't I wouldn't do that now yeah so
you think Colorado should be able to do
what it's doing no I think it's up to
the states yeah I'm a state's person I
think it should be up to the states
absolutely so yet again this is another
example of Trump flip-flopping on an
issue but I wouldn't even call it
flip-flopping because he is not a man
who has a political ideology or a
strategy or anything he just moves with
the wind whatever he thinks is gonna
work at that time and remember 64% of
the United States wants to legalize
marijuana so he is going against what
the majority of Americans want you just
watch the video by the young turks the
home of the revenue
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
