now we have someone who has not denied
what has been written about his comments
on Trump and that sam nunn burg sam nunn
burg a former longtime advisor to Donald
Trump was asked about whether or not he
called Trump an idiot which was reported
in Michael Wolf's new book fire and fury
and what he told ABC's the briefing room
was interesting to say the least
let's take a look at the first video I
haven't seen by the way today I where
was the written that I called him an
idiot that's in the book with ABC News
has obtained a copy and that that was a
quote that's actually from the book one
of the quotes is the this is what report
of the saying is Trump a good person and
intelligent person a capable person I
don't even know but I know he's a star
on another quote was referring to Steve
ban and I believe it was if you can get
this idiot elected twice you go down in
history
oh sure so I may have said that as a
joke I don't believe in the president
look I think parent knows me very well
rich I have my with you but I'm from New
York and I'm very sarcastic I would tell
you these nod I certainly probably said
that but he's by no means an idiot okay
so he's saying that he was joking was
being sarcastic
okay I love the quote I certainly
probably said that in other words yes
you definitely said it now let's just
break down that joke for a second at the
risk of overanalyzing but it's an
important issue this guy is the most
powerful guy on earth Donald Trump is so
do the people who next to him think he's
an idiot the people who help get him
elected like Sam Nunn's earth well if
you get this idiot elected twice you
know you're you're amazing right that's
the essence of the quote but how is that
words good joke right like maybe you fly
me nothing is so one-liner but just that
it's sort of like well you get this
idiot elected like you know I would say
that about you it so they're gonna let
the like that they're gonna give this
idiot a show you know I mean the joking
sytem know I get a Michael but you would
only use that as a joke if you thought
the guy was actually really smart that's
why right without me like like Bill
Gates I can't because he is now saying
that he thinks Trump's smart and so he's
saying
it'll say that's fair do you really
believe that look the whole point of
that comment was to give Bannon credit
for getting Trump elected right so if
you can get this idiot elected twice
you're amazing or what I'm paraphrasing
but he's basically giving ban in a
compliment there because it's like whoa
you got him elected once if you could do
this twice incredible yeah that is the
very common sense of reading of that
quote right right if you thought Donald
Trump is an obvious genius and you're
kidding about how Steve Bannon shouldn't
get any credit right then you would say
you know if you can get this idiot
Stiglitz two Nobel Prizes boy it would
be amazing right yeah by the way
stingless does happens but also nobody
the others the other the other thing is
nobody in the Obama White House is
saying people who like him and think
he's where say they're gonna get this
idiot elected twice nobody says that so
the other the other part about nunberg
in the book has to do with how nunberg
allegedly tried to teach Trump about the
Constitution but couldn't capture his
attention long enough to be successful
in his efforts and nunberg addresses
that in this part of the video take a
look at one point you're quoted is
referring to the president has quoted
this idiot you say another point that
you couldn't say whether he's a good
person an intelligent person or a
capable person but he is a celebrity and
you recount a really interesting story
where you were brought in to explain the
Constitution to him and you say
according to Woolf I got as far as the
Fourth Amendment before his finger is
pulling down on his lip and his eyes are
rolling back in his head so for starters
Sam did Michael Wolfe quote you
correctly well I I'm not familiar
actually I didn't see those quotes that
you said where I called him an idiot or
anything like that but I can tell you
for instance one I did sit with Michael
I'm not out here to criticize Michael
but I think Michael used use flourish
I'll put it on on the events I described
for instance I wasn't there and I told
this to Michael to teach the president
the Constitution
the President had a granular
understanding of the Constitution was
good enough what I was there for was
those around 8 days before the first
debate and I didn't want him to have any
gotcha questions you know there were
infamous questions that have been given
in the 2008 the base I remember you'll
recall where Chris Matthews at Rudy
Giuliani what's the difference between a
Sunni and a Shia so I just wanted him in
case he had a gotcha question on the
Constitution or on a justice I put like
a little ripped sheet a one and a half
page crib sheet and we tried to go over
some issues ok so once again doesn't in
either quote at all right he says he
used flourish you should skip from the
Fourth Amendment right to the 25th and
then why should trump have to worry
about what's in between and then I like
where he says you know he had a granular
understanding the Constitution which is
good enough it's not like he's president
yeah and and by the way that also
doesn't make sense granular means that
he understands as little you wouldn't
say like Einstein has a granular
understanding of the relativity of
physics and it's good enough right right
no yes no that means yeah of course it's
good enough he has a granular
understanding of it maybe all these guys
he's yes whenever I hear somebody say
well we're from New York so we speak no
we're not I mean I'm from New York and
people from New York also say give real
answers there's no that they're making
excuses all the time and that's just not
a good one if you set out from New York
so I use colorful language no problem
right that's true right I curse that's
fine I joke run that's fine ok but
where's the freaking joke and in the
case and it's not an excuse for saying
you know I'm not that he needs one I'm
just saying it doesn't explain it away
as it's like locker-room talk right it's
not New York talk and and in this case
if you actually heard what he said I was
trying to get him ready for the debate
because I didn't want to got your
question in other words I wanted him to
know what the hell's in the Constitution
that's why we were going over it and I
was pretty sure he didn't know what it
was I mean you have to go over the
Constitution with Barack Obama did
anybody say hey there might be a gotcha
question about the Fourth Amendment
right so now you might look normal prep
etcetera or whatever but he never denied
did Trump lost his attention and
couldn't get past the fourth amendment
because he didn't care so since you
mentioned Obama it triggered something
for me that honestly frustrates me the
most about everything that's going on in
the country right now and it's the
insane double standard when it came to
Obama versus Trump right the fact that
if Obama displayed even a tiny fraction
of the ignorance that Trump displays on
a regular basis I mean there would be
impeachment hearings immediately I'm
exaggerating there but I mean we
wouldn't stop hearing about it
Obama released his birth certificate and
we can't get Trump to release his tax
forms right they would not drop that
issue they still don't drop that issue
they still think that he's like some you
know undocumented Muslim that you know
somehow managed to scam his way into the
presidency but with Trump we're not
allowed to see his tax returns will not
release them and it's just that double
standard drives me crazy like the fact
that he gets away with acting the way
that he acts but Obama I mean he would
criticize for mustard on his burger or
whatever across the board look what he
said to Billy Bush look what he said
supposedly in this book about the wives
of people he works or friends of his
right yeah can you imagine and forget
Obama Ronald Reagan the the apex of
Republican presidents the presidency for
Republicans recently there's no way
there's no way that they would have let
anybody get away for some reason he does
well look now let's keep it real if
Obama if there was credible stories
about how Obama would screw over his
friends to try to sleep with their wives
what okay not only done but think about
the stereotypes that they were bringing
to play okay then if Obama was the
Muslims and then think about if Obama
was I mean 81 percent of in the
direction of Donald Trump's stupidity
the stereotypes that they would say if
Donald Trump was this stupid and kept
saying things like this if Donald
Trump's
puerto rico's an island surrounded by
water
big water ocean water and God okay what
would they say about him think about it
for a second also some of the statements
that come from Trump like the the big
water statement
honestly reminded me of Sarah Palin's
interview with Katie Couric and how she
said she could see Russia from her house
and how much backlash she got for that
how much criticism she got for that and
it's interesting how they they held
Sarah Palin to a much higher standard
than they are to Trump like for Trump he
can make those statements on a regular
basis and he's still considered smart by
his base but these are the same people
that were quick to criticize the
intelligence of Sarah Palin I'm not
sitting here trying to you know defend
Sarah Palin's intelligence I mean
obviously there were some issues there
as well but or at least knowledge I
don't know if intelligence is the right
know she's an idiot but okay but but
yeah that's true but I don't know if
it's sexism or it's just that the
standards for Republicans have regressed
so far from Bush to Palin to Trump but
Ana's right about the substance of that
Palin is definitely smarter than Trump
it's not even close so I don't you know
it might be the regression it might be
the sexism I don't know why why but they
or ton of bricks came down on Palin I
think they should have but two tons of
bricks you're cutting down on Trump he's
way dumber than Palin and that is a
sentence that was previously
unimaginable if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm /join
and once you do you'll be saying give
them like a smart person or you might
say I think it's weird or you might say
oops no that won't be that one it won't
be that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
