there's one final portion of the
interview that I want to show you guys
and this has to do with Donald Trump's
mental health of course there have been
you know there has been some speculation
about whether or not he's dealing with
any mental health issues I feel
uncomfortable speculating about that not
a mental health expert but they touch on
that topic in this interview so let's
take a look
the president's close advisers people
around him have noticed him repeating
stories expression for expression you
say within a short period of time in a
shortening period so they've all tracked
this that it used to be
I know people would point out that in
the beginning it was like every 25 or 30
minutes you would get the same three
stories repeated now it's the same three
stories in every 10 minutes oh and
what's the suggestion there because that
goes beyond saying okay the president's
not an intellectual what's what's what
are you arguing there you say for
example that he was at mar-a-lago and
didn't recognize lifelong friends i he I
will quote Steve Ben and he's lost it
that's interesting I mean there you know
Congress was briefed by a Yale did you
cover this already
no Yale psychiatrist some members of
Congress were all Democrats too on the
president's mental acuity you know right
now it's hard to do that from afar it's
almost you know elite it is illegal for
someone to actually make a diagnosis
from afar but their their briefing
because they they're trying to put a add
a codicil to the 25th amendment that
says that there has to be a way of judge
in the mental capacity of the president
yes so I'm torn on this one because yeah
not recognize the old friends that that
that raises an eyebrow and but I you
know that's one anecdote as opposed to
the rest of the book that is like on his
lack of intellect and lack of interest
in learning anything there's a thousand
anecdotes yeah and so and in part of the
reason I'm torn is not because I've got
any kind of interest in defending Donald
Trump quite the opposite he's always
been really really stupid
so like this nuna twist I'm serious hey
this new twist where people are like oh
you know I don't know if he understands
things anymore
what I mean anymore I've never known
Donald Trump in public to understand
anything he's always had wild insane
conspiracy theories he's never known a
thing about policy never cared to know
anything about it he's never had any
intellect I mean this goes all the way
back to it's one of my favorite
anecdotes his accountant when they asked
them about Donald Trump he said oh he
never any asked any questions he just
said make my taxes lower uh-huh and his
wife Ivana would ask a bunch of really
intelligent questions the count was
trying to defend him and then they asked
about his dad and is that and he was
like no his dad was really smart like no
Trump's always been an intellectual
little person okay so he's losing it but
hey look if people hang on to that to
use the 25th amendment Trump completely
separate from Trump I think that that
should be a part of our Constitution I
think making sure that the mental health
of the president is incredibly important
and remember most of the time people
running for president are older and it's
a natural part of life as you get older
you know you do lose memory and certain
things do happen okay but one other
thing that I wanted to quickly mention
she specifically touched on the fact
that he keeps repeating the same stories
within the same brief period of time and
I don't know if he's always done that
but if that is a serious thing that's
happening then I don't know how you move
forward well it's a habitual - I mean he
was on the campaign trail and you'd
follow him on the trail you go from
event to event event that it's a the
exact same things make the same jokes
and that's what they do right there's
only so much material they can come up
with and it may have programmed this guy
yeah he's always repeated things I'm not
worried about that either
but look and I'm a little worried about
that using the 24th amendment because
it's I'm worried about the precedent
then right then the all the parties are
always gonna question the intellectual
capability of an older president you
worry about the precedent more than you
were about the president in that case
but on the other hand Jamie Raskin is
leading this movement in Congress and it
said it's at least some
we should begin to study because it does
happen and so we don't know that it's
happened here they should look into it I
don't know how you would assess it but
if it did happen which is certainly with
a range of possible well that's a real
serious issue no matter democrat or
republican yeah for for the country if
the president no longer has his mental
faculties such as they were if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
calm /join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
