even though Steve Bannon seemed to
backpedal and try to make amends with
Donald Trump recently after giving some
devastating quotes to Michael Wolfe for
his book Donald Trump continues to punch
back at Steve Bannon and aggressively so
during a recent Twitter tirade here's
what Trump had to say about Bannon the
Mercer family recently dumped the leaker
known as sloppy Steve Bannon smart
usually easy goes with sad and now the
Twitter's expanded he usually fills it
up yeah but this was just like a little
quick yeah it was it was quick and that
sloppy Steve nickname immediately began
trending on Twitter in fact according to
reports within minutes of Trump's tweets
sloppy Steve rose to the top of the list
of trending terms in the u.s. on Twitter
yeah you know we're just mentioning the
but at the start of the show sloppy
Steve is not his worst nickname you know
I thought it was gonna be more
simplistic like bad Bannon a little bit
of cleverness to the nickname which is
like line Hillary or whatever or crooked
Hillary
there's no alliteration there but it's
nothing clever but it was very
simplistic and of course I have to have
confusing lyin teszler look at Hillary
that's right there's lions head
ridiculous mistake
there's literation there's a little bit
of cleverness just a smidge you will by
the way sloppy Steve comes just days
after we learned that Trump throws his
sheets on the floor it leaves his
clothes on the floor and doesn't want
the housekeeper's to pick them up he's
calling Bannon sloppy I don't know this
story yeah well I haven't read your
excerpts of fire and fury the the the
President of the United States leaves
his clothes on the floor and upbraided
one of the housekeeper's according to
Michael Wolfe for picking his things up
he also made sure that he is the one who
pulls up his own sheets when it's time
to change the sheets he doesn't want
anybody else touching his sheets no you
know what that is that isn't about being
sloppy I hadn't heard that either he's
powered like you go of course something
that's closer to put something in his
sheets he is such a strange dude
the sloppy comes in when he's eating the
burger and best yeah right there's that
too watching three TVs and having
burgers
yes sloppy I don't I wouldn't blame
Einar let's go back to the main event
all right so I want to really hone in on
the the main thesis of that tweet which
is ban and losing funding now we were
all excited because it did seem as
though Rebecca Mercer was about to pull
her support from Breitbart but that does
not appear to be the case she is pulling
her support specifically from Steve
Bannon Breitbart might still get funded
by the Mercer's so here is a statement
from Rebecca Mercer in regard to Steve
Bannon specifically I support president
Trump and the platform upon which he was
elected my family and I have not
communicated with Steve Bannon in many
months and have provided no financial
support to his political agenda nor do
we support his recent actions and
statements and according to recent
reporting Mercer and her family have not
withdrawn their financial support from
Breitbart members of the board though
including Mercer herself have met
recently to discuss whether or not to
remove Bannon from Breitbart so he would
lose his job or his position at
Breitbart so let's just go through that
really quickly because it's really
important because a conservative without
a billionaire backer is basically
homeless doesn't have anything they
never make any money with the exception
of Fox News credit where credit is due
so if he loses Breitbart he's gone gone
gone gone totally irrelevant he's got
nothing left so now the Mercer's are
they actually pulling from away from
Steve Bennett well yes and no so Robert
Mercer is the guy who actually made the
money he is worse on Wall Street and and
bankrolls Breitbart now when we found
out BuzzFeed did a great article about
how Mylo had gone and talked to
neo-nazis and white supremacists - right
like the main thesis for what the
alt-right is and what Breitbart stands
for and then Robert Mercer was like whoa
that's toxic
I'm selling Breitbart to my daughter so
now that's why Rebecca mercer owns
Breitbart so that was a preposterous
distancing of himself I mean he
distanced himself by about one inch from
Breitbart so now Rebecca Mercer is
saying like ah Steve ban and we don't
have anything new or this political
agenda which means we didn't give money
to Roy Moore in Alabama that's all that
means right
and we're now pulling any money from
Breitbart but if they actually do kick
him out of Breitbart that at least is
real if they keep him at Breitbart then
the Mercer's still completely and
utterly financed Steve Bannon and
therefore apparently agree with his
agenda yeah and and you should also
point out that the Breitbart people like
Steve and they like him more than they
like the Mercer's and Steve Bannon if
the Mercer's go away can replace the
Mercer's but he can't replace having
Breitbart as his mouthpiece I mean miles
Kwok is a Chinese billionaire he's a
billionaire that is saying I'm gonna put
money into Steve Mann and Breitbart the
money will come it's if he doesn't as
you pointed out have Breitbart then he
doesn't have his mouthpiece so there's a
possibility that nothing good comes out
of any of this there's nothing good and
the Mercer's it's not like the Mercer's
are gonna pull their money out of
Breitbart and then do wonderful things
with it to make you smile right I mean
it's just too native to Steve Ben and
which is it you know in itself you know
somewhat delightful but by the same
token Steve Bannon will find a way if he
has Breitbart to make sure Breitbart
survives it looks side note here's
really annoying that if you're in the
middle or you're on the Left yeah you
have to earn your keep you have to
actually run a real business you have to
make a profit you have to be sustainable
on the right wing they just put up a
little tin cup and they're like okay
here who would like prop again who'd
like propaganda and somebody comes in
and throws in money and whether it's a
Chinese billionaire or US billionaire
and they go you keep doing that
right-wing stuff about deregulating
businesses and tax cuts for the rich
that's awesome well and also keep in
mind that they don't merely exist
because of the donors that want them to
exist
Breitbart got a deal with satellite
radio they're on the Patriot Channel you
know
so there are platforms out there that
give them a voice give them the
opportunity to spread that propaganda
now we're all so unserious and you know
it is what it is but the reality is
maybe they wouldn't be as profitable
they wouldn't really make enough money
to keep their business sustainable or
afloat but there apparently is a market
for this type of propaganda because they
keep getting opportunities which I would
argue is even more questionable ya know
I look last thing on that I don't
begrudge serious for giving them a show
I know a lot of people do but that's the
right way in this country they represent
a certain percentage of people and I
think that that's you know seriously has
to put them on I mean even like to
Michael's point okay so let's say you
don't give a Breitbart a show on Sirius
Patriot I have to be honest I hate the
name of that every time I hear it it
makes great it that's the worst in that
series to give them a lot of shows but
don't call one side Patriot not yeah
it's really that's actually super
annoying but but if you took right wash
away you'd put another right when you
show it it'd be equally low some if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying give them like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
