you're about to watch a free clip of old
school if you like it wait till you see
the whole episode all the episodes in
their entirety are available for members
become a member by going to TYT comm
which is not a very old school mood if
we start talking about my personal life
there's some chance I'm gonna blow Oh
and so we should probably not do that
so iiiii we're have on a lot of shows I
have these wireless headphones I wait to
discover wireless headphones I buy only
cheap ones cuz I want the ones to go in
here and look a little weird with the
white ones that Apple ones uh-huh but
they're apparently they work really well
you can talk on the phone on it and and
and the wires are wires are awful right
I like the wireless headphones I mean I
know I'm pretty sure they're giving me a
brain cancer but I ear cancer but I I
but I like him anyway and this pair
which cost $27 and 88 cents like eight
or nine months ago after I lost ones I
didn't like that had big hooks here like
and then I realized now like they look
silly right I don't think this looks
great right but it doesn't look silly
doesn't look very silly right I'll give
it right so I've had these a long time I
lose things as you know so they're dying
to be lost right but I haven't because
they they actually stay around your neck
right so if you and you feel it if
they're but I went to the dog park
couple days ago and the new dog got he's
an asshole was a nibbling on him and
then I went into that we fixed that and
went in the park and then they were gone
and I was like you know what I lost him
at the dog I do that's just there's no
way around it they came off there and
yeah I'm bending down break up dog
fights or whatever the hell you do there
and mm-hmm and and so we went back you
know whatever I ordered in other parrots
okay I had a game a good run incited not
to get super angry at myself and
frustrated I don't like losing as many
things as I lose so I we went back to
the dog park today and as we pulled in I
know
hey we're parking in the same spot we
parked in Monday how about that no
there's an atmosphere of a free space I
remember cuz it was right next to a like
a little median thing right we go take
the two dogs two of the three dogs the
dog burger I got to come back we're
rushing to get back so I can take them
home and get back here and not enough no
drives east and Los Angeles are easy at
5:30 5:45 so I and then as we're loading
the dogs in the car I look at the ground
in this same spot we parked in two days
ago and lying on the ground on the grass
from 48 hours ago
are these headsets Wow that doesn't
happen it doesn't happen it's a victory
for Humanity victory for Humanity
because it never rains here so they're
fine all right then I do so many things
I have to say so it was a wonderful
attempted distraction to immediately go
into a good story about your headphones
right wireless earbuds earbuds your
earbuds Minh yeah when I'm in an angry
mood so well played right out of a bad
because it made me have epiphanies I've
got observations I'm gonna hear - I
thought it might I thought it might but
what I didn't expect was a twist at the
end
cuz that victory it you have no idea how
much it has put me in a better mood so I
when I I'm leading the way Josie and my
wife layer behind and I come around the
corner and I look down I like that can't
be what I think it is right I like right
yeah hold on so I I go I'll do it in
exactly come here right now come here
like they're gonna go somewhere right
and she comes which is well along go
what do you see right there Megan's like
you can't just show - yup - a reveal
what do you see like then she goes what
right there and Josie got lovely those
are your phones yeah and I of course do
this for those who I raise my hands in
the air and victory because it is a
victory right right it's a victory for
mankind and least like all right dude
you know like and I'm like no no no no
and she was she was lovely I don't mean
she wasn't like being like she wasn't
killing the bomb
but she didn't quite get the magnitude
out the magnets a 10 it's a 10 yes yeah
because it's look for those of you who
don't get it first of all you're wrong
okay you should understand the depth of
the victory double-win I just a small
addition to it it's not a double win
it's a nice little juicer on top of the
wind so last night I go to order I find
the same pair they have a new updated
version no I want the version I lost
I don't need your updates these work
dope updates can only screw my wife god
bless her she's like get the one you
know right here I'm like yes yes and
then she goes get two right ooh and I go
no I'm not gonna listen there's $27.99
if I lose that one I'll get him then I
go those other ones will turn up
somewhere even though they won't so the
added bonuses I didn't buy two extra
ones I might want so now I mean you
almost got a walk-off I know the
walk-off home run the rest of this week
can only get significantly worse yeah
because if you were wondering like what
is all this about $27.99 no it isn't
about that it isn't it's about for once
the world going right for once the world
was going right that's right and and so
I'll tell you I'll tell you my stories
of victories along those lines because
this is really important and then we'll
decide who had the bigger victory
because it is a real interesting moral
conundrum okay it's a it's a question of
our times before I do that though I
should note that two things one is old
school is sponsored by shop qit calm
really yeah like wearing your coffee
Faye and this TYT sweatshirt or although
it's over here Westland school no that's
not a thing
it is a thing that you can't buy it yeah
so some of our shirts are now available
on YouTube where some of you are
watching this down below it's a magical
thing I don't know how it gets there but
you'll see them so that's a new thing
number two before you to my victories
you know now that the first half hour is
going on YouTube at some point not live
it hasn't happened yet no no it's
happening no I'm saying that the members
get it live on when Wednesday night when
we do
live and and members he hid the whole
thing but I just like in the beginning
of this I and at the beginning of the
last one too I was slightly
self-conscious for a second because I'm
like yeah it's going to everybody the
first half hour is not just the members
we love the members that there were
family but yeah you folks you're
strangers sometimes weirdos so and a lot
of judging judge judge judge Ward why
are they talking about ear buds okay
okay if you don't like it don't watch
okay let's just be clear about that
no and I've decided no I'm done with you
okay I'm just gonna talk to the members
like I always do and if you like it you
like it if you don't
yeah I believe there's other videos on
YouTube that's what I investigated this
and I found out that they do have other
videos on YouTube so but if you like it
and you'd like to get more than become a
member at TYT comm /join okay now back
to the nonsense
previously scheduled nonsense so there's
a couple of these stories I'll do
probably one but you never know so I
think you have a win this week on that
magnitude no way no I had to go back to
like oh 1990 get a win sure okay so and
I believe that is the year I lose 1990
you were 19 those 20 yep and and I'm
playing rugby
and though the practice field is it's a
little bit off campus you got to walk
all the way around the corner from the
quad it's a four or five blocks it's
away right but and I had this bracelet
that my girlfriend had given me so oh I
was still with her a 90 so it's exactly
the right year okay and and I'm kind of
a dork and especially back then I was a
bigger dork and Bart do believe yeah I
know but I think I got there so I'm
pretty sentimental and stuff but you are
sentimental yeah
and I forgot that I had it on went to
practice and I after practice I look
like oh no and I lost it okay rugby
yeah recive violent sport brace
Teairra yeah where did you wear this
bracelet I mean obviously on your wrist
but like what like yeah no no just
around and and in fact around like I
don't mean like what locations did you
wear the bracelet - I mean right wrist
or left wrist like Oh next to the watch
not next to a watch one I don't remember
at all and so that's somewhat relevant
to the news this week right but I just I
have zero recollection
anybody remember you wearing that
bracelet yeah okay so so I'm gonna guess
I'm gonna guess that it was on my right
hand and because my watch would be on my
left hand we could double up but maybe
yeah or maybe I didn't have a watch back
then I don't know I'm sure time sort of
Stood Still then yeah kind of mankind
yeah certainly
yeah not like this anyways lost at some
point and I decided I'm gonna go back
and I'm gonna trace my stuff's for
whatever he's in I didn't think I lost
it on the field I don't remember why I
was pretty sure I lost it on the road
okay so I'm gonna trace all all the way
back that distance long walk yeah and
I'm gonna be looking at the sidewalk the
whole way and tried to find this
bracelet okay it's impossible that's
never gonna work it's never happened in
the history of humanity obviously you
can see where this is going because we
said it was gonna be a victory and and
so I'm 3/4 of the way in that's even
better right at the beginning not at the
beginning you work for believe even
though you shouldn't have believed
against all odds I just I would if you
could bottle the feeling that you had on
that 3/4 of the way walk back Oh God
right the world the world belongs to
Jack Yager that's right that feeling
there's a good chance I should have
retired at that point okay I'm done guys
Oh see you later and I didn't consider
it I considered being a philosopher
which would have been funny it's a very
Jake thing to consider so I've been the
breaking ball right there no guys like
why'd you become a philosopher I found
the bracelet alibis like I could I knew
I couldn't beat that I know so my career
was done so I'm just
being just contemplating from now on so
anyway three quarters of the way in I'm
like oh my god there I can't I can't
believe I found it I can't believe it
I felt so good yeah I hear you okay and
yeah where's that bracelet today I've no
losses somewhere else later but it
doesn't matter right because it was the
the importance it was the size of the
victory at that moment the bracelet also
mattered to you then when you lost it
later you took it off cuz you stopped
wearing it you were broken up with her
it ceased to have the role that it had
in your life it's you to mean something
to you so losing it at that point or
more even throwing it away or whatever
happened was was not it was immaterial
yeah and so now let's have a super
interesting conversation the
conversation America has been waiting
for what was the bigger victory yours or
mine oh it's deccan no contest no me oh
really because I think it is a contest
because mine I worked for it so there's
an argument to be made that it's it's
much better you didn't work for so
there's an argument to be made that it's
much better that's right but that I
didn't work for it makes it better I'm
51 you were 19 your life at that point
full of victories little victories
little moments I'm 51 I'm on the
downside of literally everything the
greatest joys I will have in life going
forward will not even be mine uh-huh
right they'll be your daughter be my
daughters right oh yeah yeah so this was
a big one for me this didn't get a lot
better it's like this is like you know
when where my wife and I really got
together like that was a great great
night no that's super sweet okay like
not when we met but when we like
connected you know and you know
uncomfortable anyway yes I remember more
than my daughter's birth like the doctor
telling us that it was a girl like I
sort of knew it was a girl I mean people
say that and of course half of them are
just gonna be wrong you know and half a
right
it was right it was but there was a
there was a a what he caught what are
the things they take any of the picture
there mu of it yeah thesis but that's
not that's probably not it though anyway
the photo right we see the baby in the
world yeah and our legs were crossed but
they were crossed just at the ankles
yeah and I was like oh it's a girl right
it didn't see it was weird assumption
because this is not a guy move a little
boy move really yeah I thought I would
be guy would be like God might do this
fetus has been yeah hey not making
active decisions I don't know if you
know that was I right or wrong
you didn't nail that fifty percent yeah
actually yeah I would I thought you were
gonna say that that's when I knew she
was in mankiewicz um oh like like just
put your feet up so the we had decided
that we would in fact get the doctor to
tell us at some point cuz I believe that
you should it doesn't you don't need an
extra surprise when your kid is born
like that day is a big right yeah like
we had a baby and it's a boy like you
could stop it we had a baby today yeah
it's amazing so I think that's the size
of that be trees good enough me it's not
an ear button it's not funny any
everybody everybody when there was zero
hope of fighting here but but so I think
so have a different day where you learn
the sex of the baby that's also a nice
day any we found out we're having a girl
we found out we're having a boy right so
so we were gonna do it but we didn't
expect it then and we hadn't told the
doctor that we wanted it mm-hmm
so the doctor was like hey yeah I got
the results of the new and we knew he'd
be called yellow so what's the result
you know this was a because of my wife's
a little older there were some health
tests right like hey we got the results
of the a CDC test you know yeah and it's
negative your little girls fine and that
was it like a little girl
oh so it's a girl he said yeah yeah I
think you're supposed to that's the
thing to punish but we didn't even
expect it in that call we thought there
would be we did before we found that out
but it was a love like I just remember
thinking yeah what have a girl I was
very excited
but but not like didn't see no I didn't
know you did not convince me that your
big tree was bigger I get it and it was
you made a very compelling case okay I
think the Democrats are going to use you
in the in the questioning but so that's
it I got a step anyway so that's
compelling but Craig I'm gonna go to the
jury here so downside of life he claims
he finds it he didn't have to work for
it and it's magic it's a miracle I you
know it's in in wears it in Hollywood
Santa Monica it was in Santa Monica
okay the Hollywood the miracle in Santa
Monica Santa Monica Airport miracle yeah
there you go
or no one believed no in Tom Jackson
didn't believe and two-thirds the way
and you secretly stop stop believing but
you you gutted it out and and
three-quarters of the way you found the
bracelet okay so I think I think that's
a question for the ages which one is a
bigger victory so I don't agree with Ben
that it's a no brainer not that I'm
saying the sentimental value into it but
you looking for a thing that had a
reason to be there yeah he was 48 hours
late ordered a replacement it was gone I
tore the house apart I mean I left that
part of the story out okay that's
relevant I jumped over two bags I looked
everywhere I was jumping who's jumping
he was jumping that's unfair it's there
was too late in the process to introduce
that right now okay I want you to talk
anymore yeah I just want a fair process
that's all I want okay nonetheless I'm
gonna do it cuz I'd like to have fun
with senseless things we now have the
poll it's back oh really
so it kind of they will do the seasons
at a later time the question was what is
the least American season yes and that's
very important seasons of
here not sports seasons that's right cuz
obviously hockey yes it's not a
conversation so so today's poll is going
to be heat just for you old-school
viewers what was a bigger victory been
finding his ear buds or jank finding the
bracelet okay uh-huh that's it no one
else will understand what the hell that
boy's okay
and in fact when I tell the producers to
do that poll they'll go oh for God's
sake Jake like whoa nobody cares about
that poll what are you talking about
it's gonna be had 17 votes okay but I
believe in you I believe that you
understand this is of utmost importance
okay you finding your bracelet do we
need any context no III that's I eschew
context on purpose but you don't want to
save it like in 1990 or me fighting them
just doesn't know the context will be
you watch old school right old school
yes
okay so which leads me back to earbuds
because as you were talking I had you're
gonna be shocked to find out an epiphany
and it may be this is not really this is
like a poor man's Epiphany it actually
quite literally when I explained you
what it is I realized I didn't want I I
hate the wires
I can't huh one of the great
frustrations of my life is there's a
call coming trying to untangle the wires
in time before you pick up the phone and
etc and they just it's amazing they're
actually magical like if you put wires
anywhere and let alone if you put them
in your pocket good night Irene
okay I don't know what happens in there
they're like if we're in the pocket go
time mm and they just like they decide
that they're gonna get so woven up that
you're never gonna be unable to untangle
them the puzzle thing yeah it's just I
mean it goes in the bag Lee gave me some
for like stocking stuffer
you wrap the wire around I would never
have the patience to wrap it I put it in
my pocket okay and then when it's in the
pocket
they think it's go time i I got it for
Christmas I know it was in a stocking
stuffer I didn't and I just the first
time I've used at the end I found them
like a couple days ago these are like
right now you don't want to use them
right you don't want to write I know but
when I lost these ones I was like now I
got it now I got it I gotta use the
wired ones that I'm gonna have to unwind
it okay so no nothing is proving my case
better than the fact that you ever used
it but a couple of days totally if the
minute you said that I was like hey you
got to wind them are you not to wind
them some people like my wife they can
unwind they can I mean they get the
thing in they're like oh yeah no I'm not
an unwind al-anon I'm not a winder or a
nun winder I'm a winery you know oh yeah
yeah oh no I'm a tangle tangle ER but
not a why yeah yeah I liked it that they
they've decided like I've decided that
the the wires are are on a mission like
that they have consciousness and they're
right it's in the pocket it's going to
there like it's gonna turn get tangled
they're like they're like Larry come
through here come through here I can't
make it you can make it and then when
I'm struggling with it as the phone is
ringing hey the guy through singers told
you he's like you called it really good
yeah you know what he's gonna miss his
call and I miss the car gosh yeah nearly
victory the size of that victory yeah
they're they're having a different poll
anyways so why not get the ear pieces
that don't have the wires they make
perfect sense for a guy like me Hayden
and I realize while you were talking why
I didn't get them one I didn't believe
in them mm-hmm sure yeah anything like
they don't work right like the inner eye
wires
yeah that's not good I know it's and I
think so I never consciously thought
about it I must have subconsciously
thought like they'll go in and out like
deal I know it's not that they're never
gonna work no of course not but they'll
work 15% less than the regular ones and
I'll that'll drive me crazy mmm
and so you're now telling me it's not
true it's not true I mean I think the
better ones you get the better the like
when you're walking outside like in the
car
which is where you have any of these
conversations they'll be great because
it's an enclosed space or even in your
house they're good mm-hmm
when you're walking like they pick up
but so do the wired ones they pick up
like people are like hey man I can
barely hear you
but that's true when I'm on the wired
ones do they don't like your talking me
out of it but that's true that's true of
wired ones to this no out with the wired
ones I always end up doing this like
talking directly and it ya know I'm loud
so that's not an issue for me it's just
that it's like if there's construction
three blocks away they're like where are
you then I don't you don't even really
hear it but that's only outside when
there is significant and ambient noise
yeah I'm on the fence list okay I
realized the second reason was like the
Apple ones I think are like $65 I think
they're more I think they're they may
even be more I was like mmm for an
earpiece and you're gonna lose it
because they're you know why I did not
they're not connected yeah I mean at
least these have a cord in between like
connecting side to side the Apple ones
just go right in your ear but they
apparently work and I'm me not so it's
funny so I said to my wife when I
thought that before the victory of today
I said last night I'm like look I don't
want you to get me anything for
Christmas because of course it's me
getting myself something for Christmas
right enough with the spending of the
money at the Christmas and and and she
said I'm not gonna get you those uh-huh
and I'm like whoa she's like I realize
you just said you wanted him but that's
not a good it's not a good gift and I'm
like but I do want them she's like yeah
I have something else in mind which is
crazy cuz you just literally asked for
these things it doesn't even matter so
it doesn't I just gave a shot to be in
like it look that's a crisp
like defend $100 giving to me and I'll
be like fantastic and then of course
I'll lose one you really only need one
like if you're listening to music you
need to but if you having a phone
conversation or listening to a podcast
like I listen to podcasts while walking
the dogs
I dropped the other one so that I can
communicate with the dogs and the other
people so I told the story internally
here in a meeting the other day
sometimes have a like a thermometer in
my head and it goes up and down based on
the topic and etc so like sometimes it's
based on likelihood of successes you're
telling me about hey we're gonna do this
is it a good idea bad idea my likes
you'll say so my good idea bad idea
right and it goes up and down during the
conversation and so that was a we had a
massive thermometer swings as you were
describing it you're like oh sometimes
it's more down okay you're like and
sometimes it's hard to hear tone you're
gonna lose them but but then but then
you're like you could do with only one
of my did you do okay yeah and you you
said it's hard to hear but then they'll
hear somebody from three blocks away
during construction I was like oh so
it's not that hard to hear notice no
it's not it's not hard to hear it's they
hear other noises - uh-huh
yeah yeah and they're gone but I'm so
cheap man if they're more like I don't
think I can do it you just buy these
they're $27.99 buy these with you where
do you find them mr. Chomp TYT dot-com
yeah it's not true but you should go
there yeah look one that says winter is
the other one says coming oh the know
you can go to store get it okay
I'll I'll send you the link they arrived
two days later you don't even have to
use the instructions I figured out how
to pair them with my phone there's only
like one button on it so I'm like I'm
gonna hold this button down then it
showed up on my phone I'm like a pair
done huh so okay well look a huge
downside there's a huge moment you'd
have to charge you have to charge
the earpiece yeah yeah they're Wireless
they last a super long time so I charge
them like every three days for each
judgment night you put next to my bed
next to the phone so good that part I
get
so you try no but I'm saying like every
three they have a special charger yeah
but it's like every other charge that's
why it's the other kind of charges that
isn't the iPhone charger that everyone
else is Craig where they call us no no
the other kind like whatever everything
else is that every other device charges
by every other yeah I think yeah
whatever right Craig unbelievably Craig
doesn't know yes the first thing Craig's
not known and yes life
okay so speak this so funny when I was
talking about the chair involuntarily
what down did you do to and went down
which almost never happens but this
happen from downtown all right I'm out
of topics no I came in with a head of
steam which you brilliantly headed off
with the unexpected genius earbud
conversation so nobody saw that coming
it was like that was a bigger twist than
the red wedding I'll be talking about it
for years but look what I was gonna talk
about if I didn't get into my personal
life which we shouldn't is is the
madness of today well first of all let's
have the fun part of today because I
called you today to report on a story
that I had heard before pa there's two
fun parts we did talk about on the show
but they're too much fun to not talk
touch back on on old school I drove I
drove by a pink I both took my daughter
to school and picked her up mm-hmm and
like pick my daughter up took her school
took the dogs to the dog park how do I
get any work done today mmm like yeah
you should have retired I should have so
and then drove here
you wonder why wives get frustrated with
guys right like honey I don't worry
pickup to our daughter from school and
went to the dog park like what I'll see
what out of my life
right
that's like that's how a guy thinks and
she thinks you know I do that every day
twice a day often times plus everything
else I do you know okay don't rub it in
so it's how I used to feel about when I
like you know I've never had I haven't
had a regular schedule 9 to 5 schedule I
have it some days but not mm-hmm
in like 20 years that I have not had
that which is good but but so some days
sometimes I'll have more work of I'll
have 9 days worth of work and 3 days to
do it that happens a lot right and
you're like oh how that's gonna happen
you stay up late just you but then there
are some days where I think and I and
every day's what I could have done some
of that work and I don't know - all day
so that's a day where I always sometimes
literally but usually metaphorically
I just think buy stamps because buying
stamps you feel so productive okay you
even lost me on that one
like no you don't know what are you what
are you from 1987 called then would like
they're an LLC but I don't know how much
stamps are now they're like an 49 cents
or something like that so 20 stamps I
literally haven't bought stamps in over
a decade you know here's amazing things
like you're crazy they're like 51
I said 49 what do you mean nuts
alright thanks for watching this free
clip of old school don't forget to
become a TYT member today for the rest
of the show and for more exclusive
content throughout the network join now
at TYT calm slice join
