so this is from Mother Jones north
dakota's Norway experiment can human
prisons work in America a red state aims
to find out so what happened they
started taking people who work who run
prisons in the United States over to
Norway to show him how that works and
you think that would change them well
let's go to the article the Norway
sojourn was a brainchild of Donald
Specter executive director of the prison
law office a California public interest
law firm in 2011 while visiting European
prisons with a group of Maryland college
students Spector was struck by how
profoundly the experience altered their
views on incarceration he decided to use
some of the legal fees his office had
won in its lawsuits against California
prisons to bring state corrections
chief's judges and lawmakers on similar
journeys so here's two of those people
from North Dakota North Dakota prison
officials LeAnn Bertsch and kerri-anne
Jackson so they're hard-nosed they run
prisons they're women who get to the top
of the prison and so you know they're
well they call ball busters right real
hard-nosed ballsy these are the terms
they use in the article so they took
them to Norway and what was their
experience Burge had been in charge of
North Dakota's Department of Corrections
and Rehabilitation which includes
forwards all prisons and one juvenile
facility for more than a decade and
Jackson had spent seven years as
director of correctional practices but
in Oslo that evening Bert's was
uncharacteristically emotional it was
definitely one of those moments where
you're rethinking everything they'd left
Bismarck feeling pretty good about their
system which prided itself on its human
practices and commitment to
rehabilitation but now sitting in the
glass glass 10 bar at a Radisson Hotel
with its view of oslofjord Bert's began
to cry we're hurting people that's the
head of the prisons in North Dakota
started to cry saying we're hurting
people because they thought they were
helping people back to the article I had
always thought that we run a good system
we're decent we don't abuse people we're
unsafe facilities with good programs it
was like how did we think it was okay to
put human beings in cage-like settings
Scandinavian prisons tend to illicit I
roles from law and order types
weaned on the punitive American model
yet a growing number of state
correctional officials are coming to the
realization that our approach is
ineffective costly and cruel for
instance fred patrick director of the
center on sentencing and corrections at
the Vera Institute of Justice cites the
nation's staggering recidivism rate
seventy-seven percent of inmates
released from state prisons are really
thin five years once you realize that
this system isn't working well it's
fairly easy to pivot to how do we do
something different and that is where
specters field trips come in to be so
freakin optimistic that you think you
can take some knuckle-dragging
corrections guy like me over there and
it's going to change their perspective
you have to be a hippie to think that
says Wetzel who toured German prisons
with Specter in 2013 but spectres ploy
worked it really screws you up because
it changes you Wetzel says I joked
around with Dan Specter I'm like fuck
you man I can't believe you did this
shit to me and so when Bert's and
Jackson returned home it was with a
radical new goal to implement our
humanity
the Norwegian principle of dynamic
security posits that warm relationships
between inmates and staff reduced the
potential for violence American prisons
typically try to create safe conditions
by means of oppressive rules and random
searches and the threat of additional
punishment transitioning from one
approach to the other requires a
profound paradigm shift and the ability
to sell frontline prison workers on a
brand-new mindset how do you get
somebody who thinks they're in law
enforcement to figure out you need to be
more of an empath more of a social
worker a friend and a mentor Jackson
asks the correction officers I met at
the State Penitentiary ex-military all
of them weren't outwardly hostile to the
idea of cultivating relationship with
prisoners but it clearly didn't come
natural to them for that reason perhaps
the brass created a mandate guards in
the segregation unit must have at least
two conversations per shift with each of
their inmates under their supervision
isn't that amazing that's talking about
is solitary confinement they're talking
about segregation unit that solitary
confinement and so now they have this
rule where you have to have two
conversations with your
prisoner each shift holy F you mean
you're gonna humanize the prisoner to
the guard that could be dangerous they
might start treating them like human
beings
it's just crazy because we've made so
many leaps with our technology you know
we got these advancements but here we
are our prison systems are so cruel and
punitive by design it's it's like it's
just designed by people who say you know
what I want to make sure you pay the
price for being a criminal it's awkward
it's so sad I've talked about all the
disparate incentives that we have a new
justice system so let me get a little
bit more than this and then we'll talk
about it it's worth a shot a correction
officer named Josh Headroom told me what
we were doing before wasn't working so
that's what they're doing in Norway and
now they're trying to show people in the
United States so even hardcore people
who run prisons who think they're doing
a good job find out they're not they're
actually hurting people and they're
actually destroying families and in
breaking up communities and making it
harder for people to get back into
society
because the way they look at it in
Norway is that every person who's in a
jail is gonna be somebody's neighbor one
day and you got to get them ready to be
someone's neighbor
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
