we have more revelations from Michael
Wolf's book fire and fury it hasn't been
released yet but we are hearing about
more and more excerpts and one of the
more recent excerpts that has been
covered has to do with hope Hicks the
communications director in the Trump
administration and her on-again
off-again relationship with Corey
Lewandowski now apparently during the
campaign there was a time when Hicks was
very concerned with the way the press
was talking about Lewandowski and she
pondered out loud what she could do to
help now let me give you the exact
portion of the book and what it says
about this whole situation
Hicks sat in Trump Tower with Trump and
his sons worried about lewandowski's
treatment in the press and wondering
aloud how she might help him Trump who
otherwise seemed to treat Hicks in a
protective and even paternal way looked
up and said why you've already done
enough for him you're the best piece of
tail he'll ever have sending Hicks
running from the room okay so you got a
I think the context of this makes it
even worse because hope Hicks is one of
trumps closest confidants and the book
explains in other reports had already
shown this that hope is one of the few
people he trusts and that listens to
them and that is a comforting voice and
that tells them you're right and hey
here's how we can fight back and
sometimes talks them out of bad ideas
now does that mean I like kopecks know
what I don't want people consoling
Donald Trump or helping them and so
she's a right winger who is you know in
this camp so I got no interest in
protecting her overall but she's a human
being and she's there for you throughout
all of this stuff and she trusts in you
and in another part of the book that he
talked about assist Melania is
completely absent from the White House
now I don't know that this is the right
way to frame it but it's what it says in
the book nay that Ivanka has become the
actual wife and hope Hakes has become
the actual daughter now I am
uncomfortable with that framing but
that's what insiders
saying about the Trump Whitehouse but
it's relevant in this case because
that's how close they are and he still
says though you're the best piece of
tail you ever got yeah he you know
minimizes her to a piece of tail and and
I it doesn't surprise me what what is
more surprising to me because of my own
mindset and the way that I would handle
a situation like that is just this weird
complicit behavior and this acceptance
of his statements his rhetoric you know
his degradation of women I mean I don't
know maybe maybe she did call him out
maybe she aggressively did so and we're
just unaware of it but I just feel like
you know and I hate to you know put you
in this context but just to give you an
example if you ever talk to me like that
ever ever ever like first of all you've
never even come close but if you ever
did like done done that means that you
see me as nothing more than a piece of
tail and it makes me feel like an object
and I don't want to work for someone or
be consoling someone who sees me that
way and so I just I wish more right wing
woman women would speak out against this
type of rhetoric even if you support his
policy ideas even if you agree with his
ideology at least push back on this
because you're better than that you're
worth more than that so now what a Trump
supporters of course jumps in and says
that the president frequently curses and
uses off-color sayings no that's not the
issue here
nobody's getting on anybody for cursing
or for even making off-color jokes that
aren't personal like this so it's that
distinction I hate the way they blur
that line so the Access Hollywood tape
it wasn't that he talked about genitalia
it wasn't that he made he was cursed or
or that he was joking it said he said no
I physically grabbed them I grabbed
their genitalia
and I don't ask for permission that was
the issue not the language not the
cursing not any other night right and
even in this case I mean look people
will disagree about this and I don't
want to get into the all the different
lines but if he was making a joke about
tale or whatever and hope is comfortable
with it that's between them and
I'm not gonna judge but when he's joking
about when he says it about her and
she's obviously uncomfortable she ran
out of the room like if you can't see
that that's an issue you know then
you're never gonna see it you just watch
the video by the young turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
