so the new book by Michael Wolfe fire
and fury has a thousand amazing
anecdotes and nuggets and information in
there I'd go on and on there's so many
things were not getting to like he was
considering John Bolton who was a
terrible neocon loves war he was
considering from a really important
cabinet position but according to Bannon
quote Bolton's mustache is a problem
this was reported previously that's why
people are not making it as big a deal
about it but it confirmed again that he
is picking cabinet members based on how
they looked and their facial hair oh my
god Jesus so that was part of it he said
he considered Mitt Romney even though
meet Romney and said terrible things to
him during the the campaign because he
looked the part and he said he picked
James Madison and some of the other
generals because they look like they
were out of central casting it isn't a
show it's not a reality show you're the
President of the United States okay but
on to Russia which is much more
important now part of the reason he
wound up not picking Romney and picking
rice loosin instead is because rex ELISA
was the CEO of ExxonMobil and they had a
giant deal with with Russia which was
bought by the sanctions under Obama so
this is fascinating Michael Wolff
invites Steve Benin and Roger Ailes to a
private dinner at his house in New York
City or his apartment and then takes
notes on what they said and it's amazing
so there's the Bolton exchange there's
exchange about how they both think
Donald Trump is not capable this is
January 3rd he hasn't even taken office
in it he's won this is the transition
they're trying to figure out who's in
the cabinet and both Roger Ailes who ran
Fox News and Steve Mann and are talking
openly about how stupid the president is
and they're like in Ailes keeps asking
him do you think he understands the
implications of moving the our embassy
to Jerusalem in the case of Israel and
they joke around about anything don't
worry we'll do it anyway and by the way
as you saw the news recently they did
they move the capital at our Embassy to
to Jerusalem
and does Trump understand the
implications of course not but the
really interesting part was about Russia
and Vladimir Putin's so Ailes asks
Bannen
what has he gotten himself into with the
Russians and Bannon says well he he says
he mostly understands that he says he
went to Russia and he thought he was
going to meet Putin but Putin couldn't
give a shit about him
so he kept trying okay so Trump
apparently I don't know when this
happened so this is very interesting
apparently Trump is chasing Putin around
like oh please please Vladimir meet with
me I please be my friend and now there's
of course also the quotes that we share
with you yesterday that Bannon said this
is all about the money laundering oh
this is exactly what we've been saying
on the show for close to a year now and
and Muller is now investigating money
laundering and he's in Trump's Deutsche
Bank account and then prayer perhaps
Kushner's as well so and Trump has
decade's long history of doing a lot of
financial deals with Russian oligarchs
hey both of his sons have admitted that
they've gotten hundreds of millions of
dollars from the Russians
Eric Trump that idiot has told a
reporter oh no it's okay they gave us
hundreds of millions of dollars for our
golf courses because they really really
like golf
oh okay so then
Bannen ass Ailes he keeps talking to
Rupert Murdoch can you figure out what's
going on with Murdoch and get murder
actually flew some of the in the right
way cuz Murdoch was the owner of Fox
News now at this point Ben I'm sorry
Murdock and Ailes have had a falling out
so al says I'll call him but quote Trump
would just jump through hoops for Rupert
like for Putin sucks up and shits down I
just worry about who's jerking who's
chain see that is a huge quote right
there first of all the first part is
important about Trump's character but we
largely knew that about him he pretends
to be an alpha male and he goes wrong oh
yeah I'm the strong so I'm the best I
have the best words right but when he's
in
room with someone who's actually his
boss he towers and even ales who ran Fox
News clearly saw that Rupert is actually
a rich person as opposed to Donald Trump
so when he's in the room with Rupert
Murdoch said oh yes Rupert sherbert yes
certainly he becomes reek and and then
with Putin why why was booted why does
he suck up to Putin in ales words okay
and then he says who's jerking who's
chain even the guy who ran Fox News is
wondering what the hell is going on here
why is Trump taking orders from Putin
why is he following them around
sheepishly like this what is going on so
of course when this heads
the Trump administration put aside all
the massively damaging things from the
book they're like this was definitely
not true definitely not sure I don't
know why they're saying no no in other
words that's what we're actually
concerned about so then they ask around
and you know who steps up is Janice min
she is actually co-president of
Hollywood Reporter which is who what
Michael Wolf works for so and he's put
parts of the book up on Hollywood
Reporter Janice Minh on Twitter
confirmed so I was one of the six guests
at the Bannen Ailes dinner party in
January 2017 and every word I've seen
from the book about it is absolutely
accurate it was an astonishing night so
there you have it guys internally all
the leaders of the conservative movement
one of course knew what kind of guy
Trump was both with the lack of
intellect not knowing anything that's
going on sucking up to people in power
but mainly they were concerned why does
he keep trying to appeal to and almost
take orders from Vladimir Putin they all
knew it they knew it from day one even
before he took office tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick
Muller's in his bank account and he's
got his tax returns see you wouldn't
want to be you what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
