so Donald Trump sees that Michael Wolf's
book is coming out fire and fury he's
the idiot who let Michael wolf into the
house in the first place into the
campaign and into the White House
because wolf had written one flattering
article about him so easy so he's at his
trick Donald Trump now he has accurate
quotes that are backed up by audio tape
recordings so Trump is furious it's
harder to call it fake news because it's
all on tape and so and it's a lot of
this is corroborated in over 200 people
that Michael Wolf talked to and he was
in the meetings he was in the room so a
hard to read to refute it and hard to
call it fake news of course he calls a
phony anyway but mainly he's just trying
to shut him up so he goes I got it I'll
sue you're the president people are
allowed to criticize you that's insane
and he's mad at Steve Bannon too and
he's trying to shut him up so he does
this a lawyer representing President
Trump saw Thursday to stop the
publication of a new behind-the-scenes
book about the White House that has
already led Trump to angrily decry as
former chief strategist Steven K Bannon
I've never seen a president do this you
hurt my feelings I'm going to sue you I
don't want you to say those bad things
about me the legal notice a chance to
author Michael Wolff and the president
of the books publisher said Trump's
lawyers were pursuing possible charges
including libel in connection with a
forthcoming book fire and fury inside
the Trump White House now a couple
reasons for this one is this is Donald
Trump 101 he is a bully in terms of the
law
he likes to use whatever little money he
has to bully others into submission he
doesn't have to be right
he just says oh yeah I'll just drain you
of all your money and your resources by
Syria to death it's ridiculous charges
overwhelming majority of the time he's
laughed out of court but that's not the
point he's gonna put lawyer costs on you
he's gonna inflict pain on you as strike
back this is what he's done over and
over and over again and by the way he's
threatened to sue almost everyone during
the campaign and even while president he
hasn't actually filed any of those
lawsuits he's just trying to intimidate
there's a second reason the lawyers also
seek a full copy of the book as part of
their investigation in other words these
bumbling fools the reporters have the
books already but they are so
incompetent at the White House they look
how could I get a book could anybody get
a book I don't know let's do him to get
the book go to come for God's sake go to
a local book store they have the books
find a way to get it so he's trying to
get the book through the lawsuit he's so
sad they're gonna release it early
anyway it doesn't matter you'll get to
read it tomorrow okay
late Wednesday lawyers for Trump sent
him cease and desist letter to Bannon as
well arguing he violated the employment
agreement he signed with the Trump
Organization in numerous ways and also
may have defamed the president they
ordered that he stop communicating
either confidential and/or disparaging
information and preserve all records in
preparation for imminent legal action as
I told you he's threatened imminent
legal action against the New York Times
against the women who accused him of
sexual harassment or assault against
almost all of his political opponents so
far he has Apollo through because he has
no case the one thing that he has an
interesting point on is apparently
Bannon signed a employment agreement
where he said he wouldn't disparage the
president or talk about what happened
the White House that's a logical thing
for people at the White House to sign so
Bannon apparently violated that are we
surprised clique Bannon the leader of
the alt-right the leader of the
deplorable didn't follow through on his
word he signed something and decided not
the folder that is like number 137 on
Steve bannon's problems so look I would
love it if they went to court and ripped
each other to shreds but the second part
of that claim against Bannon is
preposterous it defaming the president
well you're not allowed to critique the
president especially if you're sitting
next to him and you think he's an
absolute moron and a danger to the
country it's about the only thing Steve
ban has ever done right so no likely you
will not actually follow the through and
file the suit if he does he will most
certainly lose on almost all grounds
this is yet another bullying attempt by
Donald Trump
and as usual it will be a spectacular
failure everyone will read everything in
that book and we're already talking
about it non-stop you can't put that
genie back in a bottle
the fact that he doesn't understand that
proves the book central point which is
that he is monumentally stupid if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me
Qi tea network.com slash joy
