so Eric Trump decided that he was gonna
go on Twitter and take a shot at the
deep state and this is gonna be really
good so let's pull up the tweet here at
Twitter apparently suggested that he
follow Hillary Clinton Barack Obama and
Ellen DeGeneres Ohio Twitter does this
all the time they suggest that you
follow people whether you like them or
not like them he Eric's involved in
politics these people are involved in
politics except Ellen is followed by a
couple of family members of Eric that's
why he suggested but he writes shocking
once again here are the Twitter
suggestions of who I should follow
hashtag deep State
okay so let's break down the stupid in
that number one he thinks that Twitter
is being controlled by the deep state
and the deeps they thought we're gonna
get Eric Trump will get him to follow
Barack Obama and Ellen DeGeneres and
then what would happen Eric what would
happen then okay you really think that
peach state is trying to get you to
follow Ellen DeGeneres on Twitter
to what end and why he doesn't
understand what a Twitter algorithm is
he doesn't understand any of it
so Ellen responds quote it's just the
craziest thing I've seen all week
because I saw that movie with the lady
having sex with the fish and this still
beats that agreed if she went on they
say while on ordinary Trump may think
she was powerful enough to be part of a
government conspiracy DeGeneres said she
didn't have that kind of time she does
this true she has a lot of dance parties
on her show she ain't nobody got time to
get above the D state she said I've got
my Gage and a meeting on Monday I've got
Wednesday Beyonce and I host an
Illuminati brunch and then Portia and I
are on the weekends are desperately
trying to have a baby
so again at no time for any of this I
mean it is really preposterous but how
dumb is Eric Trump well dumb enough to
say this but also dumb enough to admit
that they've got deals with Rush
he's the guy who on record said we have
all the funding we need out of Russia
oops
admitted that to report our about their
golf courses and when asked really you
got all the money from Russia he said oh
yeah we've got some guys that really
really love golf and they're really
invested in our programs we just go
there all the time you dumbass
you're not supposed to admit that you're
not supposed to let people know you got
all the money from Russia and Eric I got
news for you or freighter or whatever
your name is the Russians didn't give
you all that money because they really
really like golf wow these guys are dumb
look and the important part of this
story's a fun little cute little story
but overall the importance is what I've
told you all along these trumps they're
not smart enough to do a cover-up
there's no way there's no way guys like
Donald Trump jr. Eric trump and and the
big guy himself Donald Trump there's no
way they're smart enough to be able to
cover their tracks if they actually had
financial dealings with the Russians
previously and according to Eric Trump
and by the way on another instance
Donald Trump jr. yes they did Donald
Trump jr. also said yeah we've got the
money from the Russians what's the big
deal oh okay well we're probably gonna
find out what the big deal is pretty
soon you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
