so just when you thought things couldn't
get worse Donald Trump came up with a
brilliant idea he thought well that
presidential Advisory Council on
hiv/aids yeah who needs it I'm gonna
disband it do you know that 1.1 million
people in America have AIDS or HIV /
aids that's that's a big number I don't
know if the Donald Trump thinks it's
solved or or he just doesn't care
but let me give you the details of what
he did the advisory panel which has
existed in some form since the Reagan
years sits empty after Trump removed all
16 of its remaining members last week
that combined with proposed massive cuts
to prevention programs in Trump's fiscal
2018 budget and is not naming a director
for the White House Office of National
AIDS policy sends troubling signals
about the administration's commitment it
doesn't send troubling signals it just
ends the commitment so that's a big
understatement now the Trump team is
arguing no I mean we get to replace
those guys well that's true so where are
their replacements and they're say well
I mean other people have replaced
previous administration's advisory
councils before sure that's fine so
where are their replacements nowhere
the decision to dismiss 16 advisors as
Politico explains comes as the opioid
crisis threatens to spike hiv/aids cases
among those who inject drugs great as
things are getting worse and and the
opioid crisis is unfortunately spreading
HIV and AIDS even more so we've now cut
off any kind of by the way there people
on the panel were people who work on the
issue including scientists so we've cut
all of that off and and we're adrift now
so Politico continues Trump already has
drone scrutiny for his track record on
both hiv/aids and the opioid crisis his
budget proposal for fiscal 2018 called
for 800 million dollars in cuts the
global hiv/aids prevention programs and
another 186 point 1 million to cut cut
to CDC prevention and screening efforts
and additional cuts
housing programs for people with the
deadly virus this is not a sign of
things to come on his lack of support
for helping people with hiv/aids or
helping to cure it or any of those
things it's not a sign it just is he's
just cutting it he's not addressing it
it's an action there's the jury's in and
by the way let me be let me give credit
here to another Republican so and one I
don't often give credit to almost never
george w bush absolute disaster but you
know we search for things he did right
when he was president and we were on the
air then and and there was about
two-and-a-half things that he did
relatively right and we gave him credit
for those one thing he did great was
this he actually put in a lot of money
towards HIV and AIDS treatment
prevention research so and we would
always give him credit for that for all
the other monstrous things he did he was
terrific on this issue so it's not just
a Republican thing Trump comes in he
goes man I don't really care those
aren't my people I don't care according
to New York Times he recently said that
hey aren't all the Haitians coming in
they all have AIDS I mean when you're
that fundamentally ignorant is this
surprising that you don't want to take
care to help people who are American
citizens who have this issue and prevent
more people from getting it final note
here Trump is still yet to name a
director for the Office of National AIDS
policy and the offices website was shut
down days after he took office setting
off alarm among activists and others
working in hiv/aids policy look guys I
mean it's good report by Brian L he had
at Politico but like let's get on with
it let's understand what's happening
here this isn't reading the tea leaves
he's not gonna do anything about it
he cut the funding he shut down the
website did not name a director just
fired all the whole 16 person Advisory
Council and has no replacements he
doesn't care and he's never gonna care
that's who Donald Trump is you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
