so Michael Wolf's book is coming out a
little bit earlier than expected because
people are talking about it non-stop of
course it's called fire and fury it's
about the inside story of Donald Trump's
White House like the knuckleheads that
they are they just let this reporter
come in and sit in there for 18 months
during the campaign and and then during
the White House and you know how he got
in by the way he wrote one flattering
piece about Donald Trump and especially
on the cover of the magazine Trump
thought he looked good so he's like okay
I like this guy yeah let him sit in and
hear all the meetings and say you have
him talked to all my advisers what a
terrible idea as usual so wolf goes in
there in wolf's clothing and talks to
all the different staffers obviously
most famously Steve Bannon but it is not
just about banning when you read the
entirety of the comments that are being
made I'm not even gonna get to the stuff
that was revealed yesterday and all the
things about the how stupid Donald Trump
is in Donald Trump jr. or in Ivanka etc
that we already talked about yes it
these are all new comments now so let's
get to it because the overwhelming sense
you get from everyone around Donald
Trump is they're stunned by how stupid
Donald Trump is so Sam Nunn Berg one of
his trusted advisors who yesterday we
read you the quote about how he came in
and tried to teach Donald Trump the
Constitution because Trump doesn't know
it at all and he said he couldn't make
it past the fourth amendment his eyes
started rolling in the back of his head
and Nonnberg apparently at one point
said about Trump quote he's just a
fucking fool that's a Trump advisor
we're not anywhere near done apparently
Rupert Murdoch and Trump talked all the
time Murdoch wants to have influence
over him but once he hangs up Murdoch
apparently said about Trump quote what a
fucking moron beating me in a sense of
how these guys feel just getting started
here's an excerpt from a piece that
Michael Wolfe put up on the Hollywood
Porter for Rex Tillerson he was a moron
for Gary cone he was dumb as shit that's
his top economic adviser by the way
saying that about him
for HR McMaster is national security
adviser he was a hopeless idiot for
Steve Bannon he had lost his mind so
anyone who comes in contact with Donald
Trump goes man that guy's stupid that's
unbelievable how stupid he is
here's war to say that Noma was in
charge that there were no guiding
principles not even a working org chart
would again be an understatement what
did I tell you was his defining
characteristic even before he took
office during the campaign we did a
loser Donald segments because his
defining characteristic is he's
incompetent through and through he went
bankrupt six different times he got
bailed out by his dad every time he the
guy couldn't manage his way out of a
paper bag he went bankrupt running a
casino how do you lose money when you're
the house the house always wins
unless you're Donald Trump and you're
fucking moron
so I told you you was stupid and warm
chart
he wouldn't know an old shirt if it hit
him across the face you back well what's
an org right is that in Lord of the Ring
what is that
notes organization you're supposed to
have organization what are you running
the country okay more reigning over all
of us all this was Trump enigma cipher
and disruptor how to get along with
Trump who veered between a kind of
blissed-out pleasure being in the Oval
Office and a deep childish frustration
that he couldn't have what he wanted now
that's the second seems throughout a
child child Chavez you're gonna see in a
second what time Trump comes into office
and he's complained that he got nothing
done think about look at the mirror
dumbass so anyway he's going around to
his staffers he's and says quote I want
to win I want to win where's my win oh
oh my god what a child what an
unbelievable child okay we're not we're
only halfway through
here's more he was in words used by
almost every member of the senior staff
on repeated occasions quote like a child
in one scene Katie Walsh former formerly
a deputy chief of staff is quoted as
saying that dealing with Trump is quote
like trying to figure out what a child
wants Walsh disputed that account
Wednesday to at Axios reporter it's at
look the is laser he talked to 200
people he was sitting in the White House
he said I couldn't believe that they'd
let me just sit in whatever room I
wanted him pretty much and so he's like
then people would keep coming up and
talking to me that same Katie Walsh left
was in a couple of months and and as
Michael Wolf correctly points out in any
other administration if you're deputy
chief of staff leaves that early that
would be a huge story like wait is there
chaos and disorder in the White House
why is this a really important person
leaving that quickly you should join the
parade
I mean Spicer and pre-business scrub
Lucci nobody even remembers Katie Walsh
who's Katie was because the whole place
is on fire it's just it's a dumpster
fire Katie Walsh so did she think like
almost every senior staffer that he was
like a child of course she did of course
it's part of the reason why she got the
hell out
so when Donald Trump was asked earlier
this is before the blow-up about Steve
and his influence cuz Saturday Night
Live was camp ribbing him say saying
that President Bannon was really in
charge oh and I got under the child's
skin and he of course thrown temper
tantrums and and he apparently said
Trump did how much influence do you
think Steve Bennett has over me zero
zero look at rational person would say
yeah I've got a lot of advisers Steve's
one of them I talk to him every well I
think his counsel you see the President
of course not I'm the president instead
of going hero zero where's my red oh
Jesus this guy most powerful guy on
earth god help us all god help the
planet so Steve Bannon remembers chief
strategist at the
time that he's giving these quotes this
is not after they had a rift and now
Steve ban isn't mad at him this is while
he's at the white house that he's
talking to this reporter he's described
this way Steve Bannon was openly
handicapping a thirty three point three
percent chance of impeachment a thirty
three point three percent chance of
resignation in the shadow of the 25th
amendment meaning that he is unqualified
and incompetent mentally incompetent for
office and a thirty three percent chance
that he might limp to the finish line on
the strength of liberal arrogance and
weakness here's a guy who helped get him
elected wanted him to succeed and on
another occasion Bannon said that Trump
had the mentality of an 11 year old all
say the same thing monumentally
shockingly stupid and the temperament of
a child final quote for you guys my
indelible impression wolf says of
talking them and observing them through
much of the first year of his presidency
is that they all 100% came to believe he
was incapable of functioning in his job
that right there is the sad state of
affairs in the United States of America
that's our president god help us all
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks out every day
