the women of Hollywood have come
together raise money and they are
pushing forward with an effort to
provide legal assistance and legal
funding to individuals who have been
victimized by sexual assault or rape in
the industries that they work in now
this is an effort that not only impacts
women who work in the entertainment
industry but women who work in all
different types of jobs including those
who might work as employees at a hotel
may be cleaning rooms
whatever it is they just want to make
sure that they help provide support to
these people and by the way it's not
just women they want to help provide
support to men who have been victimized
as well it's known as The Times up
initiative the group's aim is to provide
a thirteen million dollar legal to vent
defense fund to help women in a variety
of industries bring sexual harassment
cases now this is something that has
gotten a lot of positive attention
because it is a positive effort this is
great news but there's one person who
doesn't think it's great news and
thought it would be a great time to
criticize the time's up initiative that
person is Laura Ingraham let's take a
look but now to the latest sexual
harassment opportunism coming out of
Hollywood to great fanfare they got
start treatment in all the magazines
newspapers a group of 300 female power
players in Hollywood announced what
they're calling the time's up initiative
it's an effort to fight sexual
harassment and other gender issues
across the country and in the
entertainment industry itself now it's
awfully convenient that these powerful
women many of whom knew for years about
the exploits of Harvey Weinstein and
others like him are now seeking to
cleanse themselves from any guilt by
association with this type of grand role
out in gesture but beneath the
girl-power platitudes and the recruiting
of Anita Hill to write up a blueprint to
end Hollywood sexual harassment it's
something that all of this feels just
like another leftist political hot group
like it's almost like a political action
committee and at the heart of The Times
up
group is a legal defense fund you're
seeing some of the photos with a
thirteen million dollar war chest that's
gonna be used to litigate harassment
claims and donors to fund this meryl
streep reese witherspoon steven
spielberg and other hillary backers and
by the way several talent agencies well
under duress no doubt it's kind of like
what jesse jackson used to do with his
operation push well the defense fund is
being led by Tina Chen as far as I could
tell her only previous claim to fame was
that she was chief of staff to wait for
it Michelle Obama
oh she was chief of staff to Michelle
Obama that means that she could never do
anything good no philanthropic work we
can't she is not to be trusted
what are you doing homegirl like you're
sitting there talking shit but what are
you doing right like she is literally
the only person I've seen so far that
has anything negative to say about this
and by the way the first allegation in
that commentary was oh these women knew
lonnie's women were victimized
themselves and it didn't matter if they
came forward and spoke about it because
they were immediately shunned
immediately brushed under the rug that's
exactly what happened with Rose McGowan
and so you know she's acting as if all
of these people were complicit in what
was going on when in reality a lot of
them were victimized themselves and they
finally feel emboldened and empowered
enough to come forward and do something
about it what does Fox News do they hire
black people to attack black people they
hire a Latino State attacked like
Latinos and in this case they hire women
they attack other woman they all knew
how do you know they knew what what like
what is look by the way I'm check to her
saying and sometimes some liberals say
it right like oh they knew how do you
know what Meryl Streep knew or didn't
know how do you how are you inside her
head she once worked on two movies with
Harvey Weinstein so she knows what
Harvey Weinstein was doing in a basement
with a potted plant she doesn't know
that at least you certainly don't know
that it's obviously in an effort to
cleanse themselves or maybe just maybe
they actually care about other human
beings I know that's never crossed your
mind because what do conservatives do
projection she thinks well I would never
care about any other person so if there
appear to be spending money caring about
other people well it's obviously
Creek also it's obviously to just help
yourself because that's all we do here
at FoxNews and and one more thing about
projection Anna yeah it's obviously for
political reasons like a political
action committee why because if
conservatives did it they would never
mean it in good conscience they would
actually be doing it for a secret
purpose to collect emails etc for their
political purposes so they project onto
liberals so these guys are not that
political they're like I don't know this
seems bad and it seems like we can
defend ourselves because we're famous
but waitresses and and and cleaning
people in attendance can't protect
themselves maybe we should help them but
to the conservative mind that makes no
sense it doesn't compute there's no
reason you would do anything that didn't
help yourself and that was actually
political secretly it's also interesting
how in the same statement she goes on to
criticize these women and their effort
to raise money for legal defense and
then at the same time she'll go ahead
and you know because when she's talking
about like oh they knew they knew right
you know that gives the indication that
she thinks that the Harvey Weinstein
story is a serious one sexual harassment
or sexual assault is serious and if she
genuinely thinks that then great I'm on
her side right but then in the same
statement she goes on to belittle what
Anita Hill went through because when
liberals or so-called liberals carry out
any type of abusive behavior they should
be criticized right if anyone's
complicit in it they should be
criticized but if a conservative if a
conservative Supreme Court justice
nominee is accused of sexual harassment
Anita Hill
boring don't want to hear it in other
words what is she doing she's
politicizing it exactly and she just she
just said oh yeah they probably are
doing this for political reasons and
then she goes and turns around and says
if it's a liberal he actually did it if
it's conservative
that didn't happen no way you see how
they're politicizing it okay and just
one more thing about they need a Hil
part she's such a bad entertainer if you
will and talk-show host and then Anita
Hill
acting ok so fake that was only one part
I have to show you the second part of
this video because this is actually the
portion that infuriated me the most
take a look many of these women are the
same women who have made millions of
dollars flaunting their bodies for
anyone who cares to watch and at times
even watching these award shows or some
talented people there's beautiful folks
women and men but at times the dresses
seem to be defying the laws of physics
right on the double sided tape how do
they keep that up for a while was almost
as if Hollywood was creating a new
category and accepting on behalf of for
the deepest neckline is well I mean you
can wear whatever you want but then
don't be shocked when people including
men stare it's gonna happen now these
same people producers writers directors
agents and actors who have objectified
women and in some cases themselves
they're suddenly the moral conscience of
the entire country not just the
entertainment industry they're gonna
safeguard women across the country well
what are we gonna believe that they're
looking like what pilgrims this award
season what are they gonna be wearing oh
ok
oh that that's actually a good look on
her perhaps a little house in the
Prairie collection will be making its
premiere at the Golden Globes what are
you wearing Laura Ingalls Wilder oh look
don't hold your breath you know who's
gonna do more help to help women than
anyone else this year by the way they
won't admit it but I'll tell you who
yeah there is Donald Trump Donald
Trump's gonna help women yeah he's gonna
help himself just like you she's been
accused by at least 16 women 16 women of
sexual harassment more sexual assault or
sexual assault he was caught on tape on
audio talking about grabbing women by
the genitals and how he doesn't even
have to ask for their permission you
know you can do whatever you want just
grabbed him by the pussy when you're a
star okay so first of all who watches
Laura Ingraham and doesn't think my god
she seems incredibly mean and when she
was getting a Fox News show there were
reports out that the staffers panicked
in inside the building they were like
nobody wanted to be assigned to it
because she's so unbearable
even at FoxNews headquarters they're
like whoa not Laura Ingraham yeah I mean
I know this is a little side note and
it's I shouldn't focus too much on it
she's so bad at her job Laura Ingraham
House on the Prairie what is that what
what that what the hell was that
right yeah and and the dresses they
showed at the end they were almost I
mean like I don't even I can't I know
they're trying to appeal to males who
grew up in 1955 because that's the Fox
News audience no show she took over
literally the demographic the average
age is 72 years old yeah 72 okay that
means for every 42 year-old there's a
hundred and two-year-old watching that
show so okay so I get it and they're
like oh yeah yeah those references to
the Prairie the Prairie remember the
prey the Prairie was good and these
women with them plunging lakna next show
me some b-roll of a short joke that was
such a classic Fox news segment though
in that you know everyone is so you know
self congratulatory and they feel so
good about themselves because they're
judging the way others are dressing and
how it's too provocative too promiscuous
to this to that but at the same time
they have like constant b-roll in the
background of the plunging necklines
that they're being so judgmental about
they'll do it again so that's why I make
predictions ahead of time Sean Hannity
every single spring break there's a
story about spring break sometimes
several times a year and it'll show
non-stop girls in bikinis go cut cut
that can you believe these girls at
bikinis these liberals are outrageous
I'm going to show to you for at least 20
minutes he'll do it again this year
starting around March he'll go to is the
annual war on spring break where he
shows you nothing but wall-to-wall girls
in bikinis because those guys from 1955
are like yeah don't turn it honey
wrong turn it okay so now last thing
about this look it's it's all fun
because it's so over-the-top so absurd
right I'm judging what they're wearing
but the person who's going to help women
is Donald Trump I mean how do you say
with a straight face but
there is something really really serious
and when she did there and it was
blaming women for dressing wrong and the
issue isn't whether guys look okay yeah
we get it guys look and the whole
country looks but that's not the issue
the issue that they raised the thirteen
million dollars for is sexual harassment
and sexual assault okay
that's not looking and so what is she
doing she's victim blaming well I mean
you're worried about sexual harassment
and assault but look at what you were
wearing yeah I mean it is the oldest and
dirtiest tactic to attack the victims
yeah exactly and and I I mean anyone who
knows their rhetoric can immediately
identify what she was trying to do there
and it's just hilarious because again in
the same argument in the same video
she you know criticizes these women who
are trying to help other women out other
people out not just other women other
people out who have been victimized she
criticizes them by accusing them of
being complicit but then at the same
time goes ahead and slut-shamed them for
what they're wearing
who cares what they're wearing are you
thought you sound a little jealous to
keep it real okay
and then basically makes it seem as
though oh well if you've been sexually
assaulted or harassed well you deserve
it you're wearing that plunging neckline
just shut up if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
