Fox News has provided wall-to-wall
coverage in regard to the state of
California legalizing marijuana for
recreational use in fact they brought on
their so-called a team at Fox & Friends
to speak to a doctor by the name of Mark
Siegel to spread misinformation myths
and lies about marijuana
take a look what about brain health when
I was in high school I remember people
saying if you do this it's going to kill
your brain cells is that a myth no it
actually does kill your brain cells
number well affects your heart lungs too
but in terms of that that's the biggest
problem you do not perform as well on
tests you do not do as well in the
workplace
it affects relationships so long-term
use and we're talking about you know
once a week we're not talking about
somebody that uses it once or twice
regular use of pot definitely impacts
relationships I see it all the time and
I see it in the office although we all
have someone in mind that gosh there are
a lot of people in my high school they
were so smart and they would do that and
then go down the wrong kind of course
they use it with other things like
alcohol there's a huge increase of
alcohol use among people that are also
using pot right and you talk about that
being a gateway drug and you listening
don't wait Bauman talked to you
yesterday completely agree the way drug
to other drugs okay a lot of things to
talk about there first of all he
discussed the notion that pot users lose
brain cells right and I've heard that
we've all heard that myth and I never
really looked into it right I wanted to
see if there was actually evidence to
back it up and there was one study
decades ago that argued that marijuana
does make you lose brain cells kills
brain cells but that study was later
proven to be there were issues with the
methodology because there weren't the
proper controls they didn't do the study
on humans they did the study on monkeys
and later on researchers did more
studies and found no you don't lose
brain cells that is not the case there
have been some credible studies that
indicate that if young people while
they're developing their brains if
they're smoking pot and they're doing so
heavily that could cause some issues in
terms of memory and learning so that's
that's something that I
is credible right but to say that it
kills your brain cells and then also
that it ruins relationships is
ridiculous
so where's your medical research because
I you're on the medical a-team so I know
you must have some to back up any of
what you're saying where is this study
on how it ruins relationships no this is
just a bunch of knuckleheads who just
got together in a room know it sucks
does it oh yeah well totally yeah what
does it do I don't ruin relationships
wounds circuses - I went to a circus it
just ruined it yeah I mean the the the
female anchor there she she has some
issues with somebody in her life who
smokes too much pot but oh I saw some
really smart people and then who they
went down the wrong path I mean it's
like a comic book out of 1955 again
sorry like oh and then he went down the
alley to meet with a dangerous guy
selling him pot gateway drug we already
know what the gateway drug is it's
called oxycontin and you're still having
a conversation about gateway drugs there
actually is a ton of studies that
marijuana is not a gateway drug but in
fact opioids are legal prescription
painkillers which probably you advertise
on your channel are the actual gateway
drug and I have got to find out who's on
Fox's medical bTW medical a-team I don't
want to see what the B team looks like
the argument that marijuana leads to
more alcohol use is also completely
false
in fact the alcohol lobby has spent a
considerable amount of money to squash
any and all legalization efforts because
they know that it's gonna hurt their
bottom line people who want to smoke pot
usually aren't interested in going out
to go drinking they're less likely to
binge drink and so the alcohol Lobby is
very aware of that and they've been
funding politicians left and right
trying to get them to continue this
prohibition on marijuana at least on a
federal level so I know that he's on the
a-team but he got that wrong - which is
weird but there's that also not shown by
any study in fact in states that have
legalized marijuana alcohol sales have
dipped considerably
and so no they're not generally speaking
and do some people smoke pot and drink
at the same time sure but generally
speaking no on a macro level drinking is
going down now that marijuana is going
up which probably will reduce the number
of DUIs look it's not to say that
marijuana has no side effects it will it
hurt your lungs yes
if you smoke marijuana it will hurt your
lungs it has other potential issues and
it depends on who you are and how often
you do it depends on your own makeup so
but it should be science-based not based
on these cokes on Fox News trying to
spread propaganda so I couldn't help
myself I grabbed one more video of this
interaction that they had to do because
it was hilarious let's take a look it
actually increases among teens in select
Colorado three times as many teens ended
up in the emergency room they don't die
from it but they end up with rapid
paranoia and you're against this and
over all the other the other thing that
it's not in the card but as edibles
because they're unregulated you don't
know what you're eating that comes in
different types of foodstuffs sometimes
that's where the poisonings are coming
from people are eating candy they have
it in drinks they wow this looks great
there's no stop sign on there you know
at least when you're smoking it you know
how much you're getting you do not know
how much you're getting when you're
eating it at least two emergency room
visits it leads to all kinds of paranoia
psychosis very bad stuff okay so the
reason why I wanted to show you guys
that portion of their exchange was
because they're focusing on edibles and
there's like a tiny morsel of truth
there right yeah edibles are incredibly
powerful if you don't know what you're
doing if you eat too much it could lead
to paranoia I know someone who decided
to consume marijuana for the first time
ever had too much of it and then ended
up in an immersion in an emergency room
because it could make you like just very
very paranoid now with that said the
argument that edibles are not regulated
in these states that have legalized it
for either medicinal use or recreational
use is flat-out wrong so in California
for instance let's say you want to buy a
chocolate bar version of an edible right
chocolate bars used to come
in I don't know 180 milligrams 100
whatever milligrams 200 milligrams now
each bar has to be a hundred milligrams
max and each portion or each yeah each
portion is ten milligrams each so they
act as if like you don't know what
you're gonna get it's this edible and it
says it so it's a big question mark
there's no stop signs there's no nothing
so you're gonna consume and you're gonna
end up paranoid you're gonna have
marijuana poison Hey yeah well I'd love
that is my favorite part of the segment
I mean there's so many great parts but
the gigantic sign that said poisoning
okay look you should be a little bit
careful with edibles especially if you
don't know what you're doing but yes
they do come in increments so that it
helps you to be careful and in fact what
you could argue that one increment is a
stop sign be careful before you go to
the secondary so these these folks are
old let's just keep it real
and so the average age of the Fox News
viewer overall is 69 years old
so David ton of old people who get it
though you know what I'm saying no of
course these are all yes anyway so
they're partly referring to Maureen Dowd
this is my two favorite edible stories
so Maureen Dowd is a New York Times
opinion columnist you know I got my
issues with her but she's right some
fine self anyway she's a bright person
but she goes to Colorado to try edibles
but she hasn't done it before and so she
goes to hotel room and she eats too much
because she didn't ask you're a writer
for The New York Times ask someone how
what is the increment I should be eat
right and she starts tripping like
nobody's business and then she writes an
article the next day like people know
what happens yeah most was that and then
some oh no if they take a little while
to work right yes so they got one from a
friend and they text a friend I don't
get it this isn't working and a friend
takes back don't take more okay
he's like I got this I got this he's
like still not working the third text is
from the merged
oh no he was totally fine he was just
trippin like crazy no one's gonna die
from marijuana but but I know maybe from
personal experience or maybe from a
friend telling me that yeah if you have
too much like my friend like was
hallucinating so it's serious there's no
question about that that's why I wanted
to point to that little tiny morsel of
truth but to say that it's unregulated
is just a flat-out lie okay in fact
regulating it makes the situation better
because you have more information about
what you're consuming yeah and that's
the thing they take tiny curls of truth
likes do some people get paranoid on
marijuana of course right and they blow
it up to poisoning Fox News 101 if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
