there's more than just the band and
revelations coming out of the upcoming
book by Michael Wolfe some of it having
to go back to the the run-up to the
actual election and what the goal of the
Trump campaign actually was and so I
want to turn to that now in the book it
says even though the numbers in a few
key states had appeared to be changing
at Trump's advantages this is all an
election night neither Conway Kelly and
Conway nor Trump himself nor his
son-in-law Jared Kushner the effective
head of the campaign wavered in their
certainty their unexpected adventure
would soon be over that's the campaign
not only would Trump not be president
almost everyone in the campaign agreed
he should probably not be conveniently
the former conviction meant nobody had a
deal
with the latter issue except oops he
ends up going on to actually win so they
were apparently shocked by that but so
if they didn't think if you win why was
he actually running well apparently a
trump encouraged by Ailes was in the
run-up to the election floating rumors
about a trump network which we talked
about the time it was a great future he
would come out of this campaign Trump
assured Ailes with a far more powerful
brand and untold opportunity however
Election Day came and it started to look
like he was going to win and this is
amazing shortly after 8:00 p.m. on
election night when the unexpected trend
Trump might actually win seemed
confirmed Don jr. told a friend that his
father or djt as he calls him looked as
if he had seen a ghost Melania was in
tears and not of joy Wow Wow
but look think about it guys yes so why
did I say the Trump didn't want to run
that I maintain that for years and years
and years all the years he threatened
run because I thought he had to give up
his textures I was wrong about that he
turns out he didn't have to and they
can't have the tax returns on not just
because it doesn't it shows that he
doesn't have as much money as he claimed
but because of potential ties to Russian
oligarchs so it is a fact confirmed by
both Eric Trump and Donald Trump jr.
that they have received hundreds of
millions of dollars from the Russians
now you can say that there are some very
fine people that are Russian oligarchs
maybe but if you're receiving that sum
of money from the Russians
there is usually something they asked
for in return and and they issue of
money laundering of course has come up
and it's specifically in this book so in
that scenario you know it turns out you
don't have to give your tax returns
running for president but if you win the
presidency are you really going to be
able to survive four years without
anyone looking at your tax returns that
becomes really really unlikely then
you've signed up for something you
really didn't imagine or one why
wouldn't you want to be President the
only reason you wouldn't want to be
present as if you are people are gonna
find out something you really really
don't want them to find out in fact
you'll find the head of the FBI to make
it happen you'll threaten to fire the
Attorney General to make sure they don't
find out you're threatened fire the
Special Counsel to make sure they don't
find out etc and Melania I mean that's a
real Side Story it's just like a little
bit of shot in Florida but like she to
me she looks like she's in a hostage
video and all their appearances right
and you know the swatting away of the
hand these are minor little things but
she's got to be thinking I didn't sign
up for this I signed up to marry an
obnoxious rich guy now all of a sudden
the whole world is watching us and I
know what's behind the curtain
and it's not good another section said
that on an augur a shin - II was nearly
in tears - that he was angry and
fighting with her and all that on
inauguration day even though he had the
biggest crowd ever now there is more
though really fast though again like we
talked about whether he actually wanted
to win anyway and he is enough of a
narcissist another thing that Bannon
called him in the book - to run just
because he thought it would benefit
himself later that his brand would
improve he'd have new deals or whatever
but think about like if you're a
Republican how cold that is that you
would run thinking you're gonna lose
Hillary Clinton just to help yourself
that you took away the chance that some
other Republican would have had that is
cold-blooded
but there's more information but can I
just say to that saying like if you
actually cared about the country
but here's another thing about Rd or the
party
there's no ideology the least
interesting revelation of the book is
ban and calling him a narcissist another
section though early in the campaign Sam
Nunn Burke was sent to explain the
Constitution to Trump I got as far as
the 4th amendment before his finger is
pulling down on his lip and his eyes are
rolling back in his head by the way no
he did ask Trump right no the third
amendment is that's true
he has no idea yeah like for Trump's
sake he really should have stuck around
at least to the 25th but anyway a little
bit more for you oh so this is I hope
that this causes another little feud and
it's gonna be tough because it's his
favorite Channel ever after Trump met
with a high-level delegation from
Silicon Valley he reportedly called
Rupert Murdoch to give him a rundown
Trump said the meeting went great and
Obama was not very favorable to them too
much regulation Murdoch reportedly ended
the call with a shrug saying what a
fucking idiot but no no but every single
person who has met with cobbler and
walked away saying that remember Rex
Tillerson famously walked away after he
says why don't we make the nuclear
arsenal 10 times his size
yeah and he till her son walked out
going what a fucking moron Thomas
brought jr. one of his top funders
Trump's funders and friends he's a
billionaire apparently behind the scenes
said he's not only crazy
but stupid another friend had once said
look we all know he's a pathological
liar it's ok he's a good guy he's a fun
guy to hang out with you just don't
trust anything he says ok Jesus if you
know two people from inside the White
House why do you think bob Corker deeply
right-wing Republican senator from
Tennessee who voted for those monstrous
tax cuts who votes for everything the
Republicans well why do you think he
came out and said people inside the
White House or warning that we're in a
dangerous situation because anyone who
spends a day with Donald Trump walks out
thinking that guy's a fucking idiot and
oh my god he's got his finger on the
button we got to get him out of there a
lot of dangers of the world you just
watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
