let's go to a couple of these scopes
from today's press conference first here
is if they want to add anything to the
statements that we've just read from for
you I think the president's statement is
extremely clear what his position on mr.
Bannon is was pretty lengthy and pretty
detailed and there's not really much to
clarify or to add but once again I think
the president's statement fully
addresses what his position and what his
relationship with mr. Bannon is I I
think there's some stuff you could
theoretically clarify and I think they
will attempt to do that but first we
were just talking about what position
Bannon actually had in the White House
so here is attempt by reporters to to
get some response to that the statement
the president statements suggests that
it's deepening that very little
influence in the White House but the
president's up elevated him to the same
level as the chief of staff and put him
on the National Security Council how do
you reconcile that I wouldn't say that
he elevated him to the same level of the
chief of staff and I think that in the
actions that Steve took the president
was clear that it didn't have a lot of
influence on him or the decision-making
process throughout his time here at the
White House and so look the reporters
are sort of confused but I don't think
it's that complicated he was a basically
low-level intern who did typical intern
shit like make coffee determine national
security policy you know go run some
errands or something run the entire
campaign
typical intern crap be the chief
strategist if he's the coffee boy why
did you give him the title of chief
strategist yeah he doesn't have a
nickname yet but I am I'm waiting for
that I don't know what's gonna be oh
well Felicio I'm gonna suggest it's not
gonna be clever what would be clever and
it's a layup it's easy actually is loose
Bannon right Bannon fodder whatever the
stuff that we do yeah okay he's named
him do any of that he's gonna be like
bad Steve you're like bonkers abandon no
that's way too clever damn can you
remember that for the Russia
investigation he called up all his
friends because he thought he had a
really clever comeback and he and they
said what is it what is it he said I'm
gonna call it Oh
witch-hunt yeah
I am not sure he's got two brain cells
to rub together it's like one and a half
was just kind of like I'm struggling
here ya know it's only gonna get worse
every year from here on out for him
mentally by the way one one final thing
if we could bring up a graphic 30 you're
gonna see that you wanted to see where
they were gonna come out on sides
it appears that Matt Drudge is going
with the president no wonder
schizophrenic Steve Bannon has been
walking around with a small army of
bodyguards okay no George and Bannon had
always been fighting so I'm not
surprised by that I am a little curious
where the alright is gonna go you know
because the trolls have never been more
confused well it'll be interesting I
could see a way that so it seems like
okay they love Trump obviously but they
also love Ben cuz he represents their
ideology in a more pure way perhaps than
Trump does yeah but I think the end they
want Breitbart they love Breitbart but
if Breitbart was were just to distance
themselves from Bannon which is
difficult but not impossible then maybe
they could have it both ways and so far
I saw a bright Bart's headline today was
he not only lost his job you lost his
mind
so I mean it wasn't a strong reaction to
what the president said it was simply
publicizing what the president said well
we're gonna find out if bannon's alone
or not based on what Robert Mercer does
so Robert Mercer so for the progressives
it's almost all grassroots the rich
liberals give all their money to
terrible people like david brock and
they try to Mesa Kaleem ain't Ain the
status quo so they're of no help to
actual progressives really literally
almost none y'all this boogie man about
out George Soros what a source given
that has actually helped anything right
it's all ghosts like stupid stuff at the
very top mainly to protect the status
quo okay but for Republicans almost all
everything is based on the guy behind
the guy okay the money guys so yesterday
we do the story of Rabbi Shmuley puts
out an ad in The Washington Post against
Lord and New Zealand calling them
anti-semitic
Rabbi Shmuley
any fucking money okay it's Sheldon
Adelson who and yet by the way it's
reported as such who gave smoothly the
money to run that ad so it's not shmuly
it's Adelson who's doing it right and
Bannon is not Bannon
it's Robert Mercer with that Robert
Mercer Breitbart actually does not have
that many of you readers you think
though all right reads so it's true
Gooden that's why they like Pepe the
Frog they're like ah it's a cartoon I
get it it's a picture right so hope so
without Mercer bright parts nothing they
go bankrupt tomorrow and and so which
ways Mercer gonna go did Mercer sanction
this in other words by the way just like
I told you on day one as well once they
get their tax cuts exactly done with
them do they hate Ronnie with them I
mean Trump at this point is just dead
weight and he only serves to increase
the chance that they lose control of at
least the house probably not the Senate
but possibly the Senate and that sort of
thing could actually harm I mean I don't
the tax cuts are not gonna be reversed
tomorrow it's very difficult but if
they're going to be that's important
first step and Trump only makes it more
likely at this point so they got their
money if they want to keep their money
Trump and dangers it yeah Plus you know
they could die in a nuclear apocalypse
I'm at right I know at this point yeah
yeah I'm I'm trying not to gloat too
much but this list rain looks like it's
headed towards the biggest told you of
all time if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash joined get
the whole young turks Oh everyday
