we've got new details on a mass arrest
two that ended a New Year's Eve party
after police found a tiny little bit of
drugs and wait till you hear these
details officers arrived at this party
after hearing what was reported as
gunfire and the they detected the odor
of marijuana and observed subjects
fleeing the premises probably because it
was being raided by the police while
conducting their investigation officers
noted marijuana in plain view and
initially recovered a semi-automatic
handgun which contextually is either a
right that all Americans have or if it's
a person of a different race it's cause
to arrest dozens and dozens of people so
they reportedly entered the house
without the permission of the partygoers
and after less than one ounce of
marijuana was discovered 63 attendees
were arrested and sent to jail because
no one claimed the drugs as theirs so
they had to arrest 63 people and that's
a big party I've never had a party that
big everyone at the house is arrested
for possession of the marijuana which
police say was in everyone's reach or
control although to be fair it was one
ounce so I'm sure some of those 63
people were out of arms or each of it
and according to jail records the 63
individuals who were arrested on
Saturday night were processed by Monday
night that's a quite a gap there all
were charged with a single count of
marijuana possession although that's
literally impossible for them to all
have all possessed it it would have to
be like one grain at that point the
individuals arrested were predominantly
black males aged 19 to 25 you will be
shocked to find out and Channel 2
reports some have lost their jobs as a
result of spending multiple days in jail
because of course now you should
understand that this was in Georgia it
was in Cartersville Georgia now in
Athens Georgia black individuals are
four point seven times more likely to be
charged with a marijuana violation than
white individuals the same discrepancy
exists on the national level as well so
I wonder perhaps that had something to
do with what happened in Cartersville so
I had an interesting experience reading
this story John because in the beginning
they don't talk about who what the race
is so as I'm reading the story I'm like
man it's Georgia
so they're more conservative there I
didn't even think about race I'm just
thinking about the war on drugs and how
stupid it is my god they're arresting 63
people from one ounce of marijuana then
I read they were threatened with Tasers
mmm okay I'm like all right partygoers
more likely to be black as we as we keep
going in this story then they were
locked up in cages to our tie with zip
ties
okay SIP ties I get their arrest that
they put it and they put them in cages
then they're kept in jail for all that
time there's no way they're white okay
they're lured they're gonna lawyer up
people are gonna come is they're gonna
be worried 63 people at a party at a
white party somebody's gonna be powerful
we got to get him out of here right
lock him up let alone keep him in jail
for all that time have some of them lose
jobs etc and then I saw this quote they
told me I was unfit person to have a
baby
Mike alright and I was gonna ask you
because I didn't think it was gonna be
in this story hey can you look up if
they're white or black and if they're
white I'll come on there and be like hey
I thought there couldn't be black but it
turns out they're white I don't then you
read later in this er of course of
course they're black of course so you
think they go to a white party and
arrest 63 people and put them into cages
over an ounce of marijuana you know why
they went in the first place
they're worried about gunshots they find
out it's fireworks white people are
having a party with fireworks there's
one ounce of marijuana and they arrest
them all no way no way no way I know
we're crazy on the war on drugs right
and it's like anything is possible now
right and hops for shooting moms and
yoga pants and so but but it doesn't
look it's an unbelievable anecdote but
if you say hey it's just an anecdote
John just gave you the numbers in in a
similar town in Georgia four point seven
times more likely to get arrested if
you're black the national average is a
little lower to be fair you're a three
point seven times more likely to be
arrested even though you're just as
likely to smoke marijuana if you're
white or black so are they targeting
black people in mass throughout the
country and it doesn't have to be
purposeful the cops they don't have to
go with the mindset of I hate all
black people if they're black in there
I'm gonna arrest everyone they don't
have to think that that's not what we're
saying but there are assumptions that
they make
there's stereotypes in the back of their
heads which leads to black people being
arrested four times the rate of white
people for the same harmless offense Oh
smokin marijuana or in this case not
smoking I mean I don't know how many
cops they had there but how did one not
just like look around as they're carting
out dozen after does it after dozen of
people just think what the hell are we
doing we got in this supposedly
because of something having to do with
justice and you have to go pretty far
astray to end up with this sort of
situation and yeah I mean the racial
component like see as you point out like
I like to be very upfront about the
things I don't have enough experience to
talk about but I will say that in this
case I have literally decades of
experience of being white and there has
never been a party of 63 white people
between 19 and 25 that didn't have an
ounce of marijuana okay every party I've
ever been to if you want to and card
them all off you could take their weed
you can take their Dave Matthews CDs you
can do it all but they don't obviously
because of the racial component to all
of this okay in last thing guys look
there's three layers to the story
there's the outrageous war on drugs is
so monumentally stupid there's a racial
angle which we discussed but there's an
argument to be made the most important
angle is the class angle yeah because
like it is conceivable the only way that
is conceivable is it's 63 guy white guys
in a holler in the middle of West
Virginia right and they don't give a
damn about you also do nothing right
well it might be a different route but
it's okay they don't care about you but
you know in your heart or heart it
doesn't matter you all know it doesn't
matter if you're a right wing or left
wing your there's no way they're
arresting 63 people in a party in
Beverly Hills over an ounce of marijuana
it is not a thing that happens in this
country it will never happen in this
country there's no way there you're
arresting 63 people at Princeton there's
no way they're arresting 63 people on a
Wall Street it's just not going to
happen over an ounce of marijuana but if
you're poor they don't care about you
they just look at you as something they
have to process
not as actual human beings I think they
would not arrest a party of 63 people in
Beverly Hills if they had an ounce of
weapons-grade plutonium if you liked
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
