today is a crazy day in the news is how
crazy just two ways one America is
talking about a book which that's a big
change and to Trump found a white
supremacist he doesn't like anymore
actually first time it's ever happened
and it all has to do with a Michael
Wolfe book that's coming out in just a
few days that has a number of
interesting and provocative even
shocking revelations from inside of the
White House from I think he conducted
something like two hundred interviews
and primarily we're gonna focus on
comments coming out of trumps former
chief strategist Steve Bannon there's a
number of different elements of this but
some of the most interesting having to
have to do with bannon's views of the
controversial Trump Tower meeting that
Don jr. and Kushner and others took
pardon here's what Steve Bannon had to
say about that the three senior guys in
the campaign thought it was a good idea
to meet with a foreign government inside
Trump Tower in the conference room on
the twenty-fifth floor with no lawyers
even if you thought that this was not
treasonous or unpatriotic or bad shit
and I happen to think it's all of that
you should have called the FBI
immediately look pause here there's a
thousand amazing angles to this story
but him calling the the Donald Trump jr.
and other people involved in the
campaign stupid that would be gigantic
news than any other administration if
the Obama administration had incredibly
important fashions Biden is calling
Hillary Clinton stupid like whoa what is
this unheard of on president but that is
minor news compared to banning the
former chief strategist for Donald Trump
who headed up his campaign yes who was
the CEO vez campaign whatever that means
saying that is the the Trump son and and
other top members of the campaign were
treasonous they've betrayed this country
that's not a liberal saying it that
Steve ban and the leader of the
alt-right saying it is former chief
strategist that is these news is
unprecedented
I've net literally never seen anything
like this in my lifetime but I would
argue that what we just read is less
interesting than this next one because
there it's a view on what happened he
thinks it's treasonous okay that's fine
that has necessarily changed the legal
situation but he then said that
he was quoted by wolf is saying there
was zero chance Trump junior didn't walk
the Russian meeting attendees up to his
father's office on the 26th floor now
he's not saying he knows that it
happened and I think that you would be
crazy to simply believe anything that
Steve Benin says without checking into
it but if that is actually the case if
there is evidence that that happened
that means that everything that the
Trump family has said in the wake of the
initial news about that meeting was
entirely untrue and that puts them in a
totally new area of legal jeopardy it's
already the Trump Tower meeting is
already absolutely terrible for them
everything about it but if Trump has
been lying this entire time about oh it
was just they didn't have anything we're
kind of pissed about it we rushed them
out the door if they brought them up to
Trump himself to meet about that I don't
know what happens from this point on
after that
okay so let's break down a couple of
really important parts of that Steve
Banta now says look man I don't have any
new versions so that's their business
not my business he said I'm not gonna
get a lawyer I'm not gonna go on
national TV
presumably and during investigations
okay one he's with that quote alone he's
probably wrong because any investigator
in the right mind would say why do you
think they went up to the 26th floor to
meet Donald Trump what do you know that
we don't know we'd certainly like to
know if Donald Trump actually did meet
personally with the Russian
representatives and now that least the
point number two which is this is not
being talked about enough that in that
meeting the lawyer that they talked to
the Trump campaign talked to including
by the way Jared Kushner wanted to talk
about the Magnitsky Act and that it was
clamping down on Russian oligarchs yeah
okay and so the thing that the Putin and
his oligarchs cared most about was that
law so that was enough that was that a
minor meeting that was the major meeting
that what what is the trade you get rid
of that act which is blocking our bank
accounts and we help you win the
election
so anyone involved in that meeting
that's already toxic its nuclear and if
Trump's involved that's even worse
obviously but and it was about the
previs on case the previs on case is
also about the Russian
they had him you know who Adam Preet
Bharara the US attorney in New York you
know what happened remember when Trump
fired him and then they dropped a parent
settled it for a comically low number of
million dollar right afterwards so it's
the corruption it's the kalua for
collusion is liner as Bannon himself
says here as John will review the quotes
it's the money laundering what did I
tell you from day one I told you it was
the money laundering trumpet the
Russians have put in hundreds of
millions of dollars into real estate in
New York and Florida to launder money
that's what the issue is finally in
regards to the importance of those
quotes that we began with why is Ben and
saying it in the first place because
okay sure they he they had a rift at the
at the White House but publicly he's
been generally supporting Trump
Breitbart which he runs has been saying
the investigation is wrongheaded and it
should be ended etc Epstein so why is
Bannon saying this stuff to a reporter
it's because Bannon knows what we don't
know which is that Trump definitely did
it he was that Bannon was there I'm sure
that he tried to stay away and hence why
he's throwing everybody else out of the
busses didn't want anything to do with
the Russians but having been there
having been in those rooms right or
wrong I don't know what evidence he has
but it's obvious from his quotes that
Bama thinks they did it I don't want any
part of it
I'm throwing them under the bus so you
know that I didn't do it
yeah important to bear in mind that
while it looks like wolf had multiple
interviews and meetings with ban and
many of them were before his rift before
he left the White House that's very
important because why is he telling wolf
all this stuff trying to distance
himself from Trump when at the time he
still Trump's chief strategist cuz he
knows they didn't it is the money
laundering okay let's run through a
couple more quotes on that same vein
actually Steve Bannon quoted in the book
which is forthcoming saying this is all
about money laundering mullet shows
senior prosecutor Andrew Weissman first
and he is a money-laundering guy their
path to fucking Trump goes right through
Paul Manafort Don jr. and Jared Kushner
it's
playing as a hair on your face the
Kushner shit is greasy they're going to
go right through that they're gonna roll
those two guys up and say play me or
trade me and then I I hope that the
president's son saw this today they're
going to crack down jr. like an egg on
national TV
adding the White House should reconsider
its apparent lack of concern over the
molar investigation saying they're
sitting on a beach trying to stop a
category five see that's what part of
the reason why he's not on the beach
anymore and he just said hey look at
those idiots on the beach he already
knows a category five is coming that's
why he got the hell out of Dodge
so on on whether it was money laundering
or not we have admissions this is why
people say like Jake how are you so sure
that he did a deal with the Russians
well his two sons have already admitted
that the Russians have funneled all this
money to him Eric Trump said to a
golfing reporter we have all the funding
we need out of Russia that's a direct
quote we need we have all the funding we
need out of Russia okay and dotson the
reporter then asked really and Eric said
oh yeah we've got some guys that really
really love golf and they're really
invested in our programs we just go
there all the time
yeah Russian oligarchs they really
really love golf that's why they
funneled hundreds of millions of dollars
of Donald Trump that's not why rich
people do golf my experience and so
that's Eric Trump Donald Trump jr. said
back in 2008 quote Russia's make up a
pretty disproportionate cross-section of
a lot of our assets we see a lot of
money pouring in from Russia how obvious
does it have to be so that's why Bannon
says if this train goes through Donald
Trump jr. and they're gonna crack him
like an egg because the kids an idiot
they're both idiots
they're so stupid their dad who's
monstrously stupid thinks they're dumb
okay that's how dumb the kids are and
then the
wasn't done yet Bannon also apparently
called Ivanka dumb as a brick
so is she supposed to be the smart one
so I think she is guy look it's about
the money it's always been about the
money the the collusion if during the
election is a side effect of the money
laundering that Trump's been doing for
the residence that's why I thought he'd
never run because I was wrong I thought
that he would have to show his taxes
turns out no he didn't have to show his
taxes he never showed him but Muller's
in his taxes now and he's also the
deutsche bank account and Bannen also
talked about deutsche bank he said
Muller's in deutsche bank it's over it's
you're not getting it it like you don't
get it it because the media for all the
talking that they do about Trump and all
the talking about collusion the minor
little stuff that they that they make I
think they actually make into too big a
deal in terms of the actual election
stuff the emails was a stolen was it a
you know was it WikiLeaks did they get
it from Russia no you're missing the big
picture the reality is that the the
election is is that last part of the
deal okay so look you can say that I'm
wrong about it and and I've been saying
this for a year and I've been saying
it's based on evidence you already see
in the public but why would Bannon say
it why would Bannon while he's still
with Trump say this though because he
knows they did it he knows it and he
just said it it's look man in in a
thousand different ways it's game set
and match I mean it's not like it's over
today Muller hasn't actually revealed
anything yet there's been the actual
indictments of Trump the resignations
etc etc but the this train it's it's
it's a runaway train it and and there's
they think that they're gonna call it
fake news and stop it they're not gonna
stop it
you know why cuz Trump is not smart
enough to cover it up as ban is said on
another instance not related to this
book Trump has the mentality of an 11
year old you think he can cover up
hundreds of millions of
dollars and money-laundering with the
Russians you think he's sophisticated
enough to do that
he'll know they're in the deutsche bank
account no no no
and hey conservatives pick a side
can't wait whose side are you on Bannen
or Trump mmm this is awesome if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
