Donald Trump was of course not happy
about the revelations coming out of
Michael Wolf's upcoming book especially
the quotes about Steve Bannon and how he
viewed the Donald Trump jr. Trump Tower
meeting and so Trump put out a statement
we're gonna show you excerpts of that we
also have Sarah Huckabee Sanders
covering for the President as well first
the statement he said Steve Bannon has
nothing to do with me or my presidency
when he was fired he not only lost his
job he lost his mind and if Trump is an
expert on anything it is having lost
your mind
but we're gonna show you more but
imagine though if I don't even know what
would a similar situation be if Rahm
Emanuel said something mean about
President Obama
imagine President Obama saying he lost
his mind we live in strange times but he
said that then he goes on to say now
that he is on his own Steve is learning
that winning isn't as easy as I make it
look
Steve had very little to do with our
historic victory which directly goes
against past things that Trump has said
but which was delivered by The Forgotten
men and women of this country forgotten
even by Trump now yet Steve had
everything - I love that this is thrown
in it has nothing to do with what
they're talking about yet Steve had
everything to do with the loss of a
Senate seat in Alabama held for more
than 30 years by Republicans so both
Steve Bannon and Trump supported Roy
Moore even though it was a terrible call
the night of the election loss of Roy
Moore Trump says this had nothing to do
with me but everything to do with Steve
been and who like Trump campaign for Roy
Moore it has nothing to do with anything
I just I love that moment man political
blood all over the streets
I mean look first of all if you're a
sane human being who's president you
wouldn't use any of these words to begin
with fine okay but it's Trump were past
that okay second of all pause for a
second this is all in the press the
stuff that you call fake news which is
of course not fake that's why you're
flipping out
call Bannon hey hey Steve did you really
talk to Mike Wolfe Michael Wolfe can we
pretend that you didn't can you go out
there and claim that it's fake news can
we do damage control but he but he's a
child
he has no self-control and he has no
intelligence whatsoever so he doesn't
think rationally in oh no no what you
just made there was you made this civil
war intractable and irreversible
so now Bannon must strike back at you
so now you've lost Breitbart you've lost
some wing of your base certainly right
what do you have left this is Tony
killing Christopher you've got nothing
left the last scene is in a diner okay
in the last face you see is Muller
you're done why did you react and lash
out this way it's such a stupid thing to
do thank you
well the interesting thing is that so
far as I know Bannon the only statement
out of Bannon
by spokesperson is that he's gonna step
back and just let this thing proceed for
a little bit we'll see how long that
goes so all you have are quotes from an
as yet unreleased book it would be so
easy to see Michael Wolfe is lying about
Bannon but he doesn't do that because he
knows he's not lying
what no beta might be lying but
apparently Bannon did tell Michael Wolfe
those things so and Bennett is not like
okay I was just saying if we're gonna
trust someone Steve Banta is not my
number one person to trust the only
person I trust less is Donald Trump
exactly so and and Bannon has a logical
reason to state these things which is
they're all going to jail and I'm not
going there
okay and Trump has all the reason in the
world to lie not no reason to tell the
truth yeah but it doesn't matter you're
you're right they could have planted
they could have concocted a thousand
different stories to try to weasel their
way out of it maintain the base they
could have done all those things but
he's a temperamental child today in the
store in the news we've got the North
Korea's story where White House insiders
are saying you guys aren't getting it
he's on a hair-trigger he could start a
nuclear war at any time you think that
Donald Trump is dangerous and I see
cable news old-time no
you misunderstand the danger it is much
larger than you realize because they see
it every single day Steve Banta saw it
every single day that's why he said he
has the mentality of an 11 year old
that's why when Donald Trump sees this
instead of being calm and trying to
figure out a strategy to combat it what
it said it's a deeply deeply problematic
issue for your white house hey let's get
together let's get if there are any
smart people in the White House let's do
a strategy meeting right no made that
whole way bigger and all Trump's gonna
do going forward is keep digging okay
well we got a little bit more of a
couple more quotes than we have Sarah
Huckabee Sanders attempting to do some
damage control Trump had said in that
statement
Steve pretends to be at war with the
media which he calls the opposition
party yet he spent his time at the White
House leaking false information to the
media to make himself seem far more
important than he was is the only thing
he does well Steve was rarely in a
one-on-one meeting with me and only
pretends have had an influence to fool a
few people with no access and no clue
whom he helped write phony books yeah I
phone he's such a great dumb person word
but anyway um as we're gonna get to like
he tried to put him on the National
Security Council this is a guy who not
just like convinced him like hey maybe
you should pattern yourself after one of
the worst presidents America has ever
had an Andrew Jackson but he was gonna
put in like above the Joint Chiefs for
national security policy making he
really didn't have much influence over
me though and remember when Vanna left
the White House Trump had nothing but
great things to say about it he said it
was a good guy or just Twitter right now
I did it earlier today lots of great
stuff about him as soon as he had left
it was you know I wish them the best
really smart and tough guy that's right
and by the way for for what it's worth
Bannon also had said that the Russian
investigation is phony etc internally he
thought not phony as he says in the book
it's a category five and they're sitting
right on the beach what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
