a day in the life of brett erlich
written by brett erlich starring brett
erlich narrated by Sir Richard Branson
just kidding it's me brett erlich
chromic paid us to make this video wake
up open the chromebook check the dock
for the morning show nothing much has
happened since last night praise be get
up feed the cat I read the paper well
not technically the paper the
Chromebooks where I get my news so I
read the pixels news of the day
everything is awful in the worlds on
fire nice now it's time to drive to work
I do vocal exercise while in traffic red
leather yellow leather red leather
yellow leather I can see you doing your
makeup you know New York you need New
York you know you need you need to go I
finally arrived and wouldn't you know
what there's parking because I'm the
only one here this early which on the
one hand is convenient but on the other
hand is very sad because I'm all alone
and not just figuratively this time I
get to open the gate to unlock the
office it's just me and an iguana time
to pre-produce the morning show open the
shared dock move stories add stories
make stories up it's the news who cares
order graphics graphics graphic person
I'm just kidding you don't know you do
it on the dock I used to yell but
Jenna's like just stop and put in the
dock gotta find videos definitely a cute
one for the kicker dogs being cute
always a must who are our guest today
check the Google Calendar email to
confirm okay we should be good and then
rest I'm just kidding no rest for the
wicked cool and now oh wow it is time to
go live we're in studio with John Ida
rola bums should be made silent saying
can they hear the bombs coming we should
make the bombs silenced so they can't
get away oh there's a video coming up
but which one oh I'm connected to the
network so I just check and call the
right video at the right time but I have
a headset on so it looks more official
that said thank you for watching jr.
thank you as always for joining us on
Wednesday we will see you tomorrow
morning with more good show great show
everybody
I think we all applied ourselves 90 to
95 percent there's always room for
improvement
and that's also the kind of father I'll
be and then I have a whole 25 minutes
before the next show started so more
coffee and Netflix just zone out for a
sec home
and this is me time oh this is where I
just luxuriate watching documentaries on
narcotics mostly planet Earth which is
very serene except for that one part
where the newborn iguanas get chased by
billions of snakes that was great but
I'm late for my script meeting on my
next show run to the meeting you fool
work on the script with all the other
producers in real time on Google Drive
what's the best ring you've had lately
hey soos and then it's time for happy
half-hour another show I produce which
is a half-hour of feel-good re yeah but
first I need a binder for my production
document open slack on the Chromebook
order it via slack we're doing a new
segment so I need a graphic open the
concept is someone stole a shark this is
true the shark is fine stop worrying mom
we need a graphic that says animal Crime
Squad
I open Adobe sketchbook make what is
just a ridiculous graphic to use on the
show I kind of want to bear that should
work nice we'll be ready for the shoot
and now I'm on the show glad you could
join us good to be here where were we in
the middle of the news and I have the
Chromebook with me on set it's my
security blanket and without it I am
nothing and so he's in charge of this
production from here on out on her
Chromebook ready I'm ready which she's
been using all day just like John and
Dan and Jen and the iguana I'm assuming
now I'm not assuming and gave him one
for Christmas I Drive home do more work
on my instrument
I married a pterodactyl and his burdens
great is Murphy Brown
get home read more news buy more stories
and come to the dock then when I'm ready
for bed
Chromebooks on the pillow next to me
except it's not a bed it's a couch at
the office
I have a lot of work to do I need a life
pass out and wake up and do it all over
again
Lee and
which is also the beginning
and you know what it was me the whole
time it wasn't Richard Branson
