so Donald Trump is back with yet another
conspiracy theory and why more of his
political opponents should be in prison
this one is going after Huma Abedin she
was the top aide to Hillary Clinton why
well let's begin to explain media rights
according to an FBI report obtained by
the conservative watchdog group Judicial
Watch Abaddon used a yahoo account alone
if her official State Department account
was down or if she needed to print an
email or document this was back when she
served under then Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton and the report avidin
explained that it was difficult to print
from the DOAs system so she routinely
forward emails to her non Department of
State accounts so she could more easily
print oh my god
they got her she used a yahoo account Oh
round them up I'm not kidding that's the
thrust of this so let me give you the
actual background on this so they say it
was a big problem that she's transferred
some official emails to her yahoo
account and the Daily Caller whatever
they are then wrote a new article about
this saying Judicial Watch got the
emails and some of them were on the
yahoo account and then yahoo was
infiltrated and hacked so since they
hacked a billion accounts
Abaddon's must have been one of them so
she I guess kind of must have exposed
some of those emails to potential
hackers but first of all it is massively
tangential it's a tiny little story but
more important than any of that is that
this is what James Comey actually
investigated and what actually led to
potentially Donald Trump winning was
remember when Comey a little bit before
the election came out and said oh my god
there's new emails from on Huma Abedin
his laptop because it might have gone to
Anthony Weiner says that they looked at
all these emails this is just Judicial
Watch getting the old emails that the
FBI already investigated and found no
criminal activity at all but that didn't
stop
Trump of course so he tweets out crooked
Hillary's top aide Huma Abedin has been
accused of disregarding basic security
protocols
she put classified passwords into the
hands of foreign agents no she didn't no
that's the because she has a yahoo
account in sanity right
remember sailors pictures on submarine
jail deep State Justice Department must
finally act also on Comey and others
you're the President of the United
States of America if you want your
Justice Department to take official
action you think there's a just cause
you're worried about a crime pick up the
phone and call them I don't think he
realizes that he's president instead
what he's doing is propaganda
distraction Muller is investigating me
but why and Comey I had agreed I fired
him because he was investigating me
but the problem is Comey lock him up
lock up a jail
Abbadon arrests all my political
opponents the reason he can't call the
Justice Department and tell him that is
because you can't arrest your political
opponents in America that's not how this
country works so instead he blurts it
out on Twitter and when he does it
becomes official because the president
said it and he creates a giant media
cycle so more important than this stupid
story I want to what of course break
down the hypocrisy and of this story and
ensure you see relevance but also to
show you how the smear works so in a
case like this the right-wing smear
machine they'll have the Judicial Watch
which you know I have mixed figures
about judicial watch
I think the Conservatives have all the
right in the world to have a legal
organization that is their own that
pursues it but a lot of times they
dredge up stuff that they just for the
for the rest of this smear machine to
work okay
so then they then they dig up something
that's old Daily Caller which is another
one of those right wing websites that
you shouldn't trust a word in any of
those right wing websites it's nonsense
afternoon.on says made-up story after
made-up story and in this case they're
like oh my god she had a yahoo account
yahoo was hacked we know
right so then it goes on Fox and Friends
at 7:00 a.m.
Donald Trump watches and right after Fox
and Friends over Donald Trump tweets
this tweet and then all of a sudden it
became a real story because the
president said it repeat and repeat and
repeat just take anything any of the
same thing written on anything sane
right-wing blog and then put it on Fox
News and then Trump will say it and then
it'll be an official story there is no
equivalent to that on the left and and
for forget the left for the regular news
no one has a machine like this there are
tabs we'll run a story and then if
people are interested people will talk
about it for a while
if NBC has a story if right people might
talk about it a little while then they
drop it but they don't have a regular
machine that takes fabricated stories or
even real stories and then hype them up
and hype someone have a news network
that does nothing but hype them up and
then have a president make them official
so that everybody's talking about well I
don't know should we put Huma Abedin in
jail
should we put James Comey the former
head of the FBI in jail kind of insanity
is this by the way one last thing on
this if they're going to jail they're
probably gonna have company because if
you didn't see this story this happened
recently there's a headline from
Politico hundreds of Whitehouse emails
sent a third Kushner family account now
turns out that both Jared Kushner his
son-in-law and Ivanka his daughter both
used private email accounts which are
easily hackable even after they did the
lakh a month chant even if they after
they said Hillary cut the private side
if they sent it to a private email
account where your butter in prison they
chanted it and then they got in during
the transition and at the White House
and they're like who cares let's use
private email accounts so Donald Trump
you want to lock up who mama did and
James Comey put your daughter and your
son-in-law right next to them in the
jail cells let alone other be
the white house who did it including
Steve Bannon you guys all want to go to
jail you all want to go to jail let's
use the same standard no all of these
are small little stories and if the
president didn't put attach a giant you
know bullhorn to it in reality this
thing was already adjudicated again if
we did likewise we would take the
kushnir in a Monica story which we
covered and told you was a small story
mainly pointed out their hypocrisy and
we would have made a federal case out of
it okay so you know why went bipartisan
agreement even trey gowdy one of the
most right-wing guys that Benghazi
hatchet man for the Republicans agreed
with Cummings and they put out this
statement with numerous public
revelations of senior executive branch
employees deliberately trying to
circumvent these laws by using personal
private or alias email addresses to
conduct official government business the
committee has aimed to use this
oversight and investigative resources to
prevent and deter misuse of private
forms of written communication they said
that about Trump staffers about Ivanka
about Kushner about banning about all of
them they said they have tried to
circumvent the law now the reality is it
really is a minor issue they shouldn't
do it if I'm cuz shouldn't do it whom I
shouldn't have done it
Hillary shouldn't have done it and we
call them out on it just the same way
but if we were the right wing we'd be
like lock him up lock him up they
circumvented the law why is it a vodka
and Guantanamo Bay yet one side lies and
does giant smear jobs the other side is
rational that's the difference in
America if you become a member of the
Young Turks you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks oh every day
