so Orrin Hatch is the longest serving
Republican senator there is in Congress
he's been there for 42 years he's on
powerful head of the Finance Committee
in the Senate he had always wanted to do
tax cuts for the rich and he finally got
it he was elated by that and then the
Salt Lake City Tribune named him the you
town of the year he proudly tweeted that
out he unfortunately did not read the
article as he apparently does not read
the bills and so when he read the
article he found out oops they actually
were saying he's the most important guy
in Utah but they also said he had quote
utter lack of integrity and he had an
unquenchable thirst for power so oops
shouldn't a tweeted that out so it's
obvious that some folks in Utah trying
to push a hatch out they've had enough I
argued at the time that it was because
Mitt Romney wanted to take his place and
he has a lot of very powerful allies in
Utah
so today award hatch came out with a
statement let's begin to watch my fellow
you times for over 40 years I've had the
great honor of serving as your senator
as many of you know I came up during the
Great Depression living in a ramshackle
house built with recycled lumber from
the local scrap yard my parents gave us
everything they had but in the eyes of
the world we still didn't have much only
in the nation like ours could someone
like me the scrappy son of a simple
carpenter grew up to become a United
States Senator man he's got scrap on the
mind he's scrappy from the scrapyard
okay and he put the other scraps
remember I was poor once before I became
corrupt and took all the money and got
all the money for my lobbyist family
members from all the corporate donors
that we got that we just gave the giant
tax cut for you remember you too can
grow up to be scrappy and take giant
checks from corporate donors only in
America
so is he going to the scrapyard well
let's watch when the president visited
Utah last month he said I was a fighter
I've always been a fighter I was an
amateur boxer in my youth and I've
brought that fighting spirit what
to Washington but every good fighter
knows when to hang up the gloves and for
me that time is soon approaching that's
why after much prayer and discussion
with family and friends I've decided to
retire at the end of this term ladies
and gentlemen we got him okay now did we
get him no Mitt Romney got him I love
this coy quote that his spokesperson
gave before hats decided to step down he
said I haven't spoken directly to the
governor or any of Mitt Romney about his
intentions but I do think he made his a
desire to serve the public
I think if an opportunity arose he would
seriously consider it
oh you think so of course he's gonna run
for that seat and they say that he'll
probably win it easily and then of
course Twitter was all over this I can
give you dozens of these I'll give you
one though this one was fun
credit to Colin Campbell there that's
Romney on his horse and it says time to
put on your coat rafalca we ride west
tonight remember they were bragging
about how Mitt Romney was down to earth
and his wife also does down-to-earth
things like she makes horses dance I'm
not kidding that's real they're like
what doesn't everybody make their horses
dance well they're gonna be dancing over
to you ty
of course Romney is Mormon he helped you
tell the the Olympics back in the day
then became the governor of
Massachusetts and now probably heading
back out to Utah to become a senator
I'll give Romney this man well this guy
is persistent
he will not let this bone go he wants to
get into government and he wants to come
back and if you think he won't run for
president again you don't know Mitt
Romney so this is his way of sneaking
back in man he shivved Orrin Hatch hard
nothing I like more than Republican on
Republican crime okay but and
remember Ronnie was also tough on Trump
and said a lot of things about how
during the campaign how he was crass and
and then he also said that he Rome or
was immoral and took a tough stance of
course until Donald Trump said he might
become Secretary of State and all of a
sudden you had a different Mitt Romney
so if you think Mitt Romney's gonna be a
tough guy in the Senate
don't forget this might be the Mitt
Romney we wind up getting oh that's so
sad
that's one of the saddest pictures I've
ever seen that's where Donald Trump
would say oh sure maybe I'll make you
Secretary of State of course give it to
the CEO of Exxon Mobil they got a deal
with the right chef come on come on week
I'll give you a little bit of power
that's who Mitt Romney is if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me Qi tea
network.com / joy
