unfortunately we had yet another mass
shooting in America you might not have
even heard about it because we have so
many of them that's it's hard to keep
track in this case cops were shot and
killed it's a really bad story so let's
go to CNN here Matthew real a 37 year
old former Army reservist
shot for sheriff's deputies who
responded to a complaint at his
apartment in the Denver suburb of
Highlands Ranch on Sunday morning
killing one police say real was killed
during a subsequent shootout with a
police tactical team and class had also
left a SWAT officer injured
authorities say now imagine sue this is
Matthew real right imagine if instead of
looking like this he was an African
American and he had written blogs about
how cops were unfair to black people
imagine if he had said I believe in
black lives matter and then shot five
cops you think you would have heard
about it then I think it would have been
news 24/7 Fox News would still be
talking about this just happened nothing
okay
Tony's firlock rights this is for the
speeding for the cops there were well
over a hundred rounds fired he's the
Douglas County Sheriff as you can tell
there there were well over a hundred
rounds fired the deputies all went down
within almost seconds of each other so
it was more of an ambush type of attack
on our officers if it was a Muslim that
did an ambush of five cops shot him shot
him all and killed one of them do you
think that that would be a small story
or a gigantic story if it's a guy who
claimed that he was four black lives
matter do you think that'd be as small
we don't have to speculate we had guys
who were not connected to black lives
matter we didn't guy who was kicked out
of every African American group he was
in who did a police shooting of similar
scope and it was non-stop news non-stop
news and look by the way that's fares
it's a big deal to have five cops shot
but what it's a white right winger Shh
it doesn't help the narrative so how do
we know he's the right winger we'll get
a load of this
police haven't revealed suspect that
suspected motives for Sunday's shooting
CNN explains but several law enforcement
agencies had been aware weeks beforehand
that reel was accused of writing
harassing or suspicious messages online
official said this week that includes
harassing posted real put on social
media sites in November about a traffic
stop and the Denver suburb of Lone Tree
so here's a guy who has been writing
harassing stuff online including about
cops and then he wrote stuff about his
old law school and they even had alert
at the school saying hey watch out this
guy's unstable and what he had written
about them was quote outrageous vulgar
and alarming according to the VP of
communications at University of Wyoming
but everybody said oh no no no he's just
having fun I hear about these alt-right
trolls online they're just having fun
being vulgar is so fun telling people
you're gonna harm them is so much fun
we're just having fun right his Facebook
page contained a number of memes and
references associated with the halt
right and message board for chat okay
now look guys I'm not a knucklehead
right winger so do I think that that
means everybody in the alt-right is
guilty about this no he apparently read
Breitbart news a lot does that mean
Breitbart is by definition guilty and
all the reporters and Steve Bannon is
guilty no okay that's not what I'm
saying what I'm saying is when you have
a guy who's consistently saying
outrageous things online
not even all those guys of course
they're not all guilty of anything along
these lines are they're not all going to
act finally but are some of them going
to do what they said yes get it through
your thick head they're not all just
joking here's more interview his
Facebook page reveals that he was fond
of posting memes associated with the
Hall right is
specifically Pepe the Frog how many
times have I heard people go it's fun
when they say that they're gonna you
know come to your house and they're
gonna do this to you and that tea it's
just fun it's just fun what they say
they're gonna shoot you it's just fun
when they say they're gonna rape woman
it's just fun they say it all the time
when they say they're gonna come kill
you oh you're getting trolled you have
no sense of humor or when somebody says
death threats to you it's just fun right
here's the the most common word he
apparently used you ready for it
CUC just fun
Zachary Parrish was the officer who was
killed he had two kids at home we
actually care about the cops and we care
about non-violence we don't want anyone
on the Left doing it we don't want
anyone on the right doing it we don't
want anyone doing it we we care about
innocent human beings and that's why we
want to make sure that we fight for
justice for all of them including the
police in this country and as I've said
a million times on the show part of the
reason that the cops are nervous issued
quickly is because everyone else has a
gun so they went in and in this case
they got ambushed by a guy that I'm sure
that a lot of those people online said
was just having fun
and using all those words and memes and
all those threats but he was kidding
well he wasn't kidding and now a lot of
people are hurt and Zachary Parrish who
everyone at the police department
described as a cheery wonderful young
officer is killed and he's not gonna be
able to go home to his family tonight if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole young
turks out every day
