Al Franken recently said that he would
be resigning and stepping down from his
Senate position so we're gonna have a
race for Senator or Minnesota guess
who's gonna step in well it turns out
michelle bachman has been talking to god
again recently let's watch now in
minnesota al franken as you know has
resigned i'm from minnesota i've had
people contact me and urge me to run for
that senate seat so the question is am i
being called to do this now i don't know
she doesn't know she knows i know it
could be she could be maybe god called
but she missed the call they've been
playing phone tag the whole time if you
don't remember in 2012 michelle bachman
claimed that god had decided that she
should run for president she said that
over and over again in the primaries
then apparently god decided that he was
just punking her because she got clowned
in those fried furries and didn't come
close to winning then she decided that
god told her to get the hell out of the
race
now god's back on the line so the reason
you don't know Michele is because God is
not actually talking to you look I I
know that for the religious folks you
guys get mad at us folks who are not
believers and you think that you are
having conversations with God but look
if you got a guess it's it's probably
not a real conversation it's probably
just in your head like if God actually
calls you all right then and you got it
a him on voicemail I hear you okay if
God wanted to communicate to you why
would he make it so big why doesn't he
send you an email why does it need DM
you on Twitter okay but I gotta say
these things and I know like for people
who don't believe in religions you find
it like absurd ID its hilarious uh-huh
but for religious folks they really
think a lot of them think it's not just
Michele Bachmann that God is in constant
communication with them and she said God
do you want me to run don't you want me
to run last time you clown me I don't
know I told everybody you are on my side
it turns out you were on Mitt Romney
side which made no sense
or actually Mitt Romney lost to Obama oh
my god did God want Obama to win twice
but look you know for the regular
religious person we're happy I'm trying
to talk to some sensitive them we could
agree we could disagree but these folks
who are the so-called leaders Michele
Bachmann is she's talking to Jim Bakker
here on his show are cuckoo for cocoa
puffs listen to the next thing Jim Baker
says could you handle it again I could
handle the job
yeah well that's the thing that's that's
what I've got to dirty fight it's a it's
any people it is this country everything
about what was going on the fight for
everything the political and the press
it's dirty it's like nothing it's a
fight to death right now they want to
kill the President of the United States
and if they could put a contract which
they probably already have they would do
so what do you say to that but Dave
while people have a lot of people watch
that show and they go oh yeah God
definitely wants Michelle Bachman and
God will do this that the other thing
and oh no yeah of course they're trying
to assassinate the person right now oh
yeah that's definitely not Jim Baker so
it's true it's not true somebody trying
to kill the president right now there
actually was one assassination attempt
on Trump but nobody ever talks about it
why it was a young white guy from
Britain so they couldn't demagogue on it
so they just dropped it in terms of
propaganda that guy should actually be
punished to the fullest extent of the
law and I hope he is but nobody's paying
attention look you know what I believe
in Minnesota and I believe that you're
not going to pick a lunatic like
Michelle Bachmann so I wanted to run I
know be careful what you wish for but if
she's a Republican candidate and she's
going out there all over Minnesota going
you know God faxed me the other day he's
a little behind the times and he wants
me to be the next senator but good luck
to you sister you know try that all you
want I don't think it's gonna work I
think you sound absolutely ridiculous
and I do have to confess to being
entertained by you though so come on
back see how it looks
waters warm come on Michelle it'll be a
lot of fun if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came
from we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoyed ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
