this happened over the weekend right
before that we can start actually but
I'm not gonna let it go because it's it
it's both to good and to grading for me
so Marco Rubio recently did an interview
and he mentioned a couple of things one
was the investigation of Donald Trump on
that he I say good things to say and but
then he talked about the corporate tax
cuts and that's was infuriating first
let me give you the quote about the
investigation he said I think the best
thing that can happen for the president
for the country and for everyone is that
he be allowed to complete his
investigation referring to Muller as
thoroughly and completely as possible
and that we allow the facts from that
investigation to lead where they may now
that is the correct thing to say if you
care about America and you care about
the rule of law all senators that
regardless of what party they're from
should want to enforce the law and let a
special counsel do his investigation and
not interfere or obstruct in that
investigation there's of course the
second reason why Marco Rubio is doing
it because he's clearly going to run for
president in 2020 and he already got his
ass kicked by Donald Trump he doesn't
wanna get his ass kicked by Donald Trump
again and he things on the drum and and
probably did it and you let the
investigation go and it's a little bit
of turmoil but I'm right back in this
thing now if that was his only quote
though I'd complement him and say good
job be and be done with it okay and the
20/20 comments and hezron are more about
the second part okay but both are
related so when they asked him about the
tax cuts that they just gave to the rich
and most importantly to multinational
corporations giant tax cuts first he
said well look it's significantly better
than what we had but then he had the
nerve to say this I said I thought we
probably went too far on helping
corporations by and large you're going
to see a lot of these multinationals buy
back shares to drive up the price some
of them will be forced because they're
sitting on historic levels of cash to
pay out dividends to shareholders that
isn't going to create dramatic economic
growth oh that's what we said but we
said it before you voted on the bill
this guy votes for the bill
then the next day turns around and goes
Oh College he turns out we might be
given the corporations too much did we
do that by accident
oops oh it turns out they're not gonna
create jobs the whole time the
Republican Party was selling it that
they're gonna create jobs the money
they're gonna get that was a funny joke
so no I actually think they're gonna do
stock buybacks and dividends that's what
we said we did a whole investigation on
TYT investigates where we asked company
after company after company wait are you
actually going to create jobs and the
reality was when you looked into the
facts no no they're gonna do exactly
what Rubio says here they have historic
levels of cash they're gonna pay out
dividends to shareholders
and they're gonna buy back shares he
says they're gonna be forces they're not
gonna be forced to they want to they're
gonna make unbelievable amounts of money
for their executives so why does Marco
Rubio admit this today first of all it's
not like you just found out yesterday
what were you doing watching Young Turks
archives and go oh man I didn't know
that Oh David I roboted the wrong way no
he wanted a vote and help those
corporations they're his donors the
reason he makes this comment after the
vote is because he's probably going to
run for president again and when he does
he'll turn around and you'll see it with
your own eyes and what might even go
back to this clip and he'll turn around
say well I told you after do you know
that the corporation's wouldn't create
jobs I said it I said I said they do
mainly buybacks I thought we were
helping them too much so he gets Tri
State have his cake and eat it too
hey corporate donors don't worry I
delivered for you hey voters after I
gave the corporation's
in his own words too much I then said
well golly gee I feel a little bit bad
about it he doesn't feel bad about it
that was the whole point he's owned and
bought by those corporate donors for him
to disingenuously say this afterwards is
appalling let me show you one last chart
here so I show you guys this decent
amount if you watch the show and and
this is a pie chart of 1952 taxes and
2015 taxes back in 1952 corporations
used to pay almost 1/3 of all the taxes
32 percent in 2015 that's down to ten
point eight percent so a little less
than a
11% they have massively reduced their
tax burden they shifted that tax burden
onto you the middle class now after this
gigantic tax cuts that even the
Republican Senator Marco Rubio says were
too much in helping corporations their
share of taxes will go down even lower
your share taxes will go even higher the
system is rigged it's rigged in the most
obvious way donors privately financed
elections the politicians who are
corrupt who took those that private
financing work for private interests
they work for those corporations and
then later they try to trick you into
getting your vote by saying Oh golly gee
I've had second thoughts I think I might
have helped corporations a little too
much yeah that's very cute Marco but
nobody's buying it if you had these
reservations there was an easy way to
show it
you should have voted no you voted yes
because you serve those same
corporations that's your job you're a
waterboy for them you just watch the
video by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
