everyone it's David Sirota wanted to
fill you went on some news about the tax
bill that we've been reporting on at
International Business Times there's
been a lot that's happened and so if I
look to shovelled that's why I haven't
slept all that much lately okay so look
here's what's gone on
you've probably followed at the bill
passed it was signed everyone's the
Republicans are all excited about it bob
corker continues to be on the defensive
about what happened between the time
that he voted against the bill and the
time that he voted for the bill so I
want to review some of the reporting
that we did on this and then I want her
to tell you what he said this morning on
Fox News and MSNBC if you want to post
questions to me I will try to answer
them I've got my laptop here I can try
to look at at what's going on so let's
review what what happened what we
originally reported bob Corker voted
against the Senate version of the
Republican tax bill bob Corker the
Senate Republicans swing vote on this he
voted against the bill claiming that he
was concerned about deficits that Senate
bill included restrictions on
pass-through entities these are LLC's
partnerships and the like it included
restrictions designed to make sure that
the tax cuts for pass-through entities
went to the kinds of pass-through
entities that actually employ people
they are their wage restrictions tax
experts call them wage guardrails
okay so bob Corker votes against the
senate bill that includes wage
protections in the Senate bill then
suddenly any Emily Seitz deficits then
he ends up voting for the final bill
which included a special provision that
wasn't in either the house of the Senate
bill a special provision that allows
pass-through entities real
estate-related pass-through entities to
access those special tax cuts and what
we reported was that bob Corker is an
investor in and a
in a couple of very lucrative large
real-estate partnerships so let's review
it again when bob Corker potentially
could not personally have taken
advantage of the tax provisions in the
senate tax bill or at least some of
those tax revisions he voted against the
bill then the provisions were added in
that real estate mode was liked him by
the way Donald Trump and others could
take advantage of
then suddenly he votes for the bill he
previously said he was voting against
the bill for deficits he was afraid to
increase the deficit the final bill
increases the deficit by one and a half
trillion dollars and by the way the
restrictions on the tax cuts that were
removed that I was talking about those
wage restrictions actually arguably
could make the bill more expensive
because they're offering more tax cuts
to different kinds of LLC's and
pass-through entities so it makes it a
more expensive bill because people like
bob corker donald trump and the like
this provision allows them to access
those tax cuts those are all facts now
whether or not bob Corker voted against
i'm seeming voted for the final bill
because of those provisions we haven't
reported that we haven't said he did it
because because of those provisions
because I can't get into bob corker said
my job as a journalist is to report the
facts and the fact pattern no one has
disputed the fact pattern that I have
just laid out it is literally
indisputable you can read the bills for
yourself and by the way on Morning Joe
this morning was hilarious a Joe
Scarborough sort of threw out a specular
speculated he asked you know dude what
do you think do you think this this
provision was was leaked to these
reporters who reported this and I
tweeted out today I said you know I know
it's hard to believe but we did the
novel thing as journalists we you know
we actually read the bill and then we
reported on and I know that's hard to
believe that it wasn't there wasn't some
conspiracy theory going on here we just
simply read at the actual legislature
and then consulted with a number of
experts about what it what it means okay
so I've given you the background so what
does bob corker say well he went on Fox
News this morning he went on MSNBC's
Morning Joe and he basically said much
the same thing on both programs
he said that we made up the idea that he
voted for the final bill because of
these provisions I want to reiterate we
have never said that other people want
to speculate on that other people want
to allege that that's for them to do we
simply reported the fact pattern and
again I have no idea why bob Corker
voted for the bill he hasn't really
provided a good answer for that and I
should add I haven't heard anyone and
we've been attacked by Senator John
Cornyn we've been attacked by Orrin
Hatch publicly bob Corker no one's
actually defended these provisions I
would like it made any kind of policy
defense of this special provision I mean
the bet the closest it's gone is a guy
Kevin Brady the Ways and Means Committee
Chairman saying you know this might help
small businesses but no one's really
made of those sephorus defense of these
provisions so corker goes on Fox News
and MSNBC basics as we made up the story
that he changes though for it says he
didn't change his vote because of this
provision and then he says it's it's
basically unacceptable and malicious for
people to ask him about this provision I
mean you've got you got to see the the
Fox News video where Brian Kilmeade of
Fox & Friends is appalled that wolf
blitzer on CN n would dare repeatedly
ask worker about this provision and how
he could potentially be personally
enriched by it as if that's not what a
journalist is supposed to do I mean that
is our job is to press politicians for
answers now some new news came out this
today on the Morning Joe part of this on
Morning Joe corker said that he was
briefed on the differences between the
House and Senate bills and that's that
Republican leaders did not tell him
specifically about this provision so
that's a little bit of news he's now
saying you know he I don't know if he
was saying he was misled but he was sort
of saying they never told him about this
okay that's that's interesting
he also said on Morning Joe that he
thinks that it passed through provisions
are very generous and I'm paraphrasing
here but but may need to be revisited in
the future so and then willie Geist by
the way I thought was a very good
question willie Geist actually said to
him well if you voted against the bill
originally because of deficits and you
think the pass-through provision that
were put into the
bill are very generous and potentially
overly generous thereby making the
deficit bigger why did you vote for the
final bill and you didn't have much of a
great answer other than to say you know
I think the country is better with it
than without it so corker made a little
news here now the other thing he did
which was appalling to me and a
fact-based level and I'm not you know
I'm not taking a an ideological position
here but he said you know these
provisions were in the house they're not
new ok that according to experts and
according to a reading of the bill
that's not true
that's just not true the provision that
was put into this bill was a new
provision orrin hatch said he wrote the
provision into the conference committee
the House Senate conference committee he
was not in the House bill it was not in
a Senate bill you can read these bills
that's what we've been doing that's what
we reported and we not only reported in
ourselves but we then went and verified
it with various non partisan tax experts
so workers say you know wasn't new and
so and DiPalma this is whether it's new
or not is kind of I mean what's the
point of that argument we're talking
about the policy here not the process
and he's saying well because it was
already done
it wasn't new and therefore it's not a
big deal just but even on the process
question that's just demonstrably not
true so these are the the you know this
debate is going to go on I'm sure Bob
corker is pretty worried that his legacy
as a senator is going to be defined by
this and people have called it the
corker kickback and again we have not
called it that we have simply reported
the fact pattern and so you know it's
important for us to do this reporting
and what you see in the response here is
that Orrin Hatch John Cornyn I mean John
Cornyn really went off on us orrin hatch
John Cornyn bob corker they don't think
that people should ask questions about
this they don't they think journalists
literally are out of line by reporting
on this and asking about this and I just
take a different view my job is to
report the fact patterns and the facts
whether it offends a politician from one
party or a politician from another party
that is my job that is what I am
supposed to be doing as a
journalist and as I said when I went on
MSNBC and talked about this I said you
know my hope is that what's gone on here
will inspire other journalists to take a
look at the personal financial
disclosures of lawmakers of both parties
and compare them to their votes and
their actions on legislation we need
more reporting on how public policy how
and if public policy is benefiting the
lawmakers personally that are putting
the public policies together there
hasn't been enough of that reporting I
think our story has inspired some of
that subsequently CNBC and Forbes has
published both published a story
subsequently about how different
provisions might enrich other lawmakers
in this bill song I'm encouraged by that
but it's really really important for for
and again I want to say for when it
comes to either party on this so I'm
looking for questions if anybody has any
questions like I can kind of keep
talking here but if anybody has any
specific questions here here's a
question that was mentioning the
question about whether this provision
was air-dropped into the bill that was a
comment made by Senator Ron Wyden Fuss
was the provision air-dropped into the
final bill I mean they're focusing on
this process argument and again I go
back to look tax experts told us that
you could look at the provision and see
it as something of a compromise between
the House bill and the Senate bill that
if looked at one way you could look at
it that way but they've also said the
provision itself was not in either bill
and the important part about the
provision and we ran the numbers on this
or at what we didn't the Urban Institute
Tax Policy Center did they looked at old
they look at IRS data and they looked at
what what's the difference between the
Senate bill and the final bill as it
relates to this provision who does it
most benefit they ran those numbers you
can run that data and what do you know
the provision primarily enriches the
real estate industry real estate
investors so I think this is an
important component of this and we wrote
a story about this which is that this
wasn't just some random provision put in
there too broadly expand that
Scots for pass-through entities it was a
carefully crafted provision that
specifically primarily benefits the very
real estate industry that bob Corker is
a major investor in he is a major
well-known famous real estate mogul as
is Donald Trump
so this provision tailored by Orrin
Hatch was crafted in a way that
specifically benefited the very industry
in which Bob quarter corker comes out of
and in which bob Corker stands too it
has lots of investments so the idea that
this is just some random thing that you
know it was that there was just a
compromise a general compromise it was a
narrowly crafted provision and that is
really really important that's a piece
of this and we wrote a story about that
so I'm happy to take any other questions
of yours if you want to go onto my
Twitter feed I can come back you can
post questions here I can certainly come
back for another live live video here
either today or tomorrow please post
your questions I'm happy to answer any
questions about this our reporting
continues on this weather bob Corker
weather john cornyn weather Orrin Hatch
likes it or not
