now joining us the rebel headquarters
the legendary how's it arson already
somewhat legendary potential for
enormous legendary status
if you defeat Diane Feinstein yes one of
the biggest corporate Democrats there
there is so certainly I want to ask you
about how your campaign is going since
the launch but before we do that I'd
like to take this opportunity to let
people know about Dianne Feinstein's
record which I'm always amazed by so if
you didn't know
California has a senator that fervently
argues for the death penalty and has
used it in campaign has mocked
progressives in campaign ads like it's a
death penalty for percent the people on
death row historically have been
innocent at least those are the ones at
least that we let go so we just killed
them so that's that's your so-called
Democratic senator from California she
voted for the bush's tax cuts she voted
for bush's iraq war she's an absolute
disaster so on the other hand allison
you are very progressive some will say
well no we need to do a half-measure
somewhere between Feinstein who's very
conservative and you who's an actual
progressive why don't we just go
middle-of-the-road and have another
politician who we can beg to be
progressive no look we've we've seen how
this plays out every single time that
happened somebody who's
middle-of-the-road continues to be
pushed more and more center more and
more right somebody who's
middle-of-the-road
does the same thing that a conservative
Democrat does which is take money from
corporations and super PACs and that
tells us every single time which way
they're going to vote well that was the
legendary moment where I've used
legendary a lot now where Feinstein
comes out in a town hall and says I'm
not ready for Medicare for all at this
stage
do you think she's gonna be ready at
another stage if she doesn't get it by
now obviously not right and then a week
later she goes and a
a fundraiser with insurance companies
and health care companies yeah gee I
wonder why she thinks we're not ready
for Medicare for all I can't quite tell
so Allison you launched you campaign on
The Young Turks
and you raised a good amount of money
got off to a really strong start you've
got a lot of progressives in California
that have now rallied to your cause but
what else is going on in the campaign
because if people can't see everyday
what you're doing it's an interesting
question what does it candidate do all
day yeah how do campaigns work well let
me tell you we've been extremely busy
we've raised a quarter of a million
dollars and with that we are building
our staff which means we're then able to
build the infrastructure that keeps a
campaign going which allows us also to
provide the support that we need for our
volunteers who are really going to carry
this campaign and so at this moment we
are getting ready to launch house
parties across the state during the
weekend of January 13th and 14th and
actually they're obviously there's
people outside of California watching
right now we are launching house parties
for all Justice Democrats throughout the
entire country on that same weekend of
January 13th and 14th yeah let me give
you guys a quick link to that I haven't
talked about that on area but I will
probably tomorrow it's just Democrats
time slash Wafaa a weekend of action ok
weekend of action get off your sofa be
part of wolf ax so look because the most
important thing is volunteering so if
you can give your time if you can't give
your time then donate so or ideally both
let me show you the lengths graphic one
for Allison so you can find out more
about our campaign through our website
you can volunteer through the very
logical link of Allison Hart's ENCOM
slash volunteer you can donate through
just Democrats comm slash Allison 2018
and remember all these links are always
in the description box on YouTube you
can click the I on the right corner of
your screen on YouTube to get the links
and on Facebook we'll have it in the
comments
so what do they do volunteer on January
13th or 14th what are they doing who are
they calling well there are a couple
different options you can either host
house party where you're phone banking
to call other people throughout the
state and make sure that they know who I
am or whichever justice Democrat you're
supporting and in this in whatever state
you live in
we can also canvass so you can go
knocking on doors and talking to people
in your very own neighborhood you can
and it being a house party so bring
other people to help knock on doors with
you and if you've never done either of
those before and even if you have we
have the volunteers and the staff right
now who are going to train everybody who
has a house party and if anyone knows
how to train to volunteers as Alison she
worked as a teacher for ten years in
Orange County but then in wolf pack to
get money out of politics for five years
and here in California you organized
over a thousand volunteers to pass har
one to get money out of politics that's
right yes so we do know how to do it and
it's gonna be fun and it's gonna be so
important and the other thing we're
doing right now specifically with my
campaign is we have a goal of raising
another two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars by the end of the year and
that's going to allow me to do a 58
County travel where I'm going to go to
every single County I want to talk to as
many people as possible find out what's
happening in their counties find out
what's important to them I'm really
looking forward to that yeah look that's
the one part I do Envy because I don't
have any all the other stuff you got to
do the budgeting and the hiring people
and it's yeah it's all it's a lot of
work behind the scenes but I like the
idea of going to the different counties
yeah so that's fun people tell me
they're like you know get ready you're
gonna be exhausted it's gonna be
stressful and like are you kidding me
that's that's what we should be doing as
as retros representatives and as
candidates Sam and at Wolf Bank you did
it across the country so just one
state's kind of easy but by the way I'm
gonna start making calls for Allison as
early as this week I already put it on
my schedule for Wednesday yeah so this
is how we when we do it together all
right now let's talk about some of the
issues of the day so the GOP just passed
their tax bill and it appears to have
decent size cuts for the rich and for
corporations I'm I know that comes as a
huge shock to you Allison but but not
too much for the middle class in fact
everyone I mean over 75 under $75,000 10
years from now will get tax increases
every one so they raise your taxes to
pay for the taxes for the rich so first
of all what's your take on the on the
tax policy the problems just passed I
consider this a tax scam and what it is
is a redistribution of income from the
poor to the rich and I honestly cannot
believe that in 2017 on one hand I can't
believe that in 2017 we're having this
conversation and on the other hand I can
completely believe it and I'll explain
what I mean by that we know by now
decade after decade we have proven it's
not theoretical
we know that trickle-down economics
defies gravity yet we continue to do it
yeah corporate welfare is used to buy
back stock and to reward CEOs it is not
used to build new businesses and to hire
new employees on our shores corporate
welfare is our CEOs are sitting on
trillions of dollars of corporate
welfare meanwhile they complain about
the deficit and they argue that we don't
have enough money to fund programs that
lift people out of poverty and allow
people to give back to their communities
and make our communities prosperous
thriving healthy safe it's atrocious but
but like I was saying on the other hand
I can believe we're having this
conversation because look at who's in
Congress it's people who are have
personal wealth to be able to afford to
run for Congress and people who are
propped up by the corporations that are
directly benefiting from this tax scam
well we just did a story today on the
show about how they put in one last
loophole at the end that wasn't in the
house or the Senate version and it helps
people with companies that have low
amount of staff but hold a lot of real
estate that would be Donald Trump Jared
Kushner
and his family it would be 13 of the
Republican congressman who worked on
that bill and bob corker the one guy who
switched his vote after he he got a
personal tax break for his real estate
companies it's outrageous
so let me ask you a harder question
Allison which is okay but Feinstein she
voted for the Bush tax cuts you voted to
get her the state tax before but because
of the optics of this situation she
didn't want to seem like she's voting
for Donald Trump so she now reversed her
position and voted against the estate
taxes and everything else they state tax
cut in this bill so what would you have
done differently then I would have
absolutely fought against this we have
what we have to do in order to fight
against these kinds of tax scams is to
provide another opportunity another
option right now Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders have just released a
video and an article that provides an
option and another opportunity and when
we do that and we educate we educate the
public on other options it can help to
put pressure on Congress to say no I
want you to do this instead I wish it
would have done been done a lot sooner
but sometimes this is the way things
work but but I think that is realistic
given the situation we're in obviously
our hands are tied when you have a
triple threat with Republicans
controlling both houses and the
executive but like you said you know
with Dianne Feinstein this is gonna be
an easy vote for her because she knows
we're coming after her and she also
knows the tax cuz I actually want
because I voted for him before I'm gonna
get anyway yeah and I'm just gonna blame
the Republicans
she can vote against it and still and
still get what she wants yes win-win all
right Alison I also want to ask you
about net neutrality so FCC just voted
to kill it what's your take on that you
know this is an attack on our freedom
our freedom of speech are our freedom of
innovation and true competition on the
Internet the way that this is going to
hamstring small businesses from being
able to to have their own websites and
and benefit in the ways that businesses
do on the Internet is it's atrocious it
we need antitrust laws for the Internet
as well and this is going to take that
away but also I'm very concerned about
censorship and the ability to slow down
our websites if those websites don't
personally bring profit to the
corporations that are benefiting through
the ISPs and and it's it's very
worrisome to me and of course it's going
to target our most needy communities you
know I never thought about it this way
you know you I always thought about in
terms of they would slow down sites that
are competitive with them sites that
they could hold up for a huge amount of
money like Netflix etc and anything they
might disagree with politically they
could at some point go after it but they
could also just go after politicians
websites that aren't going to vote for
that so if you've got a corporate
Democrat or a Republican you've got a
perfectly lovely website you go to
Allison Hartson comm oh sorry we're
still loading because else is not gonna
boat with us I mean one of our biggest
strategies is to use the Internet to our
advantage for our campaigns because we
don't have the money to compete against
the 10 million plus dollars that Dianne
Feinstein and others are going to be
putting into the race and we know that
people don't vote any longer based on
television and based on mailers it's
through the internet and they know this
and anybody who thinks that they're not
going to do this real
I I I'm just we're all gonna say I told
you so yeah well we're gonna say I
buffering buffering buffering buffering
you so all right listen before they take
over the Internet and destroy it you can
still use it so go to Allison's website
most important thing is volunteer
because she's led a volunteer army
before and general Hartson has stepped
up to the plate again deleted one more
time and and of course donate because
the next quarter of a million dollars is
used to hire the people who are her
staff that could make turn this into a
campaign that has an excellent chance of
winning and wouldn't it be lovely to
have a progressive senator from
California rather than a corporate one
all right Allison Hartson thank you for
joining us on rebel headquarters shank
you
