uh Kathy Gilroy from Illinois is a
Christian individual who is fighting
against gambling she is anti-gambling
all the way in fact she has fought tooth
and nail to shut certain operations down
because of gambling recently something
happened in her personal life that made
her wonder whether now she's a hypocrite
she played some sort of sweepstakes game
and she won already funny
she won $25,000 oh she's like oh no okay
well I got to figure out what to do with
this money I mean do I take it do I give
it back so she called her pastor friend
and her pastor friends said don't worry
about it God wants you to have that
money okay for your volunteer time okay
so there's more she said she's landed
prizes including electronics and trips
to the Bahamas in California she once
won a big-screen TV from a mechanic but
asked instead for $1,000 in service okay
she even confessed to the press that
she'll play the video poker machines a
gambling cafes if she's given a free
promo card so she's asked by reporters
like like and she's like no but I'm not
gambling with my own money so she says
the sweepstakes you enter for free and
then when it comes to gambling at these
gambling cafes which by the way she
frequents quite often based on this
report it's with the money that they
give her in promotions
right so she's like yeah that gambling
is okay that's totally fine ya know I go
spend a lot of money there so I can get
the promotion so I could gamble but you
see I'm not spending any money to gamble
okay so look this is a wonderful story
of hypocrisy and this is you remind me
of the story we did on some people who
protest abortion rights and then they go
have an abortion at the clinic that
they're protesting and that reporter
asked one of them like you just had an
abortion yeah and then you went and
rejoin the picket line and and she said
yeah yeah but I needed the abortion the
rest of them are sluts like whoa and so
this woman is like no no yeah but God
wanted me to win
and so me gambling's totally okay no no
you get was terrible no this is the part
that stood out to me the most so she has
signed up for the mailing list of all
these gambling cafes in her area right
several of them and she keeps up with
what's going on what kind of promotions
they have just so she can get some of
those free promo credits in order to
gamble cuz obviously she loves to gamble
and so here's what she said about why
she decided to be a crusader against
gambling
apparently she used to gamble all the
time used to gamble all the time she
noticed all these people around her and
what they looked like she said I said
what am i doing this is so stupid it
dawned on me this is not the lifestyle I
want I don't even want to associate with
these people years ago she quit because
she looked around was struck by the
smoke and the broken-down players at the
track so she's like ah look at these be
like these people I mean I'm still gonna
be here every day someone else's money
but I mean it's just amazing I mean the
other part of the story which is
phenomenal to me is that she's crusading
against gambling because it takes money
from poor people and Rohde social values
do you know what she does
she sells supplemental health insurance
to people on Medicare so she is trying
to take money from people who have very
limited amounts of money she's like
actively doing that through her
professional choices and this whole
thing about crusading against gambling I
mean it's just this classic story of
trying to just deflect from your own
issues and seeing them hyper projected
on other people and dedicating your life
to eradicating that in other people's
living scenarios about her own addiction
about her own you know predilection for
like very excessive gambling I mean she
wins more than I've ever won before in
my life no no the level of of how much
she wins indicates how much he Gamble's
yeah she is like she may be the most
biggest addict of gambling I've ever
read about in this story I don't believe
she doesn't use her own money yeah I
don't believe any of it
and she says well one of the is as
Mather pointed out one of the reasons
that she doesn't favor gambling takes
money from poor people so they asked her
well okay you just want this $25,000
isn't they taking money from the people
who lost the money gambling who are poor
she said well I thought about that but I
decided that it actually comes out of
the profits of the parent company that
that didn't come from poor people if you
liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
