now that the GOP has succeeded in
passing major tax cuts for the
wealthiest people in the country and
corporations they will move on to
welfare reform one of the reasons why
you should expect it is because House
Speaker Paul Ryan has been incredibly
forthcoming about their plans to cut
funding for programs like Medicare
Medicaid and Social Security here he is
on Fox News making that extremely clear
just so you know Martha the house has
passed all of these bills the House
passed the biggest entitlement reform
bill ever passed by a Congress in May
our health care bill unfortunately the
Senate fell basically a vote short from
doing that so what are we gonna do in
2018 we're gonna pick up where we left
off and get back at reforming health
care we're gonna get back at reforming
these entitlements and we're gonna take
on welfare reform which is another big
entitlement program where we're
basically paying people able-bodied
people not to work and we're depriving
them with all these disincentives from
going into the workforce this good
economy we're gonna get out of this this
faster growing economy is gonna produce
higher wages and more demand for
good-paying jobs you know and that's
what's gonna so welfare reform it's the
perfect time to do welfare reform
Democrats can't wait because they think
that's gonna help them a lot in 2018
when you look at the generic magic by 11
percent in House races if you just pick
you know a Democrat over a Republican so
how are you gonna tackle these things
and still maintain your majority in 2018
I'll take results over rhetoric in the
day of the year of the month okay so he
is very honest about the fact that they
want welfare reform and other members of
the GOP have been clear about that as
well now here's the issue what that fox
news host said about Democrats looking
forward to them trying to take that on
is actually very true because several
polls have indicated that the American
public does not want cuts to these
programs and I'm not just talking about
liberals I'm not just talking about
Democrats I'm talking about Americans in
general one of the more recent polls was
done by the Kaiser Family Foundation and
the results to be quite honest with you
surprised me so let's get right to it
twelve percent of American adults want
to see President Trump in Congress
decreased spending for Medicaid only
twelve percent
American adults again let me just pause
it cuz that's such an amazing number
because Medicare and Social Security you
pay in too and that's why they're called
entitlements cuz you're entitled to them
it's your goddamn money
Medicaid is for the poor so I want to
like applaud and celebrate the decency
of the overwhelming majority of
Americans who say even though it doesn't
go to most of us it goes to the poor I
don't want you to cut it that's actually
great news
so these guys these Republicans think
well we'll trick them on everything we
said that the tax cuts wouldn't go to
the rich and then almost all of them go
to the rich and now we'll cut their
Medicaid and Medicare and we'll trigger
you're not gonna trick them on that it's
gonna be deeply unpopular so I I'm about
to say something that's my own take in
my own speculation okay I don't have the
data in front of me so take it with a
grain of salt but I actually think that
the people who are saying like no don't
cut this we want to maintain the funding
for it our people who at some point in
their lives probably needed to rely on
Medicaid I mean when you think about
income inequality in the country right
now when you think about that growing
gap between the rich and the poor I know
I personally know people who identify as
conservative Republicans who have relied
on Medicaid during hard times and
actually said they love the program and
for some reason have this weird
cognitive dissonance where they don't
realize hey the party that you keep
voting for wants to cut it but
nonetheless I think that a lot of people
have had to rely on it and so that's the
reason why they want to keep it yeah and
so you're right and a huge percentage of
Americans have either done it or know
people that have done it especially
because of like you said the suppressed
wages etc but when you get more into the
numbers you see that it's not just the
Democratic thing and and it's not just
people who have used Medicaid so the
numbers are too large so let's give you
some more numbers from this particular
survey 4 in 10 prefer to increase
Medicaid spending and nearly half 47%
want funding levels to remain the same
so most Americans want the funding to
remain the same and and
portion of the country four out of ten
actually want more funding for Medicaid
so when they go to cut Medicaid and only
12% approve at some point reality does
catch up with you so I know they'll have
more money again you know in terms of
congressional elections again the
Republicans usually do and although now
the small donors for the Democrats are
overpowering the big donors or
Republicans for the first time I've ever
seen in my life it started with Bernie
Sanders and then in these special
elections especially in Virginia small
donors made a gigantic difference for
the Democrats but they can try to trick
people to no end but if they've actually
used the government program and it's not
theoretical so maybe they don't see the
trillions of dollars of tax cuts going
to the rich they don't see what their
own eyes they don't see them buying the
mansions or the odds but they know this
their Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid in their own life and that's
what leads to even Republicans thinking
that it would be a terrible idea to cut
Medicaid so let's focus on Republicans
specifically and this is yet another
poll that a Pew Research did that
surprised me and shocked me so according
to data from the Pew Research Center
only 15 percent of those who identify as
Republicans support decreasing funding
for Medicare only 10 percent of
Republicans support decrease funding for
Social Security an entitlement program
primarily benefiting older Americans
after retirement
so most Republicans do not want cuts to
Medicare they don't want cuts to Social
Security and you know speaker Ryan is
right they're saying clearly and very
transparently that that is what they are
going to target they are going to target
entitlement reforms and by the way I
didn't miss the fact that he said oh
these are able-bodied people taking
advantage most people who take advantage
of programs like Medicaid are poor okay
they have to qualify for it and also
Social Security and Medicare yeah it's
again an entitlement program because we
have paid into it we have paid into it
people who get to a certain age in their
lives should be able to receive their
Social Security benefits without
worrying about goons like you cutting it
so majority of Americans above the age
of 65 voted for Trump if he goes to cut
their Social Security and Medicare
there is going to be a heavy political
price to pay those programs are so
deeply popular and they keep people
afloat they keep them alive so that is
cutting to the buddies that terrible
political mistake that I I hope they
make I hope they don't succeed that they
try it and then they fail and and they
pay the political price because that is
what their intent is they've been trying
even Eisenhower warned about it he was a
Republican and he said there's only a
certain number of conservatives who want
to cut Social Security and Medicare
they're usually Texas oil billionaires
the bushes and not quite billionaires
but oil men from Texas and and the
really rich and they are stupid he said
and and here they are again decades
later trying the same damn thing man and
even Republicans even not on Social
Security or Medicare but they said okay
do should we cut funding for programs
for America's needy and only 37% said
yes
most of them said no even if it doesn't
apply to me don't cut it right and when
it comes to them I mean these numbers
are minuscule only fifteen percent of
Republicans of Republicans supporting
cutting Medicare only ten percent
cutting Social Security they're gonna
run into a brick wall with that
so-called genius Paul Ryan leading the
way and and Trump said he would never
touch them and of course every single
thing he said during the campaign was a
lie
this is likely to be a lie I hope he
leaves this charge and that and that
it's his Waterloo and then Americans
finally wake up and go alright they
meant to take my money and give it to
the rich yes that's the whole point of
the Republican Party if you liked this
video bless your heart we got a lot more
where that came from we do a full show
every day Monday through Friday come
enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
