recently Fantasy Faire received a lot of
backlash for a video it published
telling Hillary Clinton to get a hobby
and in that video in a very small part
one of the women working at Vanity Fair
said that she should take up a hobby
like knitting now people said that that
was sexist we had a conversation about
it I disagreed I didn't think it was
meant to be sexist
however Vanity Fair did decide to
apologize and their apology goes as
follows it was an attempt at humor and
we regret that it missed the mark that
was it that was the apology which isn't
really much of an apology and I don't
really think they have to apologize like
let's all move on with our lives I think
that apology was fitting for the offense
okay
fair fair I agree okay so who wanted to
chime in on this debacle Donald Trump of
course Donald Trump I mean he's he's
done everything he needs to do as
president he's succeeded in everything
we're all living better lives and so
since he's got a little bit of time on
his hands you know why not golf and go
after Vanity Fair for apologizing so
here's what his tweet said Vanity Fair
which looks like it's on its last legs
okay let's just stop right there okay is
there anyone that he has criticized
where he didn't include something about
how their careers are over or they're on
their last leg or their ratings are down
like that's like his go to insult well
I'll tell you why and why it's even if
you've got him committing a crime it's
gonna be super hard to get it
potentially super hard to get him out of
office because during a campaign rally
he once gave an anecdote so super weird
rambling anecdote about a guy at a party
among the very rich and how he had lost
his fortune and Trump thought that was
the worst thing in the world and
everybody looked at him with shame he
used to be rich but he's not rich
anymore and he just Steve it as like a
parable for like the worst thing that
could possibly happen to you so that's
why he thinks like oh if you all your
career is ending is the worst thing ever
right and and that's his view of life
you're either winning or you're losing
and losers live in you know
in eternal shame you're losing dude
you're losing you're caught you're
chiming in on this ridiculous nonsense
you're losing your loser already you've
lost you're done okay anyway let me read
the rest of this ridiculous juvenile
tweed battery Fair which looks like it's
on its last leg is bending over
backwards in apologizing for the minor
hit they took at crooked Hillary or
crooked H okay they're not bending over
backwards they said that it was an
attempt at humor and we regret that it
missed the mark
that's a Xiao Xiao ultra bending over
backwards though they're doing backflips
it was a big apology a giant apology
like the giant ocean water that
surrounds Puerto Rico which is an island
someone take Twitter away from him
please it's embarrassing like more than
I'm embarrassed I'm tired of being
embarrassed okay I wish I was tired of
winning but I'm not I'm tired of feeling
embarrassed every day yeah so and that's
why it gets under her skin when you
mentioned that he lost his lost
electoral college because that would
then he'd be a loser and he'd have to
live in shame oh my god they can't take
him out of the white house oh he's gonna
feel such deep shame it's gonna be the
best thing best day in American history
when that happens if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
