Donald Trump has been boasting about his
legislative wins and if you've paid any
attention to the news at all you know
that he hasn't really signed too many
laws or bills into law now recently he
was speaking to firefighters in West
Palm Beach during his golfing tour and
while he was speaking to them here's
what he had to say about his
accomplishments in his first year in
office so in case you didn't hear that
clearly we got a lot of legislation
passed I believe and you would have to
ask those folks who will know the real
answer we have more legislation passed
including the record was Harry Truman a
long time ago
so he believes he has surpassed Harry
Truman's a record of legislative wins at
this point in his presidency and he
clearly said at the end there we broke
that record okay we all know that's a
lie but then when you dig deeper and
figure out how little he's accomplished
it's even more amusing okay so there is
an organization that actually tracks all
this stuff and once they saw that Trump
made statements like this they decided
to do just a quick analysis actually a
pretty deep analysis into what he has
accomplished what he hasn't accomplished
it's a gov track u.s. you should check
it out
so Trump has actually signed fewer bills
into law than any other president in his
first year in office since Dwight
Eisenhower in 1953 and that's according
to gov track okay
by his own standard the president has
sunk to the last place with 94 bills
signed into law by his uh 336 day in
office they wrote this on December 21st
that's eight fewer than george george w
bush and not even half as many as
presidents Bill Clinton and George HW
Bush okay and the numbers are right
there for you and then they also
included a new
a little graph that you can take a look
for yourself and it shows the
accomplishments in the first 336 days so
through December 21st and you can see
that Trump is a pretty low on that list
no I heard he broke the record by the
way it turns out in the last 16 four
years he did break the record record low
just stop talking
stop I mean he can't it's I mean this is
the kind of behavior you see from
dictators right dictators I always think
about kim jeong-hoon right and his
bowling record yeah like how he bowls a
perfect
oh hey Mel Jong yeah that was that that
was and every time I hear Trump lie
about his crowd sizes or his
accomplishments I think of that I think
of North Korea and that's a scary thing
to think about
I bowled 300 each time that's what he
used to say and he said that on a golf
course of 18 holes he would regularly
shoot at 27 okay and oh so now Trump is
doesn't say 27 because that even for
Trump that's a little too much but he
has very similarly claimed that he has
won all these golf championships at his
different courses but there's never any
confirmation of it I mean he is like
those guys Kim jong-il or Kim Jong or
Kim jong-un I forget which one declared
that they have no asshole no Victor no
place in which human fecal matter exits
the body because they're guys it Trump
also lies about body parts he says he
has big hands did you see that video his
tiny tiny hair I want to break this down
further because I think it's important
to kind of understand what's meant by
legislative wins and legislation signed
by the president so in terms of
legislative wins meaning Congress
carrying out the President's agenda and
then the president being able to sign
that into law there has only been how
many I think it's one right and that was
the tax overhaul
they managed to the tax cuts they
managed to do that but more than three
dozen
when it comes to what Trump has signed
more than three dozen modify or extend
existing laws 16 repeal rules and
regulations using a process known as the
congressional review act a dozen
commemorate or honor people and
organizations by doing things like
renaming federal buildings and seven
provide temporary government funding or
one-time disaster relief funds so those
are the things that he's signed those
are not legislative wins okay he has not
accomplished more than any other
president in history he'll have you
believe that but it's not sure so thank
God he hasn't I mean I don't want him to
pass any of these bills and the one bill
that he did pass was and to be fair
really important and it's gonna be super
hard to undo those tax cuts for the rich
and for corporations corporations will
use all their political might and power
and money with all the politicians that
they've bought off to make sure we never
undo those tax cuts for them meanwhile
of course they'll go to cut our Medicare
Social Security etc and they'll go to
raise our taxes later but it'll be hard
to undo that so you know he didn't have
to make up stuff he could have just said
hey you know what we got historic tax
cuts for my friends at mar-a-lago and
that's why I got an office that was my
number one objective and by the way I
also got giant tax cuts it's a it's
gonna give me millions of dollars every
single year this presidency is paying
off fantastic for me that would have
been honest and it would have been true
they are historic I know Jake but that's
what a reasonable smart person would do
right but he's not reasonable or smart
he is the definition of daddy issues
like he's so incredibly insecure and so
obsessed with you know impressing people
that he has to be the best he has to be
the one that accomplished should
accomplished the most he's the one who
broke the record no dude it's like the
easiest thing in the world to just check
public data and figure out that you're
lying and by the way yes I agree with
you Jake we should be happy about the
fact that he hasn't accomplished a lot
of the things that he's wanted to
accomplish but there are scary things
other than the tax cuts that he did
accomplish so let me give you the data
that
gov track also compiled he also
appointed the most appellate judges any
presidents in any presidents first year
though he lags in civilian appointments
to top federal agency positions but let
me explain the context that's important
it's not like you worked really hard at
it no the Republicans had blocked so
many of Obama's judges that there was a
giant backlog and so when Trump came in
and Republicans controlled both houses
they're like okay now instead of
progressive justices haha we we
obstructed and obstructed obstructed now
we're gonna put in all conservative
judges and Trump was nominating people
who were just like bloggers who'd never
gone to court and to the point where he
got so embarrassing a Republican senator
drew the line and asked like simple
legal questions of one of his candidates
they couldn't answer any of them and
finally a couple of them were turned
down but it's it's not it was not a big
accomplishment of Trump if you want to
give quote-unquote credit you would give
it to the Republicans for cheating
during their Obama years right and and
and that's why he put so many judges in
when he got into office right so that's
the truth that's what's going on and and
one last thing
you know the Trump is about the line
when he says I think you'll have to
check with people you know I know you'd
have to ask these folks over there that
I think are experts but maybe not really
I don't know anyway I'm the best
everyone everyone loves me I'm the most
popular president of all time I have the
highest approval rating I have the
biggest hands I have a normal skin tone
okay if you're not sure then don't say
it and and you weren't remotely sure in
fact you made it up completely so hush
already you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
