hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now so this
is the story i wanted to talk to you
about here's a radical new plan to tax
carbon and give everyone in america two
thousand two hundred thirty seven
dollars this appeared in huffington post
it's about this idea that we should that
you know carbon tax has been floated for
many years and there are gonna be
consequences to a carbon tax how much
what is the consequence what is the
externality the cost of all the carbon
reporting in the air that the companies
don't pay for because they're not paying
to clean it up that's just the carbon
the all the other things they don't
clean up so but what the what that cost
would be is an open question the two
republican congressmen pushing a bill to
put a price on planet warming emissions
want to tax carbon at twenty four
dollars per ton for democratic lawmakers
pegged the price at fifty dollars per
ton in their own legislation the trump
administration for its part settled on
something lower one dollar to seven
dollars per ton by 2020 that's as
shocking that the Trump would come in
with a lowball it's weird his whole
cabinet is climate change deniers and
they all wanted that lower I don't see
the connection I'm surprised he didn't
say the climate owes us money the art of
the deal the climate keeps changing I'm
gonna build a wall around it and
Saturn's gonna pay for it I don't know
how or so but to really make a
difference a better answer is something
closer to two hundred thirty dollars per
ton according to a study by the people's
policy project a left-leaning think-tank
published Wednesday that would raise the
cost of goods and services by roughly
750 billion dollars including price
hikes of 79 percent for gas 51 percent
for electricity 23 percent for airfare
and nine percent for groceries people
are going to feel that a co-author
Andres friends dad an assistant
professor of economics at Colorado State
University said and the people who will
feel that the most are going to be poor
people the article has established that
there are going to be costs associated
with a carbon tax and and or you're
putting a price tag on carbon and the
people who are going to have to pay that
price are most likely going to be poor
people so far it sounds like a good
Oshin if you're a right-winger but we
get into the part where we solve that
problem that's where the papers most
radical proposal comes in offsetting
that cost by paying every person in the
United States two thousand two hundred
thirty seven dollars per year it forces
the well-to-do to pay their fair share
sat friends dead and they pollute far
more support for carbon tax is higher
than the limited policy debate in
Washington suggests a study published
last October in the journal
Environmental Research Letters found the
average American would willingly spend a
hundred seventy seven dollars per year
on a carbon tax raising electricity
prices by about fourteen point four
percent compared to current electricity
rates in each state even oil giant Exxon
Mobil Corporation a longtime financier
of climate change denial think-tanks
said it would support a relatively low
carbon tax so we have even Exxon
acknowledging that a carbon tax might be
critical and while they have been openly
denying climate change and funding
climate denial
we know from internal documents that
Exxon is known for decades about climate
change and the climate change is real so
where are you two on the idea of a
carbon tax in general well I mean we got
to do something and I like how this
whole for instance in this in this plan
or in this the way everything unfolded
this is your typical way that science
and politics interact the science
community says one thing the Democrats
listen a little bit the Republicans
listen somewhat Trump just tweets like
like that's just the most typical thing
that goes down what we're saying it's
about $230 I'll give you 50 and we'll
only give you 20 foot we'll give you $1
but yeah we got to do something and you
know I'm looking at this and it says
also and I know we didn't get to it
specifically in the article but it talks
about some of the more specific price
hikes fifty one percent for electricity
twenty three percent for airfare nine
percent on groceries we're already
living in a country where you know I
mean Michael Moore put this statistic
out there a lot of people that live in
other places other than a family about
half of Americans can't afford to fly
home for the funeral if one of their
loved ones dies so we
need to do something about
transportation needs in this country and
something should have been done
yesterday I'd like the idea of seeking
more sustainable solutions you know it's
hard it's easy to say we can never have
a fully extensive rail in this country
because it's not something we've
actually tried and it's something we
don't yeah we have it's remarkable how
we have we went from having a can-do
spirit in this country to makes me a can
we used to lead the world in innovation
and I think we can again like that this
thing I mean carbon tax okay but it just
seems like a short-term band-aid on a
gunshot wound we need to get off of oil
that's it's that simple so when I see
ExxonMobil go this isn't bad because
ExxonMobil knows they are the reason
they need to go baby Corp in Texas they
know their days are numbered you know
the governor of the Bank of England gave
a speech three years ago saying that
there's a serious carbon bubble and what
it is it's not when we run out of oil
it's when investors don't see any
long-term profitability and he said so
we need to deflate this bubble not let
it explode and I think I think the
solution isn't isn't is not a carbon tax
the solution is what what Rahm was kind
of touching on is is and what we talk a
lot about as progressives as a green new
deal you we don't need to like get and
then give back some of this carbon tax
to the man know green new deal put
America to work building wind turbines
and solar panels and light rail and get
green energy is a technology so like any
technology you put more research into it
it gets cheaper it gets faster it gets
smaller right TruthDig just put an
article out about a a study that said
they can convert the Sahara Desert with
wind turbines when you put wind turbines
out you actually lower wind speeds and
you could you could turn the Sahara
Desert you could change the climate
increase rainfall bring more vegetation
they did this they did a study so that's
what I'm saying and we need to put
billions of dollars into research in
that instead of five trillion dollars on
a ridiculous war on terror and shocking
17 years and five trillion dollars we
haven't fixed terrorism yet we should
put
the technology not this Mickey Mouse
this is just Washington DC like bitching
is it a dollar is it twenty four is it
fifty no man like Chuck it and build
some wind turbines put Americans to work
in high-paying union jobs fixing the
environment because by 2030 if we don't
do something about it if there's not
drastic change by 2030 it's irreversible
I don't want to listen to trump and his
tweets and the idiots at the two
whorehouse parties
complain about who's gonna tax soda pop
you know this I shut up and and get to
get to work on a green new deal grandma
what calm yeah what ExxonMobil did in
this for instance they they ran some
numbers and they decided it's better to
have a tax that is just gonna be
factored into the cost of doing business
because we would have a greater cost if
like Graham pointed out people stopped
investing they don't see the long-term
potential so so they're trying to
they're trying to just pull me what's
interesting another interesting aspect
of it is that if you mean it'd be very
difficult to get the twenty two hundred
dollars for every American or whatever
out of the oil companies but it would
entrench the idea that we have to keep
producing oil to get that money and
follow that money to American so
Americans would have a vested financial
interest in continuing to spew carbon
into the air I'm getting twenty two
hundred dollars extra a year from the
oil lobby well I guess I'm not buying an
electric car now am i right I mean
that's you know that maybe is but yeah I
think but that's certainly what I think
Exxon Mobil their calculus is it part of
let me let's finish the articles there's
more I want to talk about with this so a
lot of people suggest that putting the
carbon tax is going to slow down
economic growth and that is presumed to
be a negative even a carbon price twice
as high as firms Tad's proposal would
not avert the catastrophic forecast for
how the climate will change once the
planet warms beyond two degrees Celsius
a United Nations study last year found
that a carbon price of five and seventy
three dollars per ton paired with a
resource extraction tax and rapid
technological innovation would still
lead to 132 billion metric tons of co2
by 2050 according to a recently
published foreign policy essay arguing
that economic growth itself cannot be
green for his part front said said there
was no reason to think his proposal
would slow down growth this would
redirect technology innovation from the
form of tracking to solar and wind and
mass transit he said we're trying to
change the structure of the economy but
not the speed at which it grows there's
the question of whether economic growth
is even the objective whether that
should be a desire a demand because
economic growth is a sort of this notion
that we all have because of capitalism
that we have to constantly be growing
it's been the famous quote that the
growth for its own sake is the ideology
of the cancer cell and so they're trying
to build into this policy that were you
know it's ok we're gonna keep growing
we're gonna keep producing generating
consuming consuming it zooming so that's
ok so it seems like to me there's a you
know there's two sides of this that
they're not really addressing but I want
to talk about with you he said this
would redirect technology innovation
from the next form of fracking to solar
and wind and mass transit he said we're
trying to change the structure of the
economy but not the speed at which it
grows but he said an ambitious three
digit carbon tax is just one of a suite
of policies needed to reduce surging
emissions from burning fossil fuels
deforestation and industrial farming
progressive candidates and policy
advocates over the past year have
rallied around various emissions curving
proposals including a green new deal
there you go Graham a fiscal stimulus
plan to potentially spend trillions on
renewable energy and home weatherization
in an infrastructure building spree not
seen since world war two but friends dad
warned that funding such a plan with a
carbon task risks exacerbating economic
inequality at a time when the British
charity Oxfam estimates the average
person in the top one percent already
creates a hundred seventy five times
more carbon pollution if we give all the
money back to people and lump sum
payments it's sort of sweetener that can
make the policy politically viable he
said we'll need money for public
projects too but that money should not
should be raised through progressive
taxation and public borrowing like it
always should be for big public projects
of course carbon pricing still faces
considerable opposition in July the
House of Representatives voted 229 to
180 to pass a resolution formally
declaring a carbon tax detrimental to
the US economy Grover Norquist and
anti-tax Crusader with influence on the
GOP has railed against carbon pricing
schemes so what I wanted to get you to
talk about is so he's saying that there
are various ways we can mitigate this we
can give people money back but the
government needs to spend the money but
the one of the interesting things out
how he said that the average
one-percenter uses up 175 times the the
resources it doesn't say who but it
presumably means someone in third will
for when we hear about owen third-world
there overpopulating and they've got to
stop the world overpopulation it's not
them overpopulating it's us
over-consuming yes that are really
causing the problems but bottom line is
consumption is a problem and what the
the overall idea of a carbon tax is to
say look we have a capitalist system and
capitalism seeks to exploit whatever it
can for profit and it will exploit those
resources until they're gone
regardless of the damage it does
externally called externalities and form
to maximize profit we need to as a
government as people put restraints on
capitalism we need to tax some of those
profits and to to mitigate the damage
done by capitalism when it seems like
the real solution is to say how about we
don't have capitalism instead of just
constantly trying to you'll reign in
capitalism and it's just full-bore going
to destroy destroy destroy and consume
and consume and consume how about we
step back and say okay maybe we don't
want a system that just constantly needs
to be restrained and then you know we
design a different system I know that's
a bigger picture but I want to the one
thing I want to share with you is I've
been reading Peter Joseph's book new
human rights movement and that was
struck but he he mentioned in it that
the IMF rates at the annual cost of
fossil fuel externalities although just
false views is 5.3 trillion dollars a
year so that's profits they're making
that we are collectively paying the
costs of that they are not having they
don't have to pay those costs we
collectively pay them and you know also
that the global government's subsidies
are five hundred billion dollars a year
worldwide so that's direct money given
to the fossil fuel industry from the
United States and other governments and
then the economics of ecosystems and
biodiversity found that no industry in
the world would be profitable if they
had to pay for all their externalities
zero no not just fossil fuels nobody
Walmart wouldn't be profitable
Nike wouldn't be profitable no matter
how much they love Kyle Kaepernick none
of them because of the externalities but
we all collectively pay the price it's
it's a socialism for the few and rugged
capitalism
the rest of us where we have to pay the
price and so that's my question is like
if we focus on carbon taxes and these
sorts of solutions are we are we helping
to solve the problem or are we just
helping to entrench a system that cannot
be stopped it will destroy the planet it
will kill us off so we have to it's
admirable and this idea is admirable
because what they're trying to
accomplish but we're ignoring the
elephant in the room who is dying that
by the way and endangered I agree with
you because there's so many things that
this this article and the study leaves
out economic growth they talk about
corporations over the last 30 years have
enjoyed a 77 percent increase wages have
gone up twelve percent so this idea that
oh it will hurt economic growth no no
it'll just hurt the one-percenters and
the corporation's big big fat bottom
line the other thing they always talk
about and then it's nowhere near this
article you know is always the under car
how are we gonna pay for it I don't know
maybe don't spend a trillion dollars a
year on war gee I wonder what we did
what we could do with that money and
then let's go even further let's go even
the fact that we're a fiat currency and
then you know the Fed in Congress they
could just they could give us whatever
we want there's the money for them to
give us whatever they want tax is a
theft so this idea is is all just a
talking about is just as a complete scam
and I think sure a carbon tax along with
the green New Deal could that yeah but
it goes back to what you're saying then
we're still just feeding this horrifying
capitalist monster you know like who
does not care like profit jobs jobs look
if there's not breathable air and
drinkable water how many jobs are we
gonna have like I don't care you can you
can the Hamptons are gonna be affected
by climate change
just like the inner cities are the South
of France gonna be affected by climate
change your tan yachts are gonna be
affected by climate change so we need
real real groundbreaking solutions and
it what the what the one thing that I
did it one of the things I did agree
with is like yes we need a like FDR
style you know new
deal and that went into world war that
everyone needs to get involved in this
and change it and find their solutions
that are out there there's technology
companies making a profit like it's out
there we just need to stop I mean I got
to throw this again I just can't listen
to this it's just more I don't have time
it's it's thick it's the classic arguing
you know the deck chairs on the Titanic
I mean it's just like yeah we don't got
time for it well I mean to respond to
the article specifically and then I when
I respond to some of the big-picture
stuff you brought up like this seems
like the whole all-of-the-above approach
on energy that was a very very nice
flowery way of saying we're gonna
continue this even we even though we
know it's really bad this is just
another flowery way of saying that we're
just gonna get I mean they brought up
the new age of fracking the whole idea
that that there's economic growth in
that it's just it's both clean goal yeah
clean clothes like ethical child
pornography and all this stuff I mean
especially fracking specifically they
just exploit resources and then they
sell it it doesn't help us domestically
at all it just pads the pockets of a
couple CEOs that money doesn't go back
into the economy it goes into offshore
accounts likely so it's just straight up
not true and then looking at a big
picture when you bring capitalism into
the equation you know I saw this video
on YouTube where it was trying to
describe the history of capitalism and
it was interesting but they tried to be
kind of very neutral and they say you
know in every circumstance where
capitalism has been tried it's it's had
the same critiques every single time and
I was like yeah that's because that's
what it's set up to do all the crappy
stuff it does it's set up to do that so
it's just gonna keep doing that and the
only way to restrain that is not doing
it anymore
I like it it's like go like runs
paraphrase maybe would want to take any
career for this at all but like every
time we've put a pedophile in charge of
a little league baseball team they've
had the same criticisms yeah it's just
it's just this it's this the semantics
nonsense that we don't have time for to
justify this
this egregious thing that is completely
out of control
the most the most profitable time in
America are the 50s that I always talk
about that is when capitalism was the
most heavily regulated and the most
heavily taxed and labor was ascendant
and union membership was the highest and
so on down the line and you had upward
mobility and you know if we could try to
do that again but they better play ball
otherwise I don't know what what did
they what's their endgame in this like
what what is what is these
one-percenters what do they think is
gonna happen here they have all the
reports they're not dumb enough to think
that climate change isn't happening they
know in the short run it's gonna hurt
their bottom line but they have to be in
the back of their head going oh oh well
I think this it's sort of like the
debate about Obamacare where there
people are saying Obamacare is its
flawed but maybe it will help lead us to
single-payer and then there are others
who said no Obamacare is not only flawed
but it further entrenches the health
insurance industry and the
pharmaceutical industry and so on it's
over so it's a step away from it and the
question is whether this sort of idea
with a carbon tax and with a guaranteed
basic income could lead to the
undermining and exposing in the broad
but you know community a broader
community of Americans in the world to
the depredations of capitalism or if it
just further entrenches it and and you
know seals our fate we have more stories
to get you and the the next one has to
do with McDonald's and we know about the
fight for 15 probably about how the
nationwide effort for fast-food workers
to do their fighting for a $15 minimum
wage and it's not just fast-food workers
but that's pit where it's been centered
around there been protests and strikes
and and so on and so forth fast food
industries for the most part are not
unionized so these are wildcat strikes
and these are people who are living you
know paycheck to paycheck if they're
lucky and so for them to strike for
these issues is is heroic I think and
admirable and we should be you know
applauding them but there's a new
wrinkle to the the fight for 15 and some
of these fast-food workers are getting
involved in and that's what this story
from the intercept is about McDonald's
workers are striking against sexual
harassment tying me to to their labor
struggle when Kimberly Lawson was first
sexually harassed
working at McDonald's in Kansas City she
did exactly what she was supposed to do
a co-worker she said hated on her
constantly made lewd comments and
touched her inappropriately I filed a
complaint but nothing was done said the
23 year old single mother of one he kept
working on the same shifts as me when
Lawson's shift manager also began
tormenting her with verbal sexual
remarks she didn't even bother filing a
complaint galvanized my experiences like
these Lawson horns $9 an hour joined
with McDonald's workers from 10 cities
to organize a day-long strike on Tuesday
it will be the first nationwide strike
specifically targeting sexual harassment
in the workplace the labor action also
charts a new course for me - which has
mostly featured women in high-profile
and white-collar industries the strike
marks a notable step toward shifting me
- into a movement inclusive of and
organized by low-wage workers against
corporate America coordinated as part of
the fight for $15 movement the strike
makes clear that the battle against
sexual harassment and assault is
inextricable from a broader labor
struggle its historic Lawson told the
intercept women are coming together and
standing up and creating hope for other
women across the country Lawson herself
a fight for $15 organizer was shocked to
learn how many fellow McDonald's workers
had shared her experience for workers in
the service industry sexual harassment
and violence is the norm not the
exception a 2014 survey from the worker
advocacy group restaurant opportunities
centers United found that nearly 80% of
women in the industry had experienced
some form of sexual harassment from
co-workers as had 74 percent of men 80
percent of women and 55 percent of men
reported sexual harassment customers
LGBTQ workers were particularly affected
the survey found now that's a surprise
because you would think it was the from
what Republicans tell me it's 80 percent
who make up the accusations not that
they actually are so those those numbers
are pretty striking but what the the
article also underscores is that the the
me2 movement has been centered for the
most part around targeting Roth
Hargensen thriver but identifying
exposing high profile men if everybody
on Twitter knows who Harvey Weinstein is
or the you know Bill Cosby and these but
for the average American working in a
fast food your situation McDonald's for
example and their assistant manager is
harassing them you can't just go on
Twitter and expose him because you don't
have that kind of power there's another
profile well and and I think this is
good that I'm glad the article points
this out because hashtag
has no gender in it it's been largely a
woman's movement sure but one I've heard
some some people of color be critical of
hashtag me too because they're like it
just sounds like it's a bunch of
privileged white women trying to you
know fighting about their privilege and
that statistic you put up there
80% of women and 70% of men are getting
sexually harassed
- so hashtag me - I'm glad it's
expanding and also bringing in labor
because it's not just men doing this to
women it's women doing this to men it's
I mean it's people in power are abusing
it yeah whatever their gender or ethnic
makeup are and especially when you're
making $9 an hour's you just pointed out
you're extremely vulnerable you know if
you're a millionaire celebrity yes it's
it's it's it's it's not easy to speak up
if you've been a harassed or abused than
any of the capacity but you have a giant
law firm behind you you have all this
stuff you're making $9 an hour what can
i and if I get fired because one of the
New York Times put out an article saying
that more jobs is not the issue to fight
poverty it's more education there's all
these high end jobs that are going
unfilled because people don't have
enough education so going back to this
point here this that me too is tying
into the labor struggle is is good and
it's powerful and and I hope that this
we we're just beginning the conversation
we need to have the conversation about
all of it and it affects labor
it's everything's connected we've talked
about this like and and it shows the
what rampant capitalism does you make $9
an hour
you don't have a value so that's from
the top down the CEOs are like that the
owners are like that the managers are
like that what are you gonna do you're
also very easily replaceable you immune
raise a stink we get rid of you is a 25
year old single mom yeah I'll take you
out of here yeah I mean exploitation the
point that they're making larger point
is that exploitation is not just
economic exploitation but the economic
and you know sexual harassment that kind
of exploitation they all go hand in hand
yes and they tie them together it's a it
makes sense and it also raises awareness
about this that this is that these
people are vulnerable
they're vulnerable financially they're
vulnerable to the you know petty tyrants
who they potentially work for customers
also the companies don't protect them
previous efforts to take on the
fast-food giant on the issue of sexual
harassment have yielded few results in
terms of shifting corporate behavior
Carlson told the intercept she filed
numerous complaints with the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission on
behalf of McDonald's workers in 2016 but
has seen no changes made by the
corporation since meanwhile McDonald's
has maintained the line that it has
quote about zero tolerance for sexual
harassment in the workplace a claim
belied by the countless instances that
have been tolerated by virtue of
inaction we have policies procedures and
training in place that are specifically
designed to prevent sexual harassment at
our company and company owned
restaurants the company said in a
statement to the Associated Press bla
bla and we firmly believe that our
franchisees share this commitment and I
went to some effort not to read that in
a high-pitched annoying voice because
I'm an independent jerk I always they
come back with their corporate
doublespeak we have a zero pile or
tolerance policy but then why is this
happening why did this woman did she did
everything she was supposed to do right
and you did nothing
and her story you know her story is not
millions well it's not unique and
there's a ton of I mean we mentioned
some of the obvious connections but
there's even more you know there's a
connection between abuse of power and
sexual harassment there's also a
connection between income inequality and
the fact that we don't have to Isham
free college you know like like there's
all these connections and a strike like
this is making them and I mean I'm in
favor of every strikes I think we need a
massive strike nationwide I'm in support
a son made here in California in support
of the teachers I'm in support of the
hotel workers in Chicago McDonald's is
one of the worst culprits out there too
we're talking about some of the worst of
the worst McDonald's is right up there
with Nike and Walmart
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
aggressor progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
