so jenna fischer of course well known
actress have played in the office for a
number of years and she tweeted right
after the tax bill passed about a
provision in there that that was really
really troubling she said i can't stop
thinking about how school teachers can
no longer deduct the cost of their
classroom supplies on their taxes
now that is slightly incorrect so why is
that that provision was in the House
version of the bill they said you know
you can get a deduction up to $250 if
out of pocket you're buying school
supplies for your the kids that you
teach the school should be buying those
supplies but teachers out of the
goodness of their heart would buy supply
sometimes they get to deduct off a tiny
amount and in the original House version
two there was still a deduction for
private jets which survived to the final
bill so in the beginning they're like
let's punish the school teachers trying
to help their kids but let's make sure
that people with private jets get richer
okay now they got caught with their hand
in the cookie jar the Republicans said
and so when there was a huge uproar over
that they're like fine we'll take it out
so it did not it was not in the final
bill so that's why Jenna Fischer was
wrong in complaining about that after
the bill had passed because that version
of the bill didn't have it okay but it
was people like her who had brought up
that issue in the first place and that
got him to withdraw it if there was no
spotlight on it they would have just
kept it in okay so people jumped all
over and I say people but it's all the
right-wing trolls online who take tiny
little issues no no that was in the
house but we wanted to do we wanted to
crush the teachers and break their backs
but we got caught publicly so we took it
out oh you're wrong you're wrong and
they could make a huge big stink
until she has to issue a gigantic
apology so she says I did not mean to
spread misinformation I was well
intentioned but I was behind on my
research which is understandable because
she's not involved in politics she's
just an American who cares and when she
saw that provision in there which was in
the House bill
she was justifiably outraged okay but by
the way should she correct it of course
she should but
that's the uneven playing field because
progressives are good people who don't
want to do fake news who don't want to
misinform you they care about the facts
that's why the people like Jenna Fischer
apologize right but the other side
doesn't give a damn I'll get to them in
a second but she goes on she said last
month the House of Representatives voted
for a tax bill that did kill a $250
deduction for teachers to buy classroom
supplies but in the final bill deduction
was restored
I feel genuinely bad about getting my
facts wrong and I'm sorry okay it's a
wonderful probably far too much apology
in fact I know it's too much but I'm
glad she corrected it everybody who's
rational is glad she corrected it and
another statement on Twitter she says
I've deleted a tweet and would like to
issue no apology please read and retweet
to help me spread the word thanks you
don't need to keep retweeting anyway so
here's the longer version of that I mean
it is just apology on top of apology and
okay so if the if the playing field was
even I'd say okay great wonderful we
corrected something I mean you don't
have to go that over the top for it
tiny tiny minuscule microscopic mistake
but god bless your heart for being a
good person in doing that but the
playing field is not even Republicans
lie about the heart of the bill all the
time they do it regularly that's the
course of business has Donald Trump ever
issued an apology for all the things
that he lied about actively lied about
in the bill so I mean IQ
this again goes to the core of the bill
but I can give you a thousand examples
like this he says he said at one point
the rich will not be gaining at all with
this plan we're looking for the middle
class and we're looking for jobs jobs
being they're coming the rich will not
be eating at all he said at all with
this plan it is a monstrous slide in
fact he laughed about it afterwards as
CBS News reported president Trump kicked
off his holiday weekend at mar-a-lago
Friday night at a dinner where he told
friends you all just got a lot richer
referencing the sweeping tax overhaul
he's signed into law hours earlier all
those people had to pay at least of two
hundred thousand dollar initiation fee
they were all already fabulously rich
and now they're laughing at you that
they just got way richer in fact I'll
put exact numbers on it according to the
nonpartisan Tax Policy Center eighty-two
point eight percent of the bills
benefits would go to the top one percent
of Americans so eighty-three percent of
the money goes to the richest people in
the country as that'll Trump ever
apologized
has he ever deleted a tweet has he ever
done gigantic long apologies for getting
things wrong
she got a tiny two hundred and fifty
dollar deduction wrong and only based on
the timing
it wasn't an earlier version giant
apology the other side
oh yeah the ritual gained a penny I'm
just kidding they're getting trillions
of dollars but will never apologize will
never correct it and it would disgust me
is that in the media and look I know
that these days they're much better and
keeping the Trump accountable over
although it's always fifty-fifty I can't
quite tell who Jenna Fischer made a big
mistake let's all talk about how Jenna
Fischer and Fischer made a mistake how
about every room not just Trump every
Republican senator every Republican
congressman every Republican pundit who
lied about this bill and said the rich
would not get richer how about Donald
Trump during the campaign saying that he
was gonna take away a loophole from the
hedge fund guys he didn't he kept it in
another not a tiny little mistake a
purposeful gigantic lie lie after lie
after lie and there's never any
apologies there's never any Corrections
because in this country we are not
having a debate about policy differences
we're having a debate about different
realities one side tries to keep to the
facts and is religious about it and is
vigilant in policing tiny little errors
the other side does not give a damn
about reality all they care about is how
do I lie how do I do propaganda and
force it down people's throats and never
ever fix it it's we should be past the
time of trying to call these things even
they are not even so if you're going to
sighs jenna fischer you should do it a
thousand times more a million times more
to donald trump and every single
Republican that voted for that monstrous
tax bill Young Turks if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network aam
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
