Matt Gaetz is one of Donald Trump's
biggest supporters and and by that I
don't mean policy wise most of the
Republicans supported fervently on
almost all of his policies so when
sometimes the press tries to makes a
distinction between Trump and the
Republicans when it comes to policy
there's almost none bob Corker who spoke
out so forcefully against Trump Jeff
Flake say McCain sane all voted for the
giant tax cuts for the rich which was
Donald Trump's number one priority no in
this case Matt Gaetz
wants to make sure the Donald Trump
personally is protected from any legal
liability and a special counsel coming
after him he wants to make sure that the
president is above the rule of law and
and he'll do almost anything to make
sure that that gets him to that
conclusion including firing the special
counsel and and doing a purge of the FBI
these are the guys who claim to be for
rule of law claim to be for blue lives
matter and for cops and federal law
enforcement turns out they're no such
thing instead they're actively trying to
approach their political opponents what
they perceive to be their political
opponents including in places like the
FBI so Matt Gaetz congressman from from
Florida is on television let's hear
ambassador Rooney has worked overseas on
behalf of the United States of America
knows full well the good work that far
too many for a great deal of folks are
doing at the FBI and Department of
Justice the problem is in the swamp of
Washington DC the biggest alligator is a
politicized FBI and Department of
Justice like do you agree with them
you're upset about the FBI and what's
going on but should there be a purge
well the purge is happening we just saw
Andrew McCabe announces retirement
recently you saw Bruce or who is at the
Department of Justice demoted and you
saw Peter struck the person who sent
these horrible anti-trump text messages
the same Peter struck who is very
involved in the exoneration statement
for Hillary Clinton and then got drafted
into the Muller probe he's also been
demoted and reassigned and so time and
again you see the senior leadership at
these agencies exposed for their bias
and that shouldn't in any way impair the
good work that folks on the ground are
doing each and every day
country you're not supposed to do
purchase of our law enforcement and
especially not for political purposes
and here he mentioned that they had
political bias so you're gonna fire
you're gonna investigate the political
leanings of but each of the FBI agents
and fire anyone who isn't a Republican I
mean this guy's cheery on the perch
can't you imagine if when Obama got in
office he said we need to invest the
investing the political bias of the FBI
and started firing all the Republicans
certifying all of the people at the FBI
who might have voted against Obama which
according to insiders is about
two-thirds of the FBI
that would have been outrageous and here
they are on national TV proudly talking
about the purge has begun yes let's go
get them but it actually gets worse
because it's one thing this I get no
they're all terrible burns out people
you don't like based on politics one FBI
is disastrous but then to end the
special counsel would be even worse
because he's in the middle of an
investigation to see if Trump or anyone
associated with him broke the law what
does Matt gates have to say about that I
mean if Bob Muller were any more biased
we'd have to give him credentials for
the mainstream media so are you calling
for Robert Miller to be fired when you
say he's biased yeah absolutely I've
been calling for Muller to be fired for
months now yeah absolutely
who cares about the rule of law well
let's just get rid of it let's just call
Trump dictator or it even being done
with it
purge all of our political opponents
yeah Butler yeah let's fire him try to
actually enforce the law what's the
matter think what Muller has already
gotten indictments against people he's
gotten plea deals from people those
people are going to prison he's I can't
stop that enforces the law crap no no no
somebody had me a brown shirt I got to
get on Fox News and talk about how we
fire all of our political opponents and
by the way I keep saying that because
they they keep saying it they keep
looking for so-called political bias but
Muller is not a political opponent of
Donald Trump where the Republicans
Muller is a Republican he served under
george w bush he's a registered
republican other republicans before the
madness said in respected muller
completely
vii Republicans still do there is no
charge of political bias against Muller
if there was it'd be him being biased
against Democrats he has voted
Republican his whole life if and I guess
under Matt Gates's rules he would have
been purged by the Democrats when they
got into office this is not anywhere
near democracy but believe it or not
it's gonna get slightly worse
listen to the last part here he needs to
step up be the Attorney General fire
Mahler and appoint a second special
counsel to and valuate the Clinton
Foundation oh okay not only are we
stopping an investigation in the middle
because we're worried that they actually
do have the goods that's why they've
arrested these people that's why some of
them have confessed already and pled
guilty so stop it stop it don't find
actual illegal wrong illegalities isn't
wrongdoing instead let's go it's not
that I mind special counsels I just want
it to be political I don't care about
the laws what Matt Gaetz is screaming
from the rooftops in that Fox News
appearance so he's saying instead I want
to go after our old political opponents
like Hillary Clinton
listen based on what I don't know it
doesn't matter whatever we've been
screaming lately is she in office is she
in power what's going on no I don't care
let's just do a political witch-hunt
they always do projection when Trump
says witch-hunt is against him he means
let's start a witch-hunt against my
political opponents so now the gate says
and this is a sitting United States
congressman saying hey let's start a
political investigation of Hillary
Clinton and see if we could put her in
prison now that's their former opponent
you think they won't do it to their next
opponent so let's say that somebody's
gonna run against Donald Trump once you
politicize the FBI and once you've
purged everyone who didn't agree with
you at the organization and fired anyone
who was investigating you what would
stop you from investigating your future
political opponents or your current ones
nothing at all would stop you because
once we've agreed to the lawlessness
there's no more breaks in that system
and that car drives straight into
fascism and Matt gates celebrates it all
along because they don't believe in
democracy they are authoritarian by
nature
Matt Gaetz can't wait for fascism to
arrive in America he'll be in the front
seat you just watch the video by the
young turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
