Vanity Fair is getting some criticism
after it included Hillary Clinton in one
of its series and suggested that Clinton
should look for other hobbies rather
than get involved in politics again now
this was part of its business verticle
known as hive and I'll let you watch the
portion of the video that got the most
criticism and we'll discuss take a look
you know on Anderson Cooper you were
telling him about alternate nostril
breathing you seem really adept you
should try teaching a class take more
photos in the woods how else are you
going to meet unsuspecting hikers take
up a new hobby in the new year volunteer
work knitting improv comedy literally
anything that'll keep you from running
again so the last portion that you saw
was of Maya Kossoff and the criticism
that she's getting is in regard to her
statement suggesting that Hillary
Clinton should take up knitting and
people are saying that that was a sexist
statement to make and they're enraged
about it let me give you a few examples
of the criticism Patricia Arquette
tweeted hey stop telling women what they
should do or can do get over your mommy
his shoes Peter Dow who worked with
Hillary Clinton said I ended 2015
defending Hillary Clinton from sexist
attacks I into 2016 defending Hillary
Clinton from sexist attacks I'm ending
2017 defending Hillary Clinton from
sexist attacks so much for my Twitter
break okay so look I I don't know I
don't I don't think that my casa planned
or I don't think the attention was to be
sexist I think that that's like a common
thing when people say when they're
trying to suggest that people should get
a hobby right so look I get that the
entire video might seem annoying because
you're telling someone what they should
do with themselves and and it might rub
people the wrong way but like let's save
the sexist criticism for people who are
actually being sexist I think the number
one offense with that whole video was
that it just wasn't funny but you know
you got to give people some leeway to
they tried and yeah and it wasn't great
but that's okay
and so what but in context is super
important so Dave did a video making fun
of Donald Trump and they told him to get
off Twitter they did a video about Sarah
Huckabee Sanders and it's some weird
skit involving Bernie Sanders and how
they should do a show together or
something
yeah okay but nobody's losing it over
that so look should you tell a woman to
go knitting generally of course not
right so I'm sure that if they had to do
it again they would have put something
else other than knitting in right but
now we're parsing every word that anyone
has ever said so they also said she
should do the improv comedy okay
so that doesn't seem particularly sexist
they said she should do a volunteer work
and then somebody on Twitter got mad at
that they're like do you know how much
volunteer work she did earlier in her
career I just okay come on guys they're
just saying let it go and like I feel
like Twitter has become nothing more
than a tool to push manufactured outrage
and fake outrage out into you know our
the public consciousness it's really
that's there's so many things happening
right now in the country that people
should be outraged about and and I get
it you can be outraged about multiple
things at the same time but I would say
on the list of priorities this is really
low I don't really think you should be
on the list of priorities who cares who
cares they did a little video where
they're trying to be funny and they're
trying to have some fun like if you
think that this is an example of sexism
then just go back and really re-evaluate
what sexism is right when people are
actually affected by things policies and
you know mentalities that affect their
bottom line affect their way of living
their quality of life that's the stuff
that we should be focused on not you
know a fun little skit video about you
know hobbies look I'll give you two
examples of that one is the story we
covered yesterday Bernie Sanders talking
about you know where sexual harassment
is the worst in places we're not paying
attention to we're paying a lot of
attention to the media and celebrities
for understandable reasons he explained
but and we showed you a chart Hannah did
yesterday
that's only 1.6 percent of the sexual
harassment the overwhelming majorities
in the Sur
this industry so waitresses people that
work in hotels etc and we're not paying
any attention to that let's go to handle
that because when you make a huge story
about the Knitting comment people then
you might think it's wrong you might
think it's terrible but a lot of people
go yeah men apparently this wasn't a
real issue it makes it seem as though
any other accusation of sexism that
really has some credibility behind it is
not worth listening to or paying
attention to and one more example
specifically about hillary clinton I
remember when the they did this hatchet
job on her might have even been doing
the primaries when I I was not on her
side
but I pointed out that they were doing
this thing where former Secret Service
guys say how she used to yell at Bill
Clinton and throw temper tantrum every
part of it wreaked of sexism it was
every sexist stereotype you've ever seen
right see that was sexist and it was
against Hillary Clinton we should all be
super angry about that and defend her
for that whether you agree with her or
she's your candidate or not that
shouldn't be allowed to stand but when
you take a Vanity Fair video out of
context they've done all they did it
against all these different people and
you say the one word they use against
Hillary is so unacceptable that you're
it's just I'm worried that that the that
you lose credibility over it and yes I
actually do care about your credibility
because when you fight against sexism we
want to fight against sexism and we want
to win that fight what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
