Prince Harry did an interview of former
President Barack Obama this was for the
BBC and Obama had some pretty
interesting things to say about social
media and how it contributes to the
divide among Americans now I don't want
to put words in his mouth let's take a
look at the first video one of the
dangers the Internet is is that people
can have entirely different realities
they can be just cocooned and the
information that reinforces their
current biases so he really hones in on
something that I think is important and
doesn't get talked about enough the fact
that you know search engines and social
media sites like Facebook want to cater
to you and the way that they do it is by
using algorithms that allow you to see
things that reinforce whatever your
biases already are so you kind of exist
in this little bubble whether it's a
conservative bubble or a liberal bubble
progressive bubble and you are not
exposed to other perspectives that might
disagree with what you already believe
but could challenge your ideas and force
you to think about things from a
different perspective this is something
I talk about with my journalism students
a lot
DuckDuckGo which is a search engine that
gets rid of that algorithm is an
important tool to use if you want search
results that will give you a different
perspective right but yeah a lot of
people aren't even aware of this yes so
but I think that Obama is playing it
safe there a little bit and and again my
my problem here is that it's not even so
now there's some left-wing sites that
make up stuff and you know if I ever see
a left-wing site that has wrong
information especially one that I think
they did on purpose I'm done with them
why because what are you gonna do you're
gonna rely on them and then all it's
going to do is get you in trouble and it
serves no purpose at all to deceive your
audience and so in our case we've been
around now sixteen years twelve years on
the Internet
that you earn the trust of the audience
right and I don't want to throw that
away and I I care about the facts and if
it turns out the facts are not on our
side as has happened to me many times as
I transition to being a program
throughout the last couple of decades
well then I I've shown you over and over
again I don't change the facts to my
opinion I changed my opinion to suit the
facts right so but as I begin to see it
happen a little bit on the left oh
that's all there is on the right so to
say like oh we're cocooned well okay
that's true and I think it's a really
important point and I'm glad Obama's
making it but one side is cocooned in
largely a reality-based world and other
sides cocooned on Mars and on on on you
know island in sanity so so I looked
half the stuff you hear you see in right
wing is made up it's made up it's not an
even playing field so I mean there's
another story in the news today about
how a lot of people think the Donald
Trump already killed Obamacare why they
read it on the white right-wing website
and it's not true so are they hurt it
from Trump himself who essentially said
that he's repealed Obamacare well gets
that story in a minute but you're right
jank there's there are two issues at
play here because there's the fake news
component of it the the misleading
disinformation that you see all over
social media that's a huge problem but
what I think is also a problem and and
this is really the fault of the
algorithms that are being utilized is
that sometimes actually all the time
we're only exposed to one side of an
issue because these websites or social
media sites have decided that's all we
want to see and look there's there's
some truth in that because remember
there have been studies done in the past
that prove that if you give someone data
or evidence that challenges their you
know their pre-existing you know notions
or beliefs they will reject it there's
definitely an issue with that but it
shouldn't be a situation where you have
Facebook decide what you do and don't
see because they've decided what it is
that you will and won't like and look I
have to be honest about my perspective
my problem is that we don't fit into any
of that stuff we're the algorithm
breakers because the right wing watches
our show may
more than they watch any right-wing show
they hate watch it but keep driving
audience to us because you know what
what happens every day we get a emails
telling us I used to be a conservative
idiot and now I'm now a progressive and
I understand that maybe it's actually a
good idea to change to regard people
with decency and treat them with decency
so look the left-wing watches us the
right-wing watches us and so I don't
think this applies to us but yes a lot
of people get the algorithm that that
they makes them feel more comfortable
it's an issue but one side of the
algorithm is filled with insanity and
falsehoods another side is largely true
so I want to go to the second video
because what Obama says here really
resonated with me and I think that some
of you in the audience will agree take a
look a good way of fighting against that
is making sure that online communities
don't just stay online that they move
off line and and what I mean by that is
that I think the social media is a
really powerful tool for these people of
common interests to convene and get to
know each other and connect but then
it's important for them to get offline
meeting a pub yeah need it at a place of
worship need in a neighborhood and get
to know each other because the truth is
is that on the internet everything is
simplified and when you meet people
face-to-face it turns out they're
complicated it's also by the way harder
to be as obnoxious and cruel in person
as people can be anonymously on the
Internet I I really love that point
because it's true people can be vicious
little animals when they're online but
more importantly when you meet someone
in person you get a better sense of
their character who they are what their
genuine concerns are I remember during a
recent flight back to Los Angeles from
DC I was seated next to a conservative
woman from Virginia and I don't know how
we started talking about politics it
scared me a little bit in the beginning
because I was worried
that you know it would get combative but
it wasn't combative at all
you know she had legitimate concerns and
and the reason why she voted for Trump
was because he spoke to those concerns
and then later essentially reneged on
those things and so she was a sweet
woman she was a nice woman and I feel
like if we were to get into a debate on
Facebook I wouldn't get a sense of who
she is she wouldn't get a sense of who I
am
yes so I totally agree with you i 100%
agree with Obama on this one mainly look
man go out in the world have human
interactions it's a wonderful thing we
it's probably overstated that we're not
doing that of course we still are doing
that but not enough join a group and it
not maybe not a political one right and
or maybe a political one that's
nonpartisan wolf dash pack.com but in
all honesty and seriously like the
people who meet a wolf pack to get money
out of politics they form unbreakable
bonds for years and years and years and
they and they go and and they go and
fight for the cause and then they go
have a beer and they have you know just
these great bonds that and a lot and it
is nonpartisan you know what and when
you talk to people as those Wolfpack
volunteers do they realize that the
number one concern and that's why we're
fighting that what we are I'm just using
it as an example is number one concern
for both Democrats and Republicans is
the corruption in government and in once
you have that conversation you'd be
shocked at how much you agree so what
I'm sitting on a play with a
conservative we have I don't it's
happened a million times and we have
perfectly lovely conversations ninety
eight out of a hundred times okay and
and there's so many things we agree on
it's in a terrible how the politicians
are corrupt totally right who corrupted
them oh yeah they get donations or they
serve their donors I mean that is one
beginning point if you're gonna talk
about politics or you could talk about
football your family and once you make
it into a conservative circle of us
you're fine you're fine I mean you'll
have a normal conversation right so go
out there and meet people break out of
your bubbles and don't break out of them
violently no with anger just listen to
each other for a second
just be inquisitive and try to
understand where they're coming from
because there might be something that
you're missing and that's okay it's okay
to admit that you just watch the video
by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
