Ohio Governor John Kasich officially
signed into law a bill that would ban
abortions for fetuses diagnosed with
Down syndrome now the law which goes
into effect in 90 days prohibits a
person from performing inducing or
attempting to perform or induce an
abortion on a pregnant woman who is
seeking the abortion because an unborn
child has or may have Down syndrome now
two other states including Indiana and
North Dakota have passed similar laws
but Indiana's law was actually struck
down in September by US District Court
Judge Tanya Walton Pratt who said in her
decision that the United States Supreme
Court has stated in categorical terms
they state may not prohibit any woman
from making the ultimate decision to
terminate her pregnancy before viability
now nay Rob pro-choice Ohio executive
director Kelly Copeland said in a
statement after this law was signed that
this law shames women and will have a
chilling effect on the conversations
between doctors and patients because of
the criminal penalties that doctor will
face she makes a really good point that
right I mean there's a lot of things
that come into play when we're talking
about this particular story including
the fact that you know if a woman says I
want to have an abortion period then she
can have it but if she finds out that
the child the fetus has Down syndrome
then the doctor is culpable which
creates a really treacherous
relationship between the doctor and the
patient how oppressive works right
giving it how you you get the women
through the doctors because the war on
women continues you know what I mean
like that so look for folks that have
loved ones who have down syndrome
they're very concerned about this
understandably so and they it's they
think it's certainly not right to abort
on on that alone as a factor and that's
a perfectly great point and and should
be recognized as such but that is up to
the woman did this
so I'm not gonna get between her and her
doctor I'm not gonna get in that room
I'm not gonna make that choice I think
is deeply morally objectionable to try
to make that choice for anybody and so
we shouldn't even be in the room why are
we peering into their private lives and
having the government trying to make
decisions for them and this for the
people who claim they're against big
government it's a lie it's a lie it's a
lie they love big government when it's
controlling women ya know I think Jake
you bring up a really good point when
talking about people who have down
syndrome right and who speak out against
you know women who do decide to have an
abortion if the fetus you can detect
that the fetus has Down syndrome
of course there are amazing people who
grace us on this earth who have down
syndrome absolutely and they are gifts
probably to the people whose families
they belong to their gifts to all of us
that said we could say that for so many
different cases where a woman decides to
get an abortion right I mean there are
beautiful people who are the product of
rape or incest who are gifts probably to
their families there are people who are
products of a woman maybe tryin who
wanted to have an abortion where she
couldn't afford to have a child who are
probably still gifts to this earth it
doesn't really matter a woman gets to
decide what happens to her body
regardless of the reasoning that she has
and I do want to bring up some of the
reasoning so there was actually a study
that was done to figure out why women
got abortions and it happened in 2004 so
some of it's a little data but I think
the gist of it is here and the biggest
reason that women get an abortion is
having a baby would dramatically affect
their life and they're not ready for
that mother whether it be their
education or their career they can't
afford a baby now maybe they're a single
mother or they're in a abusive
relationship and things like that now
down at 13%
as there were problems with the fetus
you know developmental problems with the
fetus so that's a really really low
percentage comparatively to 74 percent
73 percent and 48 percent
respectively to the issues that I
brought up that said it should not
matter and by enacting this sort of bill
and enacting this law it becomes a
slippery slope of when we get to say
what is okay when can a woman have an
abortion when can we allow a woman to
have agency over her own body and so
that is something that I would really
like to avoid but you know John Kasich
even though he says that he's a moderate
Republican has not been especially when
it comes to choice and there's so many
different things that he is enacted in
Ohio specifically to go against women to
be anti choice including the heartbeat
bill he's strips funding from rape
crisis centers if they mention abortion
as an option keeper makes women get
medically unnecessary ultrasound and
then has a 24-hour waiting period and
then they require parental consent for
all patients under 18 and they've also
removed funding for tried to remove
funding for Planned Parenthood and force
women to bury or cremate aborted fetuses
he is not a moderate he is anti woman
and this is extreme how when does it
when do they determine if the child is
if when the fetus is Down syndrome is
that in the first trimester I don't know
that I'm sure that it varies I'm not
sure about the exactly did they do that
but you know it's Down syndrome was not
the only thing that they could determine
about a fetus of the different issues
that a lot most of the 13% I imagine is
what I've heard a lot from women which
is it didn't have a heartbeat it didn't
have this it didn't have that there was
many it was never gonna get carried to
term right and and in some of those
states were it's a verifiable scientific
fact that the there's it's not gonna be
born it's not good you know they're like
nope nope you still need to carry to
term and I have it and it's not even
gonna make it to term but you need to
have a miscarriage or you need to have a
stillbirth oh come on get out of the
room get out of their lives and a lot of
it has to do with economics the same
people who are so anti-abortion are the
ones that are anti welfare that are the
ones that are anti poor people who
cannot afford to have these children
I had a baby young and I had to hide
from my parents who were gonna try to
make me force me to have an abortion
because of religion and they what they
said I was going to hell and they were
gonna force me to have an abortion but
up until I got pregnant they were
anti-abortion anti abortion and I was
going to hell for having premarital sex
and then I was going to hell for
bringing a baby into this world they
didn't know what the hell they were
doing they didn't know what they were
talking about and they were letting
religion drive them crazy and they were
trying to drive me crazy I had my baby
but that was my choice it was my choice
to have my baby I'm no better than my
friends who chose not to what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
