so there are some Republicans that are
standing up to download Trump in small
ways they vote with them on policy
issues almost all the time anyway but
guys like Jeff Flake and John Cornyn
very important Republicans said a
warning not to fire Muller that it will
be a very bad idea for Donald Trump
meanwhile there are others who are going
in the opposite direction so there's
representative Francis Rooney publican
of Florida he was recently on television
and he was talking about the FBI and and
the special counsel the people
investigating Donald Trump should they
just be allowed to do their job and find
out if there's evidence or not well he's
not in favor of that in fact he says I
don't want to discredit them I would
like to see the directors of those
agencies purge it and say quote look
we've got a lot of great agents and a
lot of great lawyers here those are the
people that I want the American people
to see and know the good works being
done not these people who are kind of
the deep state so they're now just flat
out saying it so if anyone's
investigating the president they should
be purged why they said oh well I mean
it's deep stayed and you know it's the
government you know trying to obstruct
the president no no no do we have a
country of laws or don't we if we do no
one is above the law now if they do an
investigation and they come up with
weaksauce evidence as much as it pains
me I'll say that that is not enough
and and we'll see what they have but for
these guys to say no you should not
investigate the president and if you are
you should be purged well that's that's
not a democracy
and they're guys like Francis Rooney are
authoritarian by nature and given the
opportunity they will put that brown
shirt on and begin to purge all their
opponents first the people investigating
the president so he goes scot-free and
so we don't have rule of law anymore we
just have ruled by strongman and then
once you've started the rest political
opponents are easy in fact they're
talking on fox news about the purge
including Hillary Clinton and
people they have decided our political
opponents so when they come for the FBI
we should all stand strong that we
believe in the rule of law we believe in
our democracy it's not to say that the
FBI does everything right or or our
intelligence agencies do I do not
believe that at all but for them to try
to shut down the legitimate
investigation for their political
purposes and start talking about firing
people or on foxes they're talking about
imprisoning FBI agents
that's what dictators do no hell no
should lead to immediate impeachment but
here they are on the open for start on
foxes then Rooney was on MSNBC talking
about that now they're all over cable
making a purge normal it's not normal
it's anti-democratic and it should be
fought tooth and nail what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
