Mike Huckabee ran against Donald Trump I
got humiliated by him but now of course
being the sycophant that he is he's all
over Donald Trump kissing his ass now
mind you his daughter Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is there basically press
secretary for the president so okay you
know he's got that interest in there as
well and he is deeply authoritarian
right-wing or just like Donald Trump and
will probably doesn't really care for
our system of government just like
Donald Trump and I don't know to what
degree he would be corrupt just like
Donald Trump but he wants to excuse all
of that but he's gonna go over the top
here a little bit in in praising Trump
he says he just saw the darkest hour say
here I'll give you his exact we said
ducks took today off but if you can get
to a theater go through the darkest hour
about Churchill reminds us to what real
leadership looks like now that by itself
is the most innocuous tweet you've ever
seen in your life nothing wrong with
that praising Churchill okay but of
course you can't help himself it goes to
the next week he says Churchill was
hated by his own party opposition party
and press feared by a king as reckless
and despised for his bluntness but
unlike Neville Chamberlain he didn't
retreat we had a Chamberlain for eight
years and in Trump we have a charge Hall
hmm it's just embarrassing really
Donald Trump is Winston Churchill well
to be fair Churchill helped to defeat
the Nazis and Trump just declared
victory on the war on Christmas you say
tomato I say tomahto I see where you're
coming from Mike and Obama was Neville
Chamberlain
to who who who did he surrender to in
fact Trump came into office and said oh
he's not going to reveal a secret Isis
strategy for example because in reality
according to the leaks from inside the
White House it was the same as Obama
strategy
and I do remember that famous speech
that Trump gave we shall fight for the
rich in the streets we shall fight for
them in Congress we shall fight for them
at mar-a-lago but we shall never
surrender in fighting for the rich to
make sure they get their tax cuts yes
profile and courage Donald Trump is I
don't have to add anything Huckabee does
plenty well enough embarrassing himself
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network com /join
