for a long time Donald Trump promised
that the tax cuts they were gonna do was
going to be for the middle class not for
the rich in fact he had told CBS News
the rich will not be gaining at all with
this plan we are looking for the middle
class and we're looking for jobs jobs
being the economy okay so now he
actually said that someone else CBS News
reporting it right now but that was back
in in the fall and that's a quote that a
lot of people have shared obviously and
he was bragging about hey this is not
for the rich they will not be Guinea at
all you just saw it in the quote okay so
CBS News now with a new report saying
President Trump kicked off his holiday
weekend at mar-a-lago Friday night at a
dinner where he told friends quote you
all just got a lot richer referencing
the sweeping tax overall he signed into
law hours earlier what happened I
thought the rich weren't going to be
gaining at all now by the way that is
reported by people who were attending
that dinner at mar-a-lago so no Donald
Trump's a liar and the tax cuts were
always for the rich color me surprised
yes in fact behind closed doors as soon
as he gets to his private properties
that costs any tremendous amount of
money to be a member of he tells us rich
friends don't worry I delivered for you
in fact to give more context on that CBS
News said the president has spent many
weekends of his presidency so far at the
quote unquote winter white house as he
calls it where initiation fees cost
$200,000 annual dues cost $14,000 and
some of the most affluent members of
society have the opportunity to interact
with the president in a setting while
many Americans cannot so there's no
excuse said well I went to morrow law go
and talk to the middle class does do a
lot of people in the middle class have
$200,000 to throw away so they could
have fancy dinners with their other rich
friends let alone the 14 thousand a year
on top of that let alone all the things
that costs money inside that Club which
I'm sure is a jacilla expensive no
real friends with a rich and he just
delivered for them and he couldn't help
himself because he's Donald Trump so he
bragged to them hey guys I do I got you
all the money I took her from the middle
class and I gave it to you did I do a
good job
I remember what I liked to them and I
said I'd be doing it for them wasn't
that funny by the year 2027 according to
this law 53 percent of Americans will be
paying more in taxes not less let alone
the damage to the economy let alone the
redistribution of wealth overall let
alone the cuts that'll have to come and
so against Social Security and Medicare
which is now the Republicans that Paul
Ryan are bragging about cuts are coming
next put all that aside you're going to
be paying higher taxes by 2027 why cuz
the rich needed more taxes on top by the
way that 53% is not the rich it's coming
from the poor in the middle class your
tax are gonna get raised where is the
money going well let's take a look
Korean Tax Policy Center which is
nonpartisan eighty two point eight
percent of the bills benefit would go to
the top one percent so when he goes to
Mara Lago and shouts from the rooftops
that his rich friends can celebrate
Christmas because he just got them a
huge tax cut he's right eighty three
percent of the money from that tax cut
is gonna go to the top one percent who
doesn't need it at all and it's also
gonna go to corporations which is gonna
funnel it to their executives was or
almost all also in the top one percent
and they pretended that it was for you
what a sad sad joke it's the greatest
robbery in American history and Trump is
almost literally laughing all the way to
the bank at least laughing all the way
to Mara Lago you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
