Miss America has suspended their CEO Sam
Haskell amidst the publishing of many
emails that he sent between some of his
execs and board of directors over at the
Miss America Organization that reveals
some really disturbing ideologies that
Sam Haskell health now many of them many
of the emails that we're gonna discuss
maligned attacked slut shamed and fat
shamed a lot of the former Miss America
winners and contestants and many of
these emails are between him and the
lead writer of the Miss America pageant
telecast Lewis Friedman now one email in
particular that I think has stood out to
a lot of people who have been following
this story starts with Haskell writing
to Friedman saying I have decided that
when referring to a woman who was once
Miss America we are no longer going to
call them forever Miss America's please
change all script copy to reflect that
they are former Miss America's now Lewis
Friedman replied I'd already changed for
Evers to cunts does that work for you
now Haskell gave a short reply that came
quickly thereafter saying perfect and
then presumably he is laughing with that
next statement now there are a ton of
revealing emails within this expose that
you Charlie over at The Huffington Post
published just 24 hours ago and so I
implore you to read it talks about
different ways that he tried to hold
some of these former Miss America's back
including gretchen carlson who tried to
sort of undermine and get off the board
of directors but a lot of these emails
have to do with one particular former
Miss America Mallory Hagan who won the
crown in 2013 and after her reign she
started dating one of Haskell's
employees who is Brent Adams and so they
started dating but Haskell was very
upset about this because he wanted Adams
to date his daughter and so he decided
to take that out on Hagan particularly
in the form of talking about her weight
now Hagan was publicly fat shamed in the
press you can see that picture here and
then Friedman and Haskell started to
talk about this all right
so Friedman replied something to haskell
saying Mallory
preparing for her new career as a blimp
in the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade as she
continues to destroy her own credibility
her voice will attract less and less
notice while she continues her descent
to an unhappy pathetic footnote now
Friedman ended the email fps
are we for the only ones not to have
fucked Malory so he was able to
successfully Friedman was able to
successfully fat shame and slut shame
her in one email with the addition of a
PS now Haskell replied and said it
appears we are the only ones he then
wrote Hagen had slept with someone he
knew and he told the man's mother he
needs to have a blood test because we
lost count of the number of men she
slept with at 25 and he did not let go
of that shaming he emailed multiple
pictures of her saying oMG she is huge
and gross why does he want that
presumably talking about Adams so it's a
whole host of these sorts of emails now
this stories is really interesting to me
for a number of reasons right so these
emails were compiled by Brent Adams who
is the man that was involved and he
shared them with Dick Clark Productions
who puts on the Miss America pageant
months ago and so they disassociated
themselves because of the way that
Haskell was carrying himself in these
emails but the Board of Directors didn't
do anything and now that we have the me2
movement and these emails have
resurfaced and been made public a lot of
people came out you know calling on the
Miss America Board of Directors to have
him resign right so we had the mayor of
Atlantic City where they host Miss
America the CEO of the Miss excuse me
and then also 49 former Miss America
contestants including the winner in 1948
calling on him to resign just was in the
past 24 hours since this has been
published so it just shows you the power
that they need to movement has had on
treating women with respect and Dick
Clark Productions which is a huge part
of what puts on the Miss America pageant
they pay all their costs and they're the
ones that got it on ABC back on ABC
recently along with Haskell to be to be
fair to him as they say in the article
this story
a couple layers one is the atrocious
things they said so that doesn't require
much commentary cuz it's obvious I mean
that was terrible stuff right so and I
did the fat shaming she looks great to
the tomato that's crazy it's like if you
did it to me and say okay I get it
right but so although you shouldn't it's
an a whole thing either way but you're
absolutely right look great yeah so so
that part's obvious there but there are
a couple layers to this right obviously
somebody's leaking these emails for a
purpose and so if these like I don't
know how they are constrained the high
schools of the world but we're getting
one side of the story and that was
that's really bad really really bad if
they have another side they gotta go now
and maybe there is no other side maybe
that's not why they're saying that's why
they're not saying it it might be legal
reasons etc and yeah just just for some
clarification so Brent Adams who was
involved in all of this but you know he
works for the him for three years and he
basically said he didn't like the way
that they talked about women he was
really uncomfortable with the things
that were said and so at some point he
started collecting these emails because
he wanted to expose you know this sort
of repulsive rhetoric that was happening
behind closed doors to the world for you
know an organization that you know
regardless of where you stand you know
says that they support women and want to
lift women up and and all of that so
it's a little misleading right mm-hmm
yeah so and Haskell treated Adams in
such a bizarre way and you see it in
this very long story
for some reason Haskell wanted Adams to
date his daughter according to these
charges and and when he started dating
the Miss America winner instead he was
men and he said to him at one point
apparently when they were in his nice
house in Oxford Mississippi he's like
all of this could be yours if you date
my daughter what a weird preposterous
thing to say but I so but there is one
other aspect of it which is that so I'm
gonna ask you guys about this
so these are all private correspondence
so they were Haskell didn't say these at
Tammy Haddad none of them said it
publicly if they said it publicly you
know that and that's a totally different
situation I felt like I was peering into
their private conversations that I felt
awkward and uncomfortable about it I I
don't know is that if somebody what's
our standard on that I don't know I'm at
I don't I don't call women cunts in my
private conversations yeah I don't I
don't slut-shame I don't fat shame women
in my private conversations and
especially if you are a CEO of a company
and you were talking about the women who
are essentially working for you and and
you are you know part of an organization
that is supposed to empower women and
you're speaking about women in that way
I don't care if it's private or public
that's unacceptable yeah well I mean I
don't think I could argue with that and
they can make the point well by the way
did you see how much money this guy
makes his CEO of a Miss America he makes
half a million dollars a year yeah I
mean the I guess there's it's a real
machine this Miss America thing I mean
they're all these sub pageants to become
part of the main pageant yeah there's
something weird and and it gives you the
creeps that you're reading this stuff
also there are two aspects to that one
is that it's a private correspondence
but on the other hand that that's the
way people talk in private it makes you
a you know and again this is as a guy
like I don't know I I just don't do that
I don't refer to women that way and I
mean and but the crudity of private
correspondences is something that is
generally a you know a standard
deviation worse than the crudity of
regular speech so you're going to find
crude stuff in private correspondences
but then these days I would say don't
send any private correspondence that
you're not ready to have read publicly
either way this is this is way beyond
the pale especially for this
organization which is so dedicated to
helping women and
that's another question like are these
pageants really the way that women want
to to rise up and I would suggest well
it's been so successful in helping so
many women I guess it's more than just a
beauty pageant you know it's I mean I
think I hear what you're saying and I
think it is it's troublesome right
because it's it's spoken about as it's a
beauty pageant I do think that it has
evolved from that it's you know
definitely maintain some of the relics
of that but there's this like
double-edged sword in society where we
tell women that they have to be
beautiful to succeed and then we fault
them essentially for using that as a
means to succeed and I think that's
really troublesome well I think that
I've changed my position on this which
is look I kid around on the show about
how Mr Jamaica and I was proud that I
dated Miss Jamaica and all that stuff
but putting the kidding aside I don't
like this I think we're done with these
pageants because I mean we're talking
about like it's bad that they're judging
them on their appearance isn't that the
whole point of the pageant right let's
keep it real let's keep it real it's not
like they're doing SAT scores to find
out who's gonna be the winner they walk
around in bikinis so like so the whole
concept of like oh they were judging on
our yeah there's an ink I saw with my
own eyes there's an incredibly unhealthy
attitude attitude towards you have to be
very skinny and yet and it's not a
healthy eating standards and then we're
gonna judge you on your appearance I
mean by definition isn't that a giant
problem in today's world yeah I just
don't want to fault the women for
participating in it right because it's
not it's not like it's a patriarchal
system that's been set up right that
they are you know trying to essentially
play into because that's what how you
have to walk ahead and the world and so
I don't want to fault the women for this
right like this guy sucks and I think
wait wait wait we have to be fair okay
do it should we have this thing or
should we not have this thing I'm not
blaming the women at all it's look
someone I deeply care about participated
one yata etc I would never
that's but like are we doing this thing
or are we not doing this thing and I
think it's fair to say let's not do it
anymore because that's weird I think
it's a holdover I think it really is a
holdover another time and I also
understand that it's against I was
saying that many women have used it
successfully to advance their career or
whatever but there is an objectification
of women that we clearly aren't good
with anymore and so to that extent I
mean this idea that we have them parade
around in different outfits and we
evaluate their look and everything I
mean there is there is something that
gives me the creeps about that I don't
watch them anymore I mean I just don't
and and the best moments of these
competitions is when they ask these
incredibly complicated questions to Miss
America hopefuls and then they have to
respond in 30 seconds to a question that
the president the United States wouldn't
be able to handle ago so that has
something to do with their their body
Miss Universe they think it was Miss
America I mean that woman responded
about Charlottesville in such a like an
eloquent way in a poised way and look
like whether or not they should or
should not exist I think is a different
conversation right but I do think they
have helped a lot of women like that
women get scholarship money from them
they can you know use it to Perl a
different place in their career and
things like that
the Miss Peru pageant this years they
use their platform to talk about all the
domestic violence and violence against
women in Peru and in South America so I
think there are benefits that come from
Miss America and these sorts of pageants
in the way that they treat women I mean
the woman who came out against Donald
Trump says she learned how to you know
interview skills and she learned so much
from these pageants that helped her
propel her career because of them so I
don't want like I just I don't I think
that's a different conversation I think
what I do want to hone in on especially
when it comes to those specific emails
and when it comes to Haskell there's
something that really stood out to me in
these emails it's like when so Friedman
Lewis Friedman who was the one who said
constant who is the one who was
definitely the instigator of a lot of
the fat shaming and the slut shaming and
things like that like he has been he was
fired right when these emails first
became public months or a little bit ago
right now Haskell is a different story
because a lot of what he is doing is
laughing along
and I think this is a really important
moment since he has been suspended for
us to realize that complicity or
laughing along is the same as
culpability and I think we need to have
a reckoning in our country where we
recognize that you can't just sit quiet
and laugh all along when this culture is
hurting women and being you know
perpetuating and perpetrated by these
powerful men well talk to Billy Bush
about that I mean but but you know what
I so I think a they share the
culpability I agree with you I don't
think it's the same because I wouldn't
put Billy Bush in the same category as
Donald Trump he didn't commit to sexual
assault it was gross when he's like the
Donald scores was terrible right but it
is two different things
yeah no no and I'd agree with that and
just Puteri but but I think but it's in
that it's that umbrella which is now
your reaction is going to be coated as
well if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks show every day
