so some of you might have seen some blog
posts that I wrote eighteen years ago
that some people happen to find online
and I'm sure most of you didn't see it
but that's okay I'm gonna tell you about
it anyway and I know now more people
will see it but that's okay because we
learn and we grow on this show and
that's what we try to do together
and boy back then that I have a lot of
learning and growing to do so some of
the stuff that was written on there was
totally offensive insensitive ignorant
if you reading and go wow man you need
to learn a lot absolutely right so if
any of you have already read it I
certainly apologize to people who are
offended by it because you were right to
be offended and it was a young immature
guy back then trying to show how cool he
was by being edgy and politically
incorrect well what I didn't realize
back then and I think that I've learned
throughout these years is that being
politically incorrect sounds fun to you
I guess when you're a young guy like
that but not everybody sees it the same
way and if you're making jokes about sex
as I was you might see it a little bit
differently if you look at it from the
perspective of a woman who has been
harassed or assaulted then you look at
it from a completely different
perspective and understandably so what
we've been trying to do on this show for
the entirety of its existence is to
learn to empathize with one another and
look it is not an easy process and I've
said probably about a million times on
this show the hardest thing in the world
is is to escape your own perspective and
I wish I could go back to the younger
jackin and explain that to him and if
someone had written this stuff today I
would probably be harsher and
criticizing them on air and try to
explain that to them so look you guys
have seen me this was stuff that I wrote
before we started the Young Turks but
you guys have seen me involved with your
own eyes on the air on so many different
issues so I debated Mario Cuomo on the
Turks for about an hour when back when
we're on Sirius satellite radio I took
the position of being Pro death penalty
well that's her not to be massively
wrong it turns out at least 4% of the
people on death row were innocent so boy
if anyone's owed an apology it's
every pro-death penalty person should
apologize to the people who are innocent
on death row so look I can go on and on
I in the beginning I didn't believe in
climate change I had absurd ideas that
mold wasn't real Jesus
how weird is that and so I ever told you
dozens of times on the air I helped
pro-war rallies when I was in college
over it and terrible things in college
as well and and I think and I hope that
I've learned a lot from that and and
grown a little bit I wish I had grown up
a little quicker and learned to
empathize with people way earlier in
that I think that I've been on the road
to progress in justice for the last 15
years and again you guys have seen that
you've seen the movie mad as hell which
was a movie about this show you see my
transformation to from the public access
days to the radio days to the online in
TV days and so I'm asking for the people
who have read and we're rightfully
offended of course for your forgiveness
and for all of you your understanding to
some degree and and and I hope that we
continue to grow together on this show
and and start to and continue to spread
that empathy to everyone involved and
and I hope that for those folks again
who were rightfully offended that being
on the road to progress in justice never
fully arriving but but being on that
road is a good thing and that that it's
a positive note that we that we have
gone through this journey together so
for all the mistakes that I have made in
that journey and they are plentiful
including those blog posts of course I
apologize and by the way I deleted them
not yesterday when the news reports came
out but over a dozen years ago you know
why cuz I didn't stand by them I looked
at him and I was like that is
embarrassing that is totally wrong and
inappropriate so I think and hope again
that that folks can come to an
understanding where they say I think
this guy's getting a little better you
know and everybody's got a lot of work
to do it most especially me so again I
hope you guys understand that and that
we continue conversations on this show
that get us to a place where we see each
other's perspective
better and have more empathy towards
each other and I'm certainly trying hard
to do that
thank you for putting up with me for all
these years and through this as well
