we don't always have ambassadors to
countries these days but when we do they
put their foot in their mouth so this is
an amazing moment from our ambassador to
the Netherlands pizza Hoekstra he took
the job on December 11th he did an
interview when he was asked to explain
some of his statements about Islam in
the Netherlands and whether there were
no go cut areas of the country and he
gave a weird response calling of fake
news the video put together from the
news organization in the Netherlands
that he was doing the interview with
just is is so crazy priceless let's take
a look speaking of threats at one point
you mentioned in a debate that there are
no go zones in the Meadowlands and that
cars and politicians are being set on
fire and then I didn't say that
that is actually an incorrect statement
yeah we would call it fake news is that
I never said that but IV said no it's
not what I said the Islamic movement is
now gotten to a point where they have
put Europe into chaos chaos in the
Netherlands there are cars being burned
there are politicians that are being
burnt and yes there are no go zones in
the Netherlands so good even weirder
they press them like this so we have
called you out for saying it's fake news
and then we proved it wasn't fake news
they follow up on his having just called
it fake news here's his response to that
and look please at the interviewer when
he hears the response you call it fake
news obviously I didn't call that fake
news I didn't use the word this today no
no I don't think I do okay he looks like
can we roll the tape of meters yeah that
possible am I the one who took the crazy
billion right we don't have enough
playback machines for this thing but you
know I mean this is the post truth world
this is this is exactly what they're
talking about where you just keep online
no matter what like what you just said
fake there's no I did but you're on tape
saying we just play it back no you can't
you said the cars and politicians were
burning no I didn't cars and politicians
burning no it's wrong yeah like what
what do you do but that's exactly like
our overall macro dilemma here in
American and now it's spreading to the
rest of the world what do you do when
someone or a lot of people refuse to
acknowledge reality they just know they
don't care about the truth we and I
don't that doesn't compute then we're
talking different languages and I
literally don't know what to do with
that
that is the I'm so glad you mentioned
this because to me this is a real
serious issue and one of the great
things about TYT and you got in that one
tweet is that we tried to get all the
facts in and sometimes the facts are are
balanced in a way meaning that our
position is it always the one that
carries the day in some moment we try to
say well we try to be fair - yeah anyway
overall then that's the way dialogues
progress right that we have facts they
have facts they examine our facts we
examine their facts and then consensus
is actually reached but once you decide
that your facts are the facts and I
don't care about the other person's
facts in fact I'll even deny my facts
and the facts that and the fact that
I've said what what my facts are I mean
all of a sudden you're in crazy land and
now and that's where we are and it just
becomes identity politics and that's
what is being played out right there
that was hoaxed russain my the people
who support me don't care about the
truth at all so all this is irrelevant
you guys will have fun with it
it doesn't matter they will say they'll
look at them go oh yeah hoaxes are
nailed it
there yeah there was a there's a great
quote cuz hoaxer was born in the
Netherlands and his family emigrated to
America he was a builder wall build a
dam keep the water out that's what they
do in the Netherland or just anyway so
he moved out and he was a Republican
senator for a Republican representative
in Michigan for over for over a decade
and when asked what is it like for hat
for having an American ambassador to the
Netherlands who's actually from the
Netherlands one person said he's a
Dutchman but he's from the Netherlands
of the 50s because he has a meant a
number of
dishes that are just out of place in the
Netherlands now he's against same-sex
marriage gay rights abortion the death
penalty he's for the death penalty and
he's against refugees and and it's just
not he's not a popular person there it's
it's strange and I'm like you're an
ambassador standing up in front of their
media and just saying fake news and
lying like that is that is not a very
you know diplomatic thing to be doing
but the reference of the 50s puts him in
lockstep with where this country is now
right the the ruling leadership of this
country now is old white guys who are
making it nineteen fifty again that's
exactly what's happening and so he's
perfectly in concert with the
administration that he's serving yeah
the all the hats making America great
again doesn't mean great for everyone it
means making America nineteen fifty
again and the 1950s weren't great for
some people and they were terrible for
some people and that's exactly the 1950s
they want to go back to and Netherlands
bless their hearts has advanced way past
that so when you throw this barbarian
into their mix they're like what what is
this I don't know what to do it was this
time Trevor and honey here's my favorite
part of this poster when he was in
Congress served as the chair of the
House Intelligence Committee you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
