Nikki hailey is throwing a party for who
well for the countries that didn't vote
for the president's new Jerusalem policy
a hundred and twenty eight countries
voted in favor of condemning are moved
to recognize your Slim is the capital of
Israel as for everyone else
according to Michelle Nicholls the
Reuters UN bureau chief she tweeted this
the eight countries who voted no with
the US on the UN General Assembly
Jerusalem resolution the thirty-five who
abstained and the 21 who did not cast a
vote have been invited to a reception by
nikki Haley as a thank you for
friendship to the United States here is
a screen cap of the actual literal save
the date the Honorable nikki Haley
permanent representative United States
mission to the United Nation invites you
to a reception to thank you for your
friendship On January 3rd so a formal
invitation is to follow I just think
this is so weird
that there's like a new friendship
meeting that they're throwing for people
who sided with us but not just there's
only eight people who voted with us on
this there were people who abstain and
to be fair like abstentions from these
votes are typically like it they are not
just like I don't care they are I
abstained for reasons but also people
that just weren't there
yet to come to this New World Disorder
party well so it's a mixed bag yesterday
we told you
Canada felt like they had to vote
against the u.s. because Trump had gone
so over the top that they would seem
like his puppet if they voted with the
u.s. after the threats is he it would
seem like they came to his threats
so they actually switched their vote so
it's counterproductive in that sense but
I would imagine that a lot of these
countries who either abstained or did
not cast the vote want to get invited to
the party and they don't care about the
hors d'oeuvres at that party but the
party they're talking about is financial
aid that the u.s. gifts yeah so a lot of
them were tiny little islands some were
smaller countries in Africa they
desperately need the assistance so Trump
was able to bully some of the weakest
countries in the world I hope he's proud
it's great and then at this party you
will need to wear a nametag
because some people may not have heard
of these come I mean there's like Israel
I can count them right now Israel
Guatemala Marshall Islands Micronesia
Nauru Palau Togo and the u.s. some of
those countries are so small they have
micro in the name that's what it is and
then everyone gets and then there's
plenty that abstained and for various
reasons Mexico and Canada among them but
a lot of countries that are that are our
friends voted against us and they voted
to you know come down on us for our
decision to do that the whole thing with
the with this particular UN posture that
we've struck though is is kind of a
weird mix of the bully which is the
natural Trump move you know hey we're
gonna get you we're gonna we're gonna
pull our money and and that entire
posture which is consistent with Donald
Trump and then as Jen can read let's say
this sort of inducing your help or your
support I mean again from these very
small nations by bribing you which is
really the American Way and in truth
that's really the way we've done a lot
of foreign policy and pursued a lot of
foreign policy in this country for
decades maybe since you know for the
last century so it's the brutality it's
kind of the tough talk bullying on the
street part of this that has been
inconsistent with and certainly the
party is just crazy you're right I mean
it's like exotic drinks and pass around
you know for you know for the handful of
yeah it's just so so them does something
happen I just my reaction is what a
weird moment what a weird thing to do
and really what it does is you did
president drew a line in the sand is
like and P and it vibes with some people
to say like why are we paying for the
United Nations if they don't really give
us anything if people in it aren't are
going against us and I totally get that
that is a good message it's an effective
message but it's just so weird to then
have people afterwards who say all right
I'm calling your bluff then that's just
like you know someone open for China to
come in and be like you need a railroad
you need infrastructure you need us to
invest in your country and you know
it'll take you 40 50 years to realize
how you got screwed by
that but in the meantime we're paying
for stuff for you and then Russia
everyone gets to identify who it is
that's kind of you know on the chopping
block or at least up for grabs and look
there's logical strategic reasons for
why you would want to give money and not
give money instead of so for example we
give a decent amount of money to the
Palestinian Authority in the West Bank
number one because they're not Hamas and
they're not you know they've got they
keep the West Bank way more under
control than they do Gaza Strip number
two if they don't they go well I could
take away those hundreds of millions of
dollars and people panic so we the
largest recipient of US aid is Israel
but number two is Egypt the reason is
they did the peace deal and part of the
peace deal is hey you're gonna get a lot
of money Egypt for all these decades and
guess what they've had peace so and then
to Brett's point about hey what you know
what Trump always says what was the UN
doing for us anyway yes here nikki Haley
went up and said no I don't know why
Israel tolerates two UN you know what
does the UN ever done for Israel mmm
founded it if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
