the tax bill has been signed by
President Trump he essentially it was
originally planning to sign it in the
new year but then when reminded that he
made a promise to sign it before
Christmas hastily called some people
together at the White House and the Oval
Office and it's always interesting to me
at least to see what people say before
they sign a law and so here's video of
the president speaking to members of the
press about specific things that he
thinks are important inside this bill
the typical family of four earning
$75,000 we see an income tax cut of more
than two thousand dollars many much
higher than that slashing their tax bill
in half and they're gonna start to see
that because we're signing today they're
going to start to see that in February
the corporate tax rate is you know will
be lowered from 35 to 21 percent that
means that more products will be made in
the USA a lot of things are going to be
happening in the USA we're going to
bring back our companies that they've
already started coming back I think they
had certain confidence in me they
figured we're gonna get this done but
they have already started something very
important to me the family farmers and
small business owners who lost their
business because of the estate tax most
of them won't have any estate tax to pay
it will be a great thing for their
families you can leave your farm to your
family you can leave your business your
small business to your family not even
so small because the numbers are pretty
big so that's the his framing of the
estate tax is around small farms that's
what yeah you're good at your farm to
your family yeah so if you don't know
the estate tax me now that they've
doubled it means that you can leave
twenty two million dollars and none of
it will be taxed it's taxed above twenty
two million dollars
it used to be 11 million dollars so
let's just take the lower number because
that's what it used to be he's saying
well then when you had that tiny little
farm that was worth eleven million
dollars and then you had to pay taxes
above eleven million if it was worth
twelve million you had to pay taxes and
by the way it's not you you already paid
taxes on it it's not double taxation the
people you pass it on to who maybe
worked on it maybe didn't work on it at
all that are getting a gift will get
taxed for the first time but only if it
is above eleven million in the past
now it's got to be above 20 it ain't
small business and ain't small farms
it's giant
it's in some cases yes farming companies
etc but but overall rich people is what
the estate tax applies to and the if you
didn't understand what he was saying
about like some companies they're
they're coming back because they had
confidence I mean what do you what's he
talking about
well AT&T said that they're gonna give
like $1,000 bonus to I think about two
hundred thousand employees and Trump
immediately took credit for it an
eighteen he was happy to encourage that
because they'd like their merger of Time
Warner to be approved by Donald Trump so
yeah and then everybody criticized and
they said you know that they've been
working on that with the Union in
negotiations for a year so that's why
today he comes out it's like they had
confidence in me that's why they were
working on it already all right so there
was he signed the tax bill into law and
he did frame it that way he said like
this is huge for the middle class along
the way he mentioned one thing about
middle-class tax cuts based on you know
stats that he had cherry pick from it
but then the rest of what he said was
about big inheritances and corporate tax
loopholes so but now that it has been
things are in it like pass throughs the
repeal of the individual mandate he
doubled the standard deduction keeps the
carried interest loophole for you know
hedge fund managers what is what's next
now what now what should people be
looking toward now that they have passed
this tax bill well so they say and look
I gotta be fair right so when we talk
about nonpartisan analysis you got to
call it like it is I thought did the
amount that the middle class would get
would be a little bit lower but some
nonpartisan places have determined that
it might be as much as nine hundred
dollars so hey that's not bad a lot of
people gonna be excited about nine
hundred dollars by the way that's for
the first ten years after the first ten
years everybody's taxes under the income
of $75,000 go up not down they go up
your tax breaks go away and you get
burdened with more taxes but the
corporate tax cuts are permanent okay
but I just want to give you context the
time the same report said the top one
percent their average tax break will be
not $900 they'll be fifty
one thousand dollars see I can't quite
tell who's making out better can you
tell I'm not that good with math help me
out here it seems to me like the play
here is alright we are going to cut the
corporate tax rate we are going to do
that because that's what we've always
wanted to do the established Republicans
have been doing that but then it's like
we are we know they say it's to keep
them in in you know obeyence of the
rules of having to only take you know
50% of the Senate in order to pass it
but it seems like that 10-year window
before the raising of the taxes kicks in
is kind of a keep us around like you're
gonna need us Republicans around and
what about this strategy that like yes
we we have alienated a lot of people
this is a wildly unpopular tax bill well
but there is there is money as Jenks
says for the middle class in the short
term again they message really well I
mean it's clunky to us it seems sort of
obvious and stupid because it's
obviously it's a it's a kleptocracy
where that you corporate America has
just taken all this money off the table
but Trump hits the middle class and that
messaging is getting is getting down to
those people I mean I was reading some
stuff today all these people who are you
know that man on the street type stuff
where they talk to people and diners and
who have you know they supported Trump
they or against Trump whatever and they
all began to sort of regurgitate the
stuff that they'd heard the president's
saying at these different photo ops so
there's that okay which is this sort of
well it's going to trickle down we've
heard that a million times that's what I
was I was reading a lot about that and
there's also the fact that there is a
short term tax cut and so as those of us
who want to take the next election or
them the midterm I'm talking about have
to face the fact that some people may be
saying well wait a minute you know I've
got a little more money in my pocket and
I want to be clear about this and that
is certainly gonna happen is that as I
explained earlier but for about a third
of them in a class taxes will actually
go up a little bit because it depends
because they took away a lot of the
middle class exemptions and so for
example state local taxes you had it
basically an exemption for that it's
it's a little bit more complicated
number for some folks
and it's not a coincidence that more in
the blue states you will actually have
your taxes increased so for those folks
they're gonna be like
Trump keeps calling this a middle class
miracle yeah you like whoa that is quite
miraculous that somehow a tax cut led to
me having higher taxes was a little
weird miracle there so but for the ones
who do get the tax cut they might go oh
wow okay that's nice and that might
affect them a little bit which by the
way is you know how these guys always
said oh my god Obama just wants to give
money to the people that support him in
that voter form the Obama phones Obama
bonds you're just giving away fifty one
thousand dollars at a time to the top
one percent and trying to also buy off
people for the elections and don't
forget one more fact for you guys to
help one percent get eighty percent of
the money in this tax right the middle
class miracle is it's a miracle if the
middle class ends up buying this it
makes me feel like the image that comes
to mind is like I want to break into the
safe but there's a guard so I just throw
like forty dollars this way so the guard
runs away so I can go raid the bank for
the people I'm in cahoots with that's
what it seems like and for the religious
people out there it does feel like the
thirty pieces of silver to betray
everything that you stand for it seems
like they are going and giving the money
to the to the moneylenders out there and
the people and there they have more you
know designs Mitch McConnell we might
get into this later has designs on
repealing some dodd-frank regulations it
seems like they're just trying to pay
you off with chump change right now when
by definition if eighty-one percent of
the benefit goes to the highest earners
if there's this ridiculous carried
interest loophole that benefits hedge
fund managers they could have given you
more they act and if they cared about
you they would have given you more but
they don't the only thing that they've
proven is that they want to benefit
their donors so their donors will back
them in the ridiculously difficult
project they have coming up which is to
overcome the unpopularity of the
president so they want to appease their
donors so the money keeps rolling in and
then they just kind of want to piss on
your leg and call it right the last that
last point that Brett made is important
because as we look as we look at the
midterms and you're looking at
popular president is it may just be
about that donor money and so as Brett
says addressing the donors and just
soaking them with cash may allow you to
then go to them and say hey you know we
need your help coming up we got a we
don't want to lose these seats and to be
fair to trump he's actually doing really
well in raising funds for the Republican
Party with the donors the donor class
loves him and I mean if you just got
trillions of dollars you probably love
them too unfortunately you didn't which
leads me to my last point because
another thing that Brett said that was
so great one number one going after the
safest Brett described part of the safe
is Medicare Social Security and Medicaid
and on day one right after they pass tax
bill editorials coming out Paul Ryan
saying no no we're gonna have to control
the cost of entitlements because that's
what the real problem with the budget is
don't look at the money we just stole
we're gonna take it from your Social
Security and Medicare but secondarily so
if 80 percent of the tax cuts we're in
top 1% it's not like they don't know how
to write laws they could have written it
in a way where you got 80 percent where
the middle class got 84 some of the tax
cuts they chose not to do that so
there's a thousand different ways that
you could write it you can say hey it
only applies to these income brackets
yeah you don't have to do you double the
size of the estate tax you don't have to
do the pass-through income so that real
estate you know barons like a Trump and
bob Corker get all the money they could
have designed it so that it actually
gave the majority the money to the
middle class but they chose not to they
gave you just enough money to distract
you while they give away most of the
farm maybe literally in this case to the
rich and to the corporation's you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
