Attorney General Jeff Sessions is
absolutely not going to let his
obsession with marijuana die at a recent
Q&A with Department of Justice interns
jeff sessions was at the podium taking
questions from members of the crowd and
when one woman asked him you know why he
doesn't support any kind of restrictions
on guns even though they kill far more
people than marijuana in this country
sessions kind of lost track of his
thoughts there and offered this rambling
lying explanation to this young woman
take a look at how sessions responded to
this question you support pretty harsh
policies for marijuana and pretty laxed
gun control laws I'm not even sure what
you stand on the assault weapons ban so
I'd like to know
since guns kill more people than
marijuana why lacks laws on what apples
and oranges on a question I would say
first and foremost but the Second
Amendment you aware that
guarantees the right to the American
people to keep and bear arms and I
intend to defend that second amendment
it says valid as the first amendment and
so that's my basic philosophical view
about it look there's this view that
marijuana is harmless and it does no
damage I believe last year was the first
year that automobile accidents that
occurred were found to have been caused
more by drugs than by alcohol marijuana
is not a healthy substance in my opinion
the American Medical Association is
crystal clear on that
q do you believe that okay
so doctor whatever your name is so you
can write the AMA and see why they think
otherwise first and foremost let's get
one thing clear right off the bat one of
the biggest lies of what Jeff Sessions
just said which is the fact that the AMA
does not consider marijuana to have any
kind of medicinal benefits that's not
true for at least two years the American
Medical Association has stated as their
position that yes there are medicinal
benefits to marijuana so Jeff Sessions
can make fun of that woman and say
doctor whatever your name is all he
wants she was right and his demeanor the
way he was demeaning her was absolutely
inexcusable I mean that's what somebody
who doesn't understand what they're
talking about does he tries to make it
seem like oh well you're not a medical
professional you don't know what's going
on so I'm gonna trust the real doctors
well if that's the case then you're
still wrong because real doctors
disagree with you Jeff Sessions has a
very unhealthy obsession with making
marijuana illegal which kind of makes me
start to wonder did something happen in
your life buddy did something happen
when you were younger maybe your parents
caught you smoking marijuana and had
such a crazy outre
reaction that you just made it your
lifelong crusade to make this vial weed
illegal for everyone the fact of the
matter is that the reason weed is
illegal in the United States was because
back in the early part of the 20th
century testimony before Congress said
that white women who smoked marijuana it
makes them want to dance and sleep with
black men that happened in Congress and
that was one of the driving forces that
made marijuana illegal in the United
States a giant smear campaign based on
absolute lies and Jeff Sessions just
can't let go of that we all know that he
holds some pretty strong racist beliefs
and I'm assuming that he's seen that
congressional testimony and that's what
he is basing his entire belief system on
today we have seen what has happened in
the communities in the states and cities
where marijuana has been legalized not
only has teen usage of marijuana
actually dropped but the economies are
doing great because of the additional
revenue from marijuana as well as
marijuana tourists coming to those areas
at this point we have to look forward as
a society we have to understand that you
know what we've made some mistakes and
perhaps making marijuana illegal in the
first place was one of those mistakes
I'm not advocating everybody go out just
start getting high all the time but I do
think that this should be a choice just
like consuming alcohol or smoking
tobacco basically the combining the two
one that alters your mental state
temporarily the other that might damage
your lungs and maybe we're gonna find
out along the road that yes smoking
marijuana probably does have some impact
on your lungs probably nowhere near as
bad as smoking tobacco does but as of
right now we don't know that all we know
is that because of a smear campaign that
took place decades ago marijuana is
illegal in idiots like Jeff Sessions
want to make fun of people who have the
audacity to question his beliefs on that
one issue thanks for watching and if you
like what you see here on Ring of Fire
we encourage you to subscribe to
our channel you can see the little
subscribe button down there but if
you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
