over the last three years there's been a
spike in the number of people being
killed by police officers both in the
field and in police custody this growing
crisis gave birth to the black lives
matter movement but the problem goes
even deeper than what most people
realize Americans are now all too
familiar with the names like Michael
Brown or Eric garner as well as Sandra
bland and Freddie gray those names have
become synonymous with the abuse that
takes place against citizens by police
officers but there's some very important
differences in these cases and the main
difference being that bland and gray
were killed by officers after being
taken into custody they were already in
custody and that's part of the police
brutality story that most people don't
know about in the six-year period
between 2003 and 2009 an estimated 3,000
arrests related homicides of African
Americans alone occurred in the United
States and 99 percent of those were
committed by police officers 99 percent
of all of those homicides
however the Justice Department has told
us that the number of people of all
races killed while in police custody is
unlike it's much higher they know it's
not it's higher but they don't know the
exact numbers because the reporting of
those homicides is left to the police
and jail personnel or under reporting or
mislabelling homicides is a common
practice in the u.s. one of the more
egregious recent cases involving Matthew
a G bday a 22 year old bi-polar college
student Georgia was tased while he was
in a restraining chair in 2015 and he
died while he was still strapped into
the chair while they were tasing him
again and again and again this video
from a camera attached to the Taser
shows a G bidet in the restraining chair
you can see where the red dot is which
is the light from the taser that's
pointed at his torso in his groin as if
they were intending to kill this guy
it's important to understand that other
Western countries they don't have this
kind of problem in the year 2014 police
officers in the United Kingdom for
example only killed one person in that
same year Canadian authorities killed 14
in German police officers German police
officers didn't kill a single person the
problem is only getting worse as
American police officers continue to
operate with a wild west a crazy Wild
West mentality partly because they only
receive about a quarter of the training
that officers in other countries receive
and mostly because we're too willing to
put all of our confidence into these
people that are sometimes woefully under
trained
you
