bob Corker ended up supporting the GOP
tax bill despite his previous promises
that he would not vote for it if it
added anything whatsoever to the deficit
and thanks to great reporting by david
sirota we found out that right around
the time he switched from a no to a yes
a provision was added to the bill that
will end up benefiting him financially
in a very significant fashion now corker
doesn't appreciate that reporting and he
certainly doesn't appreciate the
discussion around that reporting and so
he went on TV and had this to say the
president called yesterday we had a warm
conversation about numbers of issues I
told him that I'd had a healthy respect
for the media I deal with them all the
time and you know to to attack the media
has not been something I've done but I
had a newfound empathy for him in
watching how a totally debunked story
the by everybody involved the warren
hatch Kevin Brady the guys that actually
wrote this bill knew I had nothing
whatsoever to do with it but then you
have this reporter who says this all of
a sudden people that I respect in the
news media New York Times Wall Street
Journal Washington Post people start
printing this as if it's true a social
phenomena so Shiell media phenomenon
generates from this and I've never ever
in my life used the word fake news until
today I actually understand what it is
the president has been dealing with and
look I'm sorry
I've witnessed it firsthand
it is not good I know other people have
witnessed the same look I as I mentioned
them just have a newfound empathy for
what he and others have been dealing
with in this regard Wow
so suddenly you know he's not so
anti-trump when it comes to the fake new
stuff now I do I look I honestly I feel
a little bit bad his feelings have been
hurt
I mean it's balanced a little bit by the
fact that he'll end up making millions
off of this change at the tax code so
that can make him feel a little better
but really really fast I just want to
catch you up on what he has said
previously about Trump and the spec new
stuff now part of the reason they had a
feud was Donald Trump once tweeted this
about the Iran deal people like little
bob Corker have set the u.s. way back
now we move forward that was back in
October but already feels like forever
ago we do have to remember that the
President of the United States called a
sitting senator little so he did that
and bob corker has said at various times
the president has great difficulty with
the truth on many issues I think world
leaders are very aware that much of what
he says is untrue and when his term is
over I think the DES basing of our
nation the constant non truth-telling
and the just the name-calling the things
that I think that a basement of our
nation is what we will be remembered
most important and that's regretful but
now it was fake news you know he was
right to call it fake news the whole
time
okay so let's break down what bob Corker
is saying because he's doing a trick
there that I I need you to understand
he's complaining to different things so
the report that came out I B times Josh
Keefe and david sirota Schroeder's also
TYT contributor they wrote this for IV x
did not say bob Corker went to orrin
hatch and Kevin Brady and made them
change the bill they never said that
he's actually it's bob Corker doing fake
news there what they said was
indisputably true and bob Corker I would
imagine also acknowledges this but I
don't know now maybe he's playing the
president's game now that he got caught
red-handed in a sense so what they said
was this provision was not in the House
or Senate bill before before they went
into what they call commit
they take two two different versions
make it one version so they both go vote
on the same bill they go into committee
it's not in either version and then all
of a sudden in that committee they add
this new provision now that new
provision helps a number of people
including bob Corker cuz he happens to
have a real estate business and that
provision is specifically a real estate
loophole okay now the other person that
it helps by the way Mendeley is Donald
Trump so after they add that new
provision bob Corker who had always been
in know
switches to a yes now people go hmmm I
wonder if that had something to do with
it but they're not saying bob Corker
went to warren hatch and grabbed him by
the ear and said put this provision in
so I can get rich okay no now if he
can't see why it would raise eyebrows
that he switches vote at that same exact
time he's being wildly disingenuous if
he said instead look I get it man it
looks like this thing benefits me to the
tune of millions of dollars and I made
my decision right around then doesn't
look great but I assure you that I
really did not have any to do with that
and here's my other reason for voting
for it you know what he says other what
he says is his real reason for voting
for it he went for a quote a long walk
now maybe he did maybe maybe he went
around and I could see that yeah yeah
there's a long walk to people who
assured him that he'd soon be even more
wealthy than yesterday yeah a long walk
maybe to pick up a donor cheque right so
so what what do I think happened because
we know the facts are what the Ivy Times
reported they added the provision it
helps bob Corker a lot he switches his
vote okay now that doesn't mean again
that corporate causal that is causal
right so I think what happen is they
probably added the provision not for
corker but for Trump because the 16
other senators too that'll benefit
France right they like it and the people
who decided it's 13 of the people who
decided in that committee also benefit
from this they all benefit from it okay
that's a weird coincidence that is a
weird coincidence right so now my guess
is that bob corker was always going to
vote yes so Bob let me be clear about my
opinion on it I think you were always a
liar
I thought you I think that you pretended
to care about the deficit you never
actually cared about the deficit in fact
I said well before you quote-unquote
change your mind on your long walk that
you would vote yes whether this
provision was in there or not in there
you know why because like all the other
politicians especially Republicans you
serve your donors so your donors told
you to vote yes you are always going to
vote yes what did you discover on your
long walk maybe you didn't discover this
new loophole maybe that's like frosting
on top for you oh hey look at this extra
couple of million dollars I got but you
what you always knew and what you
contemplated on your walk was how is
this gonna play out for all the people
who put me in office and those people
who put you in office want their goddamn
tax cuts and you were always gonna give
it to them Bob and that's the reality
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
