so there's a witch-hunt against Jill
Stein and her campaign
NBC News I quoted earlier in the show as
talking your so-called Russia expert
saying well she seemed to agree with
Russia on Ukraine and and and she went
on RT a couple of times so did hundreds
of Republicans Democrats and moderates
and they got nothing they got nothing
she once went to a dinner did she get
any money no did she get anything out of
it no did she tell you she went to that
dinner did she give you transparency yes
I don't care I'm gonna smear her anyway
so I can dissuade any other third party
from ever running again against the
anointed leaders of the Democrats the
Republicans so well
Dennis Trainor jr. is a person who
worked on Jill Stein's campaign was a
communication person there for a number
of months he also was briefly part of
the TYT Network he had his own channel
on there those are independent and we
don't do we don't touch their editorial
at all okay so we reached out to him to
see what's going on here in in this
regard and it wasn't me our tea party
investigates T Michael Tracy the
reporter in this story and he explains
that Lestrange jr. a former senior
staffer for Green Party candidate Jill
Stein's 2016 presidential campaign says
he is weighing whether to comply with a
directive to turn over correspondence
related to the Senate Select Committee
on Intelligence 'iz investigation of
alleged Russian interference in the 2016
election so basically saying hey you
want me to play ball with you guys this
is an illegitimate I'm now putting words
in his mouth but it sounds like he's
saying I'm not sure about the legitimacy
of it there so let me go to his direct
quote so you get it exactly right he
said I think this represents a
tremendous overreach he went on to say
and I think the length of the people on
the Senate committee are making is that
any link to RT America unless you're
Larry King I guess means that you're
either witting or unwitting fool for the
Putin administration so I believe that's
their argument I believe they're casting
a very wide net
yeah are we really investigating Larry
King he was on RT are we gonna go and
find out if he's a Russian agent we're
gonna go ask
everyone who's on RT or whoever appeared
on RT are you a Russian agent give me
all your emails let me go on a fishing
expedition to smear you and see if I can
find something else and then maybe ruin
your life okay
all right look do I think Larry King did
anything wrong absolutely not
but Larry King is respected he's part of
the establishment you asked for his
records then I say oh okay then maybe
you you have a look legitimate
investigation list then maybe you could
ask for everybody's records by the way
don't ask for any of the records I
didn't do anything wrong by going on Rd
and neither did Jill Stein this is
insanity
yes this is a witch hunt okay trainer
went on to say nothing that happened
between the stein campaign and the RT
station or vladimir putin's russia rises
to the level of any criminal intent I
don't believe that Jill Stein was in any
way colluding with Vladimir Putin or
anyone else to shift the election to
Donald Trump and to me that seems
perfectly obvious then we talked to Jill
Stein about this and she said as Michael
Tracey explains former 2016 Green Party
presidential candidate Jill Stein told
TYT to she will urge members of her
now-defunct campaign to comply with a
Senate Intelligence Committee
investigation examining alleged Russian
interference in the 2016 presidential
election so Trainor is saying he's not
sure he's gonna comply because he thinks
that it's a fishing expedition basically
and now Stein is saying that that hey
listen let's work with them in every way
that we can in fact she went on to also
say quote our intent is to err on the
side of transparency here and to address
this question of our interactions with
Russia so she's going out of her way to
be even more transparent we'll have the
links to those articles down below in
the description box on YouTube usually
also there's an eye on the corner on
youtube if you move your button there
your mouse there you'll see a button
that gets to the links the articles that
we are referring to on Facebook it'll be
in the comment section so read the
articles for yourself see the quotes
from Jill Stein and Dennis Trainor jr.
but are they is Dennis right in my
opinion to be a little concerned about
this fishing expedition yes the so far
publicly has anyone gotten a shred of
evidence about the Green Party no are
they
going after the green party because they
challenged the beloved Hillary Clinton
it certainly appears that way there's a
lot more evidence of that than Jill
Stein working with the Russians it's
it's disgusting what they're doing here
and and like I said in an earlier story
all it does is actually put any of these
investigations into doubt in the first
place but by the way let me be super
clear about something it's not Muller
asking for any of this okay it's either
I and I don't know if it's Democrats or
Republicans in Congress I wouldn't be
surprised if it was Democrats are this
third party how dare they run against
Hillary she woulda won she woulda won if
it wasn't for those rascally kids so
it's it's those politician hacks that
are looking into this so don't like as
frustrated as I am and I'm sure a lot of
you are about what I consider to be a
witch hunt here it is being led by
politicians it is to the best of our
knowledge right now not Muller's team
that's doing it what you just watched
was just one of the clips we did today
on The Young Turks get the full two
hours show commercial free anytime you
want by becoming a member
tea white tea network.com /join
