our social justice warriors ruining Star
Wars now this is a theory this weird
thread that's going around and it
started with this let's look at the
graphic it's the rotten tomato meter
versus the audience score now if you
look at the top critics 93% of the
critic or of all critics approve of this
film that is the percentage of critics
you like to film 93% and then the
audience score however is 54% now this
happens a lot but usually not with giant
blockbuster films usually for giant
blockbusters - critics hate it and the
audience is like that's not that bad so
folks started looking around to see why
this might be and certain people have
kind of glommed on to a message that
says that essentially social justice
warriors are ruining the film we'll go
with the first quote here that is the
comments are littered with one-star
reviews that read politically correct to
the point of boredom about the film sjw
propaganda and I'm frustrated that
feminism and diversity have made their
way into this film this is ruined Star
Wars for me as well as my kids keep
liberalism out of it and stop ruining
once good things pointed out by Martin
domini of the Telegraph we also have
Matt at UT formerly of Rotten Tomatoes
head honcho over there now
you know you know him here of course
from what the flick hello so have this
conversation yeah so Matt first of all
when you ran Rotten Tomatoes weren't
this would have stuck out right though
this would have been a strange situation
where because the critics are usually
tougher on movies than the audiences
right typically that's not always the
case
sometimes you'll end up with a movie
that the critics like like drive that
the audience doesn't like as much but
that's usually a case of the marketing
materials not giving the audience what
or giving them something to expect that
was different than what they delivered
because drive if you remember those
trailers made it look like Fast &
Furious in that movie is slow and
serious
but you know I don't really ever even
and you know this from when I was still
there I never put much stake in audience
scores for a couple of reasons not the
least of which you have no idea that
anyone is seeing the movie itself in my
mind there's three types of bullshit in
the world there's there's general
run-of-the-mill civilian bullshit
there's what comes out of the White
House these days and then above that is
any numeric representation of an
audience reaction to a movie because
it's bullshit it's just not a scientific
poll people can just go on and actively
say like I hate this movie because I
read that we're supposed to and we'll
just do well there's some of that and
also in 2014 when Kirk Cameron's saving
Christmas movie came out that got a
wonderful zero on the tomato meter and
he went on Facebook telling his fans to
go on the audience score and vote it up
so ultimately can it be manipulated by
somebody's kind of social agenda
absolutely and so you've got people on
the right who are really upset about
representation in the movies and I think
they're lashing out and marking this
movie down because it's hey let's not I
only want to see white men in my movies
yeah so I guess so there's there's two
different layers here one layer is the
so-called mystery of who voted down the
movie and why they did so right I read a
really long explanation well it's
because some people didn't like to joke
so they were some of the fans were
disappointed because they didn't follow
their theories as much as ever no no
none of that happened no one down voted
it to this degree because it told too
many jokes no this is political and this
is troll 101 so if you're not familiar
with the internet and you're just a
movie critic you might be like oh it
could have been a couple of different
reasons
no this is this is exactly what trolls
do right and to the credit of the film
itself it got higher box office returns
throughout the weekend it wasn't one of
those things where word-of-mouth got out
and it started tanking we'll see more
next week but I will go out on a limb
here and say that this star wars episode
eight is going to do just fine and that
people by and large will really really
enjoy it
nobody buy any other metric and
including the most important one which
is box office results people love it
it's yet another stupid right-wing thing
on the internet where they get way too
much attention when they're minuscule
minuscule minority so in reality there
aren't a lot of people like oh my god
Star Wars had too many minorities and
too many women I just will not go so
it's like seven alright troll oh my god
so I read this article first of all by
Martin Donny who you look it up he's a
friend of mine long innopolis so let's
take anything he says in that context
right cuz if you're a friend with my
load then your your point of view is
suspect at best I the other issue is
look like you want to complain about
liberalism and Star Wars look at the
first trilogy the Empire is all
exclusively evil white dudes dressed
like Nazis and the rebels are the ones
who have like aliens fighting with them
right are they illegal aliens I do feel
good according to that Empire they
absolutely are Lucas has said over and
over again he said in 81 that during a
story conference that the emperor was
supposed to be Nixon in 20 and a 24 in a
2005 interview with the Chicago Tribune
he had said that he conceived of the
original Star Wars as an allegory for
the Vietnam War in that the rebels are
basically the Vietcong fighting this
technologically overwhelming force and
they win so you know you got to look at
Lucas coming out in the 70s in the
environment you know ten years after the
summer love he's or a few years after
you know he's this he's got his liberal
Sensibility that's against the
establishment and the establishment at
that time is that ill-fated Nixon
administration that dragged dust into
Vietnam and and so there's a liberalism
baked into Star Wars to begin with so
for somebody to say oh there's too much
liberalism
in a now I'm sorry did you not watch any
of these other movies yeah also like the
feminist angle Leia runs the whole like
she's in charge of the resistance says
on a highly amusing online threat called
is Star Wars The Force awakens the
previous film feminist propaganda one
commenter claims rey does not need to
work at anything she's naturally awesome
just by being a woman that commenter
writes before adding the male support is
bumbling and has an episode of acute
cowardliness like did you watch the
first one Leia has her stuff together
the boys show up and she's like
someone's got to save our skins and then
she gets everybody out of the situation
she's the level-headed one and then the
bout of cowardliness like they they may
yell at Han for leaving like taking the
money and running and then he has to
have like a change of heart not to spoil
a film from the late 70s to come back
and help the resistance then they didn't
they rescue him in the third movie he's
the damsel in distress yeah yeah and and
by the way it is not unfair to men poe
and finn in this latest movie are
incredibly heroic and and so I don't
like finn is black so I guess that
doesn't count I mean you're so we're
talking to a bunch of weirdo races what
we're having this conversation right and
I don't know what poets you know both in
real life I don't know exactly Isaac and
he's Latino he's Latino
well well then he's out right that's
what it is for decades we've had all
these hero stories that are that are
white dudes almost exclusively and now
we have to see oh my god now we have to
see other representation in our hero
stories forget it I can add on its they
haven't said they say it's different but
they don't say what about the difference
is bad they're saying that changing the
formula makes it bad but they're they
were they were white dudes for no reason
and you could say like now they're
they're they're mixed races for no
there's no really for for
representations sake but this is
different
and it's not worse its conservatism in a
nutshell right like we want the same
thing to be like it was because it
worked for us and it made us feel
special and god forbid we have to share
that and they're just painting that's
such a great point by Matt and
and the whole evil empire is a fascist
evil empire so if you root for fascism
sorry there's not gonna be a lot of
movies that are on your side you don't
because they want to sell tickets and
people don't like to root for the evil
empire okay sorry
that's just that's not human nature so
and I guess they fancy themselves the
good guys I don't know how they make
that like old racism is awesome that
we're being racist as good guys know
their place yeah the aliens I don't know
why they weren't pressor I get Luke
Skywalker in hustle we're white dudes I
guess were they mad at the original Star
Wars because of Yoda what is this green
alien doing here he's green what is that
mother earth yeah so get over it and no
one should ever pay any attention to
these absolute clowns Star Wars by the
way I thought it was a great movie yeah
and I didn't like it because it was a
liberal plot where goodness actually
wins is not a bet it's not a liberal
plot and if you think it is there's
something wrong with you then you're
admitting that your side are the bad
guys yeah it's the same and they all
want to write this slippery slope
paragraph the truth is that identity
politics is the Kryptonite that saps the
joy out of all it touches
how long before Harrison Ford comes out
as trans solo what price of a zero
emissions Millennium Falcon will Jabba
the Hutt be called out for fat shaming
the obese this is the exact same framing
I did a video a while back about the gay
character in in Beauty and the Beast and
they were like wow long before there's
Pinocchio as sex with some gender-fluid
dwarves they just want to run and it's
so easy and it's such a lazy argument
and they just want to get people to be
like all right let me go vote no on
Rotten Tomatoes we could do two hours on
just the liberalism in Star Wars and how
people are so wrong about the messaging
and why they're upset about it but I
know that we are almost out of time yeah
so look that the great irony here is
Star Wars didn't do Jenner identity
politics they just had a black guy and a
Latino and a woman in the movie which is
what the world is there's black people
why people Latinos men and
right they're the ones doing general
identity politics exactly the maths
earlier point which is why aren't all
the good people white man
oh you guys are doing gender identity
politics if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
