yesterday a miracle happened in Virginia
during a recount of a State House seat
it ended with the Democrat Shelley
Simmons winning by a single vote and
causing a tie for control of the state
legislature one vote the difference
between winning and losing and that the
difference between Republicans being in
control the Statehouse or being locked
50:50 a miracle that lasted less than
one day because unfortunately judges
thrown out the whole thing a three-judge
panel declined to certify the recount of
a key House race today saying that a
questionable ballot should be counted in
favor of the Republican and tying a race
that Democrats had thought they'd won by
a single vote so this one questionable
ballot was enough to change the result
of this election circuit court judge
Bryant sug said the ballot in question
contained a mark for Democrat Shelley
Simons as well as a mark for Republican
delegate David Yancey but that the voter
had made another mark just strike out
Simon's name of course they don't have
the voter there so they're sort of
assuming that that's what that secondary
mark was meant to accomplish that had
originally that ballot had been in
question before but previous judges who
talked about it allowed it to go through
as a vote for the Democrat the court's
decision leaves the race for the 94th
district tied at 11 thousand six hundred
and eight votes each for Yancey and
Simon's and once again creates a 4951
split in power for the Republicans so
now you might think well if they have
the exact same number of vote so what do
you do do you have another election no
nothing as sophisticated or complicated
as that James Alcorn the chairman of the
State Board of Elections said the winner
will likely be chosen by drawing a name
out of a glass bowl if the loser of the
coin toss are effectively what amounts
to a coin toss is unhappy with that
result he or she can seek a second
recount and maybe I'm crazy I don't know
these people but I'm betting whichever
way it goes there will be a recount yeah
I I'm picturing hobby just do the just
do another recount yes the whole bowl
coin thing is insane
like I'm picturing their opponent oh I
lost the coin toss well golly gee I
guess I'm going home
yeah nobody's gonna do that okay no I
could see a Democrat doing it but Gore
so well Joe we he fought it all the way
to the Supreme Court yes that's true
that's true
we now know for a fact that every vote
matters yes now look I get super
frustrated and especially the national
level I think that we've lost our
democracy in a lot of ways because first
the donors picked it who you're gonna
vote for and then in the general
election you always have a lesser of two
evils etc right but at the state level
no often there is and I've said this a
million times because I've experienced
it at Wolfpack we're trying to get money
out of politics and we're at the state
level now oftentimes Republicans a lot
of Republicans vote to get money out of
politics and and they actually care they
actually listen to their constituents
Democrats that Republicans do and hear
you there's not that much money drowning
a race like that you've got a real race
and it turns out it's decided by one
vote or less that's a tie but every
single vote mattered because if one less
Republican has shown up she would
clearly be the winner if one less
Democrat has showed up he would clearly
to be the winner
yeah so as long as I did good penmanship
yeah and no and it's amazing because
it's not just one isolated case of of a
single election but it affects the
entire balance of power yeah so one
person in Virginia decides one of the
Republicans or the Democrats control the
whole state legislature that's amazing
yeah like the expansion of Medicaid
could depend on one guy saying I'll
pause stranger things I'll go vote I'll
come back and watch it by the way if you
didn't get out there and vote for Simons
well you're the devil but you might have
cost the Democrats the state you just
watch the video by the young turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
