take a look at Ted Cruz and his
excitement upon passing the bill and who
he's willing to attack even in his
moment of triumph the irony of all the
high dungeon from our democratic friends
pounding the table about this as a tax
cut for the rich the only people whose
taxes are going up or they're really
rich the middle class their taxes are
all going down the working class their
taxes are going down every taxpayer
their taxes are going down except rich
people in Manhattan and San Francisco
some of them their taxes may go up and
you see this Kabuki theater of senators
on the Democratic aisle pretending we
must defend the rich people by claiming
we're defending the working-class well
mr. president
the facts are the facts of the facts and
the facts are the taxes for the working
class are going down of a single word of
that is true yeah of all the Liars in
Congress Ted Cruz is the worst and the
most abhorrent he uses Greece as he says
one lie after another so number one
about a third the middle class is
getting an immediate tax increase number
two it was in ten years everyone making
under $75,000 would get a tax increase
number three 80% of the tax cuts are
going to the top one percent number four
the guys in New York that he's referring
to actually a lot of them work in
finance and Trump said that he would get
rid of their loopholes he didn't he kept
the loopholes on top of that they added
loopholes to corporations they said they
were gonna take away all the loopholes
for corporations not only did they not
do that they added loopholes yeah so at
the end of the day actually they're
really rich in New York in San Francisco
they they probably you know some of them
because half of them are liberals might
not like Ted Cruz but right now they're
laughing guard hey Dad I got bad news
for you we're getting wonderful
wonderful tax cuts but of course Ted
Cruz knows that they won't do as well as
the rich in some other places because of
course if they're paying higher state
taxes the cap on deductions for state
and local taxes mean that they won't be
able to benefit as much certainly but I
mean they literally took the top tax
bracket and took it down to 37% they
lowered it and that same day he
on TV and says the only people paying
more taxes are the wealthy and that
video he'll run he'll run for president
again in you know if Trump doesn't if
you know he's like got something else to
do he's in jail or something Ted Cruz is
gonna run for president and that clear
lie it's literally disproven by the
words written in the bill will mean
nothing yeah let alone the pass-through
tax which most rich people will use and
actually pay in the 20s not anywhere
near 37 percent oh there's me a lot of
new corporations coming up in the next
few years they're gonna have one
employee each there's gonna be a lot of
new corporations yet let alone either
the state tax cut doubling of the
exemption let alone the corporate tax
cut which then helps retreat bill I mean
let alone the real estate loophole all
these things all designed for their
donors and one last thing about Ted Cruz
and and so some of the Republicans and
some of the corrupt Democrats are
knuckleheads and they get themselves to
actually believe it and Paul Ryan is
given credit for being smart no I really
think he's one of the Dumber guys there
is and like that that press conference
worried about health care really proved
it where he just doesn't even understand
the concept of health insurance he's
like and then the healthy pay for the
poor what a crazy system that's
insurance that's insurance you idiot
right but Cruz actually is relatively
intelligent that's what makes him more
smarmy and a worse guy he knows the
depths of his lies so I'll here's the
point I want to make about that Ted
Cruz's number one donor during the last
presidential run was Robert Mercer
Mercer had given him thirteen million
dollars you know who Robert Mercer is he
is a hedge fund guy out of New York City
and Mercer gave all that money to Ted
Cruz and then later to Donald Trump why
he wants giant tax cuts which might save
him literally billions of dollars yeah
we broke that down a couple weeks ago
and so that's Ted Cruz's number one
donor he knows who his number one donor
is so and he knows that he works in New
York or in at least in the tri-state
area right and he knows that he just
gave him billions of dollars that he's
going to redistribute from the middle
class to his donor Robert Mercer so but
gups comes up there and go does this
smarmy speech about as if he's like mr.
regular guy from Texas yes ago we're
gonna get the rich people in New York in
San Francisco and then he goes backstage
and laughs and laughs and probably hugs
it out with Robert Mercer saying yes
once again we screw it over the American
people on behalf of our donors that's
who that sad sleazy ted cruz's the only
thing that makes me happy about Ted Cruz
whenever I see him now I always think of
the picture of him phone-banking
for Trump like a broken man like a
pathetic beta puck that he is Wow you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
