clearly there were a number of reactions
from political pundits following the
hearing involving dr. Blasi Ford and
Brett Kavanaugh but one reaction really
stood out for how incredibly insensitive
and deplorable it really was and it
involved a man by the name of Kevin
Jackson he's apparently a Fox News
contributor and on Twitter he said the
following in regard to the accusers in
the Brett Kavanaugh case so while
Christine Bosley Ford was testifying he
said Dan girl stop opening your legs and
open a book Wow unbelievable and he also
included in the beginning academic
problems came from her promiscuity these
guys are such bad guys the only good
news out of that is that they're so
vomitus that they turn off almost the
entire country well how bad a guy do you
have to be to write that but he's not
done yet he's got more let's go to the
next one it wasn't challenged because
leftist women are skanky for the most
part more will be sued and made to pay
for their lies grow up pop Oh
referencing the tweet dead right right
okay let's take a look at the next one I
disagree feminists are their own worst
enemies and enemy of women also they
want men to never be believed
I'm not succumbing to hell with the
notion that women must be believed no
matter what lying skanks is what these
three women are and we all know more how
do you know more were you there Kevin
and so that's pretty classy to call dr.
bossy Ford who is a psychology professor
a skank even the Republican senators had
enough sense to know that she was
credible and they called her that how
did she watch that in the morning have
all the fun
even almost all the Fox News hosts who
talked about it stuart varney exception
say oh yeah wow that was devastating
that was really credible but this fox
news guy kevin jackson looks at and goes
oh yes gank knew she was lying all along
close your legs yeah gee i wonder if you
were bias from the get-go i can't quite
and one more tweet for you I mean it's
incredible because usually after one of
these disgusting tweets there would be
enough backlash to convince the
individual that hey maybe this is a bad
idea and maybe I should retract this and
apologize but no he doubled down the
next one Democrats latest great feminist
hope against Kavanagh admits to
attending 10 gangbangs where Kavanagh
waited his turn something tells me that
sweat Nick wasn't at these parties for
the drinks hashtag dragging bottom of
the barrel bottom of barrel well that
the last hashtag is the only accurate
thing I mean he is dragging the bottom
of the barrel
so he's claiming that the third accuser
went to the parties to get gang-raped
that's a Fox News contributor okay so I
mean look guys there's a high emotions
on all sides you saw it with the
Senators you saw it with the people
testifying but I believe there's got to
be a balance of reason and you know I'm
not in the business of telling them what
to do with their business but that's a
really bad guy and and and seems
incredibly personal for him and the idea
that he thinks he represents woman
better than feminists okay well at least
he made it hilarious okay but the rest
of it was grotesque important addition
to a story we just did on the show Kevin
Jackson contributor to Fox News has been
fired we told you about his outrageous
tweets just a couple of minutes ago and
Fox News put out a statement saying
Kevin Jackson has been terminated as a
contributor his comments on today's
hearings were reprehensible and do not
reflect the values of Fox News whether
whether they reflect the values of Feist
is a different question but either way
Kevin Jackson has been fired so we were
wondering if that was gonna happen and
it did that didn't take long
two easy ways to follow young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
