today the house gave final approval to
the GOP tax bill effectively clearing
the way for Donald Trump to sign it and
we will now have in law the largest
government redistribution of wealth in
my entire lifetime possibly going back
long before I was born the Republicans
both in the House and Senate are
positively giddy about it and they're
not going to let a little thing like the
truth of what's actually in the bill get
in the way of their celebrations you're
gonna see that in the videos we're going
to show you shortly we've got Paul Ryan
we've got Trump himself we've got Ted
Cruz all just spreading a bunch of BS
about what's in the bill and what's
likely to happen from the bill but
before we go to that Jake did you think
it would happen yeah clearly we thought
it'd happen but it happened so 1.5
trillion dollars from you and me in our
audience the corporations and the
wealthiest people in the country yeah so
a couple things here number one the
media played this as they usually do
this false drama is it gonna happen or
is it not gonna happen we told you all
the young turks from day one it was
definitely 100% going to happen and and
and we'll get into why in a second and
and the fundamental misunderstanding
people I have about politics not you
guys but the people in power say nearly
a lot of the right-wing we're like oh no
oh my god it's never gonna happen
oh my god it's such a if you know
important thing that just might not pass
because of the evil Democrats or
whatever the hell they thought in fact a
guy who's in the news today before we
did our infamous debate ben shapiro and
i were talking about the tax cut bill
backstage and he said oh it'll never
pass I'm like what do you what are you
but he was adamant and and it he's a
slight Trump right yeah he's an anti
Trump but obviously very very right-wing
well some of them some of them thought
that Trump and they're because Trump is
such a weirdo that him and the
Republicans wouldn't be able to work
together no but okay so in tax guys oh
so tax cuts they're not going to work
together so that leads to the most
important part of this story okay is for
all the mainstream media the
right-wingers who are all these other
people get it through your thick skulls
there is a small
people in this country who rule us all
they are called the donors the donors to
the politicians make almost all of the
policy so the reason why I am so often
write on the show is because not because
I'm really smart really a student and
I'm sure that my critics would agree ok
it's because it's a really simple
process it's not like oh what does the
Honorable gentleman from Tennessee bob
Corker is he pro Trump auntie Trump does
he care about the deficit does he not
care about the deficit no follow the
goddamn money ok it's the oldest thing
in the world so their donors
all want giant taxes in fact even if
they had lost Corcoran calls which they
were never ever going to lose we said
that from day one oh we were a thousand
percent right it wouldn't have mattered
you know why cuz Feinstein would have
stepped up or Manchin would have stepped
up a couple of Democrats would have
flipped cuz their donors also won the
trillions of dollars in tax cuts Dianne
Feinstein voted for Bush's tax cuts she
voted to repeal the estate tax before
the only reason she didn't vote for it
this time is because they had enough
Republican votes it was an absolute
guarantee that donor class wanted it and
it was their number one priority and
look I didn't it's not a thing that they
hide the reason we know it is because it
was all over the press they told
political they told every paper they
could even a democratic donor went on
MSNBC and publicly threatened and
Democrats and said you better not get in
our way and all the Republican donors
said if they don't give us our goddamn
tax cuts then what the hell did we bribe
them for they didn't use the word bribe
yeah but almost almost they said we're
gonna withdraw all of our money from
these politicians unless they give us a
return on investments this country
unfortunately I love America but it has
become one of the most corrupt countries
on earth and the reason is unlike all
the other countries that have plenty of
corruption we legalized corruption we
legalized bribery so this was a foregone
conclusion and anyone who didn't see
that coming doesn't understand anything
about American politics if I came to you
with original reporting from TYT
investigates and we
had a source that showed that the
Republicans had stolen 1.5 million
dollars from regular Americans and give
it to a corporation it would be a
scandal most people wouldn't believe us
if we said a billion we would be
conspiracy theorists but with the
trillion dollars it's totally fine it's
a win for them a win for the GOP it's
not one and a half trillion it's one and
a half trillion that they couldn't cover
the rest of it increases to the middle
class and is in massive cuts that
they're gonna make the spending and
after ten years it's gonna be even far
worse not just the debt servicing but
the growth is not gonna match with the
Republican the fairy tale idea that the
Republicans gave you with with the
growth would be like and you're still
gonna have a one and a half trillion
dollar deficit on top of that yeah from
now on any reporter that earnestly
reports the Republicans care about
deficits should be immediately fired
because they do because they're it's
just not true they're purposely standing
Republican propaganda that has been
proven incorrect right now without a
shadow of a doubt well and how many how
many times do we need to go through this
like I wasn't I wasn't a conscious
political person under Reagan but Reagan
came in they had major they'd massive
tax cuts george w bush comes in they
have massive tax cuts Trump comes in
they have massive tax cuts we don't even
speculate about what they're gonna do
and if you think for a second as they're
gonna be satisfied with 21 percent for
the corporate tax of 37 percent for the
top marginal tax rate that's what they
were able to get now and what I tweeted
about it I got many Republicans whose
only response their only thought about
this wasn't even happiness
it wasn't even Glee it was taxation is
theft yeah they're not done okay if they
remain in power there will be more of
this 80% of the cuts went to the top 1%
it is not a mystery as to who are
corrupt politicians serve they serve the
top one percent because they're financed
by the top one percent it's not remotely
complicated and anyone who thinks that
it is just doesn't belong in media that
covers politics because they don't
understand politics at all I should go
get another job if you become a member
of the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart
and so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole younger so every day
