so Chris rice and Donald Trump lied
about something huh wouldn't have
expected it strange world we live in
that's why you should buy stranger times
which is a shirt we have at shop DUID
calm my tea make a stranger times season
two shirt oh we should maybe for Trump's
second term Oh No point it at 12.5% we
give me hot yeah I will give you ass
yeah let's not do that again
okay so by the way happy holidays that's
the code you need to use both despite
Bill O'Reilly and because it'll get you
20% off a shock to you I think middle
one of course I have gifts I like that
yes I was wearing that one the green
version of that for our holiday party
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
