when I look at the Democratic National
Committee now it's far different than
the Democratic National Committee of
1984 it's different in terms of the
people who are in the room the kind of
ideas that now comes out of DNC but we
have to change the structure that allows
only a few people at the top and we also
have to change a paradigm that says the
top knows better than the bottom when
they are more at the bottom than at the
top and we also have to have competitive
open bid contracts and the contract
should be open to people with the best
ideas you know I go back to this
narrative project we're gonna put a
million dollars for somebody to help us
come up with a theme a message a slogan
and here come a big election and all of
this drawn to the side and then to get
it back on the table you got to pay
another million dollars or another
10,000 20,000 Washington has controlled
our politics for a long time and I'm a
native of Louisiana and as chair of the
party and I had the same problem when I
was campaign manager which makes me sad
but I cannot send resources home I
cannot send science staff and yet
there's an election in Louisiana and
where is the database where the list of
volunteers where are the donors and and
that's a problem when when I go down to
Alabama there's no excitement why
because we haven't had resources in 30
years 30 years we've been avoiding
putting resources in Alabama and if you
put resources someone criticized me
recently they said because the chair put
money in Chicago I said yes I did I'm
guilty and why because Tammy Duckworth
needed resources she wanted to have some
robo calls with Barack Obama and
Michelle Obama the DNC was obligated to
pay for that because they were the
nation' they were President Obama was
the president and it was my job to get
it recorded and disseminated and why am
i criticized for trying to help Tammy
Duckworth because I wanted to win not
just the Oval Office but I wanted to win
the Senate
the house and state offices all across
the country and I sent money everywhere
