The Washington Post has reported that
the CDC the Centers for Disease Control
received a list of words that are
forbidden in some of their published
work now there is some disagreement
about whether or not these you these
words will be used in the future however
what we do know so far is that policy
analysts at the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention in Atlanta we're
told of the list of forbidden terms at a
meeting with senior CDC officials who
oversee the budget and that's according
to an analyst who took part in the
90-minute briefing so that analysts went
on to speak to the Washington Post The
Washington Post seems to have
corroborated what that analyst has said
to them and here are the forbidden words
that were included in that list
vulnerable was on it so was entitlement
diversity transgender fetus
evidence-based science-based so let's
pause here for a couple of things we're
gonna rank those words in a second which
is gonna be fun
but this is literal political
correctness
so people wonder where political
correctness came from it actually came
from I did the research on this
both the Nazis and Stalinists they both
used some version of that not seizures
at first but Stalin also used a slightly
different phrasing on it and what it
meant was we don't care what the truth
is we're going to tell you not what a
scientifically correct or technically or
legally correct we're going to tell you
what is politically correct so here are
the words you can use the words you
can't use whether they're about the Jews
and in regards to Germany or about the
workers and the capitalists etc when it
came to Stalin so now the Republicans
who claimed my whole life that they were
against political correctness literally
using political correctness here to tell
you what you can and can't say and it's
not whether you're offended it's not
suggestions it's not etiquette it's know
if you work for the government you are
not allowed to use these words right so
let me let me clarify something because
the way I presented the story might be a
little misleading I want to make sure
everyone
you know what the intention is behind
this now remember this is during a
meeting with CDC officials who oversee
the budget the CDC is a federally funded
government organization and so they
decide what they do with that funding
what kind of research they do so think
about it they're forbidden from using
words like transgender what does that
mean it means that they're no longer
allowed to allocate federal funding or
at least the intention is to prevent
them from utilizing federal funding
toward research for the transgender
community and you know to further
reinforce that point think about the
fact that the government has essentially
taken down any and all web pages
relating to the LGBT community webpages
that were meant to give them advice give
them help when it comes to a number of
things those were promptly taken down
after the Trump administration came into
office so it's really about where the
money is gonna go and it shows you what
the priorities are for the Trump
administration so I'm trying to figure
out of those words which are the most
absurd so I know why they put
transgender fetus entitlements that are
on there but one you're telling the
Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention pretty important that we get
that right don't use words like
science-based and evidence-based right
Jesus what does that mean it's crazy
that's insanity so if we have a Zika
virus breakout or god forbid Ebola or
something worse we're not allowed to do
evidence-based research we're not
allowed to say the words science-based
why can't you say it why can't you just
in its name just say why can't what are
you afraid of okay okay and and but to
me the most weird is against diversity
why are you not allowed to say diversity
you are you not allowed to have
diversity in anything about how about
diversity in plant life we're allowed to
talk about that no no everyone's
terrible the word vulnerable is outlawed
not for you and I seriously for these
government workers and the people who do
their research you're not allowed to use
the word vulnerable because God forbid
you would want to protect people who are
vulnerable so let me give
some of the suggestions that the Trump
administration gave to these CDC
officials if they're looking for
substitutions for these words okay now
in some cases they provided no possible
substitutions at all but in other cases
they did in some instances the analysts
were given alternative phrases instead
of science-based
or evidence-based the suggested phrase
is CDC bases its recommendations on
science in consideration with community
standards and wishes yeah I don't give a
about community standards and wishes I
care about the scientific evidence
backing up what the CDC is gonna do and
if you're wondering why they're saying
that and phrasing it that way here's why
they don't actually mean community
standards like the community would not
like to get Ebola right they mean
right-wing public opinion that's what
they mean by that partly the other part
of it is the companies so if the company
says their standards don't want that
drug to be regulated for example right
then all of a sudden you can't regulate
that drug because it's what do they say
recommendations not science but
recommendations on science in
consideration with community standards
and wishes in other words in
consideration of right wing talking
points and the wishes of our corporate
donors this is crazy
it's crime eeen we knew that it was
gonna be bad when he got elected right
but it's actually much worse it's worse
than my wildest dreams it's insane I
mean from net neutrality being
dismantled to them banning scientific
words or you know it's it just keeps
getting worse it keeps getting worse the
Department of Health and Human Services
spokesperson Matt Lloyd told The
Washington Post because CDC is under HHS
they no no no I mean you're not allowed
to say evidence-based he doesn't get
into that but he says this quote HHS
also strongly encourages the use of
outcome and evidence data in program
evaluations and budget decisions in
other words
I'll use evidence and data about
finances like hey this hurt a company's
bottom line you put in a regulation and
it costs them money to make sure you
didn't die by taking the wrong drug
right well so I mean and look there's a
lot CDC touches a lot of things or that
you didn't get sick right and this also
goes to eventually the Food Drug
Administration etc etc in terms of this
ideology right but so I can show you
evidence about corporate numbers but you
can't show me evidence based on science
god help us all because apparently
that's all that's left because this is
how they eliminate science from our
lives which couldn't be more dangerous
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
