well the Young Turks jancuga Ana
Kasparian on a historic day in America
of the red Cavanaugh hearings are in a
word unbelievable and man we got more
than we bargained for and we had
bargained for a lot so we have been
covering it all day long for you guys
live play-by-play that's what we do with
all the major events state of the unions
the debates the primary coverages etc
and so and I you know we had all of our
different hosts including myself
Anna Ben John and Brent etc Adrian
Lawrence a legal analyst who's one of
her specialties sexual misconduct cases
all of us were in and covered it
throughout the day that was dramatic
testimony on both sides I want to take a
note as usual here to pause and thank
our members for allowing all this to
happen because we we couldn't do it
without you guys it's a major production
and it and it's not easy to put together
with a limited staff that we have and
and by the way if you remember and you
want to do more and you guys have been
awesome and asking us can you do more so
we created t y-t-dot-com slash yes so if
you it does are just for one-time
donations and if you want to support
what we're doing at the Young Turks and
you want to make that happen that would
be amazing thank you for for thinking of
that and asking us and your emails about
that T y-t-dot-com slash yes and
obviously to become a member its T YT
dot-com slash join and if you are a
member don't forget you can go back and
watch all the testimony the amazing
parts you could fast forward to the
Lindsey Graham dick durbin both of their
statements opening statements all the
best parts we're gonna cover a lot of
that for you guys here in the next two
hours as well before we get started with
all the details and we do have amazing
videos so we're gonna break it all down
what happened and then the reactions
okay and again if you miss any part of
this show if you remember don't worry
about it you can get it anytime
okay so just a quick summary here
because last I was on air I'd covered
three hours in the beginning of the day
with with
Blasi Ford's testimony okay having
watched cabinet
Cavanaugh's opening statement it looked
like after Cavanaugh's after Blasi
Ford's testimony it was over and but I
actually think and we'll talk more about
the overall summary at the end here so
stay with us throughout all this I think
he put himself in the book back in the
ballgame and and he did it in a in a
fascinating and risky way and and I
think that I'm sure that there is will
be great disagreement about that I but I
think there is one issue that is the end
of them and that they cannot get past
and it is the one that Anna has been
saying from day one over and over again
they refuse an FBI investigation now the
Democrats have said just a one week
investigation well that's not gonna
delay it past the midterms that's not
gonna do it it's not gonna affect
midterms or politics at all to say no to
that it's dispositive and and one side
deeply wants you to know what all the
facts are and the other side does not so
as much as you might have if you're a
Republican or an independent or if you
only saw Cavanaugh as testimony as much
as you might have been riveted by that
or emotionally touched by that and I
have to be honest and we'll talk more
about it when we get to it I was touched
by some parts of it and I thought one
part was actually particularly effective
but at the end of the day one side wants
to know more and the other side who has
been devastated their name has been
devastated by these charges does not
want a further investigation that is
super relevant it is also relevant when
you take Cavanaugh's opening statement
into consideration I think that it's
important to be as truthful as humanly
possible when you are testifying
obviously and during his testimony he
specifically said that he is ready and
willing to undergo the FBI investigation
so then why didn't the FBI investigation
take place yeah it appears that he is
not ready and willing Senate Republicans
uh you know
especially the the Republicans in the
Senate Judiciary Committee are not
willing to do the investigation and I
think that speaks volumes and later on
in the show we are going to show you an
incredible interaction between Senator
Dick Durbin and Cavanaugh in regard to
the FBI investigation and I think that
it shows everyone a lot regarding what
the Republicans are really willing to do
and what they're not willing to do to
prove his innocence so now that we've
caught you up on where things are you
know a quick rough way now let's go back
and give you all of it
starting with dr. boss's testimony all
right the special hearing involving dr.
Blasi Ford's allegations of sexual
misconduct done by Brett Kavanaugh back
in the 1980s began with Ford's testimony
and the testimony was powerful to say
the least and that's just not but that's
not just based on my perception of it
many Republican lawmakers responded to
it by calling it credible and we will
get to their statements in just a moment
but before we do so I would like to show
you a few portions of her testimony that
really stood out so let's start with
Ford
detailing the sexual assault allegations
I went up a very narrow set of stairs
leading from the living room to a second
floor to use the restroom when I got to
the top of the stairs I was pushed from
behind into a bedroom across from the
bathroom I couldn't see who pushed me
Brett and Mark came into the bedroom and
locked the door behind them there was
music playing in the bedroom it was
turned up louder by either Brett or mark
once we were in the room I was pushed
onto the bed and Brett got on top of me
he began running his hands over my body
and grinding into me
I yelled hoping that someone downstairs
might hear me and I tried to get away
from him but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I tried to yell for
help when I did Brett put his hand over
my mouth to stop me from yelling this is
what terrified me the most and has had
the most lasting impact on my life it
was hard for me to breathe and I thought
that Brett was accidentally going to
kill me
both Brett and Mark were drunkenly
laughing during the attack
they seemed to be having a very good
time mark came over and jumped on the
bed twice while Brett was on top of me
and the last time that he did this we
toppled over and Brett was no longer on
top of me I was able to get up and run
out of the room so her allegations were
very detailed as we all know there are
certain parts of her allegations that
are murky and detailed because she
doesn't remember so for instance the
exact location or the exact date she
doesn't remember but in terms of the
physical assault itself
she was very detailed and as you can
tell emotional as she was recounting
what happened to her there was plenty of
tears on both sides Cavanaugh showed a
lot of emotion in his testimony as well
but it was a different kind of emotion
largely driven by anger and and and to
be fair sadness too but in in dr. Ford's
case she she teared up on a number of
occasions and understandably so in
describing this traumatic incident the
one the two parts I think that got
through a lot of people were the
understandably so again the covering her
mouth and and the laughter throughout
and and eight Anna's right it we you
know we were covering it live and it
struck me and John me and Ben as we were
watching it
that it was very very credible and then
we checked online to see what other
people were saying about it but even
even Fox News analysts were like
Napolitano a hundred percent credible
and so she clearly went through this and
in fact it was so credible that it
appears the Republicans including judge
Cavanaugh and his testimony have given
up the idea that this didn't happen to
her right they're resorting only to
mistaken identity at this point exactly
and we're gonna come back to the whole
notion of mistaken identity in just a
moment because Blasi ford did address
that but before we do so i want to give
you one other portion of her testimony
or her opening statement because she
highlighted something that she went
through with her husband that struck a
chord with me and I think struck a chord
with a lot of women who have gone
through anything traumatic in the past
so let's take a look at the video and
all fill in the blanks for you guys the
reason this came up in counseling is
that my husband and I had completed a
very extensive very long remodel of our
home and I insisted on a second front
door an idea that he and others
disagreed with and could not understand
in explaining why I wanted a second
front door I began to describe the
assault in detail I recall saying that
the boy who assaulted me
could someday be on the US Supreme Court
and spoke a bit about his background at
an elitist all-boys School in Bethesda
Maryland my husband recalls that I named
my attacker as Brett Kavanaugh so in the
allegations she claims that she was able
to escape the attempted rape when Mark
judge kind of jumped on top of them they
toppled over she was able to run and
lock herself into a bathroom and then
wait until she felt like it was safe for
her to run out and then run out of the
house for safety and so the whole thing
about the two front doors
that's an escape route you know that is
an escape
in case something traumatic happens to
her again
and so if you know your husband is
unaware of what you went through in the
past yeah it's very strange to ask for
two front doors and so that's how it
naturally came up in couples counseling
and it's struck a chord with me because
you know I know from personal experience
when I've gone through something you
know difficult or traumatic you start
wanting irrational things to protect
yourself and I've had similar arguments
with my husband about things where he
doesn't understand he's like why are you
being irrational right now and so that
really struck a chord with me personally
yeah III think that was one of the key
details that really sounded very very
credible because why would anybody want
to front doors and and that that's why I
came up in couples therapy in the first
place and that's the main corroborating
note that we have from that therapy
session where she talked about this
assault and and but what was chilling to
me was knowing that she was chased out
of that home anyway so she didn't escape
hatch basically to escape hatches out of
the out of her own house because of the
trauma of the past and zealots
threatened her so aggressively that they
had it levered their home after people
found out her identity and to me man
that that's terribly symbolic and and so
like we said after this there just
wasn't much to question or on and the
they the prosecutor that the Republicans
brought in kept on asking about details
and all the details matched I don't
think that she was it was so if they
were trying to question our credibility
it was so ineffective that by the end I
was wondering if that was the intention
at all that perhaps the prosecutor just
wanted to lay out all the facts and and
and if they matched they matched and
they did so there was almost no nothing
at all throughout the day to question
any of her stories or credibility the
tiniest little thing was about
how she's afraid of planes but took a
bunch of planes that air rides anyway
that's called life there yeah that's
right I have a family member who's
afraid of flying and he flies because he
asked you right right how else are you
gonna get from one part of the country
of the world to the other
so exactly at the end of the day super
credible and the prosecutor of anything
might have even helped her cause I think
the prosecutor did help her cause
unwittingly and to give you an example
of an exchange Mitchell the prosecutor
had with dr. Blasi Ford that I found
fascinating was when not only was she
trying to poke holes in the testimony
but she was also trying to figure out or
make the case that this is a politically
motivated attack on Cavanaugh and so one
example was the issue of the polygraph
test and so the prosecutor kept
mentioning the polygraph test and kept
trying to figure out you know did
Democrats pay for the polygraph test who
encouraged you to take the polygraph
test
finally after a line of questioning both
attorneys for dr. Blasi Ford jumped in
and they're like let's just cut to the
chase okay we asked her to go take the
polygraph test okay so there was that
and then there was one other part of the
polygraph test that I thought was
interesting
so dr. Blasi Ford took the test in
Baltimore and the prosecutor asked her
that's interesting so you live in
California why worried why did you go to
Baltimore and take this test and doctor
Blasi Ford responded by saying well I
was my grandmother died it was my
grandmother's funeral and so the person
who conducted the polygraph test was
kind enough to meet me in Baltimore so
we can conduct it there and it was like
oh okay it was it was a very explains it
it was a very awkward moment for the
prosecutor yes and so then we're left
with okay it's clear that this happened
to her and in even judge Cavanaugh in
his opening testimony twice said that he
does not dispute that at all so well
then are you sure that it was Cavanaugh
so they asked that question let's take a
look at the next video to see what the
answer is
last night the Republican staff
this committee released the media
timeline that shows that they've
interviewed two people who claimed they
were the ones who actually assaulted you
I'm asking you to address this new
defense of mistaken identity directly
dr. Ford with what degree of certainty
do you believe Brent Cavanaugh assaulted
you 100% 100% yeah so look I don't know
who these two guys are that who
volunteers to say yeah I'm the one who
did the sexual assault 36 years ago let
alone two of them right they can't both
be right so now what does that lead me
to a conclusion about who's right and
who's wrong no that leads me - for God's
sake let the FBI investigate yes okay so
he was super emotional about how it
wasn't him she is very clear that it was
him why don't you ask the other have
that FBI who are trained professionals
non-partisan asked the two guys ask the
other witnesses ask everybody it doesn't
and and the Republicans keep falling
back on the FBI does not make
conclusions nobody's asking for a
conclusion we're asking for more
evidence because in a best-case scenario
for Cavanaugh it is unclear in a
best-case scenario so if it's unclear we
need more evidence how did that who
would be against the FBI asking the two
guys who raised their hand and said it
was me that that they sexually assaulted
Blasi Ford how could you possibly be
against that that might prove your case
entirely and we might be done with it
you would be against it if you know that
you are guilty of wrongdoing because I
know for a fact that anyone who is
adamant and certain that they're
innocent would want further
investigation to at least clear their
name right because even if he gets
confirmed without the FBI investigation
you have a huge portion of the country
under the impression that you might have
attempted to rape someone when you were
17 years old and I would not want the
burden of having my reputation destroyed
like that I would want my name cleared
and I would
want a nonpartisan FBI investigation and
by the way when Republicans mentioned
that this is not done you know FBI
doesn't come up with conclusions they
know what they're doing right they're
trying to make it seem as though this is
unprecedented the FBI shouldn't be
involved FBI has never been involved in
situations like this no they're not
they're not handing down a conviction
they're doing a more extensive
background check to see if there is any
validity to these allegations and by the
way this is just allegations for one
person there have been multiple accusers
at this point are any of those other
accusers gonna be part of any type of
hearing all Republicans still gonna rush
to vote on Cavanaugh tomorrow yeah it
seems at this point unconscionable and
you know a lot of the Republicans showed
anger especially Lindsey Graham in I
can't believe what the Democrats are
doing well then for God's sake probe
them wrong because if you can prove them
wrong I'll be angry with you the great
majority of the country will be angry
with you because if these charges are
false and done on purpose
my god everybody will be in a rage at
what has happened in Cavanaugh wouldn't
you want that to a clear his name and by
the way be to help you politically I
mean it makes no sense to turn look guys
the last thing was the length of the
investigation because the Republicans
could have made a credible case while
the Democrats are trying to lay this
vote pass the election in the hopes that
they win the election and block
Cavanaugh but if the FB now the
Democrats say no no we just want a
one-week investigation of the FBI in
fact in the same exact situation with
Clarence happens to me and Anita Hill it
only took four days so now you know the
Republicans have no excuse left you have
a person here in in Blasi poor news by
their own minish admission clearly
credible Cavanaugh admits it probably
happened to her
you think it's mistaken identity you've
got all these other witnesses on other
situations and in this one and you have
the FBI and it can be done in a week
well before the elections
there's no reason at all to say don't
investigate again as Anna said unless
you're afraid what they're gonna find my
god you they hired a professional
prosecutor
lifelong Republican to poke holes in her
testimony and she failed at it miserably
please have the investigation just have
the investigation they're afraid of what
they're gonna find okay we got to take a
break when we come back we are going to
get reaction from Republican lawmakers
in regard to dr. Blasi Ford's testimony
and there are some Fox News analysts who
wanted to weigh in on her credibility so
we'll talk about yeah and and don't miss
Kavanagh is testimony because we got to
be fair we got to show you what he said
and I'll tell you the part that I see I
thought was surprisingly persuasive so
we'll share that with you a little bit
later we hope you're enjoying this free
clip from The Young Turks if you want to
get the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT comm slash
join today in the meantime enjoy this
free second
shengcún Anna with you guys first member
comments Tara and there's a lot of
disagreement over
Cavanaugh's emotions and what it means
tarimov wrote in I find it interesting
the people behind her are less emotional
than those who were behind Kavanagh when
the wimp was crying pathological liars
always start crying when they're caught
in their lies I don't know that I agree
with you I think that there's a many
many different reasons why somebody can
get emotional it could be that's because
they're telling the truth it could be
because they're lying I don't know it
could be just the incredible stress of
the situation and the raw emotions tim
says this is painful to watch during
Forte's hearing I was convinced the
Republicans would obviously be forced to
change course since she was so credible
and believable now it doesn't look like
they will deeply frustrating it
frustrating I'm deeply worried about
this democracy can I jump in for a
second to be honest I what I did see
from some Republicans certainly not all
was after dr. Blasi Ford's testimony
some of them did change course it wasn't
until after Brett Cavanaugh's opening
statement that I feel like they went
back and really doubled down in
supporting him yeah and Judge Napolitano
had said something relevant about that
too we're gonna get to that a little bit
later
last one neurological on Twitter says
props to a TYT for stepping up their
coverage skills this year in depth in an
attempt to keep up with a crazy speed of
news lately thank you so much we
appreciate you and we appreciate you
guys again it's really important we
can't do it without you guys
t y-t-dot-com stars joined to become a
member to make this possible then you
get all the coverage any time you want
including the full day's coverage you
can go back and watch it and then if you
want to if you're already member you
want to help out in any way even a tiny
ways TYT comm /yes to just give some
money to support the efforts that we've
been doing here but i just heard we we
work double streaming we were covering
the the end of the hearings still going
on on our Facebook page but we're gonna
bring it here to the live show so let's
watch a little bit more see where they
are in the hearings because they're not
quite done yet we anticipated they would
be but they aren't so let's watch
okay I think we're gonna go to it okay
guys they're working obviously on trying
to put together the the footage here
okay apparently it's not quite ready yet
as soon as this ready we'll go to it but
let's keep going here oh you know what
in fact let me just read you two more
comments here wryly cool says a man can
get emotional cries screaming puke all
he wants and never would a woman be
allowed to express that there's so much
fascinating disagreement on the emotion
here and then Kirikou suit kike rasool
on twitter says if even one Democrat
votes to confirm this sexual predator I
can't even tell you what sort of
horrific storm they're going to bring
down upon themselves and the party it's
interesting because Lindsey Graham made
the exact opposite threat to the
Republicans saying now one of you better
vote for vote against him otherwise you
there's gonna be hell to pay
yeah Lindsey Graham lost it during the
hearings and we have some footage of
that to show you guys but he later had
to apologize and said you know sorry
emotions run high but his behavior was
beyond done call uncalled for and he
knows it too which is why I apologize
we'll talk about that a little later
I have controversial opinions on that
but all right look we're gonna get to
that a minute all right okay until we
can get the street going let's keep
going on our coverage okay great
just a note to the director we're likely
to go to video 11 in this story so just
have that ready please all right
following the testimony the opening
statement given by dr. Blasi Ford in
today's hearings there were a number of
reactions from Republican lawmakers that
were fascinating and honestly unexpected
given the partisan politics that play a
role in this whole debacle now there
were Republicans who said yeah this her
testimony is absolutely credible for
example there was a Senator Richard
Shelby from Alabama Richard Shelby the
chairman of the Senate Appropriations
Committee called Christine Blasi Ford's
testimony on Thursday credible he said
quote I thought the prosecutor looked
like she knew what she was doing I don't
know how it plays out I said let's see
how this process works now you know that
was a state
specifically about the prosecutor in
this case but the prosecutor by her own
admission by the way was unable to poke
any holes in dr. Blasi Ford's testimony
toward the end of the questioning she
made it clear that uh you know it's
these five-minute intervals of
questioning that make it very difficult
for me to do what I'm supposed to do and
that was essentially an admission of a
failing to find any holes in the story
that Blasi Ford was sharing with her so
there's that also there were there was
orrin hatch so Orrin Hatch attempted to
comment on how credible the testimony
was however he used wording that some
found controversial when reporters asked
hatch to elaborate on what he meant by
attractive and good witness
you know his aides essentially said
attractive meant attractive testimony
not her physical appearance he said she
seems very sincere but in terms she
seems very sincere but in terms about
her and Kavanagh I don't really know
anymore other than she can't remember
how she got there and how she left and
that's according to Lindsey Graham that
is not Orrin Hatch's comments and to me
I know there's a controversy around
Orrin Hatch calling her attractive and
and pleasing is was his explanation of
what he meant by attractive and people
are really upset about that because they
think especially for a sexual assault
survivor those are not the right words
to use to me the more relevant part as
to whether he found her believable or
not is he said I didn't find her
uncredible right wait so in other words
even Orrin Hatch who when the hearings
began was the most vituperative against
her and and had said all the charges are
phony and when asked how he knew that he
said I just know okay
comes out and says basically yeah she
was credible so again the idea of
questioning whether this happened to her
is pretty much done at this point
only cooks on Fox News and on social
media are still talking about how she's
lying or you know in the words
one of them skank oh right but-but-but
the Republicans in Cavanaugh have said
no mas we don't dispute this happen to
her exactly and so there was also an
interesting thing that happened with
Senator Lindsey Graham following dr.
Blasi Ford's testimony this is when they
finally went to recess and so Lindsey
Graham was approached by reporters and
he he seemed to belittle her testimony
he seemed to say that he didn't really
believe her now let me give you one of
those quotes
unless something new comes forward you
have just an emotional accusation and an
emotional denial without corroboration
and then he was approached by someone
who identified herself as a rape victim
and according to reporters this woman
just told Lindsey Graham that she was
raped he said as he headed into an
elevator
I'm sorry tell the cops that does not
seem like a particularly caring response
for God's sake take a minute to just you
know give a proper response and then and
then move on but Lindsey Graham full of
a lot of anger today as he just showed
later in testimony but but Cavanaugh's
testimony is a different question but
Blasi forced testimony was pretty much
as good as her supporters could have
asked for in terms of making her case
and watching her and hearing her makes a
huge difference it's way more effective
than seeing it in in cold print in front
of you it's one thing to see the quotes
it's another thing to see and connect to
a human being telling a story and it was
so powerful it broke through through
even to the Republicans now they might
not vote in the right direction anyway
they might vote for Kavanagh even if
they believed her and I guess they're
gonna hang their hat on yeah she's
definitely telling the truth about
everything except that it was Kavanagh
but but overall she was an excellent
witness finally I want to go to Carl
Rose reaction because he decided to
torch the GOP over this
and I thought that was fascinating so
let's take a quick look at that well we
saw a emotional and credible witness
we saw miss Mitchell the designated
questioner by the Republican she kept
the Republicans out of trouble by not
having you know ten men lineup to
confront this woman claiming to be the
victim of a horrific sexual abuse but on
the other hand she didn't put dr. Ford
in much difficulty herself until the
very end I think the point that she made
at the end that they're there for other
people three men Kavanagh judge PJ and a
good friend of yours now Leland Kaiser
those are the four people you remember
being there they don't they don't
confirm corroborate what you had to say
the Democrats once this is a talking
point they could have handled this in
July and August by turning it over to
the FBI and having everybody interviewed
confidentially and sharing that among
the staff and make a decision but now
that it's become public and was
deliberately made public probably by a
staff member for Dianne Feinstein this
thing has become a Democrat cause
célèbre it helps them with the
electorate it keeps the focus on
something they want and if they succeed
in delaying it so much the better but
even if they don't they occupy valuable
space in the weeks leading up to the
midterm election so he's making
commentary on two things there one is
screwed because she was totally credible
and the Republicans could not damage her
it is Karl Rove after all I mean and
then he makes commentary on how they're
in trouble politically because now the
Democrats are gonna use this but Carla
you just said that she was very credible
then you bolon the fact that they're
going to to say that Cavanaugh should
not be on the Supreme Court because he
might have attempted rape but but Rove
sees that as only through a political
lens that's right
I think that's the problem I think that
right now both sides
it appears see this through a political
lens and I wish that it wasn't the case
like I wish that we focused on what's
being alleged the important
of ensuring that someone who could have
done this doesn't end up being a Supreme
Court justice right like I think about
it in terms of how would I feel if you
know Democrats are in charge we have a
Democratic lawmaker let's say Bernie
Sanders in an ideal world is the
President of the United States and he
nominates someone who has similar
allegations against him like take
politics out of it I want an FBI
investigation immediately I don't care
if Bernie Sanders is the president I
don't care if the Supreme Court justice
is a progressive what I care about is
justice you can't have a potential
criminal being a Supreme Court justice
there's a hundred million other
progressives in the country we can just
pick another one great
so if the person actually did it and
that's the huge if here but last thing
you're Karl Rove remember worked with
Cavanaugh they work together in the Bush
administration he was in a lot of ways a
mentor to Cavanaugh a Cavanaugh is a
deeply political figure from day one so
that's why it's unsurprising that Karl
Rove in that case would be mad at the
Republicans for not being able to
question Blasi Ford's credibility even
though he acknowledges there that she is
credible it's a classic car Rove
complaint
why didn't we rip her apart even though
we know she's telling the truth look
that's my interpretation you saw the
video yourself you could interpret it
any way you like but the bottom line is
it's obvious even Karl Rove thought that
she appeared very credible and and
that's why he's mad at the Republicans
okay I can we go to the hearing now yes
so let's go to the hearing and take a
look I'm gonna ask you one last time are
you willing to ask the White House to
authorize the FBI to investigate the
claims that have been made against you
well I'll do whatever the committee
wants of course and I've heard you say
that but a witness you asked I've not
heard you answer a very specific
question that's been asked which is are
you willing to ask the White House to
conduct an investigation by the FBI to
get to whatever you believe is the
bottom of the allegations that have been
levied against you the FBI
would gather witness statements you have
they don't know I don't want to debate
with you how they do their business
I'm just asking are you willing to ask
the White House to conduct such an
investigation because as you are aware
the FBI did conduct a background
investigation into you before we were
aware of these most recent allegations
so are you willing to ask the White
House to do it and say yes or no and
then we can move on
I've had six background investigations
over 26 years as it relates to the
recent allegations are you willing to
have them do it did the witness
testimonies before you no witness who
was there supports that I was there okay
I'm gonna take that as a no one we can
move on you have said in your opening
statement you characterized these
allegations that as a conspiracy
directed against you I'll point out to
you that judge justice now Neal Gorsuch
was nominated by this president he was
considered by this body just last year I
did a rough kind of analysis of
similarities you both attended
Georgetown Prep you both attended very
prestigious law schools you both clerked
for Justice Kennedy you were both
circuit judges you were both nominated
to the Supreme Court
you were both questioned about your
record the only difference is that you
have been accused of sexual assault how
do you reconcile your statement about a
conspiracy against you with the
treatment of someone who was before this
body not very long ago I I explained
that in my opening statement senator
look at the the evidence here the the
calendars look at the witness statements
look at mr. Kyser statement okay and
then do you agree that it is possible
for men to both be friends with some
women and treat other women badly of
course but the point I've been
emphasizing and that is if you go back
to age 14 for me you will find people
and not just people lots of people who
have been friends
some of whom were in this room today
starting at age 14 women and who talked
about my friendships with them through
my whole life and it's a consistent
pattern all the way through 65 women who
knew me more than 35 years ago signed a
letter it's a support after the
allegation because they know me and they
were with me and we grew up together we
talked on the phone together and we went
to events together she's got a bit of a
too much of a skeptical look on her face
is who I what they've said what the
people who worked with calm look at the
what the law clerks
I have sent more women law clerks to the
Supreme Court than any other federal
judge in the country I only have a few
seconds left and I'll just ask you a
direct question did you um watch dr.
Ford's testimony I did not I play it I
plan to you I plan to but I did not I
was preparing mine like one minute yeah
and Senator Kennedy four minutes and I
get to whose business case Laurie murder
I really thought was an institute they
said that she should be heard vote that
we had scheduled and the chairman did
and I appreciate that
and she came at great difficulty for her
and offered compelling testimony you
have come and done the same I am sorry
for what's happened to you and your
family as I'm sorry for what has
happened to hers this is not a good
process but it's all we've got and I
would just urge my colleagues to
recognize that in the end we are 21 very
imperfect senators trying to do our best
to provide advice and consent well the
first part in the end there's likely to
be as much doubt as certainty going out
of this room today and that as we make
decisions going forward I hope that
people will recognize that and in the
rhetoric that we use and the language
that we use going forward
that will recognize that that there is
doubt will never move beyond that and
and just have a little humility on that
front so thank you Thank You senator
flake now senator Kennedy place whole
thing is I'm the reasonable one now you
know at the end of the day the vote is
what matters he's your family been
through and I'm sorry for what dr. Ford
in her family had been through he could
have been avoided
not really even if she if they came
forward earlier you would have only been
God go through this you oh please do you
believe in God yeah I'm gonna give you
all my asked opportunity we're right
here right and from a God and country I
want you to look me in the eye oh wow
this will do it our doctor forged
allegations truth they're not accurate
as to be I have not questioned that she
might have been sexually assaulted at
some point in her life by someone
someplace but as to me I've never done
this never done this to her or to anyone
else I've talked to you about what I was
doing that summer of 1982 but I'm
telling you I've never done this to
anyone including her our ms ramirez's
allegations about you true those are not
she no no none of the witnesses in the
room support that the that had happened
that would have been the talk of campus
in our freshman dorm the New York Times
reported that as recently as last week I
like how it Kennedy squinting to see
something
tellers who's made seeking two
statements well I'm not gonna
characterize it but calling classmates
last week and just seemed very
I'll just stop there but it's not true
it's not true our ms sweat nick's
allegations made by mr. avenatti about
you true those are not true never met
her
don't know who she is there's a letter
released within two hours of that
breaking yesterday from annexed even me
in high school men and women said it was
their words nonsense totally you know
the whole thing that totally ridiculous
none of these allegations are true
correct no doubt in your mind zero I'm
100% certain
not even a scintilla not a scintilla
100% certain center you swear to God I
swear to God
oh wow he did it twice it's all I had
judge judge Cavanaugh thank you very
much hearing adjourned okay so that I
mean John Kennedy's last questions there
senator Republican senator from
Louisiana you know in a way accidently
summarize the absurdity of today these
incredibly old senators and and and
that's only relevant in that it is
emblematic of the decrepit power
structure in our country like hanging on
a power for dear life go to these
antiquated things like now do you swear
that god yeah the guys swear to God a
thousand times that doesn't prove
anything she also swears the God
everybody swears to God right so and and
then he squints he says look me in the
eye
really we're doing this they looked me
in the eye thing okay what different
he's been looking at you guys in the
eyes the nose to face the whole time
with your hair whatever what difference
does it make
but he makes it seem like no this is a
good man who believes in God and will
look you and I that is not remotely
dispositive my question is will he look
the FBI in the eye okay will he say hey
there's two guys who say that they did
it I just told you I didn't do it
for God's sake get the FBI to look those
guys in the eye and figure out if one of
them did it I don't know how you would
do it but the FBI is pretty good at this
so it's just really silly theatrics on
the part of John Kennedy they're right I
want to go back to Kamala Harris's line
of questioning and in particular her
very specific questions regarding the
FBI investigation and again this was yet
another opportunity for Cavanaugh to
reinforce what he claimed in his opening
testimony which is that he is willing to
allow for investigation okay so you said
that in your opening testimony it
appears that you lied in your opening
testimony because you've been asked on
multiple occasions during this hearing
whether or not you will allow the FBI to
do this investigation you will not
answer the question so two points there
one is I I thought that it was obvious
that he contradicted himself by saying
in the opening testimony that he wanted
to FBI dms key they asked him and then
he says no over and over again he won't
say no but he clearly is Carla Harris
showed doesn't want to say yes he
doesn't want the FBI investigation
crystal clear from not just calmly
Harris's questioning but dick Durbin's
and Chris Coons and and and on all those
Democratic senators and but I hadn't
thought over the way that and I just put
it which is well you said you wanted one
and apparently you don't is that a third
case of perjury mm-hmm and so but even
if you say hey look that's just the
misunderstanding and not a lie how was
it a misunderstanding how was it
innocent he said in the opening
testimony that he wanted the FBI to
investigate they said okay let's do it
and don't worry about the elections
we'll do it in a week it would be still
being months away from the elections
well not so much right but the second
point is arguably more important which
is the substance of it but why wouldn't
you why wouldn't you socom well Harris
was super super clear
don't tell me about oh the FBI just
gathers information and they don't come
to a conclusion we've already heard that
all day long we know and Senator Harris
is asking I would
get that information before I vote so
that's why I want the FBI to look into
it and they might even clear your name
but do you want that information that's
all I need the answer to do you want
that information and his answer was in
essence no so we got to take a break but
when we come back I want to show you
some of those interactions regarding
Senators asking for the investigation
and how Cavanaugh has responded how
Grassley has interrupted to prevent
Cavanaugh from responding so let's take
a quick break we'll have those videos
and more
