recently reliable sources on CNN had a
former Fox News legal analyst on and she
broke a confidentially confidentiality
agreement that she signed with Fox News
regarding what she went through when she
was working for the channel her name is
uh
Tamara holder and she I don't know how
long she worked at Fox but I know that
she ended up leaving after complaining
about sexual assault now while she was
on CNN she shared her story and the
reason why she broke her confidentiality
agreement was because she was enraged
after Rupert Murdoch made some
statements regarding allegations against
men at Fox News sexual assault
allegations he essentially called those
allegations nonsense and that led her to
respond to it now before we get to her
comments I really want you to see what
Rupert Murdoch said for yourselves so
let's take a quick look at the video how
harmful has the whole raft of
allegations about sexual harassment of
Fox News being for the business as our
ISO announcers there was a problem with
our TV executive sort of over the year
but I said notice as soon as we
investigated he was out of a place in a
house well three or four days now of
course but that was largely political
conservative well the Liberals are going
down the drain now the fact that he
called it nonsense really upset Tamra
holder and then she goes on reliable
sources and says the following
take a look he says that there were
cases that amounted in flirting let me
be clear I had a man pull out his penis
in his office and shoved my head on it
that was not flirting that was criminal
that was not sexual harassment there are
no you know gray areas
whatever Matt Damon recently said this
is criminal and I'm not the only case
there were just women who can't speak
out so that was obviously very detailed
and you know she's passionate and angry
as she should be
and she's sharing her story despite the
fact that she did sign that agreement
there could be
legal ramifications for what she's doing
yeah I think it's brave to do that and
and I think this is a good moment to do
it because the Fox News of the world are
going to be a little hard pressed to say
I want my money back even though an
executive or whoever it was at Fox News
did this to you
but you're not supposed to talk about
the sexual assault that you suffered so
we'd like our money back good luck with
that I don't think that's gonna play
very well and the more that these guys
keep pouring salt in the wounds the more
women like Tamara holder are gonna come
and go wait a minute wait a minute I'm
not gonna just let you lie like that in
public and try to get away with it and
this is not theoretical and it isn't
about when she you know and she made a
dig there at Matt Damon man team is
talking about generalities though she's
furious at Rupert Murdoch who's talking
about the specific case of Fox News and
holder knows exactly what happened there
had happened to her right so I love that
she's not let him get away with right
exactly and and as we know we've
discussed this a billion times on the
show this this movement that's happening
in the country is not a political
movement and and Murdoch essentially
made it seem as though oh where we were
getting targeted because we're
conservative no no this is not about
conservative or liberal Democrat
Republican it's about women speaking out
after they've been harassed assaulted
mistreated in any way and it's obviously
affected people of all stripes you know
yeah so look I don't know if the people
who went after Conyers and Franken were
conservatives and if they were I doubt
that they would have enough principles
that if they got Republicans they'd also
write stories about them unless it
suited their political purposes but
because that's how they think they and
they do projection they think we would
do this as a political attack so I
assume they're doing is a political
attack first of all who's they
it's women who came forward like
gretchen carlson that began this in the
first place right they said I don't take
it anymore
and so if you're gonna tell me that I
have to sleep with this monster Roger
Ailes to
have a job I don't accept and I'm gonna
call you out on it so Gretchen Carson's
conservative so there's no there's no
political agenda there yeah almost
everyone at Fox News that came forward
are largely conservatives right right
and especially the on-air people and and
then if it's some sort of liberal plot
why did they get Harvey Weinstein who at
the time was a purported liberal I'm now
we know he's just a monster period right
why do they get Kevin Spacey because
there is no they it's individual women
and men coming forward saying I've been
abused and I don't want to take it
anymore right and and I just want to
remind you guys about the amount of
money foxnews spent to settle these
cases so CNN had reported that insurers
will pay 21st Century Fox almost 90
million dollars to cover the cost of
settlements related to sexual harassment
and racial discrimination so that amount
also includes racial discrimination
Roger Ailes alone cost Fox News quite a
bit of money there were ten women who
accused him of harassment and it cost
Murdoch's company forty five million
dollars to settle lawsuits related to
those complaints so that's pretty
significant that's not even including
the amount of money that Bill O'Reilly
paid out of his own pocket to settle
some cases which was over thirty million
dollars so when you put that into the
till then all of a sudden you got over a
hundred and twenty million dollars that
Fox News had to pay women for sexually
harassing them and their and their
anchors had to pay as well like O'Reilly
now you think they did that because
Rupert Murdoch doesn't care about money
no he cares deeply about money they paid
all that money because they did it and
so for him to now come out and say it's
political nonsense
it just breached too far and adding
insult to literal injury and really
happy that people like holder eviden of
cars to come forward and say not on our
watch you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the Revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
