so here we go supporters of the
president right-wingers conservative
talk show host Fox News anchors now
talking about how there's a coup against
the president we have to take action
against the people plotting against the
president exactly how fascism starts we
must protect the Dear Leader and
whatever rules we have to break we have
to show the fortitude in breaking those
rules and firing and arresting any of
our political opponents now if you think
any of that is a hyperbole hold let me
give you the quotes now Sean Hannity was
the first to start this he did this a
while back talking about how quote a
soft coup is under way just let's pause
there for a second a coup is when some
people inside the government use force
and violence to physically take the
government no one is suggesting that
here if there is an investigation of
Donald Trump that shows that he was
connected with Russians and that he
clearly broke some serious laws they're
not gonna give the president for traffic
violations okay although the Republicans
did that with Clinton but there's no way
they the Democrats could get anywhere
near that they'd have to find serious
violations of significant laws here and
etc and then they would then take action
or make recommendations through legal
channels there's nobody getting in a
tank here but that's the atmosphere that
Fox News wants to create for you
Hannity said at the time sinister forces
quickly aligning in what is becoming now
in my mind a clear and present danger
now you do that kind of talk because
you're the one who's willing to use
force so what does a Special Counsel
have all he has is lawyers he doesn't
many guns he doesn't many tanks but now
the right wing talking about they're
clear and present danger we have to do
something about that you're gonna get
more specific here in a second
Mark Levin and other conservative radio
hosts chimes in and says
there's a quote silent coup going on he
talks about that now then Governor Mike
Huckabee he jumps in and he says earlier
today discussing the shocking
undermining of our institutions of law
and justice by highly placed political
operatives and their abuse of power
it's an attempted coup d'etat what are
you talking like so one of the things
he's referencing is as I've explained to
you
Muller's team got emails from dot-gov
email accounts that are not private that
are public that were happened during the
transition team it is perfectly lawful
and every single lawyer knows that but
how can you say oh it's a violation it's
terrible
they're following the law it's our coo
know following the law is the opposite
of a coup okay and then here comes
represent of Matt Gaetz who's one of the
most fervent Brownshirts I mean
Republican supporters of Donald cheoreom
he says we're at risk of a coup d'etat
in this country if we allow an
unaccountable person with no oversight
to undermine the duly elected president
of the United States well first of all
he's perfectly accountable he's
accountable to the Deputy Attorney
General who was accountable by the way
to the President and to the American
people
he's unelected well prosecutors are
generally unelected is that to say that
if the president can be a criminal you
just go and pick your pocket and just
take mug you in the streets or do worse
punch in the face or do anything and
then say oh here comes a prosecutor to
try to pry he's an unelected official
trying to hold Trump accountable for
shooting someone in the middle of Fifth
Avenue these are obvious talking points
meant to drum up their side into a
fervor that might take the form of force
gates continues the bias is like an
infection it's like an incurable cancer
that's inoperable and we've got to end
this Muller probe oh great now we're
talking about viruses and and how we've
got to root out the virus gee I wonder
how these brown shirts are gonna do that
so then we go to Fox News recently
here's a graphic from Jesse Watters show
there it is in giant words a coup in
America okay and here is Jesse Watters
talking about that on Fox
so the
investigation into Donald Trump's
campaign has been crooked from the jump
but the scary part is we may now have
proof the investigation was weaponized
to destroy his presidency for partisan
political purposes and to disenfranchise
millions of American voters now if
that's true we have a coup on our hands
in America keep using the word coup
because they want to be going able to
use state violence to go arrest their
political opponents and anyone
investigating them well if that wasn't
clear enough Jeanine Pirro is not that
bright so she's gonna make it clear she
was described by the New York Times and
as quote a presidential favorite he even
had her over at the White House for a
whole hour he says he watches her all
the time
so let's want to see what this lunatics
up to it all started when Cardinal Comey
destroyed our FBI with political hacks
to set events in motion to destroy the
Republic because they didn't like the
man we chose to be our president well
it's time to take them out in cuffs oh
that's great talk
taking out members of the FBI
by the way Rosenstein is a Republican
not a Democrat that was another lie of
course by the right-wing and Muller is a
Republican he's a registered Republican
he worked for george w bush they're all
republicans oh yeah they're coming to
get our president dating like a
Republican wedding so let's take him out
and handcuffs arrest all of our
political opponents and in the case of
Muller and the FBI they're not even
political opponents they're just people
doing an investigation of you know it's
so obvious that they're guilty that was
pure earlier here's pirogue doubling
down now I hereby double down this is
worse than even I imagined this week we
saw documents that gave us contact
stores I would say in my da life motive
for the crimes that I've already
described to you in the past the person
responsible for changing the language
from incriminating into innocent is
Peter struck of
but man and the crime family of James
Comey and also struck the one who
interviewed Michael Flynn the only one
charged with anything
I doubt an American presidential
election history that there has been as
great a crime or as large a stain on our
democracy than that committed by a
criminal cabal in our FBI and the
Department of Justice who think they
know better than we
who our president should be talking
about leading people out in handcuffs
doubling down on that she hereby doubles
down talking about there's a criminal
the crime family of James Comey the
former head of that FBI there's a
criminal cabal inside the FBI all the
people who disagree with us that have
evidence of our wrongdoing need to be
rounded up this is as scary as it gets
this is exactly how fascism comes into a
country the only question isn't whether
they're trying to do it it's whether
we're gonna stop them so now
representative Jim Jordan it goes on TV
all the time sometimes portrayed as a
moderate probably no no his shirt might
look a different color to you but I
guarantee you that it's brown listen to
his reaction to that insane rant by pure
up we're going to subpoena Andrew McCabe
subpoena Peter struct and first of all
judge your opening was was perfect that
lays out the entire story Bruce or Peter
struck are central to this so subpoena
Andrew mccade Bruce struck Bruce or his
wife and Lisa Paige and I also think the
chief of staff to the FBI needs to be
brought in yeah bring them all in let's
do some show trials and now that's the
city Republican congressman here's
another one back to Matt gates let's
hear from him we just need the Justice
Department to step up and seize control
I don't know where the Attorney General
and rod Rosenstein are in this but I
think they need to fire Muller and cure
us of these conflicts these are actions
that people are taking to undermine the
duly elected president and to undermine
the democracy in our country and the
elected representatives of the people
the Congress have an obligation to
expose this bias to expose what I
believe is a corrupt investigation and I
call on my Republican colleagues to join
me in calling for the firing of Bob
Muller and look it's time for Muller to
put up or shut up if there's evidence of
collusion with Russia let's see it
they would if they they get their way
they will fire robert muller they'll
fire Rosenstein if they have to they'll
fire everyone to protect the
law-breaking of the president if that's
the kind of country we have then it's
gonna be ruled by these monsters who
don't care about the rule of law at all
don't care about our system our
government I would argue they're the
ones doing a coup and what I would call
a system coup a coup against the system
and in their case they would use force
when you Hank up someone when you do
political arrests of people that is
using state violence against them if
they start locking up their political
opponents or league what they view to be
their legal opponents people that are
would actually bring them to justice and
we don't act then there's nothing left
to protect us and it's not that America
we knew this in every country is about
unfortunately about a quarter of the
country that is always ready for
authoritarian rule they're always
looking for a strong leader and they'll
always let that strong leader break the
law break the rules and do whatever he
wants and from time to time if the rest
of the country is weak enough those
twenty five percent will seize control
usually by force or violence usually
when they didn't even win a majority
vote like perhaps 1930s Germany and
perhaps like 2016 in America well
neither one of them got the majority of
the vote but somehow they wind up in
power and then once they're in power
they start taking illegal actions
against their opponents and if you don't
stop them you can't ever stop them later
because the people who would have
already in jail and already taken care
of we got to act right now and look if
they don't fire Malraux Rosenstein and
the investigation goes forward and
whatever it comes up with that's totally
fine and if it comes up with hey turns
out trump didn't do it or we don't have
enough evidence that he did it well
that's the the course of the
investigation because we accept the
rules and laws of this country and this
some of this country and it is an
incredibly hard a standard that they
have to get to to make sure that they
could charge a President of the United
States and it should be that hard and we
understand that but if they start saying
no we're not going to let that system
run instead we're gonna take over and
start putting people in jail if you're
not in the streets then don't complain
later that we lost America because that
is exactly what their intent here is
Young Turks if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks show every day
