now there's a budget showdown coming on
you would think he'd be coming on
because it's around December 22nd that
they have to decide if they're gonna
pass the budget or not if they don't
pass the budget the government shuts
down it's very important especially
because Democrats in the past had talked
about hey we're gonna demand that the
Republicans give us the medaka the DREAM
Act to make sure the dreamers can stay
in the country
Trump they said had already agreed to it
it's not controversial but polls
incredibly well even a majority of
Republicans agree with with that
provision about the dreamers being able
to stay here those are kids who were
brought to the country they had no
choice in the matter
and they've there's the only country
they've ever known and they're done well
and they're successful at cetera right
well it turns out there isn't going to
be a showdown because the Democrats have
preemptively conceded as usual they will
not fight for the DREAM Act they will
not fight for anything they claim that a
fight might come later how many decades
that we heard that horse crap so let's
go to political for this reporting they
explain Democratic leaders aren't going
to shut down the government to save
dreamers in December of course that more
details top Democrats retreat from
demands on a deal before 2018 ensures
they won't get blamed for a possible
shutdown and won't up end Senate talks
on a bipartisan deal combining relief
for dreamers with border security
there's a couple of things to decipher
in that really important quote number
one when they say well we don't want to
be blamed for the shutdown but the
Republicans control the House the Senate
and the presidency yes they need a
couple of Democratic votes in the House
and the Senate to get this budget passed
but hardly anyone would blame the
Democrats did largely blame the guys who
run the government for the government
shutdown but no no no Democrats don't
want to take any chance at all not 1%
chance that they're gonna get blamed
but what voters really blame them for
fighting Trump and fighting them really
hard on behalf of dreamers which is
incredibly popular no so who would blame
them donors would play
and why almost all the donors are
incredibly wealthy and if they have a
government shutdown it will affect the
markets that part is true it would
affect the markets a little bit and then
all the donors for Nancy Pelosi which
she brags about all the time Chuck
Schumer all the financial industry in
New York but it doesn't matter all the
Democratic establishment all their
donors go don't you dare mess with the
markets dreamers please what kind of
money they have how much have they given
you in donations no we're done with the
dreamers dispense with them that we're
not we're not going to be blood for
anything look in a best-case scenario
their absolute cowards running away from
a fight that they could easily win with
Trump that's the best-case scenario the
worst-case scenario is they do it
because they're corrupt as far more
likely now the second part of the quote
was about oh don't worry
we're gonna get a bipartisan deal with
the Republicans later on the dreamers
how many times we heard that before but
they also added combined with border
security in other words instead of using
the leverage they have now over the
budget they're gonna throw away that
leverage and later since they have no
leverage they will then say well okay
I'll treat you the dreamers for the wall
and then you're gonna help Donald Trump
build that wall because if you use the
leverage now your donors would be really
upset don't mess with my markets okay
more details those negotiations
political reports appear to be gaining
momentum and may well bear fruit this is
talking about the so-called bipartisan
negotiations on the DREAM Act may well
bear fruit this month particularly once
Republicans reach a final agreement on
their long-sought package of tax cuts
okay you know what that means that the
Republicans are telling the Democrats oh
after we get everything we want the
budget and the tax cuts then we'll
negotiate with you guys on the thing
that you want and Democrats go oh good
well they promise oh god I think we're
on track but we've got great secret
negotiations go ahead look if
if we had no context and if for the last
two decades the Democrats didn't cave in
day after day on issue after issue then
you could say a chanc that's a little
unfair let's see what happens maybe
they're gonna craft an unbelievable
compromise and not give anything to the
Republicans instead just protect the
dreamers number one you know that's not
gonna happen number two in the context
of the Democrats that is inconceivable
they never fight so for them to say
don't worry the Republicans promised us
that after they get the tax cuts they'll
give us what we want
well again best-case scenario is you're
an incredibly bad politician and really
really dumb are you that dumb that
you're gonna get swindled by Donald
Trump about promises at a later time
come on no one believes I don't believe
Chuck Schumer's that dumb Chuck Schumer
are you that dumb Senator Chris Murphy
another genius Democrat of Connecticut
an incredibly blue state with another
corporate Democrat says obviously I want
to dreamers fixed by the end of the year
really doesn't seem that obvious to me
he continues I'm not sure that it serves
our purposes to draw a hard lines in the
sand in the middle of negotiations when
would you draw a hard line if it not in
the middle of negotiations what are you
gonna do draw a hard line after
negotiations after you already gave them
everything they wanted come on senator
Murphy are you that dumb are you that
dumb you draw a hard line after the
negotiation is over of course it helps
to draw hard lines and negotiations then
you don't know what negotiations are
what do you think you come in with soft
lines and go alright okay I'll give you
everything yes if you're a corporate
Democrat that's what you said the
Republicans decade after decade okay now
let's see if the other side has equal
compulsions about drawing hard lines in
the middle of a negotiation here's
Donald Trump talking about the same
issue he says Democrats want to have
illegal immigrants pouring into our
country bringing with them crime
tremendous amounts of crime so he says
no I'm not going to give you the DREAM
Act even though
promised it to you earlier and you guys
went all around town bragging about how
you got Trump to do a deal now I'm not
gonna give you that deal and then I'm
gonna say you're for illegal immigrants
bring tremendous crime in the country
what happened I thought you don't do
hardline in the middle of negotiations
it sounds like you get a hard line in
the middle of a negotiation and it
totally worked
Chris Murphy why don't you just admit
that you bow down to Donald Trump
because he drew a hard line and you
didn't have the guts to do it
it's not about guts you get paid not to
draw those lines every one of your
donors in Connecticut told you he'll
don't hurt our beloved markets and you
know it I don't care how angry you get
watching this you know that that's a
fact okay here's Mark Meadows a deeply
conservative Republican in the house
from North Carolina let's see if he has
a problem drug heartlines in the middle
of negotiations he says about the DREAM
Act not only is it problematic but it
will be met with such resistance that we
haven't seen on the hill for many many
years so two points about that one seems
like a hard line seems like one side
does hard lines and the other side does
nothing to help its voters or its
supporters okay the second part is does
that guy sound like he's gonna do a
bipartisan compromise later Democrats
tell us keep your powder dry
no no we'll get guys like that to do a
deal with us later look I know mark
Meadows is it gonna do a deal under any
circumstance cuz that's not who he is
how about we don't fight us like that on
our side how come we have nothing about
cowards
we'll never fight let's get a get a
firearm aw man get it nothing but
justice Democrats who don't take big
donor money or whoever you think is
uncorrupted it isn't about any
particular brand or anything like that
it has to be about people who don't
serve their donors but these guys all do
all these corporate Democrats do so now
let's go to Nancy Pelosi
you said you we're gonna fight for the
DREAM Act what does she say now quote
Democrats are not willing to shut the
government down no let me see a picture
of Pelosi and Schumer here I want to
make sure that I'm not misunderstanding
situation here right you got
dick durbin there , Harris all these
Democrats oh what's that sign
hashtag protect dreamers no not so much
we're just kidding we're not gonna fight
for the dreamers at all we'll do press
conferences pretending to fight for the
dreamers but when we have leverage over
the budget we'll do nothing just own it
well I suppose he does he says I'm not
gonna do it I'm gonna shut the
government down I look by the way the
government doesn't have to be shut down
we're not doctrine area and
right-wingers but you need to negotiate
if you unilaterally surrender every time
as you've done here then you'll get
nothing you'll get nothing which is what
we always get as progresses from these
weak terrible so-called Democrats okay
you wonder why I get mad at him this is
why I get mad here's so Sheldon Sheldon
is Sheldon Whitehouse
sellout White House okay he's decent on
some issues and then he'll do this cuz
they're all hooked on the money okay he
says I do not want to participate when
creating an environment in which
anything looks like an ultimatum that
could be used by the Republicans to
shift the blame for a shutdown so for
now I'm satisfied to see the progress
that continues to be made well first of
all senator Whitehouse there is no
progress you claim their secret progress
with secretly reasonable Republicans let
me be absolutely clear I don't believe
you and it's not a single progressive in
the country who doesn't wear D on their
helmet who doesn't do pom-poms for the
Democratic Party an actual progressive
there isn't a single one of us that
believes that you have a secret
negotiation with Donald Trump and
right-wing Republicans that's going well
and then you tell us no no no we don't
want to be blamed for this shutdown you
don't want to be you don't want to
create an ultimatum why'd I just showed
you I proved to you that the other side
has nothing but ultimatums and guess
what it did it worked they gave you an
ultimatum and you healed and you
listened to their old tomato so don't
tell me old tomatoes don't work cuz
Trump just slapped you across the face
with one and you said thank you sir may
I have another I wonder why we don't
believe you that you're going to resist
Trump nice press conferences a lot of BS
there are you actually fighting on Paul
see never same old Democrats back to
Politico Schumer and Pelosi Pelosi have
taken pains in recent weeks that control
the narrative it's not what they're
always about they're gonna be very angry
because they haven't controlled this
narrative to control the narrative
around the fate of dreamers both
privately and publicly in an effort to
keep the issue from getting even more
politically charged and derail any
chances of a bipartisan deal they love
their bipartisan deals when they do
bipartisan deals and they do it all the
time actually it's a misnomer and the
mainstream media they don't watch out
for your wallets cuz they're gonna pick
them they're gonna pick your pocket and
they're gonna give it to their donors so
you will have the giant tax cuts and
Nancy Pelosi stoners will be elated you
will have no budget showdown they will
just clean take the Republican version
and pass it and donors will be elated
and there will be no compromise no pie
partisan agreement and there'll be no
bite and look they can prove me wrong if
there is later I will eat crow you guys
have seen me do it you see me when I
take credit for things I got right and
I'll tell you the minute I got it wrong
if it turns out they pass a clean DREAM
Act after the budget and the Republicans
were telling the truth and they said Oh
Nancy and Chuck thanks so much for
everything we wanted now here's we're
gonna give you what you want here's the
DREAM Act and you don't have to worry
about the wall we're not gonna attach
anything else to it great and then I'll
come out here and say oh my god guys I'm
sorry it turns out there were master
legislators like they claim who thinks
that's gonna happen come on let's give
away all of our leverage then hope that
they negotiate later again if you've
ever done negotiations that's the
dumbest thing anyone has ever said about
negotiations okay okay
more one possibility according to aides
this for Democrats is to secure ready
for this to secure a handshake agreement
with Republican leaders to address the
issue early next year
oh you've got a head shake from the
Republicans do you and that's your best
hope is a handshake from the Republicans
and if you noticed in the beginning they
said they were gonna do the DREAM Act a
B as part of the budget now that's not
off the table then at some point they
said well I mean maybe not doing the
budget showdown but before the end of
the year and Nancy Pelosi was very
specific about that she said before the
end of the year now we're talking about
a possible handshake deal after the end
of the year they are the worst of the
worst and what do they actually think
well I think this is the most telling
part in the sense
politico's quoting a democratic aide so
this person knows what the Democrats are
talking about behind closed doors a
senior democratic aide cautioned that
the party has quote not given up the
ghost yet on bipartisan Senate
negotiations bearing fruit this month
that's about darker the dreamers so
privately they think it's a ghost and
they haven't given up all hope yet on
that ghost while they tell you publicly
oh yeah oh we got a handshake after
handshake with the Republicans after we
give them everything they ever wanted
while pretending to resist them then
we'll turn around later way later and
see we can revive the dead ghosts of the
thing that we promised you but we were
lying about the whole time hey listen I
didn't say that you were gonna do the
DREAM Act in the budget I didn't say you
are you were gonna do it before the end
of the year I never believed in you in
the first place as usual I was right
you're the ones who said it and you said
it now what you're saying I just what
kidding were you kidding was that a joke
no you were lying you were lying and the
reason that they lied is because they
just wanted to appease you they don't
want to work for you they want to work
for their donors these corporate
Democrats sicken me there are a couple
of good Democrats in Congress guys like
Raul Grijalva Rho Connor
some members of the night some members
of the Progressive Caucus so we had
we did a video with Grijalva just
democrats calm / no dream no deal that
was the bare minimum the bare minimum
that if you don't have the DREAM Act
you're not gonna have a budget deal so
they're progressives in Congress
fighting for it like or Halawa did we
get it no Democratic leadership usual
complete surrender to Donald Trump just
pathetic now you wanna know what you
should actually do you should do just
democrats are calm / americans agree you
know what that is and all these links
are in the description box that's saying
hey you want to budget then we want
three things and they all test above
sixty percent not among democrats among
all americans so all americans agree
one is the DREAM Act the other is net
neutrality and the third is protecting
Social Security and Medicare so these
are easy ass and it puts the Republicans
in a tough position so if you're doing
negotiations and then the Republicans
come out and go no I want to oppose all
three of those things that polled
anywhere ranging from sixty to eighty
five percent in the country well have at
it Hoss take the position that is
incredibly unpopular but Democrats won't
do that you could easily have you know
go in that direction but they say no as
usual Schumer Pelosi lead surrender
don't vote for the corrupted Democrats
whether it's just Democrats or anyone
else that's your choice to make but vote
for uncorrupted Democrats they take
large donors they serve large donors
they take private checks they serve
private interests it's it's just simple
human nature like all of you already
know they don't work for you they work
for their donors so fire them and hire
people who will only work for you that
say no corporate back money otherwise
it's corruption one Oman and yes on that
they have a bipartisan deal Trump and
the Republicans and the Democratic
leadership agree that the rich will have
their tax cuts and they will have their
budget and their beloved Marcus will
never ever be disturbed your kids and
your families it might be uprooted
they'll be significantly disturbed
might be ripped apart but that's not
their donors problems that's your
problem that's who the corporate
Democrats are Young Turks if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
