hey everyone its David Sirota so we're
doing a live video today about the
situation that has gone has become
really a firestorm over the national
debate over taxes if you followed the
story over the weekend there's a big
hashtag on Twitter that has trended
called
corker kickback what is that about well
it's about a series of stories that
we've been reporting at International
Business Times a series of stories about
what has been inserted into the final
tax bill the final tax bill was
different from the original House bill
and the original Senate bill and there's
a key difference that's really important
to understand as you look at who is
voting for this bill and who is not
voting for this bill specifically when
you focus in on Tennessee senator bob
Corker who has been considered a key
swing vote in this bill he could bring
down the whole bill so here's the story
in the House and Senate passed bills
there were provisions dealing with
what's known as pass-through income this
is income generated from limited
liability corporations LLC's
partnerships and the like and in general
the bills sought to reduce some of the
taxes on income so-called pass-through
income earn off of those LLC's now the
House bill had a sweeping kind of tax
cuts with relatively few restrictions on
how these tax cuts could be applied to
pass through income the Senate bill
included restrictions that the
proponents of this said was designed to
make sure that the tax cuts didn't go to
LLC's that weren't employing people so
here's the thing you gotta understand is
that some people use these LLC's
basically like shell companies they put
their real estate assets into an LLC in
order to glean various benefits from
that kind of complex shell company
structure other people use LLC's as
their business to employ people so the
Senate bill included these
provisions to try to restrict the tax
benefits from going to LLC's that didn't
employ people so the house comes
together with the Senate and irons out a
final bill and the final bill appeared
at first glance to go with the Senate
provision to keep those restrictions in
place so that LLC's wouldn't be what
critics say abused by people who want to
use them just to put their real estate
assets into and not really employ
anybody not use them as true what we
might think of as true businesses so the
set this the the bill that the House the
Senate came up with seemed like they
were going with those seemingly sensible
Senate restrictions except as we
reported as we exposed the bill the
final bill included a provision that
created a narrow way for LLC's that are
primarily real estate based that employ
nobody to get that tax benefit now who
does that benefit well it may benefit
Donald Trump it may but because Donald
Trump has a lot of LLC's with real
estate properties in them that generate
rental income apartment buildings and
the like and tax experts told us that's
what this provision that was put into
the final conference bill was designed
to keep the tax cut for specifically for
that sector so Donald Trump is one
person and here's another person bob
Corker federal records that we reviewed
show that bob Corker last year alone
made up to seven million dollars in
outside income from real estate related
LLC's so in other words let's review the
timeline here and I should always say I
should say as I'd say as me and my
fellow journalists know politicians hate
when you put things on a timeline but
let's go through the timeline bob Corker
votes against the original senate bill
when it has the restrictions in the bill
that
potentially restrict him from being
personally enriched by the tax bill
corker says he's voting against the bill
because of deficits then fast-forward to
the final bill in the hours before the
final bill was made public corker
announced that he's for the bill what's
changed
well the provision allowing him to take
advantage potentially of those LLC real
estate related LLC tax cuts that's now
in the final bill and bob corker is now
announcing suddenly a reversal that he's
voting for the bill and the key and
another point to know about this is that
he had said he voted against the
original bill because of deficits well
the final bill the Joint Committee on
taxation said would create 1.5 trillion
dollars more of deficits so again he
votes against the bill when it includes
provisions that could potentially
restrict him from personally benefiting
from it then he announces suddenly that
he's voting for the bill when a
provision pops up in the final bill that
would allow him to access him and other
real estate LLC investors allowed them
to access these major tax cuts now it's
true that again these made these tax
cuts this specific provision this is
going to benefit potentially Donald
Trump Jared Kushner House Speaker Paul
Ryan a handful of top Republican
lawmakers who've been overseeing this
bill and bob corker that those are some
of the people who federal financial
disclosure records show have these
particular kinds of LLC's so people have
looked at this timetable that we laid
out in our reporting and they've said
did bob Corker get a kickback was this
the thing that made bob Corker suddenly
reverse his vote hard to know we've only
reported the facts it's hard to know
motives and the like but it is important
to know that on Sunday John Cornyn the
Texas senator went onto national
television he was asked about all of
this he was asked a direct question why
did you put this provision into the
final bill and he ended up saying inter
in direct response to that question he
ended up saying that they were trying to
cobble together
votes that they needed to pass the bill
so you be the judge was this provision
that could potentially make bob Corker
lots of money added into this bill in
order to get his vote and did he switch
his vote in order to because this
provision was in there corker called
International Business Times twice it
was fascinating and almost bizarre he
first called us and he seen he started
criticizing the the provisions that we
had identified saying they were
ridiculous then he called back and
walked back that criticism
now with this firestorm of of outrage
and this hashtag corker kick back he has
sent a letter to senator Orrin Hatch the
chairman of the Senate Finance Committee
demanding to know how this provision got
into the bill he's also arguing that the
provision isn't new that a that the
House version of the bill which of
course corker didn't vote on but the
House version had other provisions much
like this and now hatch this morning has
just written back saying this is
disgusting that anyone would imply that
this was put in for bob corker but you
be the judge those are the fact pattern
i have laid out are the indisputable
facts and bob corker clearly is in it is
in a tough position orrin hatch doesn't
want to have to answer for this
the Republicans don't want to have to
answer for this but these are the facts
they have put a provision into the final
bill that would enrich potentially
donald trump bob corker the Kushner's
top republican lawmakers who are helping
write the tax bill who also personally
have these LLC real estate related LLC
investments that is an indisputable fact
and there's going to be a lot of smoke
and there's going to be a lot of noise
that's designed to make you and make
everybody ignore that or think there's
nothing to see here these are huge tax
cuts this is part these these provisions
are part of a section of the bill that
the Joint Committee on taxation in
Congress estimates would cost four
hundred billion dollars
400 billion dollars that the this
provision is a part of this is a huge
huge issue and here's the thing corkers
vote could end up making or breaking the
entire tax bill john mccain is probably
not going to be able to be at the vote
because of his health problems which
means if two Republican votes switch the
entire Trump tax bill will go down
corker was against it suddenly for it
when a provision is in is now in the
final bill that could enrich him
personally he is a former longtime real
estate mogul you can look at his federal
financial disclosures you make that you
be the judge on whether it was a
kickback or not we have simply laid out
the fact that that's all that we have
done and if people want to come to their
conclusions they can come to conclusions
we're going to continue to report this
story stay tuned for our reporting at
International Business Times for
instance for a whole series of stories
that's going to be coming out today all
about this but those are the facts
that's what's going on and the question
is will bob Corker ultimately vote for a
bill that now includes a provision to
enrich himself or will he vote against
the bill using his old argument that the
bill increases the deficit too much
which way will he vote and why did he
ultimately switch his vote that's the
big question
