during Brett Kavanaugh testimony he was
asked by multiple Democratic lawmakers
about whether or not he would be willing
to allow the FBI to conduct a full
background check and investigation given
these new sexual assault allegations now
it began with Senator Dick Durbin and
Dick Durbin asks the question and then
something interesting happens with chuck
Grassley he Energex take a look you said
I welcome any kind of investigation I
quote you I welcome any kind of
investigation I've got a suggestion for
you right now turn to your left in the
front row to don McGann counsel to
President Donald Trump asked him to
suspend this hearing and nomination
process until the FBI completes its
investigation of the charges made by dr.
Ford and others but to stop the clock
this committee is is running this
hearing not the White House not Don
McGann not even you as a nominee where
we are here today because dr. Ford asked
for an opportunity here I know you did
too as well in fact maybe even before
she did
we're here because people wanted to be
heard from charges that they all thought
were unfair or activities like sexual
assault was unfair so I want to assure
Senator Durbin regardless of what you
say to Senator Dunham again we're not
suspending this hearing proceed to
answer the question or whatever murder
if the proceed to answer the question
except that's why exactly exactly he's
like whatever you do do not answer that
question and so dick Durbin started it
and and then if that obviously worked
and so a lot of the other Republican I'm
sorry Democratic senators picked that up
from there
on with Kamala Harris near the end just
putting the nail in the coffin that he
clearly does not Cavanaugh does not want
an FBI investigation and it was really
smart of Durbin and other Democrats not
because of strategy or politics and if
you want to say that fine right but also
because of the substance and you know by
the way of course you don't have to stop
those particular hearings right now in
the middle you can finish as they
eventually of course did and then you
could start the investigation tomorrow
you could started Friday over the
weekend you could say and and the
Democrats made clear going forward in
the rest of their testimony
look we're not trying to delay this for
months and get passed listen just one
week and Coons asked them as
specifically senator Cruz are you
willing to do a one-week investigation
of the FBI and Cavanaugh never gave an
affirmative answer because it's obvious
he doesn't want that investigation now
Senator Durbin continued pressing him on
the FBI investigation and Cavanaugh gave
an answer which we're gonna go to in
just a second but I just want to quickly
reference the beginning of the previous
video we showed you featuring Senator
Durbin's question now in the very
beginning he references what Cavanaugh
said during his opening statement which
is that he is ready and willing to
participate in and invest in an
investigation and what is what's going
on are did you lie during the opening
testimony because it seems like it he's
dodged the question so many times in
fact here's an example of that I would
hope that all the members of the
committee would join me in saying we're
going to bide by your which wishes and
we will have that investigation
I welcome whatever the committee wants
to do cuz I'm telling the truth I want
to know what you wanted I I'm telling it
I want to know what you want to do Jane
isn't I'm an innocent of this charge
that you're prepared for an FBI
investigate on reached conclusions you
reach the conclusion they do investigate
questions just can't have it both ways
judge you can't say here at the
beginning I want it is your moment like
well any kind of investigation this
thing was in this thing was sprung at
the last minute after being held by
staff you know judge and I called throat
I'm very hearing immediately if there is
no truth to her charges the FBI
investigation will show that are you
afraid that they might not mom
Jay wait what's the g-wiz thing at the
end I mean it isn't that the heart of
the question that are you afraid that
they of an FBI investigation why don't
you want it
so like when he spells it out on what
gee-whiz okay so look the way that the
day progressed she gives very credible
testimony all Republicans even FoxNews
admit so then he comes in with super
emotionally charged opening statement
and I think he wins at a minimum to
repeal a lot of the Republicans back
with his testimony you might not have
liked it you might have thought it was
too angry etc but it did work for its
intended audience and and I think that
for a lot of Americans especially if
that's the only thing they saw they
might have been moved by it so but still
in a best-case scenario they're at a tie
right and probably not it not in my
estimation but that's his best-case
scenario then they go to the questioning
of Kavanaugh and they ask him okay well
look you say you didn't you weren't
treated fairly and you want to do
process okay let's give you more due
process let's do the investigation no
wait a minute
but you say that this was sprung on you
at the last second okay that's fair so
let's take I'm not talking about
belaboring let's say one more week to to
give you more due process and to get me
look and guys you know it I I've told
you Anna's told you if it was you who
was charged and it was totally made up
or you thought my god that woman sounded
really really credible and and so I
believed her but it definitely wasn't me
I know who wasn't me of course I would
want the FBI to investigate so maybe
they could find the guy who didn't do it
I mean isn't that a possibility just
think about that guys if you're a
Republican or conservative if the FBI
looked into it isn't it possible they'd
find the real person isn't it possible
if you think he didn't do it that she
messed up and as
does she really you know it happened to
her and she's so earnest and genuine but
it turns out she got the wrong guy maybe
just maybe the FBI could find that and
clear his name so by the end of the day
his constant refusal to have the FBI
look into it uneven the score and and at
the end of the day I think people walk
away thinking she said over and over
again please let the FBI investigate he
said over and over again
don't let the FBI investigate that is
very very telling and I just want to do
something that we don't do often here
it's uit which is give the Democrats
credit because they brought it to this
hearing and I didn't expect it I really
didn't
there was a great line of questioning
there was strength from the Democratic
Party that I haven't seen in a really
long time and sorry and especially Anna
because when he came out over the top
angry and emotional
that is exactly what historically the
Democrats cower right oh no oh no it's
just gonna look bad but they didn't but
they didn't and and they and it's not
that they were angry back it's not that
they played politics back because if
they wanted to play politics they'd want
the FBI investigation to stretch out
longer past the election they gave up on
that was a political trick they gave up
on it they said no no this will be done
with a whole month left before the
election so that is no longer a concern
if you were a Republican we told you
from day one that that was a legitimate
political concern but that's now gone so
there's no excuses left and then they
asked strong important logical questions
that showed you what Israel intent is so
yes credit to the Democrats for finally
stepping up to easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
