a former assistant producer who worked
at NBC and had what she defined as a
somewhat consensual sexual affair with
Matt Lauer is now sharing her story and
while she says that her encounter with
him was not unlawful and it was not
criminal she feels that there was a
certain level of manipulation that went
on and she wants to share her story so
at the time that she was working at NBC
and and close to Matt Lauer she was 24
years old she was an assistant producer
hoping that one day she could be a
successful anchor like Katie Couric and
so at some point after working on The
Today Show she decided that in order to
get to that position as an anchor she
would need to go to a smaller market
work as an anchor there and then get
some experience and hopefully work her
way up to a show like the today's show
so she made it known after two years of
working at today that she was gonna
leave to go to West Virginia and anchor
at a local news station there she says
that as soon as Matt Lauer realized that
she was gonna be leaving he started
coming on to her rather aggressively and
she had the messages saved to provide
evidence so these are all messages from
2000 and in one of the messages he sent
her he said the following I hope you
won't drag me to personnel for saying
this but you look fantastic I don't know
what you have done or what is going on
in your life but it's agreeing with you
so that was the first message he sent
her where he's very clearly hitting on
her she says I thanked him and I told
him about my new job I'd like to get a
little advice from you before I leave
and she really wanted him to mentor her
she really wanted to succeed in this
media career and apparently after that
she didn't hear from him much but then a
month later the messages begin again a
month later I got another message from
Matt I remember exactly what I was
wearing it was a skirt heels and a top
and he apparently wrote to her and said
the following ok now you're killing me
you look great today a bit tough to
concentrate one afternoon he told me to
come see him in his office I thought he
was finally going to talk to me and
encouraged me professionally i sat
across from him many
a button from his desk and the door
shuts it was embarrassing because his
secretary was sitting outside he wanted
to do stuff I was like no I'm so in over
my head I'm not a performance artist
okay and by the way they did not do
stuff that they did not do anything
hello and he didn't do it right now
later on the relationship became sexual
okay so at that point they had you know
I don't know how many she wasn't detail
every single one of them but they had
sexual encounters the last one was at
the Democratic National Convention in
one of the bathrooms in 2000 and then
that was that was the last time and then
she moved on to anchor in in West
Virginia but she said that you know she
felt sick to her stomach about
everything that happened and she felt
like it really did you know destroyed
the trajectory of her career so let me
be clear about most of the things that I
think we easily agree on and then let's
get to a really tough conversation okay
so the things that we agree on so he
just married two years at that point and
he's cheating on his wife with no
compunctions look I don't know that it's
our place to judge him for that and
that's his personal life but obviously
that's not cool we all agree to that I
think we all agree you can't sleep with
people that work for you you're the big
star there so you're taking a risk you
take that risk they catch you even if
it's consensual you're your fire okay
and it's not the first time matt lauer
did this he apparently this a lot of
times so him being fired it's not really
much of an issue okay we all I think
agree to that him having the button
under his desk
super super creepy we all agree to that
yes weird that NBC was complicit in that
but okay yeah so yeah how do you know
about the button and you don't do
something right so the part to me that
is tricky and then we'll have this
conversation is she says that it was
consensual she said at two or three
times in this in her description of this
but she said that he she was traumatized
and it hurt her career and presumably
Lauer should have known that and he's a
bad guy for that so that's where I'm I
don't know that that's yeah I just don't
know
let me give you more context into when
things took a turn for the worst so at
this point she's in West Virginia
anchoring for a local station there and
one day she gets out of work and she
says that there was a National Enquirer
reporter there who had somehow caught
wind of their affair and she freaked out
she didn't answer anything and
apparently called Lauer and then at that
point Lauer had completely ghosted her
and then she was working at a different
media organization and was working with
Maria Menounos and they were gonna do a
project together that they were pitching
to NBC and apparently when Menounos
tried to pitch it to NBC and NBC found
out that Addie Collins was involved in
it they're like no we don't work with
her she says bad things about us but she
had never said anything negative about
NBC ever and so she put two and two
together and realized okay Lauer's
behind the scenes he doesn't want me
there and it's gonna negatively impact
my career and it did so that's what she
meant by so but by the way she was on
The Today Show later Steve kappes the
guy who run ran the news division there
at the time at NBC put her on the air
for that project for something for
something else
okay so and if you're questioning her
credibility she rightly points out well
she could have just told the National
Enquirer she was interested in money
they would have paid her and she could
have done that way early and she never
did that right and if Matt Lauer put a
directive on to not put her on air
anymore because he's worried that she
was gonna talk about National Enquirer
then he's a total ass and and and that's
maybe fairly established already right
so those are all things that he's guilty
of but what I'm asking you guys because
as a guy I have to confess to not
getting it is if if they have a
consensual affair there and she says she
was flattered by it by his attention she
was she was happy about it now she says
she's traumatized how was Matt Lauer's
supposed to know that I'm it's a real
question well I don't know if she
expects Matt Lauer to know that but I do
know that why was it when I was 24 it's
completely different than who I
now and what she was saying was that she
was young she was impressionable she was
gullible she did say it was a consensual
relationship and and what she said so I
mean I think if we're questioning the
integrity of them for having an
adulterous affair that's fair because
they didn't she knew that he was married
he and he was cheating on his wife but
what I do think
I think her motivation is to help put
the spotlight on Matt Lauer's integrity
because other people who who were not in
a consenting relationship with him feel
that you know people won't believe them
and she could shed some light on who he
really is but that might this might hurt
their cause because I got to tell you
from a guy's perspective you and and you
guys can say it's terribly wrong but
that's why we're having this
conversation right so we all learn from
each other well a guy's perspective
looks at this goes wait perfectly
consensual later becomes non-consensual
and so I'll pause there and go that I
don't know what that means something you
got to help me out with that and for and
for for other guys who are not
progressive like I am for conservatives
for moderates they're gonna go ah well
it turns out all this is not real look
right and that hurts cause the cause no
I get what you're saying and I
understand people getting turned off by
this angle of the conversation but it's
an important angle because this is
separate from rape this is separate from
sexual assault so you can't really put
it in that that group what this is is
you know it kind of makes you question
what consent means because of certain
environments and certain power dynamics
even if you are a strong-minded 24 year
old it's really really hard to say no to
the top star at NBC especially why I'm
sure she was flattered right it is
flattering to know that someone as
powerful finds you attractive there's no
question about that but when push comes
to shove even if she didn't really want
to have sex with him here's the most
powerful person at NBC super
intimidating you know coming on to you
pretty aggressively I mean there's that
power dynamic there that makes consent a
very tricky issue and I think that's
what the conversation is really about
and that's but look that's why for for
guys this is what she really believes
and so take note of that and if you
think it's perfectly fine they they
might not actually think it's perfectly
fine even though there seem to be saying
that so let's just process that let's
understand that now but for women though
I'm sorry but you got to be like you
can't say it's great and then later turn
around and say I was traumatized every
every woman has a story about a
relationship that they thought was great
that later turned out that they they
thought it was great because of whatever
state they were in at that time where
your self-esteem was I know I regret a
really long-term relationship that I
haven't people who know me know who it
is and I thought I was in bliss but what
I will say is maybe she imagined if you
think you're in a relationship with
somebody in that person has your back
and you guys are cool even if it is an
adulterous relationship that's your boy
you guys are meeting up in closets doing
whatever it is you got this little this
little romance going and then all of a
sudden he's like ghosting you and then
you have an opportunity for work and you
think that's your boy but he used his
his power to see to it that she didn't
get her show and that's by far the worst
part I totally agree with you on that
right but the ghosting thing actually
though makes me go to the other side
right meaning that like it's I'm telling
you what guys are gonna think right or
wrong some guys are gonna think oh so
you were mad that he didn't continue a
relationship with you well I mean that
that's always the go-to but I think that
one of the things we need to get past is
that everything is always everything is
always framed in accordance to what guys
think and I think that's been a big part
of the problem because so that's a great
point that's a great point because and I
look at it from a guy's perspective
because I'm a guy
great and and so stories like this make
me go wow I would have never thought
that that they that folks were thinking
that way and it's important for us all
to know that right now but you go ahead
I just wanted to make just a quick point
I mean I I don't think
it's that difficult to prevent
situations like this if you're a guy and
you're concerned right if you're a man
at a company in a position of power
don't go preying on the powerless to get
your rocks off you know what I'm saying
and that's what that's what was
happening with Lauer it wasn't just with
this woman it was a very well-known
pattern that he would go after you know
associate producers or just low-level
employees people who didn't have power
so it's a bad idea don't first don't
have sex at work or with people at work
okay but more importantly if you are in
a position of power do not engage in
sexual relationships with people who
work for you it's unacceptable so but we
again to reiterate what I said in the
very beginning that's clear Laur being
fired is not a close question right so
in any if you're a person in power at
that job you have sex with someone
that's under you at that job you are
risking getting fired or cave so that's
that's just the fact that's there's that
there's not a lot of grey zone there
right but but when we talk about what
she's okay she's 24 he's a powerful guy
in his 40s mm-hmm I got to be honest
with you again I I thank God that I'm
married and I don't have to deal with
this stuff because let's say I'm single
okay so where do I draw the line 24 I'm
not talking about work that's easy
that's an easy line I meet someone I am
powerful in the internet world I don't
know I'm not but you know what I'm
saying but where do I draw that line how
much power do I have
is she 24 25 26 I'm asking real
questions and I don't know the answers
well me he would he had a he there's a
batch of women than half Matt Lauer
stories if this was an isolated incident
then you could you could look at this
and say okay this seems a little weird
and but he's a he's a this is a pattern
for him yeah the same is men in
positions of power knowing that there
are young women who want to make it in
the industry and so they take advantage
of them in that scenario so the scenario
that you're mentioning outside of the
workplace is actually very different
because you don't have control or power
over the woman unless she's coming to
you hoping to get a job or something
like that you know what I'm saying so
again with Weinstein with with Lauer
with all these other guys that we talk
about Russell Simmons these are men in
positions of power in in specific
industries and they go out looking for
women you that they already work with
that aren't in positions of power or
women who want to make it in the
industry and then let me ask one more
question if you're a guy out there and
you have some degree of power in an
industry mm-hmm should you be careful
and not sleep with any woman in your
industry under the age of 25 what
literal question I don't know if it has
to do with dating somebody who's 25 I
mean I think it's impossible to look at
the situation without looking at the
pattern but what I will say is is if you
look at these guys if you look at all of
the guys that we're talking about it is
true they do prey on young weak women
who don't have power and they get
there's something that they're getting
off on this is beyond the sexual thing
it's a mental thing of getting off on
people who are and that's what rapists
do and what I will tell guys is what she
just said is like if you know if you
know that you work at a place where you
have power then don't sleep with the PA
don't sleep with the assistant the girl
getting the coffee I you know I'm not 25
anymore so my reality has changed but I
will tell you it was Matt Lauer and and
all these guys were talking about they
are just the guys who got busted and and
I keep saying that over and over again
it it the the reality is that they don't
think and this was happening during a
time where they were getting away with
it you hear about Bill Cosby and they
were like oh everybody knew not to go
over there because they were not getting
in trouble
so that also speaks to who they are they
keep doing stuff because they know that
there are no consequence and that people
will cover for them yeah yeah so the
last thing I'll say to the audience is
look it is not only easy but
understandable that if you're in the two
different camps that you're gonna get
really angry okay so if you're a woman
who has had to deal with any of this you
don't want to hear the other side and
you know one's heart all like but
they're here but how about this I'm why
about that and you're tired of my stupid
questions right and you say look I've
dealt with this stuff and you're not
getting
right you get angry if you're a guy and
you don't have a female perspective you
go what the hell I'm not supposed to
have sex with anybody now because I'm
slightly more powerful to them and you
get angry right well instead of getting
angry what I'm asking you to do and it's
a hard ask is to listen to the other
side and have conversations like this
without getting really angry at each
other and hearing each other out and
hopefully we get to a better place well
you can fight for women to get equal pay
and have equal power and then you can
date your equal and then this is not an
issue that's a wonderful solution what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
