last Thursday in New Mexico there was a
school shooting that led to Stute two
students being killed as well as the
shooter himself now this happened last
Thursday I only found out about this
today I think many people in America
only found out about this particular
school shooting today because I did some
research trying to find information from
last week or the weekend about this and
I found an article on people.com and
that was pretty much it and we're gonna
give you details about the person
because actually a lot of information
about this particular shooter has come
out and maybe we can figure out why it
is that this wasn't exactly burning up
the news over the course of last weekend
so this person who went in and shot up
the school frequented alt-right websites
and forums sometimes posting in her
names like Adam Lanza or the incredibly
subtle future mass shooter often writing
messages that glorified school shootings
in fact there is a forum effective paper
trail going back for five years where he
has consistently glorified mass
shootings in general and school
shootings in particular ends up
committing a school shooting a mass
shooting in 2016 he posted a comment
online asking where he can buy a cheap
assault rifle that was enough for the
FBI to visit him the FBI unfortunately
though said that he was cooperative and
enjoyed truly on the internet and look
we've got a lot of information about
some of the things that this person said
like many people who frequent these
alt-right websites just says that he
just likes riling people up on the
internet just like trying to see Zach to
shock people likes to play with their
sensitivities and all that also wanted
to murder people for years and look
there's comments in these posts about
you know cultural decay and hedonism use
of the n-word you know attacks on LGBT
community all that this is a person who
is absolutely terrible and had a huge
trail going back where you could see
this activity in fact he was so
reprehensible in some of his views that
these extremist white supremacist
websites he was banned from some other
forums because he was going a step too
far even for them and the thing is it
seems like this guy who had lots of
problems lots of terrible views found
websites on the internet that
radicalized him and a
eventually by talking to people about
shooting he was able to find a gun and
then committed this act and we've got a
quote from Ryan lense of the Southern
Poverty Law Center says what we found
what these ideologies is that they
repeatedly lead to violence there's a
dual line of radicalization happening
too steep yourself in daily store more
rhetoric that's a white supremacist not
a neo-nazi website and the sites like it
is to put yourself in the headspace of
where the violence is when not if and
there's still people attempt to defend
this person but what's interesting is
this person who very clearly we know not
just exactly where he was radicalized
but all of his views in detail not one
reference to a foreign terrorist group
that he never met with or anything like
that but a multi-year history of
radicalization and yet it took a week
for this to start to spread out outside
of a people.com article in the wake of a
shooting that literally killed people
after all I mean there was the attempted
pipe bombing in New York in the last
week which rightfully got a lot of news
coverage but nobody even died in that
this guy literally killed people and
that was his goal radical whiteness is
killing more people than radical Islam
and radical ignorance is allowing it to
continue right why won't they call it by
its name okay so let's break down a
couple more things here one of the
things that he was this upset about was
quote bleak career prospects that's
right so and he's he wandered around
going any any said quote I was born into
a literal dystopia well in a lot of ways
that's what America has become very hard
to get a job you and if you do get a job
its minimum wage a minimum wage a
national minimum wage gives you $15,000
a year which is almost nothing right so
to be fair though he referenced it being
a dystopia because he saw gay people in
line at a store know both both he talked
about how he's being crushed and has no
prospects and then he blamed the dirty n
words and the F words and all the other
things but I will say I know that we
have a disagreement about this and no
amount of studies are really gonna
change that but Vox has a great analysis
just out today of new surveys of
millennial Trump supporters that show
definitively that what predicted Trump's
support amongst Millennials is
resentment it's not economic anxiety in
fact they show that raychel racial
resentment even controlling for
education employment status all of that
that predicts economic anxiety that they
develop is reinforced wake of racial
resentment it doesn't lead to racial
resentment it is a product of it
you hate the other and then that starts
to affect how you view that and when you
have a mouthpiece who is someone who
clearly has racial resentment himself of
his predecessor and allows this to go on
without being challenged then it's the
perfect storm I hate to use that cliche
but it really everything came together
perfectly for that and and look without
getting sidetracked in that debate I
think that these they reinforce each
other right
so oh I'm in bad shape why am I in bad
shape because of those sons of bitches
maybe you thought they were sons of
bitches to begin with and then you look
at your life and go my life's terrible
why not because the powerful that set
the laws and the rules but because of
the other guy who's also suffering right
because employment and black communities
is so great yeah they walk in and they
go alright where do I go into cash my
power right you can't even cut your
finger if you're an undocumented so now
another part of this story is the media
reaction so you wonder why their bigotry
sometimes gets confirmed for people so
Trump says it yes and that's a huge part
of it and and some people already
believed it and what doing Trump a
person in power says it gets further
confirmed but when the media has a
alt-right shooter yeah blip and then
we're done with it and when you have a
Muslim shooter bomb or whatever oh okay
look I don't mind that did the giant
brouhaha okay is you should I mean bruja
is the wrong word giant you know concern
I got family in New York our friends in
New York I got a lot of concern Michael
has friends and family in New York we
had a lot of concern when we hear
there's a bomber in New York right yeah
but we also have a lot of concern when
there is an all right bomber in the
middle of Kansas and they're planning to
blow up our apartment building another
story that got almost no coverage and
these guys this cetera you should have
an equal
concern but when you don't and when the
media de-emphasizes this and quadruple
emphasizes the other one it makes
everybody go come on what are you crazy
sob viously the Muslims I turn on my TV
and they told me it was the Muslims and
now in reality right-wing extremism
causes twice as many terrorist acts in
America as Muslims extremism
they're both grilled they should both be
combatted but if you heard if you turn
on your TV would anyone think that no
they think the Muslims are the problem
of course not and look let alone you but
I know that like so me and jr. like this
this we saw this today we both had today
like we we can for so many places to
find news and we didn't see it for four
or five days like to slip past both of
us let alone you that's not easy that
takes almost like a a willful act from
the media to not have picked up on this
may people died yeah
and but that's because we're so used to
mass shooters and or but it's part of
that that's true is there white though
as long as they're white yes if you as
Muslim do you think nobody would be
picked it up come on even you don't
believe that no matter who you are Sean
Hannity would be doing a special
Facebook live broadcast on would have
tweeted about it already okay they've
gone down there now another layer to
this the FBI first of all wonderful job
figuring out this guy might be a problem
so credit where credit is due and I've
given the FBI a lot of credit in cases
like this the media might not be paying
attention but the FBI actually does a
decent job of tracking right-wing
terrorists they're indicators Jenk yeah
yeah well they have been defunded for
this sort of investigation we know that
under tonight but in in when some of the
right-wing came out when Trump
criticized the FBI and said oh if
they're if they're political then we
should ignore what they said and people
who worked at FBI said are you nuts at
least two-thirds of the FBI agents are
deeply conservative and so if you start
saying if you have a political opinion
you're it's a D legitimate investigation
now we'll let the Liberals get away with
anything they want cuz they can say oh
my god these FBI agents are all
conservative so now I think trey gowdy
might have a political feeling now in
this particular case I'm not trying to
get it on the agent they did a good job
of tracking the guy down in the first
place
but so they came in they would see a
white guy who says I'm just kidding
around on the Internet
if they saw a Muslim guy who was
threatening to kill all these people
and he said oh don't worry I'm just
kidding I'm just rolling you're right do
you think that the FBI walks and goes oh
no he's just kidding it's okay though
Mohammed is just having fun on the
Internet
maybe for probably not right and I don't
want him to think that cos sometimes
it's serious right
which leads to my final point on this
which is these guys constantly say go
all right and the white nationalist and
the right-wing online etc okay what do
you guys get all upset about when we use
the n-word we tell you how terrible
black people are I was stupid they're
high they're criminals are staying with
the freaking Latinos the Muslim or we
hate them so much what are you guys
still we're just getting around man what
are you guys and we say we're to kill
them we're gonna do all these things
we're just kidding I'm just kidding
no some of you are kidding and it's a
terrible way to kid in your piece of
crap if you do that oh I'm just having
fun by trying to really ruin other
people's lives and ruin their
self-esteem that's so much fun for me
okay you're a terrible person and his
friend defended him in this case his
friend said that he whoa I didn't think
he was enough of a moron to do this but
he did say some edgy things but he he
set him on both sides something like
that he's yeah yeah I mean that's
exactly what you were just saying jack I
mean these you can't just say oh I was I
really mean this no you can say that and
even if the bigger percentage of these
all right guys
and I can a I hope the bigger percentage
are not going to do anything they're
just terrible people that like to you
know attack other people for fun okay
and if you think that's like oh that's
they're good guys man they like to try
to ruin other people's lives for fun
okay fine whatever it Ben you're a
terrible person but that's fun like
that's like that's except freedom of
speech I get you get to do it you're a
bad person but you get to do it but if
you say no none of them are gonna do
anything bad even though they hate all
these people and they keep talking about
violence on top of violence on top of
violence you're wrong
a certain percentage of them are you're
gonna be shocked to find out are not
mentally fit that they're not all there
right and they're looking for glory like
this kid was he's like oh oh the guys
who commit suicide by themselves don't
get any media coverage the ones that
murder
other people get all the glory so I want
some of that glory yeah they're losers
they're total losers that's why they get
so angry at the rest of the world
they're so angry at anyone who might
succeed who they view is above them
that's why they want to try to put them
below them and then when they threaten
violence a certain percentage will
commit it so it so it does matter if
you're threatening violence online it
matters and it should be investigated
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
