act Imre is an immunosuppressive
medication used to treat the symptoms of
moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis
the medication was first approved by the
FDA in 2010 the drugs been marketed to
doctors is not increasing the risk of
heart failure stroke and lung disease
which competing drug makers admit their
rheumatoid arthritis medication actually
does the problem is that Tamra does
apparently carry the same risks in the
manufacturers to mislead the FDA and
doctors in order to sell its drug
according to the news organizations stat
which specialises in medical journalism
patients taking at Tamra are 50% more
likely to suffer a heart attack or a
stroke than patients using umbrella a
competitive drug in fact stat analyzed
more than 500,000 reports of adverse
events during treatment with rheumatoid
arthritis drugs and found clear evidence
that the risk of heart attacks strokes
heart failure and other conditions were
as high or higher for patients with echt
Imre than they were with patients with
competing drugs the failure of act mber
to carry a proper warning has led
doctors to overly prescribe this
medication to individuals who are
susceptible to heart and lung injuries
in its lead doctors to fail to monitor
these patients more closely for
potential harm as they ordinarily would
do drug makers Roche and genatech the
manufacturers that Tamra are now facing
thousands of potential lawsuits
plaintiffs lawyers claimed that Roche
and genatech failed to properly test act
Imre before placing it on the market
they failed the warned doctors and
failed to warn patients that the
medication was just as likely to cause
serious injuries as all the competitor
drugs concealed evidence of the dangers
of the drug from the government in
public was one of the claims
misrepresentation of safety of the
medication in its marketing material in
publication that was one of the claims
the truth is it pays to understand what
dangers any drug might cause before you
take that drug don't just take the word
of the doctor do your research find out
for yourself before you
start taking a medication especially if
that medication has not been on the
market for more than ten years
you
