Donald Trump is still having his daily
intelligence briefings edited so that
there's no information in there that
could possibly upset him and cause him
to go off into some kind of manchild
temper tantrum according to senior
intelligence officials who have worked
in the White House they said that
intelligence briefings every single day
are being edited or rewritten in a
certain way to prevent Donald Trump from
ever coming across any information that
is going to upset him specifically all
of the information coming from
intelligence agencies that show that
yeah Russia did interfere with the 2016
election they've said that when Trump
gets that kind of information he gets
absolutely apoplectic he can't handle it
he lashes out at staff he's lashes out
at intelligence officials so they've
decided the best way to handle this
situation is to not show it to him they
did admit that sometimes they will
handwrite it in there towards the end
because they know he won't ever read
that far so that they could stow claim
yes we did show you this let me explain
this in a way that I think everybody can
understand all right I have a very young
son and he hates the Grinch recently we
were watching it with the rest of the
kids and he started crying and ran out
of the room upset when the Grinch came
on TV it scared him so we decided to
turn it off when we let him come back in
the room because we didn't want to upset
him by letting him you know see this
scary Grinch on TV he's three by the way
just turned three on September 11th of
this year
Donald Trump is a man in his 70s he's
not a three-year-old child afraid of a
cartoon that's going to give him bad
dreams he's the President of the United
States we can't dumb him down to the
level and handle him with the same kind
of kid gloves that we do a toddler
especially on something as important as
intelligence matters of all the people
in this country I think Donald Trump
could could benefit from a little bit
more intelligence even in the form of a
briefing but this is the way the country
run
today Donald Trump doesn't know want to
know what's happening in the rest of the
world he doesn't want to know what's
happening in the United States he just
wants to know when he's got a chance to
go get another Big Mac and then go play
around at golf
he has not fit to be the president of
the United States and if our
intelligence officials are having to
leave out vital national security
information from his briefings to avoid
him running out of the room crying then
that proves this man is not mentally
stable enough to be the president of the
United States thanks for watching and if
you like what you see here on Ring of
Fire we encourage you to subscribe to
our Channel you can see the little
subscribe button down there but if
you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
