if you are watching the Returns come in
on Tuesday night for the Alabama special
Senate election they kept showing you
know the Doug Jones headquarters of the
Roy Moore headquarters things that Roy
Moore's headquarters obviously pretty
quiet throughout most of the night
especially towards the end as the final
results were trickling in but over at
the Doug Jones side people were going
absolutely nuts over the fact that Doug
Jones first of all was about to win and
then did win the special election just
take a look at how excited everybody in
that room got when those last returns
came in wolf it is absolutely deafening
in here this means just coming across
the screen there from the horse
mouth
and barely hear myself absolute
jubilation this is coming in a lot
sooner than people thought I've been
told by senior campaign sources that
they're expecting us to go on all night
they thought it was to be extremely
close and then it come down to a coin
flip and now here in this ballroom at
the Birmingham Sheraton you've got
people pouring in the people in that
room have absolutely every right to be
that ecstatic even more so Doug Jones is
the first Democrat to win a Senate seat
from the state of Alabama since the year
1990 27 years since that state last
elected their last Democrat to the
United States Senate and most of the
credit let's not forget this most of the
credit for that victory goes to black
women they turned out in that state in
record numbers on Tuesday and they are
the group that propelled Doug Jones into
that Senate seat I hope I hope Doug
Jones remembers that and more
importantly I hope the rest of the
Democratic Party understands that you
can shape your policies to make sure
that you let that one group that one
group that is always on your side let
them know that you're also on their side
that's the challenge now last night was
the time for celebration and possibly
even through Wednesday but beyond that
it's time to get to work it's time to
let these women know and and in
african-american men they were they were
out there in strong force - Doug Jones
won every single block of white voters
men women college-educated non-college
educated
it was the african-american vote and
specifically African American women that
put Doug Jones in the Senate and it's
time that we understand that and we
respect that and we stopped the economic
warfare basically that we have launched
as a country on that group of people we
have to do better they've done better
for us and now it's time for doug jones
to get into the Senate and make damn
sure that everybody there understands
why he's there
and who put him there because it just as
easily could have swung the other way
had he not been running against an
accused pedophile I seriously doubt this
election would have gone in Jones's
favor but because of the constant
attacks we've seen on the African
American community from the president
from these racist organizations that are
popping up feeling empowered now these
men and women came out on Tuesday and
they showed that they're not gonna back
down they're gonna come out in full
force and they made the difference that
is what we all need to learn from this
so yes we need to be celebrating like
the people in that room were but not
just for Doug Jones for every African
American in the state of Alabama that
came out and helped put him in office
thanks for watching and if you like what
you see here on Ring of Fire we
encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel you can see the little subscribe
button down there but if you're watching
it on another device where you can't see
it go to youtube.com slash the Ring of
Fire hit subscribe be notified every
time we get a new video
