recently during Donald Trump's trip to
Asia he told us that he doesn't spend a
lot of time watching TV because of all
the documents that he has to read well
according to a new report by the New
York Times Donald Trump does in fact
watch quite a bit of TV and those
closest to him in the White House say
that he spends at least four hours a day
in front of a television sometimes as
many as eight hours every single day
watching cable news the report also says
that Donald Trump has placed the remote
control for the televisions in the White
House on a perpetual state of dibs
meaning that if he is around he is the
only one who is allowed to change the
channel or adjust the volume on the
television he also has what he refers to
as a super TiVo so that he can record
all of the cable news shows that he
misses and watch them later and get
angry and tweet about them to millions
of people in this country this is not
really a surprise here we all understood
that Donald Trump clearly spent a lot of
time watching television seeing is how
most of his tweets kind of coincide with
what Fox News happens to be reporting at
that time or sometimes what CNN happens
to be reporting about another thing that
this particular report by the New York
Times brought up was the fact that
Donald Trump is binging every day on Big
Macs filet-o-fish sandwiches and
chocolate milkshakes now according to
the report he's eating two Big Macs to
fillet a fish and a chocolate milkshake
each day at lunchtime which would be
well over I think about 2600 calories
per day every day during lunch that
particular part of the story I'm not
entirely sure that I agree that that
happens somebody may have fed them some
false information on that because a diet
like that for a guy like Trump at his
age with his lifestyle that's going to
kill you rather quickly so I find it
hard to believe that Donald Trump is in
fact eating that much every day although
the report does say that yes
obviously he does have an affinity for
fast-food something we've all known
since the campaign and pretty much even
before that the bottom line is this
Donald Trump is not getting any work
done as president and I don't even know
if that's a bad thing considering the
fact that he's been golfing at least 80
days throughout his entire presidency so
far the fact that he spent one out of
every three days at a Trump branded
property coupled with the fact that he
spends four to eight hours per day
watching television that doesn't leave a
lot of time for those alleged documents
that he claims to be reading all of the
time but again the more time that he
spends watching TV the more times that
he spends on the golf course or at his
own properties the less time that he has
to go repeal regulations or help pass
new legislation that's going to screw
over the majority of Americans so if
Trump just wants to kick back every day
in the White House eating his Big Macs
and watching Fox News I am perfectly
fine with that as long as it prevents
him from passing any new laws that are
contained going to continue screwing
over the middle class and the working
class in the United States thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on Ring of Fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our Channel
you can see the little subscribe button
down there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
