Republican representative Blake
Farenthold has been under fire over
revelations that back in 2014 he settled
a case of sexual harassment for 84
thousand dollars which would be bad
enough if it was his eighty four
thousand dollars unfortunate was your
four thousand dollars that he used
because he sexually harassed someone and
got caught and there he is
you can believe he sexually harassed
people so today he has released a video
talking about what his future in
politics will or won't be and here's an
excerpt from that video I've never
served in public office before I had no
idea how to run a congressional office
and as a result I allowed a workplace
culture to take root in my office that
was too permissive and decidedly
unprofessional
it accommodated disgust destructive
gossip offhand comments off-color jokes
and behavior that in general was less
than professional and I allow the
personal stress of the job to manifest
itself in angry outbursts and too often
a failure to treat people with respect
that they deserved that was wrong in
recent weeks there's been a renewed
focus on the allegations that were made
against me by a former employee several
years ago I want to be perfectly clear
the charges that were made are false
in spite of this I understand fully that
this issues become a political
distraction and that I would be forced
to engage in a month-long campaign for
personal vindication that's not why I
came to Congress quite simply my
constituents deserve better
they deserve a primary campaign that's
focused on the serious issues facing our
country and our state and fixing a
broken system therefore I'm announcing
my decision not to run for reelection
so there you saw initially his apology I
guess this isn't an apology he said he
didn't do it but he was talking about
the culture that he created there which
I found to be a sort of flawed way to
characterize the situation because it
doesn't seem like lots of people were
doing bad stuff it seemed like he was
doing bad
stuff but he owned up to some
generalities about his behavior and then
denied any of the specifics which is odd
but he is going to be stepping down he's
not going to be running for re-election
in 2018 now interestingly he talked
about the primary there because the
deadline to withdraw from the primary
race in his congressional district has
already expired his name will likely
remain on the ballot during the primary
on March 6th even though he
theoretically will not accept it if he
still goes on to win understand that
it's not just that he might have to
defend himself theoretically
he's currently under investigation by
the House Ethics Committee for sexual
harassment towards a former aide lauren
green that was confirmed by paul ryan
recently and there's a number of other
incidents that are coming forward a
former coworker of his has specific
details which we can get to but overall
the interesting thing about this is he
apparently believes that either it would
be a distraction or that it would turn
out that he did what they said he did
and he might have to resign and so he's
preemptively coming forward and saying
that he won't run again but he is not
stepping down and so for basically half
of his term he will continue forward as
a representative voting on important
bills yeah so two points here that I
wanted to make one is I love the
beginning of that video where he's like
now I had no idea on a congressional
office I mean I'm I'm a total clown I
didn't know what I was doing then why
did you ask for people's vote okay
that's not really a good excuse I'm
hoping that if you run you think that
you're up to the job and and part of
being up to the job is running an office
it's what Trump you say all the time
like oh once I get into the White House
I'll figure everything out I'll know
it's so well it'll make your head spin
No yeah one how did it work out - you're
supposed to know that before you run for
office I don't want you to learn on the
job if you're president or you're a
member of Congress so that was a very
poor excuse second of all distraction
it'll be a distraction the world's worst
excuse I hate it I can't stand it when
Democrats do it I can't stand it when
Republicans - it's either you're
innocent and what you're gonna step down
because other people in your party said
it would be
distraction okay that's ridiculous
or that you did it shut up and say you
did it yeah I know pretend that it's
just because oh people will be slightly
distracted what is I don't even know
what that means you either did it or you
didn't do it and in New York case it's
obvious you did it you paid the settle
settlement now you say you're gonna pay
it out of your finally says oh now that
you caught me I was having your tax
payers pay but now at a later date I
will pay you didn't forget it just say
it yeah you know don't give me this BS
about a distraction can we can we go
through a couple of these allegations
that are additionally coming out because
that I just would love the little twist
at the end
so Farenthold has also been accused in
addition to the case that we've already
talked about but of making sexually
inappropriate comments by one of his
other former aides Michael Ricola
Ricola claimed that Farenthold joked
prior to her colas wedding better have
your fiance blow you before she walks
down the aisle it will be the last time
oh no don't don't say that that's just
terrible he was on to say Farenthold
joked about whether recall his fiance
could wear white on her wedding day
depending on if she had had premarital
sex that's fun from your boss and then
furthermore outside of the sexual stuff
Ricola said this every time he didn't
like something he would call me a
fucktard or idiot he would slam his fist
down and rage and explode in anger he's
flying off the handle on every little
thing I couldn't find a way to control
it now CNN wanted to confirm or deny
this so they went to Farenthold and
Farenthold denied most of the staffers
claims but said he did regularly call
aids fucktards but said it was in jest
not Avenger okay it was a light-hearted
fucktard yeah look we cover this story
earlier and this Michael guys some new
allegations the more serious allegations
are from the women that worked in his
office and they always had to have
somebody escort him so that he wouldn't
get on women on the halls of Congress he
apparently particularly like redheads I
believe
and Soho and and so look I happen and
everybody's got a different thing
different standards and stuff but you
got to be cognizant that you're the boss
right and so if you want to joke around
with your friends about what's gonna
happen after marriage that's your
business man nobody's getting mean like
I think people sometimes misunderstand
these stories like what I can't say to
Bob will say about his fiancee or
whatever no you can say anything you
want to Bob as long as you don't Bob's
not reporting in to you right and you
can you call your friend Bob a fucktard
have at it Hoss go nuts but not should I
guess I don't know
not if you're his boss now look to
sexual harassment stuff is why he's gone
but I a note on just overall harassment
don't go around the office yelling at
everybody right so look this
disagreement since sometimes there's
just no way around the disagreements and
I know that the passions rise and it
happens in every office right but if
you're constantly going around yelling
at your employees like now you Eve
you obviously don't know how to manage
anyone yeah yeah I mean it's just an
absolute failure and management if
you're non-stop yelling at everyone like
if something's obviously gone wrong yeah
and you I mean even to what he said
about like admitting basically that he
didn't know how to control this thing he
doesn't know how to have people under
him and yet he wants to be a leader of
men and women and he can't control his
rage like you can have different reasons
for wanting to be a politician but I
think the idea should be that you have
your shit together
and you think in fact I think I know
what's going on I think I could help
other people's lives this dude he can't
even maintain a space 5 to 10 feet
around him and he wants to be
responsible for 400,000 plus people that
seems like a bad call yeah and and so
and look again I I don't so part of the
problem with these stories is that I
don't want to be overly judgmental and
so if you've lost your temper at work
hey everybody has it's not okay I get it
right but if you're the boss and you do
it non-stop that's a whole different
ball game I've heard that a lot the
fears that we are criminalizing joking
we're criminalizing normal conversation
and yes there is conversation like in
this case
about some of the things that he said
off-color jokes and things like that but
in this particular case he's not
resigning because of that and so far as
I know and I haven't tracked every
single one of these I don't think any of
these people in politics or media or any
of these areas are stepping down and
losing their careers because of
off-color jokes
yeah and comments that is that is the
frosting on the cake of abuse and
harassment harassment that's not what
people are losing a jobs for they're
losing their jobs because they're
sexually assaulting people generally so
good you can have those fears and we
should have that conversation as a
society but let's not imply that
people's lives are being ruined because
they made a joke you just watch the
video by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
