earlier this week Donald Trump
effectively tweeted out that a sitting
senator was a whore which was big news
for like 12 hours
what of world we live in these days but
the fact that neither Donald Trump nor
his representative Sarah Huckabee
Sanders could admit that what he had
tweeted was inappropriate at the very
least seemed sexual in nature I think
that rubbed a lot of people the wrong
way especially people in the media
because we're living in a world where
for the White House and for politicians
generally it doesn't seem that anything
matters anymore there's any recognition
of reality or any consequences for what
people do and because of that we have a
bit of a catfight going on between
morning Joe and the White House now
because of that frustration and so here
is Mika Brzezinski
of Morning Joe talking about her
concerns over how Sarah Huckabee Sanders
dealt with the reaction to that tweet
and I'll tell you right now Sarah
Huckabee Sanders I feel sorry for you
I've started a hashtag support for Sarah
and get your mind out of the gutter
I seriously support you in your quest
for truth in your quest for goodness in
your quest for love of country because
you haven't made it there yet
so that's what she said now some people
in the Huckabee clan didn't take well to
this I haven't heard a response directly
from Sarah Huckabee Sanders yet but we
do have Papa bear's Huckabee and here is
what he had to say about Micah's
criticisms of his daughter I was stunned
that of all the people who are going to
give a lecture on morality and family
and marriage it's gonna be mica I'm
sorry but I just found that stunning and
the fact is when I read the tweet by the
president I did not see it as sexual
innuendo I'll probably have to take half
a baby aspirin tonight just to be able
to get this because Mika Brzezinski
attacked my daughter who is one heck of
a strong lady a great mom a lovely wife
and a terrific public servant and she
deserves better from other women and it
just amazes me that even the women who
say they're feminists are doing
everything they can to discredit my
daughter and you know Mika can go pound
sand somewhere as far as I'm concerned I
am glad that we have found one area
where the what right respects feminism
and it's when they want conservative
women to be free from any criticism on
anything that they do
that is the only time they will use
feminism as it has a defense yeah I just
find everybody's reactions is absurd in
this case so we have more like but let
me start in on it first of all I get
what Mika is doing but you know it's
just I find a little slightly
disingenuous so the press secretary for
the president is supposed to cover for
the president that's their job and
oftentimes they lie for the president
and oftentimes they miss do misdirection
for the president so like this whole
disingenuous thing of like the press
Secretary's supposed to be an honorable
person not really no there are no Obama
not for bush and definitely not for
Trump I look I I agree obviously that
they're not supposed to be an honorable
person and they do typically lie that's
why brett erlich has started up his
honest press conferences sketches
because we expect some mostly
misdirection
you asked me a question and now I'm
talking about this oh you can't actually
you can't catch me and it could be that
I haven't paid attention to press
conferences that much but it doesn't
feel like there was as much brazen lack
of acknowledgment for reality as coming
out of sarah huckabee sanders in to a
lesser extent Sean Spicer so I said
we're due at 2:00 but she will take
something like it's not like an
interpretation of what a policy might do
and you deceive about it it's rough you
have words in front of your face but
let's bring up the tweet graphic 37 in
case you didn't you follow this from the
beginning says that she was begging for
campaign contributions and would do
anything for them and then she was used
and disloyal to a man to say that there
is no sexual innuendo there to say that
him tweeting out the Islamic phobic
videos a week or two ago doesn't mean
anything his anti-semitic comments don't
worry about that
when there's a quote in front of you and
she refuses to acknowledge the truth
that's there whether mica should have
worded it differently or not there's a
frustration that we're not playing fair
you even lie but lie right yeah I'm not
buying it no no not at all so so we know
whether the context of Donald Trump
exactly what he meant when he said to
megyn kelly
about megyn kelly she was bleeding from
her nose bleeding from wherever we know
exactly what that means you know what
kind of a sick guy Donald Trump is so
you know what he was referring to here
but what is Sarah how can be saying
they're supposed to do come out and go
oh you're the president's of absolute
Pig and he yeah and he meant sexually
that Gillibrand would do favors for him
you could say you know I I'm sorry it's
an indefensible comment and probably
lose your job no okay but here's why you
might so that you can earn when your
father goes on TV and says that she's an
honorable person who deserves better
because if you go out there and lie
about the blood coming out of her
wherever and you lie about this you're
not an honorable person
you don't deserve better no but there
are political hack of the worst kind and
you deserve every criticism that comes
your way but then I totally agree with
but my point is that we don't know but
then the poor my point is that once you
sign up for being press secretary of
Donald Trump you have signed up for a
world of lies and you've signed up to
cover his ass no matter what insane
horrific thing that he's going to do so
let's not pretend to be outraged that
Donald Trump's press secretary will lie
to us day in and day out if that's their
goddamn job and then on the other hand I
can't should be honestly outraged that
we are continually being lied to
okay and then Mike Huckabee on the other
hand like all of a sudden he's a
feminist like oh I can't believe that
another woman would criticize a woman no
you don't get to hide behind that you're
not a feminist you never stuck up for
other women and just because you're a
conservative woman doesn't mean that you
can't be criticized that's not how
feminism works they all they all seem to
think that though yes come in to the
books and clean Conway it's all well if
you are a feminist then clearly you must
agree with whatever the guys say day to
day no it means that women have the same
rights okay and yes of course you can
criticize liberal
sighs moderate woman you can criticize
conservative woman because in their mind
they think all liberals are trying to
control everything in feminists don't
want women to ever be criticized that's
not what they asked for they asked for
equal rights so they're like Oh Johnny
you criticize my daughter she's a woman
that must mean that you're a terrible
person no button you might be shocked to
find out that some feminists disagree
with other feminists no thought and
people want to focus on different things
amazing mike huckabee google it you can
learn a lot but so make is wrong and
Sarah Huckabee Sanders a little bit
wrong although we're not surprised about
it let's see if maybe we can find
somebody who has the right take on this
although probably not here is Joe
Scarborough a 100% unbiased defender of
me hey so I just saw Huckabee clip now
what a sleazy thing my what a sleazebag
Mike you go and you actually talk about
make an effort talked about marriage
she never lectured on the morality of
any of that what a sleazy thing for you
to do I just think that the judgmental
predictably stupid thing for you to do
it's unbelievable it's so funny I don't
I've never watched that show but I kind
of want to because I've never seen a
dynamic where like you know Jane no come
on Joe Joe come on Jake don't do it no
this this stick they do all the time and
it's borderline hilarious Jay is it
really like three hours of that yeah
yeah I mean I don't want you to either
but it's better than it's better than
them reading from a teleprompter I guess
yeah that's true
so either Joe plays that I'm protecting
my woman card here or like oh I'm going
to show you how you say that that
because you know and if you don't know
the background mica and and Joe were
married to different people they both
got divorced now they're gonna get
married to each other
that's their business what mike huckabee
was alluding to effectively calling her
insert whatever bad name you want
yeah and Mike Huckabee is a dick
throwing that in there Mika had never
brought up marriage or anything along
that line
Huckabee threw that in there just to be
like oh yeah I remember they fool around
oh yeah yeah Mike Huckabee I remember
you singing with Ted Nugent about how
that's pervert song that he has about
how he'd like to have sex with the
underage daughter of his neighbor right
so spare me spare me okay yeah and so
everybody here is comically wrong I I
don't pardon any of them I condemn
everyone involved in this play if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
