thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt are you willing
to ask the White House to authorize the
FBI to investigate the claims that have
been made against you well I'll do
whatever the committee wants of course
and I've heard you say that but witness
merge you ass I've not heard you answer
a very specific question that's been
asked which is are you willing to ask
the White House to conduct an
investigation by the FBI to get to
whatever you believe is the bottom of
the allegations that have been levied
against you the FBI would gather witness
statements you have I don't know I don't
want to debate with you how they do
their business
I'm just asking are you willing to ask
the White House to conduct such an
investigation because as you are aware
the FBI did conduct a background
investigation into you before we were
aware of these most recent allegations
so are you willing to ask the White
House to do that and say yes or no and
then we can move on I've had 6
background investigations over 26 years
as it relates to the recent allegations
are you willing to have them do it did
the witness testimonies before you no
witness who was there supports that I
was there ok I'm gonna take that as a no
we can move on now senator Kennedy
Thanks whole thing is I'm the reasonable
one mm-hmm
now you know at the end of the day the
vote is what matters he's your family
been through and I'm sorry for what dr.
Ford in her family had been through he
could have been avoided
not really even if she if they came
forward earlier you would have believed
in God go through this you oh please do
you believe in God yeah
I'm gonna give you a masked opportunity
we're right here right in front of God
and country I want you to look me in the
eye
oh wow this will do it our doctor forged
allegations truth they're not accurate
as to be I have not questioned that she
might have been sexually assaulted at
some point in her life by someone
someplace but as to me I've never done
this never done this to her or to anyone
else and I've talked to you about what I
was doing that summer of 1982 but I'm
telling you I've never done this to
anyone including her our ms ramirez's
allegations about you true those are not
she no no none of the witnesses in the
room support that the event that
happened that would have been the talk
of campus in our freshman dorm the New
York Times reported that as recently as
last week I like a Kennedy squinting to
see whooping Helders invade seeking two
statements well I'm not gonna
characterize it but calling classmates
last week and just seemed very I'll just
stop there but it's not true it's not
true our ms sweat Nick's allegations
made by mr. avenatti about you true
those are not true
never met her don't know who she is
there's a letter released within two
hours of that breaking yesterday from
unex team in high school men and women
said it was their words nonsense totally
you know the whole thing that totally
ridiculous
none of these allegations are true
correct no doubt in your mind zero I'm
100% certain
not even a scintilla not a scintilla
100% certain center you swear to God I
swear to God
oh wow he did it twice
it's all I have judge judge Cavanaugh
thank you very much
hearing adjourned okay so that I mean
John Kennedy's last questions there
senator Republican senator from
Louisiana you know in a way accidentally
summarize the absurdity of today these
incredibly old senators and and and
that's only relevant in that it is
emblematic of the decrepit power
structure in our country like hanging on
a power for dear life go to these
antiquated things like now do you swear
that God
yeah the guys swear to God a thousand
times that doesn't prove anything she
also swears the God everybody swears to
God right so and and then he squints he
said look me in the eye
really we're doing this they looked me
in the eye thing okay what different
he's been looking at you guys in the
eyes the nose to face the whole time
with your hair whatever what difference
does it make but he makes it seem like
no this is a good man who believes in
God and will look you and I that is not
remotely dispositive my question is will
he look the FBI in the eye okay will he
say hey there's two guys who say that
they did it I just told you I didn't do
it for God's sake get the FBI to look
those guys in the eye and figure out if
one of them did it I don't know how you
would do it but the FBI was pretty good
at this so it's just really silly
theatrics on the part of John Kennedy
they're right I want to go back to calm
Lew Harris's line of questioning and in
particular her very specific questions
regarding the FBI investigation and
again this was yet another opportunity
for Cavanaugh to reinforce what he
claimed in his opening testimony which
is that he's willing to allow for
investigation okay so you said that in
your opening testimony it appears that
you lied in your opening testimony
because you've been asked on multiple
occasions during this hearing whether or
not you will allow the FBI to do this
investigation and you will not answer
the question so two points there
one is I I thought that it was obvious
that he contradicted himself by saying
in the opening testimony that he wanted
to FBI to investigate they asked him and
then he says no over and over again he
won't say no but he clearly is Carla
Harris showed doesn't want to say yes he
doesn't want the FBI investigation Chris
look clear from not just calmly Harris's
questioning but dick Durbin's and Chris
Coons and and you know all those
Democratic senators and but I hadn't
thought over the way that Anna just put
it which is well you said you wanted one
and apparently you don't is that a third
case of perjury mm-hmm
but even if you say hey look that's just
the misunderstanding and not a lie how
is it a misunderstanding how is it a
misunderstanding to testimony that he
wanted to FBI investigate they said okay
let's do it
and don't worry about the elections
we'll do it in a week it would be still
be a months away from the elections well
not so much right but the second point
is arguably more important which is the
substance of it but why wouldn't you why
wouldn't you so , Harris was super super
clear don't tell me about oh the FBI
just gathers information and they don't
come to a conclusion we've already heard
that all day long we know and Senator
Harris is asking I would like to get
that information before I vote so that's
why I want the FBI to look into it and
they might even clear your name but do
you want that information that's all I
need the answer to do you want that
information and his answer was in
essence no on the go don't worry we got
you covered
you still listen to t whitey at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
