morgan spurlock is a documentary
filmmaker and you probably know him from
supersize me well today he released a
statement on twitter revealing why he
believes that he is part of the problem
that our society is addressing day by
day right now and that problem is the
rampant sexual abuse and sexual
harassment in a number of different
industries that a very often goes
unprosecuted with no consequences and
often very little discussion at all and
so he is preemptively coming out with a
statement that you can of course find
we're gonna read up portions of it
there's a number of other cases that he
mentions but here are a few that I found
most revealing he talked about why he's
doing this so he said as I sit around
watching hero after hero man after man
fall at the realization of their past
indiscretions I don't sit by and wonder
who will be next I wonder when will they
come for me you see I've come to
understand after months of these
revelations that I am NOT some innocent
bystander I am also a part of the
problem and he talks about a couple of
examples of this when I was in college a
girl who I hooked up with on a one-night
stand accused me of rape not outright
there were no charges or investigations
but she wrote about the instance in a
short story writing class and called me
by name a family friend who was in the
class told me about it afterwards I was
floored he said that's not what I
remembered I told her about the details
this wasn't how I remembered it at all
in my mind we'd been drinking all night
and went back to my room we began
fooling around she pushed me off then we
laid in the bed and talked and laughed
some more and then began fooling around
again we took off our clothes she said
she didn't want to have sex so we laid
together and talked and kissed and
laughed and then we started having sex
he goes on to say lite-brite she said
what he responded lite-brite that kids
toy that's all I can see and think about
she said and then she started to cry I
didn't know what to do we stopped having
sex and i rolled beside her i tried to
comfort her to make her feel better I
thought I was doing okay I believed she
was feeling better she believed she was
raped that's why I'm part of the problem
and that is there's others that we can
get to but that is the single biggest
most revealing I guess thing that he
admitted to in this statement so first
of all he talked about that he talked
about how he had said inappropriate
things to people he worked with and he
talked about infidelity
I just infidelity does them I don't
think it has any new with this and I so
he brought up as the context of his life
and I that's fair but that's just a
different animal those are conceptual I
think he was trying to lay out sort of a
pattern of what he was understanding
himself to be he said that he had
cheated on every wife and every
girlfriend he had had yeah okay I guess
as a personal issue for him so in terms
of that I look like we can't possibly
adjudicate what happened and he's the
one outing himself but I will say this I
think what a lot of guys have to
recognize is that that our perceptions
are different than other people's
perceptions and that's I know it sounds
so simple but it's actually usually the
number one problem that people can't see
outside their own perspective and so
Morgan Spurlock might have and you I
don't you can decide whether you believe
him or don't believe in mom whatever you
know but the actual details exactly but
the more important thing for as a
national conversation is that Morgan
Spurlock might have really believed that
he didn't do anything wrong and she
might have really believed that he had
done something terribly wrong yeah so it
might be that neither one is wrong in
the way that they perceived it they
could be wrong in the actions that they
took but and but I feel like oftentimes
people go into their camps and they
refuse to see the other side where the
guy says how could that be I but we were
joking and it was okay and etc and she
goes how could he not realize that I
didn't want to do it we had said no
twice I mean we did wind up doing it but
how did he not see that I was
uncomfortable right well that's that's
what we're trying to solve for here on a
national level yeah so just let's all
open our eyes to seeing the other
perspective yeah I says as an aside so
when I was in grad school my field was
political psychology which is trying to
figure out the ways
we'll think about and act in politics
but more generally like books about the
various ways that we we fool ourselves
and attempt to fool others the ways that
the brain just isn't isn't composed to
think about the real world the way it is
now that we evolved for a very different
world and now we're dealing with one
that's far more complex and all that so
I read books like brain rules and you
are not so smart and you know various
things like this and it amazes me that
so few people are really interested in
figuring out how we think and why we
think the way we do like we are our
bodies certainly but above all where our
brains that's what we are and that's how
we go through the day we should want to
understand it better and so this is one
area where there could be huge
consequences but think about every part
of your life again the mismatch between
your perception of an event and how
others perceive it can be very
consequential in this particular area it
might be I don't know about the actual
details of that that particular
act of sexual assault or whatever
actually happened there it's entirely
possible that it was simply a matter of
them perceiving things differently it's
also possible that everyone especially
young men need to be better trained to
understand not in the wake of an event
how they might have gone wrong but
whether something is going wrong right
now and we should change our behavior as
it's happening or in the future it's
possible that if we had had better
education about what constitutes consent
what sort of actions are necessary or
statements are necessary to proceed with
different sorts of acts that we could
avoid incidents like this and not simply
look back on them and attempt to do
better in the future and now I'm going
to say something that the other I'm sure
that some will object to if you're
uncomfortable and I get that you might
there's a million reasons why you might
not speak out you might be intimidated
you might be frozen I mean and I'm not
and I didn't walk in your shoes and I'm
trying to understand how it is just like
we had this conversation but don't
assume that the guy is thinking the same
exact thing as you are there's some
chance he is not perceiving it the same
way at all there's some chance that he
thinks that everything is fine so well
I seems like she would say based on
these details that she said no multiple
times and then he perceived that they
were laughing and continuing etc so I
I'm not adjudicating that okay what I'm
saying is if you can be as clear as
possible so that he that there's less
room for misunderstanding if you like to
blame the victim I just want to be super
clear right he could he could at the
point where if she said no twice but
then it seems like there's still some
chemistry he could ask do you want to
have sex with me no yes maybe you know
that's maybe that seems weird and you
should worry better I totally get that
but there's already warning signs so
simply ask because maybe she feels so
uncomfortable maybe even a level of fear
that she will like endure something but
would she
affirmative ly say that she wants to
probably not in that case yes and so if
you're worried about ambiguity it's not
simply a receptive worry where you have
to hope that they're more clear to you
you can acquire the information yeah I
don't know why more in the areas where
like came out preemptively as he did
there's a million reasons that could be
probably waiting on his consciousness
one of the possibilities is that no he's
not recounting that story accurately
he's recounting it either from his
perspective or from a purposely tilted
perspective we have no idea we have no
idea at all right so it's not about him
and it's not about that situation I'm
just telling you from my perspective I'm
gonna tell my loved ones be super clear
it's not on it's not your fault
it's not anything like that but just to
try to avoid misunderstandings both from
guys and for women be as clear as
humanly possible and if you find that
offensive okay then we disagree I just I
really because don't assume what's in
your head is in their head that is
exactly how you have miscommunications
and then in some instances terrible
things that happen that haunt people
forever I want to be just the the very
final paragraph of what he wrote about
what his goal was in this he says I am
part of the problem we all are
I'm also part of the solution by
recognizing and openly admitting what
I've done to further this terrible
situation I hope to empower the change
within myself we should all find the
courage to admit we're at fault more
than anything I'm hopeful that I can
start to rebuild the trust in the
respect of those I love most I'm not
sure I deserve it but I will work every
day to earn it back I will do better I
will be better I believe we all can and
so that is what he's stating as his
objective I can say that I've read it I
mean it's anecdotal but some editorials
that find his statement incredibly
unsatisfying his focus on himself the
belief that simply by stating this thing
that it takes away all any of the the
possible guilt from it and so you know
you can receive it however you want it
is interesting though because this is I
believe the first case of this sort of
pre-emptive unprompted by actions and
all that and so it's interesting to see
how this will be received I mean we may
never hear from the women who've been
affected by this but it is an
interesting development in this moment
we're having as a society what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
