today a terrible day for that innit
terrible day for America the FCC voted
for a brief second the vote was laid
because there was a bomb threat never
ever do that that's terrible we fight
with politics and with our voices and
our ideas as terrible as this decision
by the FCC is anyway they of course got
back to business and algid by the FCC
Commission Chairman I cast the deciding
vote to kill net neutrality on the
Internet
so the Internet as we know it is not
going to exist anymore
and so the I I want you to be clear
about what I mean by that it's not the
Internet's going away it's it's going to
be here but it instead of having the
government set the rules and the rules
that they had set was for companies not
to interfere and for the government not
to interfere and to allow freedom on the
internet now you know that's true
because you're on the Internet and if
the government had set regulations that
slowed down your websites or charged you
more you would know it they didn't they
kept things free on the internet and you
know if you're a progressive you might
think oh that's the government doing
something right again if you're a
right-winger you might think hey that's
the first time the government's ever
actually been in favor of freedom
whatever your perspective is is totally
fun but you know what the internet was
now the new rules are corporations that
are the internet service providers rise
in 18 t Comcast etc can now set the
rules and regulations of the Internet
and they could set them to their own
advantage they don't have to serve the
public they don't have to keep the
internet free their only goal is to
maximize profit and they could do many
things to make that happen
including discriminate among different
websites which is a disaster for the
entire internet it's a disaster for your
pocketbook and it's also a disaster
politically for all across the spectrum
because do you know for sure which way
Verizon is gonna go when they start to
discriminate based on content well I
don't know and and if you think you're a
right winger and so the multi-billion
dollar corporation is gonna be on your
side you might want to think about
it's thinking about that again because
Verizon owes having the post they own
AOL Yahoo and and so and a lot of those
companies own what you would consider
liberal Hollywood so to hand off the
internet to just a couple of private
corporations is a disastrous idea so now
let me give you details of what happened
today
how Post reports the repeal rolls back
so-called title two regulations that
classify the Internet as a public
utility and which among other things
required Internet service providers or
ISPs to treat all the data traveling on
their networks equally those are the old
rules okay without the protections of
title to those ISPs the Internet service
providers can now legally begin treating
data from some websites differently than
others my guess is the first to go will
be the right-wing sites because they
hurt customers you don't want to
alienate all those Latino customers
African American customers gay customers
Muslim customers so if you're spewing
all that nonsense a good luck with the
speed of your website okay if you're
progressive in you're looking to
overthrow the established system and and
not have the corporation's rule us all
mmm good luck with that too
okay I don't think the multi-billion
dollar corporations are on your side
either so of course the other question
is will they before the companies were
saying oh the idea that we would slow
down websites or throttle your websites
or or or in any way affect them and and
to treat it so that we would make more
money and our competitors would make
less money we would never accept it
turns out now that they were about to
get the rule passed and they just did
they are singing a different tune
already so last week
Comcast quietly altered a net neutrality
pledge that had been on its website
since 2014 removing a promise that it
wouldn't quote prioritize Internet
traffic or create paid fast lanes and
replacing it with a much more cautious
pledge to
not block throttle or discriminate
against lawful content if Comcast's
decides on a whim to change his pledge
again next week
it absolutely can but now the
government's not in charge anymore the
public's not in charge anymore
corporations are so if they want to
change their definition of what they
consider to be lawful well you know I
don't like that kind of pornography now
I'm gonna block that among the many
different decisions they can make but
they're the most important part is well
we're gonna promise not to block the
websites but I'm not promising anymore
that there won't be fast lanes and slow
lanes guess who's gonna be the fast lane
everything related to Comcast guess
who's going to be in the slow lane you
and they literally took away the pledge
that they will not prioritize Internet
traffic so in other words they will
prioritize Internet traffic they will
have a monumental advantage anything
associated with those giant corporations
will have an enormous advantage
everything else will have an enormous
disadvantage so now we go to Michael
Powell he's the national cable and
Telecommunications Association president
so he's gonna explain ok these
corporations lacked out of the goodness
of their heart really so here's his lame
excuse he says there are a lot of things
in our society we don't expressly
prohibit but it doesn't mean that
they're gonna happen there's no law that
says I can't paint my house hot pink but
I assure you I have no intention of
doing it oh that's so lame so let's
think about that analogy for a second
he's saying well just because Comcast
and Verizon and Natt could set the rules
to their own advantage but doesn't mean
they're going to yes but in your analogy
you have no incentive to paint your
house hot pink but in the real world
there are billions of dollars on the
line if you're gonna get paid billions
of dollars to paint your house hot pink
I guarantee you you would paint it hot
big so this is not like oh what's
comcast in the mood for today first of
all that's unacceptable that's why we
have a government to protect the public
so that the corporation's don't rule us
we rulers
that's why we're supposed to have a
democracy but that's gone now cuz all of
our public officials unfortunately have
been bought off so this is gross so yes
of course they will change it to make
more money which then is to our
disadvantage I don't mind them making
money of course they're allowed to make
any money they like and they make plenty
of money as Internet service providers
what they shouldn't be allowed to do is
to do discrimination on different
websites and and different platforms for
their own financial benefit they're
messing with the public domain here and
that's that's the old rules okay now
here's more the HuffPost explains in
addition to repealing that neutrality
the new FCC rules also strip state and
local governments of the power to enact
their own laws regulating broadband
service so not only are we making sure
to kill in and at freedom here but I'm
also gonna make doubly sure that the
state local governments can't go around
giving you freedom no you're not allowed
to stop those giant corporations from
setting the rules for everyone in
America by the way these guys pretending
to be conservative I know in reality
almost all the conservative voters and
people on the internet are on the same
side as the left and the middle in this
case is the one thing we're all united
on ok
so but these guys pretending because
service I thought that you as were for
states rights all of a sudden they
shredded states rights they don't care
the only thing they care about is
corporate rights and corporate profits
so I do want to give credit to the two
FCC commissioners that voted against it
Clyburn and and rosenworcel let me show
you Jessica were Cyril rosenworcel as
she made her impassioned plea against
what they did today I dissent from the
corrupt process that has brought us to
this point and I descent from the
contempt this agency has shown our
citizens in pursuing this path today
this decision puts the Federal
Communications Commission on the wrong
side of history the wrong side of the
law and the wrong side of the American
public here here
unfortunately the the right side lost
today so the fight is not over now let's
talk about what we're gonna do next in
the fight back immediately after
Thursday's vote New York Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman pledged to sue
to a halt to FCC's actions
the letter later said that there will be
multiple states that are involved in
that lawsuit saying no they are actually
gonna step up and try to protect in and
I'm gonna go to court if they need to
and then there is political action in
Congress senator Edie Markey who has
been great on this issue throughout join
with 15 other senators to contest the
FCC decision via a congressional review
act resolution I'm and tell you more
about that in a second the fact there's
only 15 senators doing that is
outrageous though I great credit to
those 15 but Republicans like John Thune
saying that they're gonna help in Susan
Collins well this is the time to help is
the time to join and I don't know why
every Democrat in the country wouldn't
be on the side of net neutrality as
always with the corporate establishment
Democrats who also take donor money from
these same corporations they're a little
slow to protect your freedom so maybe
they got throttled to be fair maybe
they're in a slow lane already now but
giving credit to marquess been a
champion on this he says we will fight
the FCC's decisions in the courts we
will fight in the halls of Congress with
this CR a Congress can correct the
Commission's misguided and partisan
decision and keep the Internet in the
hands of the people not big corporations
so bless his heart for fighting on that
sound a little chilly in there if that's
a phrase so there probably should enjoy
that too we shall fight in the halls of
Congress we shall fight and the card so
we shall fight on the internet but we
shall never surrender net neutrality
okay so just to explain a tiny bit more
about what that CRA is let's go to this
next tweet so Jonah Green points out
that Congress is next he's right it's
called a congressional review act and as
he explains at the bottom there the CRA
lets Congress nullify actions by
agencies like the FCC
most bills need 60 votes in the Senate
but the CRA only requires a simple
majority in the House and the Senate now
this largely been used by the Trump
administration and to have Republicans
get rid of Obama era regulations but it
could also be used by Democrats and
Republicans if they are earnest about it
a couple of Republican senators that
claim to be on our side on this it could
be used to over rule to FCC so call your
congress people call your senators that
is next step because I agree with that
Markey and again rare issue we're all
united on here we shall never surrender
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
