salma hayek recently wrote a piece for
the New York Times where she in a very
detailed manner talked about her
relationship with Harvey Weinstein and
the abuse that she had to deal with in
making the movie about Frida Kahlo
earlier in the early 2000s and this is a
story that she had never shared publicly
before and even after dozens of women
came forward with sexual assault
allegations against Harvey Weinstein she
still wasn't convinced that it was a
good idea to share her story but now she
is detailing it in a way that I think is
incredibly powerful and shows the level
of manipulation that Harvey Weinstein
used in order to get sexual favors from
women specifically actresses here's what
she had to write I had brainwashed
myself into thinking that it was over
and that I had survived I hid from the
responsibility to speak out with the
excuse that enough people were already
involved in shining a light on my
monster I didn't consider my voice
important nor did I think it would make
a difference also she referenced the
word monster there and it's also used in
the headline of her piece she wrote
Harvey Weinstein is my monster too so
Anna's leaving more quotes here but this
is not just a piece for a woman although
it is monumentally important for women
but it's also for guys too because I
came to a really important conclusion
about guys like Harvey Weinstein and I
don't mean just the extreme monster that
he happens to be and he's by according
to allegations literally a rapist
let alone all the terrible things he's
done and the extreme sexual harassment
but he's literally sexually assaulted
people as bad as you can imagine and I
don't if he never gets arrested we have
no justice in this country we at least
have a two different justice system so
but let me let Anna finish and then I'll
come back and tell you why I think it's
it's so important for all of us so Salma
Hayek was inspired by the story of Frida
Kahlo and she really wanted to make a
movie about her profiling her and also
playing the role of Frida Kahlo
and so she had approached Harvey
Weinstein about the project and she was
surprised and excited when he said yes
because she was an actress from Mexico
and she was told over and over again
that she's not good enough she's not
talented enough that she's a nobody
and so here's Harvey Weinstein a
powerful man who said okay yeah let's go
go ahead and pursue this project she
wrote about it I was so excited to work
with him and that company in my naivete
I thought my dream had come true
he had validated the last fourteen years
of my life he had taken a chance on me a
nobody he had said yes but then she
follows it with this line little did I
know it would become my turn to say no
no to me taking a shower with him no to
letting him watch me take a shower no to
letting him give me a massage no to
letting a naked friend of his give me a
massage no to letting him give me a
whirl sex no to getting naked with
another woman and with every refusal
came Harvey's Machiavellian rage and so
he knew that this movie meant a lot to
her and he used it and and basically
dangled it over her head as a way of
pursuing her sexually and encouraging
her to engage in sexual favors and you
know I highly recommend you guys read
the full piece because she gets into the
details of what he made her do but it
essentially culminated in him forcing
her to do a sex scene naked with another
female actress that she didn't want to
do and she felt so sick about it
she had to take a tranquilizer before
the scene to calm down she was vomiting
she was super uncomfortable but she
wanted to do the movie so badly and
there were so many friends and
supporters behind the scenes that helped
it come to fruition that she felt like
it was her responsibility and obligation
to just go through with it yes so let's
let's dive in okay so first of all a
Salma Hayek saying these things about
Harvey Weinstein would have been
monumental or world-shaking news months
ago
or whatever the wines and stuff started
it's still big news today but that's the
least of this story there's two other
layers two that are much more important
first of all I know we've talked about
it a decent amount on the show but this
tidal wave of women coming forward and
telling what what has happened to them
is is a cultural change and it is that's
the hardest kind of change there is so
sometimes you can get political change
electoral change sometimes you can get
policy changes but a cultural change
that sticks that's that's as big as it
gets and here we have a cultural change
in as she said here let me see if I I
have that last part of the article for
you because I found it so important she
said men sexually harassed because they
could women are talking today because in
this new era we finally can so for all
this time and if you're a guy you didn't
know it but women so many women not all
women but so many women kept this stuff
hidden and they had been abused and
humiliated and and put upon and and and
done all these things and they kept it
bottled up and bottled up so when they
come out now and they and and they come
forward with their stories it is a
moment where they get to finally be free
so you can't overstate the importance of
that and and so as we've said in almost
every one of these stories it doesn't
mean that every woman is right doesn't
mean every guy is guilty nobody's saying
any of that what we're saying is it is
an important watershed moment in
American I don't know I don't know if
it's too grand to say world history but
where 50% of the people in this country
are being liberated in a sense they
finally don't have to take it anymore so
if it was just that it already be
world-changing but I think there's a
second layer to it as I read it it's I
think she wrote it in a brilliant way
and it actually reached me in a way that
the the other accounts had and you can
go back and watch all the videos but I
think this was even more powerful than
others and I don't know I can't quite
put my finger on one eye but it really
got to my core and one of the things
that I got from it was not the
male-female dynamic but also
gasps lighters now this is gas lighting
is a term that I was kind of
uncomfortable with and I you know I
think that people use it in a couple of
different ways but the technical
definition of it and what I'm referring
to is people in your life so this
applies to all of us that are
manipulative and they do it on purpose
and they make you feel bad about it I
don't know about you guys but I've had
it happen to me a lot and actually it's
easier to do it to people who are nice
because they have a natural inclination
to want to agree to want to say yes it's
kind of hard to say no and manipulative
people who Gaslight others they do it on
purpose and they put you in awkward
situations where it's hard to say no and
they do it to take advantage of you and
I think we all collectively have to say
enough no when it makes sense you've got
to say no and so I I don't want to be
manipulated anymore and I'm tired of
doing all these tricks and games that
people play and as you see why I seem
doing it I was like oh my god that's
right this is the playbook I in my tiny
tiny way I've also dealt with this
throughout my life with guys like this
and and by the way women like this
because either side can do manipulation
right and so as he does Anna was
pointing out he says oh come on I'm
gonna help your career I'm gonna give
you wonderful things and you're gonna be
a star etc then once she's already too
far in and they've already shot for five
weeks and then she already went through
hell to get this then he starts to say
when I give me this now give me this and
if you don't do it I'm taking everything
away and then the last part of it is he
doesn't say because I'm choosing to do
this he puts it on her like it's your
fault it it's your and hey it's your
choice if you're not having sex with me
you're the one who ruined all these
people's lives and ruin this project
right I mean the the the level of
gaslighting and manipulation that
happened specifically with that movie
that she cared so deeply about was just
horrendous horrendous
she writes at the the range of his
persuasion tactics went from
sweet-talking me to that one time when
in an attack of fury he said the
terrifying words I will kill you don't
think I can't and
he had this problem with the movie
because look frida kahlo had a unibrow
frida kahlo was an artist right and and
I guess Harvey Weinstein didn't find her
sexy and so Salma Hayek played the role
appropriately with the unibrow and
Harvey Weinstein's like what is this
there's no sex appeal and that's why he
kept pushing for that sex scene and you
know since he kept tangling the the
movie over her head like this she just
wanted to get it done she wanted it to
finally happen and be done with it
this is what she also writes about that
he told me that the only thing I had
going for me was my sex appeal and that
there was none of that in this movie so
he told me he was going to shut down the
film because no one would want to see me
in that role by the way that movie
actually received six Oscar nominations
and won two Oscars and afterwards of
course Harvey Weinstein
took all the credit yeah and and part of
the reason he wanted that sex scene in
the movie it was not just so that it
would make the movie better in his eyes
because he wanted to see some like naked
with another woman and he tried in every
way and then until he finally insisted
that it be in the movie and that if it
wasn't in the movie he was gonna ruin
her career and he's gonna take away jobs
from all those people and never have
that movie and it come to fruition this
is what bad guys do this is what
manipulators do and I'm telling you in
your own personal life it doesn't matter
what gender you are if someone is
manipulated manipulating you like that
recognize it and stand up to them
just just and you can do it politely but
no I'm done with it no I'm not going to
do what you want and you're not going to
get me to feel bad for doing something
reasonable you're the one asking me to
do something unreasonable and I'm not
gonna take it anymore
so this has been the greatest of
movements and I know that it's not
perfect and there's you know issues
around the edges etc but overall what a
wonderfully liberating moment if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole Yonkers
show every day
