as you know or may not know Adrienne has
a legal background and we talked about
some of the excuses that are coming from
Republicans both Republican voters but
also Republican lawmakers including this
idea that if Cavanaugh did do this when
he was seventeen the attempted rape
allegations if he did actually do this
is it really that big of a deal because
he was 17 at the time and people are
able to change and the argument that
I've been making on the main show is
that well look if he's doing something
like let's say using drugs or
shoplifting yes I think that people do
have the ability to change they grow
they mature and it would be unfair to
hold those things against them because
there is the ability to mature but when
it comes to something like attempted
rape I see that as something different I
think that that says something about
your character and so when I brought
that up over the break you added your
legal expertise to that so I wanted you
to share that with our audience as well
oh yeah absolutely you know as you kind
of pointed out this isn't a crime that's
like car auto theft or something it's
the way they classify crimes in kind of
this old-world legal sense in its
origins or you have Malayan say a male
prohibitum elaine say those are ones
that by their very nature they are
against natural law like murder rape
things you instinctively inherently know
to be wrong and then there are the male
prohibitum things which are just like
don't smoke weed you know prostitution
anything that is just illegal because
the government largely says we shouldn't
do this don't drive over the speed limit
you know as opposed to things that are
innately wrong by human nature standards
and Raven is one of those where people
know it's wrong and it's it goes against
all sense of your being as a human being
to force yourself onto and into someone
else and so that's the biggest issue
here as far as I'm concerned because
again you're not stealing a car you're
violating the laws of nature and forcing
yourself on someone for whatever kind of
gratification that you want yes so so
there is a difference in terms of a
legal standard
and also obviously based on just human
perception you know it was my human
perception to thank attempted rape is
different from breaking other laws and I
guess there are legal standards for that
as well and that's that's good to know
and there was actually a time in our
country on the Supreme Court I'd end up
saying you can't do it but where they
were giving the death penalty for rape
which says innately
how bad we think it is of a crime and
the Supreme Court ultimately went away
where they said no you can't kill people
for rape anymore we're not gonna do that
but it still speaks to the origins of
the fact that we've known this to be
something really bad since the origin of
mankind so for people to kind of just
say uh it was 17 it's like oh he was a
human being
he knew instinctively that this is wrong
exactly and and by the way if if
Cavanaugh were a Democrat if he were a
progressive and these accusations came
out against him don't want him confirmed
as a Supreme Court justice for me of
course I care about politics but when it
comes to something like this you have to
put politics aside and so whether it is
a Republican administration or a
Democratic administration you have to do
the right thing because again if it is
proven that he has done this okay and he
is confirmed as a Supreme Court justice
he is going to make decisions he's going
to hand down decisions that affect the
lives of everyone not just women
everyone in the country and that is
terrifying is a scary thing to think
about absolutely and I just you know he
says he wants a fair hearing
he said that dozens of times during his
interview with Fox News I do not believe
that this has been a fair hearing so far
they are treating dr. Blasi Ford as if
she's on trial when in reality Brett
Kavanaugh is being interviewed for one
of the most important jobs in the
country they are employing a prosecutor
to carry out the line of questioning
they are using these ridiculous five
minute intervals to carry out the line
of questioning and I don't think that
that's a fair way or even the most
effective way to get to the bottom of
the truth they're refusing an FBI
investigation which would provide a more
extensive background check
Cavanagh and possibly get to the bottom
of the truth it's just it's frustrating
to see how this is playing out this is
not a fair hearing but even given the
significant obstacles that dr. Blasi
Ford is dealing with here I think that
her testimony has been powerful and I
think that Republicans are very much
concerned about how this is coming off
yeah I I think I kind of got the sense
that there is really no doubt and
whether or not she's telling the truth
right so otherwise you'd want to do more
of an investigation so we could find
evidence to discredit her and the fact
that they don't even want to do the FBI
investigation it just speaks volumes
could it does otherwise you know you'd
be okay with what you found and I don't
think they'd be okay thanks for watching
this free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
