following the election results in
Alabama and the fact that Roy Moore lost
to Democrat Doug Jones people on the
alt-right team started losing it calling
the voters CUC servitors because that's
the only way they know how to
communicate and then you have the
establishment types blaming various
people various reasons for why Roy Moore
lost interestingly enough
none of them blamed Roy Moore for being
an accused child molester for his reason
of losing but they did blame one another
so let's get to the people blaming
Bannon Steve Madden of course had a
Breitbart was very supportive of Roy
Moore and was pushing Roy Moore rather
aggressively
and a number of Republicans came out and
essentially blamed him for not only
endorsing him but leading to a Democrat
winning a seat in Alabama so let's take
a look at the first video this is Peter
King on CNN essentially going after
Bannon hi Bannon why is he such a big
deal you know I was even raised is not
even so much as a political issue almost
as a moral issue this guy does not
belong on the national stage he looks
like some disheveled drunk that wandered
on to the political stage the heat is
not representing that I stand for I
consider myself a conservative
Republican I consider myself an Irish
Catholic and he sort of parades himself
out there with his weird
alright views that he has and to me it's
demeaning the whole government some
political process this summer I call on
the President to fire him from the you
know for the White House and I think
last night Alabama was not just a
political statement that was really just
a revulsion by people at his style at
his type of divisive views which were
the political government so whether he
was involved the White House trying to
undercut the President on his foreign
policy whether he makes he encourages
racial division this is not the type of
person we need in politics and last
night's election was a manifestation of
a revulsion by the American people did
you just call Steve Bannon a disheveled
drunk
not your true size I said he looks like
one now you know that VIMS fighting
words when it comes a Bandhan is that a
fight that you want to take on I have no
problem listen you have to fight for
what's right yeah that's what I said
disheveled drunk like that distinction
was unnecessary we all were all thinking
the same thing look I don't know if
you've been in drinks I don't care I
mean so I love that he got humiliated
last night and you know people who try
to bully others the most important thing
for them is an illusion of power oh
don't mess with me because you know then
you'll you know I'll get you and you'll
be in a lot of trouble well they messed
with you Steve and what happened nothing
you lost and you were so full of bravado
and you know all this fire and brimstone
and I'm gonna get you and I'm gonna
unseat all you guys and it turns out
you're kind of lip
I mean you wonder about conservative
okay I mean Doug Joe's kind of cut you
didn't it looks like it does look like
that okay so let's hear from The Wall
Street Journal their editorial board put
out a piece that I thought was pretty
interesting
remember their editorial board is
conservative and here's what they had to
say about the election results the
Alabama results shows that mr. Bannon
cares less about conservative policy
victories than he does personal
king-making he wants to depose Mitch
McConnell as majority leader even if it
costs Republicans Senate control GOP
voters take note mr. Bannon is for
losers
yeah shots fired
and then one of my favorite tweets and
very simple simplicity is everything
let's go to graphic 21 Megan McCain just
said this suck it Bannon yes so look
it's fun to rub it in for Steve Bannon
and he's not a political genius he just
backs the most atrocious candidate and
thinks that the country's is racist and
hateful and fearful as he is
and and he couldn't even get him to be
that hateful and fearful in Alabama so
it didn't work now on the other hand and
I think there is actually a slight other
hand here the establishment hates him
not because of the hateful language and
all that let's be honest the repellant
party's been doing the Southern Strategy
for decades now and so that is premise
on the idea of using dog whistles to get
racists in the South to vote for them so
yeah Steve Bannon dropped the dog
whistle and he's using human whistle but
that's not their main problem if that
was their main problem they'd have never
done the Southern Strategy in the first
place alone in 2004 running against gay
rights when Bush did that let alone
smearing McCain in 2000 when Bush said
he had an illegitimate black child which
he doesn't have
so did please PLEASE Ronald Reagan going
to do the speech at Philadelphia
Mississippi to rub it in to slain civil
rights leaders okay so I know what the
Republican Party is their main prowess
Steve Bannon is that he is running
against them and yes and and they don't
like that so any outsider any populist
they are the entirety of the
establishment including the media is
going to be against so they're reveling
in this moment and they will use it by
the way against the right wing but
they're also use it against the left
wing and say oh no no no no never ever
primary incumbents and in this case
we're more wasn't an incoming that in a
sense Luther strange was so but and
Bannon did primary him with Roy Moore
never ever take on the establishment
that is not the correct lesson to learn
here the correct lesson to learn is
America is not nearly as hateful as
Steve Bannon or most of the Republican
Party for most of their history look I I
agree with you they hate people in the
establishment hate being primary we know
that we know that on the Democratic side
we know that on the Republican side and
I think that that's one of the
overwhelming reasons why they hate
Bannon but I think there are other
factors at play first of all the party
of bullies is the Republican Party and
what I mean by that is that they are
always very successful in aggressive
campaigning negative campaigning
attacking the other party essentially
bullying their way into success
Democrats are not so great with that
however Bannon and you know his class of
people come in and they're more they're
better at bullying then even the
Republicans are and all of a sudden you
get Republicans who are bullied right
one of my favorite memes was Mitt Romney
sitting with Donald Trump after the
election and Romney is like kind of
creepily looking into the camera with
this weird smile Trump says in this meme
right tell them what your name is my
name is reek and my favorite meme is Ted
Cruz on the phone calling for Donald
Trump to get votes added in 2016 oh that
was so sad that was so wonderfully sad
so they get bullied like they go from
denouncing and rejecting Trump after the
audio from Access Hollywood comes out to
all of a sudden getting bullied into
supporting him I know they hate that I
know they hate that and also let's keep
it real while maybe behind the scenes
some of these Republicans are complicit
when it comes to the the sexism or the
racism and all that stuff they don't
want to be transparent about it and
people like Bannen are transparent about
it and it makes the party look bad it
makes them appear to be incredibly
unsavory and they don't like that either
so I think those are some of the reasons
behind the scenes as well III gotta give
you my favorite quote out of all this
Josh Holmes who I'm no fan of he's a
former she was sat for Mitch McConnell
guys so I got no interest in him but he
hates the man and so that's fun and he
said yeah it was thought to be damn near
impossible for a Republican to lose the
state of Alabama but Steve Ben hadn't
run a race there yet if you liked this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
