Alabama's special election to elect a
new senator actually shocked me
I thought Roy Moore would win Roy Moore
did not win in a stunning defeat we
actually had Doug Jones beat Roy Moore
and Roy Moore not too pleased with the
results ladies and gentlemen we got him
Down Goes Roy Moore and for the first
son that is said in a positive
connotation so he has not conceded yet
but he will because he's a loser yes so
we're gonna break down for you what
happened here and is gonna give you the
numbers and then I want to talk about
why it is that doug jones won because i
think that there are a couple of really
really important lessons lessons here
that i think will affect voting in other
parts of the country as well first let
me explain how the night went how the
election went and how people were
sitting at the edge of their seats
because as the results were coming in
mind you most of the earlier results
were coming in from more rural parts of
alabama and Roy Moore had a significant
lead over Doug Jones at that point I
decided I'm gonna stop paying attention
and go to yoga and meditate now once
yoga class was over I was shocked to see
headlines that indicated that Roy Moore
did in fact lose and Doug Jones won and
it was because the later results were
coming in from areas of Alabama that are
predominantly black and if you look at
the the demographics you break down the
demographics you'll see that a whopping
96 percent of black voters voted in
favor of Doug Jones now I want to give
you some more details into that and
other demographics in just a second but
Jenk thoughts yeah so two things about
that before I get to that
african-american votes my main reaction
first of all during the voting was I
loved it and and you see it going and
you know that it's not happening in real
time it's just a matter of wendy count
the votes but first i've chose is
leading right then Roy Moore takes a big
lead but that's because his counties
were
counted first right and then at the end
the important counties that were more
foreign in favor of doc Jones gets
counted and he wins and he looked like
for a while that he had only won by nine
thousand votes by 0.7 points that's when
I did a video on today you might have
seen on you to die when I went live on
YouTube there and then but by the end he
won by one point five points so the I
know that Roy Moore is asking for a
recount but you only get a recount if
it's within point five and by the way I
really really believe in recounts I know
they cost a little bit of money but I
don't think that's a big deal
it's just this margin was actually wide
enough that you really don't need a
recount and even the Republican
officials in Alabama go no it's not
going to make any difference at all so
my main reaction was one of tremendous
relief oh yeah it wasn't like oh my god
doc Jones got in and it's he's such a
wonderful guy you know Doug Jones is
great in some ways which I'm going to
get to in a sec but so it's not a knock
on him it's just not like like some you
know he is not an exciting candidate
it's just that he is a decent candidate
when you try to put him up against
someone like Roy Moore who for the
billionth time I want to reiterate has
been accused of molesting women when
they were teenagers so for me this was
not so much about politics but trying to
maintain some human decency in the
country that's what this election
represented for me personally because as
we know Alabama is a deeply red state
and it's not like any Democrat who does
manage to get elected there is some
crazy progressive no I again I just
wanted this election to turn out the way
that it did because I wanted to believe
that there are people out there who will
reject someone who has been accused of
molestation yeah and so I sense I had a
sense of relief not just for me it
wasn't that it was more for America that
hey we're not it turns out week there is
a bottom of the barrel I keep talking
about other Republicans don't have a
bottom of the barrel we found the bottom
we found the bottom of the barrel it
turns out if you're against different
religions you don't believe in the
Constitution your guessed black people
you're against Jews is you get it then
although he doesn't a Jew lawyer
believable right and and you do child
molestation well then we have found the
bottom right and you know what maybe
some of you won't believe this but I
breathed a deep sense of relief for
Alabama because I want to believe in
Alabama I'm you know look I look at the
Alabama Republican voters and I I get
discouraged
right I've seen the polling on their
beliefs etc on the other hand I love
this country and I loved this South in
and I want Alabama and Mississippi and
Kentucky and all these different parts
to do the right thing by themselves like
like it will actually help you not to
have Roy Moore and said now but I'm not
under the illusion that though Joseph's
for example go to make it a policy
difference on the tax cuts they're in a
panic right now to pass them anyway and
they will but it was more of thank God
there is at least some decency in the
voters more than anything else which
leads me back to the african-american
vote in this race
well they voted in a greater percentage
than their percentage of the population
meaning that they're voting to a voter
turnout was above average above their
representation and made the
one-and-a-half percent difference yes
and and and and why it goes to my
central thesis if you give if you get
people excited and give them a reason to
vote they will show up and vote for you
and voter turnout is the most important
thing not how the state is broken at
because the state Republican Alabama's
deeply Republican if you just got on
based on you know on those percentages
Roy Moore would own one but more
Democrats more african-americans showed
up to vote for doug jones so why even
though he's not the world's biggest
progressive or anything because partly
because doug jones stood up for black
people he convicted members of the Klan
who had murdered innocent black people
in Alabama he stood up for them so they
stood up for him see it's not that
complicated
you actually deliver for the voters and
they deliver for you don't yell at the
voters do something for them and in this
case
jos√® did something wonderful for them
and they let him to victory
that's exactly how democracy is supposed
to work right and obviously you know
doing something for your voters for your
constituents will convince them to go to
the polls and vote for you but I'm sure
it also helped doug jones that you know
Roy Moore was openly against you know
amendments the constitution that did
away with slavery you know those types
of things like war was very openly
hateful towards specific groups of
people specifically black people and so
I don't think that that was the primary
reason why they went to the polls I do
think that they did want to go out there
and support doug jones considering his
past and what he managed to accomplish
but i also want to you know draw some
attention to other trends that we saw in
this election that helped put doug jones
over the edge because a 1.5 margin is
not that big right small and so the
black vote absolutely mattered but you
know what also mattered the republican
women who decided no i'm staying home
right and also the republican women who
flipped and decided to vote for Doug
Jones
so we'll get to those numbers in just a
second overall turnout was 40.4% okay
which sounds low but it was a special
election usually special elections and
midterm elections don't draw many voters
to the polls so it's it's pretty
significant now while 99 percent of
voters who favored Democratic controlled
Senate back Jones a slightly smaller
ninety-one percent of those who favored
republican-controlled backed more
Jones's six percent support among that
group helped him make up the difference
okay so the people who identify as
Republicans would prefer to have a
Republican senator in that seat decided
no we just we can't have Roy Moore so
they decided to vote against him so
before you two encouraged about Alabama
Republicans understand that ninety one
percent of them held they held for Roy
Moore and they didn't mind the malla
station they didn't mind all that stuff
they were still on board but all of that
attention paid to that issue among
others
you know all of his other issues and
problems etc it's stripped away you know
9% 6% on which we went to Doug Jones and
that's your one and a half percent
difference so it did make a difference
that's why fighting back and and letting
and doing aggressive campaigning makes a
giant difference a lot of times
Democrats play patty cakes and they say
oh no civility is more important no no
making sure the other guy loses is more
important so and they did a great job of
that here credit where credit is due
all right so let's go through some of
the other poll results that I found
fascinating let's take a quick look at
gender if you look at the male voters
which accounted for 49% of the voters in
this election 42% of them supported
Jones 56% of them supported Roy Moore so
when it came to the male voters the
majority of them did favor more but it
flipped when it came to women 57% of the
female voters supported Jones 41%
supported more and look 51% of the
voters were women so they showed up to
vote it made all the difference right
let's take a look at sex by race so men
and women based on their race when it
came to white men 26% of them voted for
Jones
72% voted for more when it came to white
women 34% were in favor of Jones while
63 percent were in favor of more so you
know the the focus on white women I want
to kind of elaborate on that in just a
second but when you compare the white
vote to the black vote you see a world
of difference with black men 93% of them
were supportive of Jones with black
women 98% were supportive of Jones so
overwhelmingly the black vote went in
favor of Doug Jones now let's talk about
white Republican women in the state of
Alabama I thought this was actually
pretty interesting 58 percent of Alabama
women voted for the winner Doug I'm
sorry Democrat Doug Jones including 35
percent of white women according to exit
polling it's more than twice the 16% of
white
women who voted for President Barack
Obama in 2012 so while the the
percentage that I showed you is still
disheartening 63% is pretty high
you do see Republican women now kind of
realizing there's something going on
with the Republican Party they don't
like so more of them voted in favor of
Jones compared to the percentage of them
who voted for Barack Obama so again as
we're encouraged on a day like this
still an overwhelming majority of the
white folks in Alabama voted for Roy
Moore with all of the things that we
have discussed that it was problems they
still voted for them in big numbers but
that number going from 16% of white
women voting for the Democratic
candidate to now 34 percent well you can
do the math on that that's more than
doubled and that's a giant difference
and definitely another thing that's
swung this election if you had not
reached white women who normally vote
Republican you wouldn't have won by the
way that goes to my thesis number two
and how many times did I say on the show
at some point Trump and these
Republicans are gonna lose that mom in
Kansas you did say that however I don't
want to get too encouraged by what just
happened because I do see this special
election as a bit of an anomaly and what
I mean by that is I mean who knows there
might be you know just a plethora of
Republican candidates who are accused of
similar things I don't think so but you
know this was a very unique election
where you had this guy who was banned
from malls in Alabama because he was
chasing after teenage girls who was
accused by multiple women of molestation
when they were teenagers I think that's
what turned them off I don't think it's
necessarily Roy Moore's policies well so
real quick two points on that one is
that I just read a poll earlier in the
week that Trump's approval rating among
white Republican Women has dropped by
five points in the country nationwide
and five points a big big drop in in a
short period of time
so he is losing them on a national level
it's not just Roy Moore on the other
hand for all the people I agree with you
Anna that all the people who are saying
this the results are shocking
unbelievable miraculous no some
right listen the election was close to
50/50 on election night because of the
anomaly that Roy Moore is a particularly
monstrous candidate it wasn't like a
normal election in Alabama where a
democrat beat a republican there was one
other group that made a difference in
this election and it was young voters no
I did tell you this because whenever I
get down about what's happening in the
country
I remember the homies right like I
remember the people in my demographic
who grew up in the information age
who do their own research who are the
cord cutters who want to investigate
things who are suspect of anything that
they're told right they're paying
attention and they're different even if
they identify as evangelicals they're
different from the generations before
them and that gives me hope
but yeah so now in this election in the
deep deep red state of Alabama 13% of
the voters were aged 18 to 29 and 22
percent of the voters were aged 30 to 44
so you put those together this 35
percent a little over a third of the
voters are under the age of 45 okay and
how do they vote as you see there 60
percent of 18 to 29 year olds voted for
Jones and 30 and 61 percent of 30 to 44
year old states so in essence a little
over 60 percent of people under the age
of 45 in Alabama voted for the Democrat
let me repeat that in the reddest state
in the country people under the age of
45 voted 60% in favor of the Democrat
okay and every year this gets worse for
the Republicans so we can do another
trade mark Young Turks gesture here now
when you have when you've lost some of
the Republican woman you used to count
on and and you're starting to reel when
you get a Democrat I Democratic turnout
when you they get excited about voting
for someone usually progressives you're
the Republicans are in big big trouble
but now that every day there is more
younger people who are progressives
significantly so even sixty percent in
Alabama here's what I have to say to the
Republican Party very very soon let's go
to a wide shot Anna bye-bye you guys are
toast
we have the younger generation in
Alabama we have them in Alabama
what are you gonna do go go run run see
if you can find more sixty
eight-year-old seventy eight year olds
eighty eight euros yes for people above
the age of sixty-five in Alabama they
voted 60% for Roy Moore have at it Hoss
have at it
the old aging white Christian
evangelical male vote in the South is
all you got left in a poll today Donald
Trump's down to 32%
you know what to do with you have no
idea what kind of trouble you're in if
you're the Republican Party if you liked
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
