so Donald Trump is upset at kirsten
gillibrand because she's a United States
Senator that suggested that he should
resign for all of the transgressions he
has had against women we fully support
that we were one of the folks that
started that movement I tell you about a
petition in a minute but of course Trump
was furious about that and when he
tweets about it you know he's not going
to say things that are civil but this
one might have really taken the cake
so he said lightweight senator Kirsten
Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck
Schumer and someone who would come to my
office quote begging for campaign
contributions not so long ago and would
do anything for them is now in the ring
fighting against Trump very disloyal the
bill and crooked used exclamation point
the man has no bottom to that barrel no
moral compass at all look you can say
lightweight that's the normal thing that
he does I mean if Obama had called any
Republican senator a lightweight in this
childish way it would have been the
biggest scandal in his career but we've
now gotten completely used to Donald
Trump being a buffoon manchild so that's
not the issue
flunky for Chuck Schumer not sure what
he means by that but if we're going in a
bad direction begging me for donations
okay but look I don't like the donors
and I don't like that they have to go on
begged Donald Trump or asked Donald
Trump for anything but you know what
he's saying when he says and would do
anything for them to say that to a
female senator you really are a piece of
crap this and it's the same thing when
he said about megyn kelly oh she was
bleeding from wherever and then Oh golly
gee what what do you mean I think I
think your men get your mind out of the
gutter by the way they're gonna come
back to the excuse in a minute okay so
in Gillibrand responds by saying you
cannot silence me or the millions of
women who have gotten off the sidelines
to speak out about the unfitness and
shame you have brought to the Oval
Office remember when the Republicans
he's talking about how all Bill Clinton
has defiled or awful Oval Office are you
kidding me
Trump defiles it on a daily basis so we
start a petition on a while ago tea
white tea network.com / resign now that
Al Franken has resigned for far less
transgressions against women and it is
obvious that we should hold people to
the same standards so Donald Trump
should also resign for far worse
transgressions against women and and if
that's the standard we're using he
should look we know that he's not going
to listen to any outside forces but if
we get more and more pressure it can
actually start to result in action being
taken so I want to tell you what that
action is on Monday night a group of
more than 50 female House Democrats
wrote a letter to the House Oversight
Committee to demand a congressional
probe
CNN reported so you actually can do a
congressional probe the Oversight
Committee can do one of members in
Congress but they could also do one of
the executive branch so there we go you
get a lot of people to sign that
petition or in any way that you want to
participate and put pressure on well and
we'll always have the petition by the
way in a as a link down below in the
description box on YouTube and the
comments section on Facebook well all of
a sudden maybe there might be an
oversight committee hearing on it and
then we would actually get to hear out
the woman who are charging with this by
the way you'd also get to hear the
president out and as all those Congress
women say well we we want him to present
a defense we believe in due process
right well these comments that were
outrageous by Trump of course made a lot
of people angry and the media
understandably so before I get to Sarah
Huckabee Sanders pathetic excuse let me
show you Mika Brzezinski from this
morning I just want to say something
beyond the fact that that is
reprehensible for the president in it√≠d
States would say something so derogatory
and disgusting about a woman we're not
surprised mr. president you do it all
the time you treat women terribly and
you treat the women around you even
worse and you treat women like punching
bags because it's fun for you because
you are intimidated by women that's your
problem but for the people who work for
you you need to act
Sarah Huckabee Sanders good luck today
in the briefing don't lie and
do not defend the president knighted
States for what he did he is suggesting
that kirsten gillibrand would do
anything let's just say it he's
suggesting that kirsten gillibrand would
have sex with him in order to get
campaign contributions but the president
actually tweeted that this morning he
really is a pay man he's a disgusting
disgusting guy you know you know if
you're a Republican and you you like the
tweet why did you like the tweet you're
sniggering because you know that that's
what he implied don't pretend otherwise
now speaking of Republicans at least
Jordan used to work for George W Bush
worked for Rand Paul she was also on the
program and she also was not entertained
and she thought it was vile here she is
here's the thing Gillibrand might be on
the other side of the political aisle
she is a class act she's a brilliant
woman she's had a great career she's an
inspiration and he is trying to silence
her by insinuating that parentheses
would do anything for Apple it is so
gross and beneath the office I think
that is clear so now finally we're gonna
go to Sarah how it could be Sanders Mika
Brzezinski astronaut to make up excuses
for what Trump clearly implied mmm
doesn't sound like she listened to her
here she is
Gillibrand owe an apology for the
misunderstanding
of the president's tweet this morning
because
including sort of the things to students
about sexual innuendoes i think only if
your mind is in the gutter would you
have read it that way
and so no sure sure this is the same
excuse they use every single time Trump
says something outrageous and horrific
and then they go what kali chi we didn't
imply anything bite is that what you
thought he meant oh well then the
problem is with you to sis's please
you're embarrassing yourself but you do
it on a daily basis because apparently
like the president you have no shame at
all this guy's disgusting unfortunately
he's the President of the United States
I can't wait to see how we're gonna get
him out because we need to but to have
him rub we all live in this country we
got to deal with this guy every single
day our daughters have to listen to this
crap every single day all women in the
country have to put up with this crap
every single day get him out get him out
get him out Godspeed to robert muller
you just watch the video by the young
turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
