ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims in
Myanmar continues and now there are
investigative reports one specifically
done by The Associated Press that shows
that Rohan NGO women are being method
all methodically raped by armed forces
in the country the investigative report
is disturbing to say the least and we
have some video where some of these
women speak out about what they've
experienced but the rape of Rohan NGO
women by these security forces has been
sweeping and methodical The Associated
Press found in interviews that they
conducted with 29 women and girls who
fled to neighboring Bangladesh now the
women agreed to speak to the reporters
at The Associated Press but they didn't
want to be identified by their full
names only by their first initial in
several other cases women said that the
security forces surrounded a village
separated men from women then took the
women to a second location to gang rape
them and part of the idea behind these
types of attacks is to lead to so much
terror in these villages that they will
want to leave and oftentimes their
husbands are murdered in front of them
their children are killed or they go
missing and then the women are brutally
raped oftentimes gang raped the women
spoke of seeing their children
slaughtered in front of them their
husbands beaten and shot they spoke of
burying their loved ones in the darkness
and leaving the bodies of their babies
behind oftentimes these women do get
pregnant as a result of the rapes and by
the time they get to Bangladesh and seek
medical attention oftentimes it's it's
too late for them to do anything when
journalists asked about rape allegations
the Minister for border affairs phone
tint replied these women were claiming
they were raped but look at their
appearances do you think that they are
that attractive to be raped so the
response from officials in Myanmar is
just complete denial but there is
evidence to prove otherwise I want to go
to the first video where some of these
victims tell their stories now what
Monica I was younger now how would you
handle about this greenery
I gotta pee that is a mother
Luigi trot along Rossi Herrera I think
she bought a car waiting for if I go to
the bindery so the woman that you just
heard from was nine months pregnant when
the armed forces showed up to her home
and her family members were able to run
away but she was unable to do so because
she was nine months pregnant and as a
result she was brutally raped and to add
insult to injury her husband you know
blamed her for the rape and blamed her
for not running away and he says that
he's ashamed of her so there's that
extra layer of insult to injury that
makes this even more devastating
so another woman's husband stayed and
she explained that he was tied up and
had to watch as she was being raped and
then he finally got the and they took
her Muslim headscarf off of her and and
gagged him with it and when he finally
got the gag off he started screaming for
help and that's when they murdered him
so that's one of the last things she
remembers before being passed out as
soldier after soldier raped her was
seeing her husband's dead body so no
human rights group or media organization
denies that this is happening they all
confirm it at different levels of
severity
the only people denying it of course is
the Myanmar military and guess what
they're saying about it they're calling
it fake rape I wonder where they got
that terminology from so Doctors Without
Borders said there was they they treated
just them a hundred and thirteen
sexual violence survivors since August
just August 1/3 of them under 18 the
youngest was nine now look we saw what
happens when Isis did similar things I
don't know that it was at this level I
mean there are hundreds of thousands of
people fleeing Bangladesh from
systematic rape murder and genocide and
in the whole world united against Isis
and rightfully so
and we all said it was monstrous and got
allied forces etc who's helping the ROA
hanga almost no one so look this is you
know this is the propaganda model right
if you want to drive hatred sorts of one
group you focus on all the things that
anyone from that group does wrong and
you talk about it non-stop if things are
being done to them you never talk about
it okay so if there was a need or a
profit from demonizing Buddhists we
would the entire press and all of our
politicians would be talking nonstop
about the irredeemable monstrous
Buddhist terrorists and they would say
why don't just name it why don't you
just name it call it what it is these
Buddhists are radical extremists and and
they're terrorizing and and and
massacring and and raping these the the
Raheja Muslims but there is no profit in
in doing demagoguery against Buddhism
there's not enough oil in their lands I
mean you go on and on for all the
different reasons right
and nobody's occupying them whatever I
did no there's no profit in it so that
has two consequences one is these poor
people that are fleeing Myanmar right
now or the ones that are stuck inside of
it just waiting for the next time the
military comes to massacre and murder
and rape their village and their loved
ones the world's not coming to your help
if your assailants were Muslim we'd all
be rushing to your help because there's
I don't there's there's agendas and
it's etcetera to make from that but
you're Muslim your assailants are not
Muslims so the world is saying we don't
care we're not gonna come to help you
you're on your own
and and on top of that we're gonna we're
gonna continue our assault on on your
religion throughout the world and we're
gonna say you're the root of most of the
problems and and blame you for things so
where's the justice there's no justice
at all all you have is unfortunately for
most of the media
wall-to-wall propaganda now I often when
I say that except print journalist and
say they actually a lot of them do great
work this is a perfect example of that
wonderful work by The Associated Press
shining a light on this and and whenever
we talk about articles like this or
videos check the description box or the
comment section if you're watching on
YouTube or Facebook and we try to
provide those links for you okay cuz
watch the whole video read the whole
article it is heartbreaking but it's
important that you know because for
God's sake can we help these people if
you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
