over the weekend the name Keaton Jones
became a household name in the United
States a viral video was posted while a
video was posted of him which then went
viral and in that video Keaton Jones who
is a middle schooler was talking about
his experience being bullied at his
school in Knoxville Tennessee so here he
is he's just the sweet kid and you
watched the video and he's sobbing he's
crying he's explaining to his mom what
it's like to be bullied classmates he
told his mother had poured milk on him
and stuffed ham in his clothes he was
quoted as saying that they make fun of
my nose they call me ugly they say I
have no friends why do they bully what's
the point of it why do they find joy in
taking innocent people and finding a way
to be mean to them people are different
people that are different though don't
need to be criticized to pout about it
it's not their fault and then at the
very end of the video he says it'll get
better I guess and then he just kind of
like looks away he's not even convinced
of that like it was just such a
heartbreaking video to watch yeah look
man as a parent it's it's it's yes it's
heartbreaking you also just keep
thinking what could you do what can you
do right because if I heard somebody
doing that to my kids my blood would
boil and but you can't get into a middle
of a nine-year-old fight right and it's
so for us to have your kids going
through that at school for them to pour
milk on them and oh god yes
and what is wrong with us as human
beings man we four kids we do have to
socialize folks if we don't they wind up
unfortunately is we got good instincts
as human beings and collaborative in a
lot of ways but we've got some really
nasty instincts as humans as well and
and unfortunately some part of our
culture encourages that here in America
yeah it's not like that everywhere so
there are twists and turns to this story
that I will get to in just a second but
I wanted to jump in with my commentary
so far on what I just talked about
because and I really hope that he
doesn't see this video because it's what
I'm about to say is probably
discouraging it doesn't get better it
doesn't get better like
this is no it doesn't though this is
this is I I thought it gets better but
it doesn't we are a nation of bullies
and I'm not saying that every single
person is terrible and there's pouring
milk on each other we just elected a
bully we elected someone who
consistently on a daily basis does
nothing other than bully people right
like I think that that says something
about where we are as a country right
now and do I think we can get better
absolutely but think about how
professional trolls are now running the
government okay they're in the
president's ear that's that's the
situation we're dealing with so at the
moment it's very hard for me to pull a
kid like this aside and be like no no it
gets better especially when on a daily
basis you deal with rape threats death
threats people daxing you people talking
about how they're gonna kill you that's
that's a daily thing right and so know
it doesn't get better yeah so and it's
definitely a little bit more pessimistic
about it I'm a little bit more
optimistic about it but the state of
affairs she's right about I mean right
now we have unleashed bullies throughout
the world throughout the country and and
this is by how fascism started right
they would they started bullying the
opposition into cowering and then once
they coward then they would take away
more rights and more rights and there
are monsters out there right now that
are going around trying to ruin people's
lives and and with lies and they don't
care and and they're encouraged by the
bullying chief that he got to be
President by bullying everybody by
putting stupid nicknames on them and and
and didn't matter whether he was right
or wrong he would lie with impunity he
said now Ted Cruz is a terrible guy but
Ted Cruz's dad did not kill JFK that is
insane but Trump said that to smear him
Trump had his friends at the National
Enquirer write a story about how he
heard Ted Cruz had five mistresses he
doesn't mind lying he's a bully and and
so he has encouraged every other bully
in the country to go wild and right now
they are Wilding so my only hope is that
I've seen in my life that in my
experience sometimes things do get
better look I it's easier for me to say
I was a big kid and I had a lot of fight
in me so so when people try to bully me
I enjoyed fighting back
and and I enjoyed standing up for the
smaller kids who were getting bullied
yeah I was happy to raise my hand and
say if you want to fight somebody I'm
your huckleberry
right and so and and it worked people
stopped bullying and sometimes it takes
somebody to stand up for a couple of
different people to stand up but maybe
we encourage each other and stand up
together
and I think that's what's gonna happen
nationwide too but right now we're
knee-deep in bullies that is true I see
the way out but it isn't an easy way but
this story also gives you hope because
people stood up together
people did definitely stand up for this
kid and it was heartwarming to say the
least so there were a number of
celebrities who saw the video and they
wanted to you know just offer their
support Delanie Walker a tight end for
the Tennessee Titans offered Keaton and
his family tickets to the team's New
Year's Eve game against the Jacksonville
Jaguars other football players also did
similar stuff Chris Evans is another
example he's an actor of course he wrote
to Keaton and said don't let them make
you turn cold I promise it gets better
while those Punk's are at your school
deciding what kind of people they want
to be in this world how would you and
your mom like to come to the adventures
premiere in LA next year so you know all
sorts of like sweet offerings and then
there was an individual in New Jersey
who started a crowdfunding effort to
raise money and they raised about fifty
seven thousand dollars and then there
had to be a halt to that fundraiser
because people started investigating the
kids family and they came across a post
by his mother Kimberly Jonz that you
know showed her I guess support affinity
whatever you want to say for the
Confederate flag let's just take a quick
look at graphic seventy four and it will
just show you what people came across
and so and she also talks about butthurt
Americans if you aren't bleeding no
bones are sticking out and you can't
breathe stop crying
for the love some folks clearly never
picked a switch and before y'all start
talking to me about metaphorical
emotional financial or
historical blood and brokenness don't
join a group okay look I don't care
about her affinities and so if you want
to have that influence whether you give
money to the family or not I get it
that's totally 100% your prerogative and
I understand that but let's not
investigate the family okay
let's just look the kid needs help
people offered help wonderful okay put
the money aside so the the football
players wanted to help the celebrities
wanted to help that's great that's great
I don't care what his mom's political
opinions are and that's not his
political opinions he's just a kid so
stick with your original instinct of
helping the kid who needs help it
doesn't and don't worry about anything
else and I don't want to do what the
alt-right does well now let's dive into
what the family is and to smear them and
go after them just just take the moment
for what it is and do the right thing
and I'm glad at least that the kid got a
lot of emotional support from people all
across the country including liberal
Hollywood okay
and white people and African Americans
and everybody as a country stood up for
him that's a great moment let's
concentrate on that watch The Young
Turks commercial-free downloaded or
stream it watch it anyway you like a TYT
Network comm slash join
