penny young Nance is the head of an
evangelical women's organization known
as Concerned Women for America and
recently she appeared on NPR to discuss
the Alabama Senate race involving Roy
Moore and her argument is that ya maybe
an accused child molester is a little
better than electing a pro-choice
Democrat don't believe me take a listen
but here's Roy Moore he's accused of
having had inappropriate relations or
even assaulting teenagers including one
who was as young as 14 he's denied
effectively denied everything does that
make him someone who's worthy of being
in the Senate well I think that's the
question for the people of Alabama I
mean that's what they're going to decide
tomorrow they have unfortunately the
Democrats could have won this handily if
they'd been willing to put forward a
pro-life democrat you know in the past
we had plenty of those and slowly but
surely they've been run out of the party
this is going to be 2018 it's going to
be a very close election that the
numbers in the Senate or 52:48 I counted
about nine races that would be
competitive if they would be willing to
support pro-life democrats so she's
pro-life so that the kids can be born
and then molested by Roy Moore yeah I
wish we could make you guys listen to
the full interview because I would argue
that it actually gets worse because she
makes it clear that she wouldn't vote
for Doug Jones because of the fact that
Doug Jones is pro-choice I just I don't
understand the reasoning there we're
talking about living breathing human
beings who have been molested as kids as
teenagers and for some reason their
lives aren't as important as the lives
of zygotes and besides which you know
look I'll get to my favorite Bible quote
because all of this is based on the
mythology that God is against abortion
and he believes that a zygote is the
same exact thing as a human being and
that's just not true it's not true the
Bible the Bible talks about how God
breathed life in Adam once he was born
out of the womb okay
gave him breath but besides that numbers
five 20 through 22 but if you have gone
astray while I'm married to your husband
and you have made yourself impure by
having sexual relations with a man other
than your husband here the priest is to
put the woman under this curse
may the Lord cause you to become a curse
among your people when he makes your
womb miscarry and your abdomen swell may
this water that brings a curse enter
your body so that your abdomen swells or
your womb miscarries there it is the
Bible is pro-abortion
if they think you cheated on your
husband they will give you a toxic
potion that will cause a miscarriage and
abortion I didn't say that I think it's
a terrible thing to do but the Bible is
in favor of that read the Bible it's
it's not what you consider pro-life so
it's not this is not even pro-choice it
makes a woman drink poison to cause the
abortion but the Bible is definitively
pro-abortion it is you know if you're
uncomfortable with that fact that's your
problem not my problem read your own
Bible
so Concerned Women for America in the
past has been critical of things like
same-sex marriage
they've been critical of equal rights
for for the gay community for the LGBT
community but they at least penny Young
Nance I can't speak for everyone who's
part of this organization at least penny
young Nance thinks it's better to vote
for an accused child molester over a
Democrat like I
what are you concerned like your
concerns are not worth being concerned
about because the things you should be
concerned about you don't think are a
big deal at all she believes child
molestation is okay because the Bible
tells her to be against abortion when it
doesn't even say that and you're willing
to deal with monsters based on that
false assumption it's sickening if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
