the wildfires in California have been
gnash making national headlines recently
and for good reason there have been
several fires that were difficult to
contain some of them haven't even been
contained yet and people have lost their
homes as a result but something
interesting has come up as a result of
these fires that most people don't know
about about one-third of people who
fight fires in the state of California
are actually inmates and since
California has reformed its prison
system there are now less inmates who
are available to do the job of
professional firefighters so the
Atlantic wrote about this and it was
just such a great illuminating piece
that I wanted to share with you guys
according to the numbers though more
than 3,700 men and women and even some
juvenile offenders now voluntarily serve
on the force collectively they make up
roughly a third of the state's wild
firefighting personnel inmates also work
shifts up to 72 hours straight
to contain the blaze and protect the
property residents left behind they do
the hard work such as clearing the brush
and other potential fuel also digging
containment lines often just feet away
from the flames so they're closer to the
dangerous components while other
firefighters the non inmate firefighters
are usually a little further away and
they have the professional equipment to
work with but it's just interesting to
see how right now there are politicians
and officials in California they're like
oh my god we don't have enough
nonviolent offenders that were
imprisoning to help do this indentured
servitude for us by the way California
inmates receive between eight and ninety
five cents an hour
by contrast fire camp inmates can
receive much higher pay one dollar an
hour when they're actively fighting
fires and two dollars a day when they
aren't okay so that's I want you to
understand that that's not between eight
dollars and 95 cents that's between
eight cents and 95 cents so if you think
minimum wage is about it it is it's
horrific at $7.25 I gets you $15,000 a
year okay
wait till you get a load of eight cents
an hour mm-hmm so when we're paying
people a dollar a day or two dollars a
day that's not even an indentured
servitude
that's a slavery that a dollar a day is
slavery okay eight cents an hour is
slavery so now we're a little concerned
that we don't have enough slaves to put
out the fire because we're not
imprisoning enough people anymore Oh
golly gee that's a big problem how about
you actually pay firefighters how about
that you could you know they talk about
taking away jobs all the immigrants are
taking away jobs no we're locking people
up for doing something perfectly normal
like smoking marijuana then we're using
them as slaves and then you wonder where
the jobs are gone and and some of the
time it's private prisons and they make
it money off of this and it's a
money-making scheme and well we don't
get the endanger our lives we just oh
you smoke pot you have to go dig the
ditch right in front of a fire at eight
cents an hour so I want to be absolutely
clear about something the inmates who
are allowed to do this type of work have
to be nonviolent they have to be people
who don't pose any type of risk to
society they've been in prison for
things like drug possession again
nonviolent offenses people who have been
convicted of rape or murder or who are
on death row not death well yeah death
row or life sentences those individuals
aren't even considered for this so again
these are nonviolent offenders but also
just keep in mind that since they
usually end up doing the more dangerous
work they're more likely to lose their
lives as a result so just to give you
examples from this year alone so far two
inmates have died in the line of duty
along with one civilian wild wildland
firefighter the first a 26-year old by
the name of Matthew Beck who was crushed
by a falling tree the second a 22 year
old Frank
Anaya who was fatally wounded by a
chainsaw so because of the prison
reforms in California the number of
inmate firefighters has fallen 13% since
2008 so again state politicians
officials they're scrambling to figure
out what to do and they don't want to
you're professional firefighters because
that means that not only are they gonna
have to pay these individuals more they
also have to pay for a pension and all
sorts of benefits and they don't want to
do that it should be wonderful news that
we've lost thirteen percent of
California's inmates right hey there's
less prisoners less crime that's
wonderful and we're not locking people
as men as many people up as we used to
for having a joint
it's like locking people up for having a
beer oh we're not I mean during
Prohibition beer was illegal we'd lock
people up and if it was today we
wouldn't just lock them up we'd send
them into the middle of a fire and say
all right now go work for us for eight
cents a day so it's wonderful news that
California is not doing that but now
that we have the fights of higher people
higher actual American citizens to do
the jobs instead of slave labor so the
argument is just real quick just to get
into the numbers the argument is well if
we hire actual firefighters to do this
job well then it's gonna cost taxpayers
a hundred million dollars a year well
how much do you think it costs taxpayers
to imprison nonviolent offenders and by
the way you made a really great point
about private prisons and how they use
this type of slave labor in order to
honestly pad their own pockets but in
this case we're talking about state
prisons we're not even talking about
private prisons so that everybody's
gotten used to this now and so even in a
so-called progressive state like
California we're still doing this to
people and having them work for eight
days cents an hour while they endanger
their lives it's unacceptable
so yes taxpayers paying more for
firefighters is a problem by the way one
of the reasons we should actually do
something about climate change now this
is the one of the largest fires in
California history and it's happening in
December when fire season is supposed to
be over already but it's not over
because of climate change so let's do
something about that and by the way this
is one of the public costs that are put
on all of us because the oil companies
wanted to privatize their profits and
maximize their profits which they don't
share with us they make us spare the
cost but I would rather do that than to
enslave more people for doing something
as innocent as smoking a joint if you
liked this video you love the whole TYT
Network
check it out at TYT Network comm /join
