New York Times with a deep dive into
Donald Trump's daily life very important
and interesting important for us to get
a sense of the rhythm of the president
how he makes his decisions what does he
do day to day
what briefings is he consuming what
information is he getting because he's
gonna lead him to make monumentally
important decisions he's the most
powerful man on earth well luckily they
did a lot of work on this they
interviewed over 60 people who are
current associates former associates
colleagues of Donald Trump insiders that
know the man
so they got a sense of his patterns and
what he does so let me begin to share
that with you
it's Maggie Haberman Peter Baker and
before he was suspended Glen thrush
worked on this not afterwards so some
great reporting here from those
reporters they said around 5:30 each
morning president Trump weeks and twos
into the television in the White House's
master bedroom he flips to CNN for news
moves to find some friends for comfort
and messaging ideas and sometimes
watches MSNBC's Morning Joe because
friends suspect it fires him up for the
day now when you ask him he says odd
morning Joe's failing I know I don't
watch that CNN's fake news I don't watch
that but his friends and colleagues have
told reporters of course he watches it
he might hate watch it but he watches it
one of the people he watches is Jeanine
Pirro who's if you ever watched five
minutes of her show on Fox News is a
total maniac right now she's calling for
a purge of the FBI and two arrests all
of trumps political opponents she under
the guise of I think they might have
done something wrong maybe they helped
Hillary Clinton it doesn't really matter
let's lead them out of handcuffs she
said she's apparently such a lunatic
that she came in and met with Trump
she's meeting with these people and and
she went on a rant for over an hour
until even Trump walked out was like
okay that's enough just walked out of
the meeting but he does watch her so
they explain he watches miss puro and
her fellow Fox News host Sean Hannity
and Laura Ingraham and sometimes quote
hate watches CNN to get worked up
especially Don Lemon Don Lemon he's not
the most ardent critic of the President
maybe yeah Anderson Cooper you know
host some of the guests of course are
far more critical of Donald Trump maybe
Jake Tapper that might make sense gee I
wonder why he picked down lemon I can't
quite have put a finger on it anyway so
more on his television habits in a
second but it turns out that Donald
Trump was asked about this article a
little while earlier because that's what
good reporters do they say look here's
the information that we've collected now
we're gonna ask you about it and see you
know do you agree and you deny we want
to get your perspective on it before we
running so he knew he gets this whole
thing like 51 things that are gonna go
in the article the thing he obsesses
about is how much TV who watches oh the
policies the issues whatever okay but
he's really adamant about the TV so he
goes and talks to reporters a little
while back when he got the questions
from the New York Times knowing this
articles coming out and he says this
quote I do not watch much television I
know they like to say people that don't
know me they like to say I watch
television people with fake sources you
know fake reporters fake sources but I
don't get to watch much television
Pilon primarily because of documents I'm
reading documents a lot okay anyone
believe that he's reading documents a
lot so he doesn't have time
well the 60 sources that the New York
Times talked to say that's not really
the case it doesn't matter you can even
look at public statements Steve minuchin
is his Treasury secretary here's what he
said he said he really loves verbal
briefings he's not one to consume
volumes of books or briefings in other
words not reading a lot of documents and
as you've seen in Prior reports they
condensed all of his briefings to one
page and that didn't work one page was
too much for him so then they started
inserting graphs and pictures that
didn't work they then had to bring all
the information down to tweet size and
put his name in it so that he would pay
attention we have a child in office and
I feel terrible every time I say that
because I feel like I'm denigrating good
children across America
okay now moron on TV for mr. Trump every
day
an hour-by-hour battle for
self-preservation he still relitigate
s-- last year's elections convinced that
the investigation by robert muller the
special counsel into russia's
interference is a plot to d legitimize
him color coded maps highlighting the
counties he won were hung on the white
house walls okay he's obsessed with
himself
200 III one i had look at all these red
districts that i won and although
they're just trying to get me and and
this is all fight for survival t v--
style in fact let me get to that before
taking office mr. Trump told top aides
to think of each presidential day as an
episode in a television show in which he
vanquishes rivals because that's how he
sees the world I'm in a TV show am I
gonna get good ratings am I gonna win
and the other guys are gonna lose no
being president is far more serious than
that
first of all it is a supposed to be
about you I know that comes as a giant
shock to Trump and maybe even his
supporters
you're supposed to be president of all
of us 330 million some odd people you're
supposed to make sure that you're
looking out for our best interests we
like to do president to represent us not
to worry about if you vanquished your
rivals tv-style the White House is not a
reality show but he literally doesn't
understand that because he's obsessed
with himself and of incredibly small
intellect so more details from the story
that illustrate that people close to him
estimate that mr. Trump spends at least
four hours a day and sometimes as much
as twice that in front of a television
sometimes the volume muted marinating in
the no-holds-barred Wars of cable news
and eager to fire back now look some of
the article has some things that I don't
really care about at all he watches the
television in his pajamas sometimes who
cares I don't care about
he drinks 12 diet cokes a day okay fine
I couldn't care less so why do I care
that he watches up to eight hours of TV
a day because that's a full-time job
eight hours
day your president the president's the
most important job that the presidencies
the most important job in the country is
also the commander-in-chief and this
knuckleheads like oh but but what did
Navarro say about me what don't let me
say about me all me what it because say
about me who gives a damn do your
goddamn job but he can't focus on
anything but Donald Trump
Jesus what a buffoon okay now on to non
television parts to the story he's dying
for approval so there's new chief of
staff John Keller you remember Reince
Priebus was the first he was that
Johnny killers could be Kelley's become
kind of a father figure to when he's
seeking his approval so this this
anecdote he calls mr. Kelley up to a
dozen times a day even four or five
times during dinner or a golf outing to
ask about his schedule or seek policy
advice according to people who've spoken
with the president now look you know you
want to call your chief of staff a bunch
of times during the day great great that
may be that means you're engaged in
being president maybe not so bad but as
they explained and other reports of
explainin know he's looking for approval
daddy did I do it right hey hold on I'm
in the third hole I'm golfing as usual
but hey daddy daddy daddy I did this was
it good was it okay
oh yeah a man-child more on this
occasionally the president's lists
solicits affirmation before hitting the
tweet button in June according to a
longtime as advisor he excitedly called
friends to say he had the perfect tweet
to neutralize the Russian investigation
he would call it a witch-hunt they were
unimpressed manchild
that's your perfect tweet that you're
caught gonna call it a witch-hunt he
thinks that's clever I got a great
little thing with this I'm gonna call it
a woodchuck did I get him daddy did I
get him daddy
now remember Donald Trump the only thing
he's ever done is to seek his dad's
approval because he was a moron his dad
was actually successful Donald Trump
bankrupt themselves six different times
and every time his dad bailed him out
except for the end when the Russians did
oh look look into it I was gonna say but
don't worry Robert Mulder is looking
into it for all of us anyway so he's his
whole life growing up he's like Daddy
daddy please approve him for something I
did I know total moron but please daddy
give me some attention and give me some
love so he looks for daddies wherever he
goes I'm gonna call a whitout it's a gun
isn't good is it good oh yeah yeah yeah
okay last vote in almost all the
interviews mr. Trump's associates raised
questions about his capacity and
willingness to differentiate bad
information from something that is true
those are his associates his colleagues
his allies his friends and even they say
the guy can't tell the difference
between a lie and what's true and
doesn't really seem to care that's the
President of the United States if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
