you know all those stories about Roy
Moore and how he molested girls between
the ages of 14 and 18 when he was in his
30s I don't want to rehash all that
stuff I won't talk about the other
lunatic ravings of Roy Moore and what he
might actually do or push for at least
if he gets any degree of power in a
United States Senator has a lot of power
so first of all he was asked at one
point what was the good time in America
when was America great and he answered
slavery now I'm gonna share that with
you in a second then I'm gonna share
with you a video where he talks about
how maybe we should take away the
amendments that ended slavery you're
thinking come on
he couldn't have said that wait wait and
you see okay but I want you to have the
proper context for the first clip on
slavery no one asked him about it it's
he's not responding to that as an issue
that was brought up he brought it up
when was America great during the time
of slavery now but I'll give you the
full context here it is
I think you're right about that and I
think it was great your minds
those who fooled
perfect people they had problems
presented even though we had slavery to
care for one another
people were strong in the sentence our
families were strong doesn't have a
direction and we correct the media
problems today I see effectiveness
divided breakfast I students in our
culture not all the policies they
publish
yes labels we wrote comes like that much
now when we cover that at dental last
week I said that that it's a bizarre
answer it comes from only white
right-wing perspective because he talks
about how during slavery families were
kept together
well not for blacks they were literally
torn apart and we showed you passages
from back in the day where in fact he
talked about oh my son was you know
ripped from my arms sixteen years ago
and sold off has anybody seen him
etc now you know the whole history
behind that but Anna on the show said no
that I think he's doing it on purpose to
stoke up racial animosity and they get
races to vote for him and I was a tiny
bit skeptical about that I think that he
it was mainly his perspective that is so
wrong and I think that it was outrageous
comments to begin with don't get me
wrong but was he doing it on purpose to
try to get races supposed to out of the
thin blue air to say what America was
great when we had slavery I mean he did
say afterwards you know that hey we got
rid of slavery and that's a good thing
right
so well then we have more context that
might let us decide that so he went on a
show called eros took Watchmen whatever
that means
now even going on this show shows you
how extreme II is because on the show
they claim that the federal government
itself is acting illegally and has been
quote hijacked which means Americans are
not required to follow their laws they
also believe that many state laws are
illegitimate and quote repugnant to the
Constitution so he's going on an extreme
right-wing anti-government show even
though he's trying to be a United States
Senator the guys on the show tell you
oftentimes not every time but oftentimes
don't listen to the law the rule of law
they they're literally against the rule
of law so it goes on this is a show and
precedes to say insane things and he's
going to talk about the amendments after
the Bill of Rights you know what some of
the amendments were to take away slavery
give women the right to vote
among many other amendments that made
America what it is today a far more
perfect union not at all perfect but I
would argue and I think most rational
human beings would argue women having
the right to vote blacks not being
slaves were good things not for Roy more
listening personally I would like to
season segmented says all the amendments
after ten I would eliminate many
problems you know people don't
understand how some of these amendments
have completely tried to wreck the form
of government that our forefathers
intended specifically I think it's the
17th amendment election of senators
that's right the 17th amendment needs to
be repealed you get it the 14th
amendment was only had proved at the
point of a gun yeah it had it promised
there's very serious problems with its
his approval
the amendment is what they strangle is
worth at me the 14th amendment makes us
not state citizens not silent
individuals that owned by the federal
corporation I believe that is the way
the 14th amendment has turned out well
the danger in the 14th amendment which
was to restrict it has been a
restriction on the states using the
first ten amendments buying through the
14th amendment to restrict the states
from doing something that the federal
government was restricted from doing and
allowing the federal government to do
something which the first ten amendments
prevented them from doing if you
understand the incorporation doctrine
doctrine used by the courts and what it
meant you'd understand what I'm talking
about so let's break down what these
lunatics are talking about this from a
radio interview in 2011 so when he was a
young man in his 60s I guess so number
one you're talking about the 17th
amendment that's direct election of
senators so some loon
takes in the right-wing thing that we
should not have direct election in the
old days those senators were appointed
and that led to out-of-control
corruption where the companies
corporations would simply like by
Senators they say okay I want this guy
appointed I'm gonna give you X amount of
money and you point this guy people were
sick of that corruption and so they pass
it mmm and say no no we need to elect
our senators because it's a democracy
these lunatics are still fighting that
old battle no god I love to corrupt old
days to democracy we don't want
democracy for Saturday's let's just go
back to appointing him all the
corporation's bought him anyway aren't
you guys thrilled with that isn't that
enough for you okay so then they move on
to the 14th amendment in case there's
any lack of clarity in the beginning Roy
Moore said that he was had problems with
the amendments after the Bill of Rights
13th 14th and 15th amendments are after
the Bill of Rights they freed the slaves
those three amendments but if you
weren't confused of it as to whether
they were referred to that then they
start talking about the 14th amendment
and how wrong it was it not only did it
the 13th and 15th amendments free the
slaves but it also gave them right so
I'm sure the Earth's livid about that as
well including due process rights but it
also gave all of us due process rights
and that's part of what they're so angry
about on estates we used to be able to
keep slaves and do whatever the hell we
wanted and crush people now the federal
government says everybody's got rights
even the blacks isn't that terrible Roy
mods are terrible oh yeah their 14th
amendment was forced upon us who's us
who's us I'm pretty sure the 14th
amendment wasn't forced upon
african-americans it was quite the
opposite they were thrilled because it
freed them it gave them freedom the
thing you pretend to care about but it's
actually a punch line to you because
you're all naturally fascists so you
would easily take away the 14th
amendment and enslave people again
because all wrong or cares about is that
Roy Moore and people who look like him
are in charge so even if you put aside
that he's a predator and a child
molester
this guy is important in every other way
right now the polls have him leading in
the state of Alabama for us
seat 4a United States Senate seat this
Alabama Republicans not only do they
apparently not care about child
molestation but they think yeah did we
really have to free the slaves
the 14th amendment do we really need
that well you might say some of them not
might not know about that well you know
about it now and you just heard it from
his own voice I bet you they vote for
Roy Moore anyway even if he loses he
will get an astounding number of votes
from Republican voters in Alabama we'll
see if he wins or loses tomorrow but
either way this does not speak well the
Republicans in Alabama qit membership
gets you commercial free young turks
downloaded stream at podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
