now recently President Trump has been
talking about the antiquities Act now
that's the thing that allows us to take
national monuments and declare oedema as
such protect public lands it is for the
purpose of preserving those lands for
the public that's a fact no one disputes
that okay but for whatever reason Donald
Trump said that this was quote a massive
giveaway a massive giveaway to who the
it preserves it for the public so it's
Donald Trump complaining about how lands
protected for the public is a giveaway
to the public that's a bizarre way of
putting it right but then he started
talking about the quote abuse of the
antiquities Act
well who's abusing in them for what
purpose is the public abusing it is
there some sort of secret private
organization that's gonna do trilling
well hold on let's get them insane but
for now he was complaining about Obama
protecting more public lands okay he
went on to explain abuses have not just
threatened your local economies they've
threatened your very way of life
preserving public lands is somehow
threaten our very way of life how so but
it gets more dramatic he says they've
threatened your hearts with what I
didn't know that preserving a public
land in Utah was going to somehow
endanger my heart man that is strong
language I wonder where he's going with
this he promised that he would reverse
federal overreach and restore the rights
of this land to your citizens public
lands will once again be for public use
but they're for public use now that's
what you're trying to change they're
Orwellian tactics are unprecedented I
know that people have used Orwellian
tricks before but they literally do the
exact opposite of what they claim what
Donald Trump wants to do is take away
public lands privatize them but he just
said that oh that I will make them
public again there's only two possible
explanations one is he revels in lying
to you and telling you the exact times
you watch these idiots would take away
public lands
tell them that I'm doing it to make them
public they will rob them blind and I'm
gonna get to how he's robbing you in a
second or he's so stupid that whoever
wants to trick him into it goes hey look
I just want a mine in these public lands
let's tell Trump that making them
non-public will somehow make them public
he'll believe it he's a moron
either way it does not speak well to
president so his interior secretary
Ryan's think he was executing these
plans said now wait a minute take away
these public lands okay and they just
announced a massive carve away from
these public lands to get bear ears and
at Grand staircase-escalante I mean it's
the biggest takeaway of public lands in
American history okay but Zinke promises
quote this is not about energy there is
no mind within bears ears now you're
gonna be shocked to find out it's about
energy not only that get a load of this
it's about uranium the thing that Donald
Trump just complained about in regards
to the Democrats Oh uranium one why is
it Hillary Clinton being investigated
why is this you've been arrested Muller
was head of the FBI at a time molars got
a problem Obama had a problem you're
ready I'm your radium uranium it turns
out and they want to privatize our
public lands in case of bears ears so
that they could do a uranium mining all
right let me go to the Washington Post
for the story the uranium company
launched a concerted lobbying campaign
to scale back bears yours National
Monument saying such action would give
it easier access to the area's uranium
deposits and help it operate a nearby
processing mill according documents
obtained by The Washington Post so the
company's Energy Fuels resources turns
out they lobbied the Trump
administration give me that public land
uranium price they're a little low now
but we think that they're gonna go up
for a number of reasons related to the
markets so we want to be ready to mine
that area and it's inconvenient to us
now look conservationists are against it
actually some conservatives are against
because if it's public land you could
fish you could hunt you could do
different things because it's reserved
for you not for private corporations
Navajo have complained about it because
in the past there has been uranium
drilling in that area and mines and
guess what happened it leaked into their
water supply and poison them so they are
concerned about that so nonetheless of
course the Trump administration goes
forward Anna May 25th letter to the
Interior Department chief operating
officer mark Chalmers wrote that 1.3 5
million acre x expanse obama created
could quote affect existing and future
mill operations so internally they're
very clear about why they want this the
company says here I'm lobbying your
Trump administration and I want to open
up the public lands cuz it could have
existing and future mill operations that
we'd like to run in a simple old
corruption now remember we've given you
guys a lot of money we've spent a lot of
money lobbying so do as you're told by
your donors and they can do and they are
doing so mark Chalmers said there are
also many other known uranium and
vanadium deposits located within the
original boundaries that could provide
valuable energy and mineral resource in
the future and that's the Energy Fuels
resources Co oh wait I thought it wasn't
about the energy no Ryan Zink he's a
liar I would have never guessed Donald
Trump was lying when he said taking away
public lands which somehow make them
more public and that it didn't have
anything to do with his donors no tell
me it ain't so more details from the
Washington Post Energy Fuels resources
did not just weigh in on national
monuments through public comment letters
it hired a team of lobbyists at Fager
Baker Daniels led by Andrew wheeler
who's awaiting Senate confirmation as
the Environmental Protection Agency's
deputy secretary I wanna get back to in
a second to work on the matter and other
federal policies affecting the company
they paid the firm thirty thousand
dollars between January 1st and
September 30th according to federal
lobbying records for work on this and
other priorities
so did you understand that that guy
Andrew wheeler he is part of this
meeting where they're talking about how
they want to privatize these lands but
he's not in the meeting as part of the
government at the time
he's the lobbyist for the uranium
company then Trump decides uranium
companies so right let's do a crooked
deal and let's take away public lands
and let them mine on it and that guy who
was the top lobbyist for them in that
meeting
I like that crooked sumbitch so much I'm
gonna appoint him to be the deputy
secretary for the Environmental
Protection Agency where he can then work
for those same energy companies in
destroying our environmental regulations
they have no qualms they have no
conscience they have no shame there is
no bottom to that barrel
okay he's awaiting confirmation now
Republicans are you going I'm sure they
will oh whoa this guy's the guy who
robbed Utah in the country of public
lands because of some lobbying that he
did maybe we should put him as the EPA
you're gonna do that day probably will
because that's the whole point of their
entire party is corruption okay one last
thing here the company's vice president
of operations William Paul
g√∂ransson joined wheeler in two other
lobbyists including former Congresswoman
mary bono republican of california to
discuss bears ears in a July 17th
meeting with two top Zinke advisers when
asked about that meeting they're like
well it wasn't necessarily about the
mines well it maybe was about the mines
but just we just had a small
conversation about the uranium mines
well that small conversation has led to
a giant effect which is that they're
going to take away our public lands so
that Republican donors can get uranium
out of our land you want to know a
uranium controversy that's it right
there if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
