here's one thing I know for sure FoxNews
Donald Trump and the Republicans they
care about fake news and they are
worried if they anyone makes a mistake
they think it is monumentally important
they should be fired immediately uh I
know that partly because of what's
happened over the weekend so Dave why
who a reporter for The Washington Post
tweeted a picture he shouldn't have
tweeted I'll give you the full context
first let's go to the New York Times
with explanation the reporter they
explained Dave Weigel
posted a picture of an arena with many
empty seats he deleted tweet after
learning that the venue had not yet
filled up so that was a mistake that he
made and he has admitted to that mistake
and then he took down the tweet because
he didn't want anyone to get the wrong
impression but Donald Trump was not
satisfied let's go to his tweet on this
issue now he shows the one that widel
tweeted in the in up top there where the
stadium is not filled and then the
accurate pictures of the stadium
actually filled during the event Donald
Trump is right about that and Weigel
know is that in fact Weigel knew about
it before Trump even tweeted this but
Trump says why go washington post put
out a phony photo of an empty arena
hours before I arrived at the venue with
thousands of people outside on their way
in real photos now shown as I spoke
packed house many people unable to get
in demand apology and retraction for
fake news Washington Post okay well no
problem because by the time he tweeted
that he gave Wagle on his own account
had taken that down and it was not part
of any Washington Post article so there
was nothing for Washington Post to take
down but furthermore he got that apology
that he was looking for and I think
Michael did the right thing here and as
frustrating as it is to apologize the
Donald Trump who's never apologized for
a single thing he's ever done wrong let
alone the 800 lines that were documented
by the New York Times in his first six
months but it doesn't matter you still
have to do the morally right thing and I
think Michael did and he said it was a
bad tweet on my personal account not a
story for the Washington Post I deleted
it after like 20 minutes very fair to
call me out and and so that's basically
his apology for the tweet and to
President Trump now if you ever give an
inch to the
right wing are they satisfied never they
don't just want your apology they want
your head they don't care if you're
right or wrong anyway this is just an
opportunity for them so then Trump
tweets well Dave waggle The Washington
Post just admitted that his picture was
a fake fraud question mark showing
almost empty Arena last night for my
speech in Pensacola when in fact he knew
the arena was packed as shown also on TV
fake news he should be fired now wait a
minute he took down the picture and the
tweet well before you were calling for
him to get fired etc so what else did
you want him to do and by the way if he
had intended it to be fake why wouldn't
he just leave it up why wouldn't the
Washington Post then write a huge
article about it and go aha nobody game
because I thought that's what they did
with your inauguration I thought that's
what you charge him with doing it all
the time so if it was really fake it
like faked and intended to be fake as
you charged in one of your tweets that I
just read you why not leave it up why
not insist that it's true why ever do a
correction but it seems like the that
the mainstream media and I believe that
they have an inherent bias and
establishing bias and I think if the
right wing says they have a bias I think
that they are seeing a little wrong in
my opinion if they think it's a liberal
media I think they're seeing it wrong
but I think it's perfectly fair for them
to say there's a bias I say there's a
bias in the media but if you say that
they're making stuff up why wouldn't
they just continue to make it up why
would they ever do a retraction why
would they ever do a correction why did
they suspend Brian Ross ABC News if they
if the whole point is to make up stuff
about Donald Trump wouldn't they give
Brian Ross a bonus wouldn't they say
Dave why a great job on having the wrong
picture up for a whole 20 minutes
congratulations you get a raise but they
haven't done any of that they correct
things immediately you know why because
they actually care about the truth now
they might not always get there in my
opinion because of the bias they don't
even realize they have but the but are
they all in a room making conspiracies
against Donald Trump just to smear him
and then write those articles and then
never retract them no there is an
organization that does that but in favor
Donald Trump and against Democrats that
organization is called Fox News
do they ever fire anyone do they ever
suspend anyone do they ever do any of
that stuff never just at the end of last
week we told you about the story of how
Fox News said that when a room or as
accusers had forged his signature and
the yearbook well it turns out she
hadn't she had added a note underneath
Roy Moore's note but Fox News ran the
headline forged later to their credit
they did an update and said oh okay
turns out it wasn't a forgery she had
just simply added a note but the person
who initially reported that are they
fired are they suspended no look I'm not
calling for that but the right-wing
keeps calling for it every time it
happens in the rest of the media so why
is Fox News immune from any of this
because the reality is we expect them to
make non-stop mistakes we expect them to
lie to mislead their audience that is
part and parcel of what they do in fact
they didn't in this story so the
Washington Post never fired Dave Vigo
nor should they but nonetheless watch
what happens on Fox News this machine
operating in certain news outlets that
frankly they identify themselves as part
of the so-called resistance they're the
opposition and they're getting tagged
over and over and over again pimping
this fake news about usable you talk
about this and at least for one reporter
it turned out to be inexcusable as he
doesn't have a job anymore and that's
from the Washington Post put up this
tweet with a pretty sarcastic comment
about where the president was giving his
speech he said packed to the rafters in
the picture that was taken long before
the speech began and then the president
demanded an apology he apologized and
now he since his left he has not left he
has not been fired fake news that's what
Fox News is fake news I demand everybody
be fired
that's a anchor leland wit eart luckily
i've never seen him before it's okay I'm
sure Fox News fired him immediately
because they say I mean in that segment
they're talking about Weigel you know
needs to be fired it has already been
fired I can't believe they did fake news
like this
cantabile I want every producer in at
FoxNews that worked on that program to
be fired I one thing second to producers
fight I want the editors fired I want
all the executives to be fired that's
how they react right know the guy made a
mistake so he came on and he said this
want to correct a mistake from earlier I
misspoke when talking about the
controversy surrounding Washington Post
reporter Dave Weigel while the president
demanded on Twitter that Y will be fired
he is still with the Washington Post and
I went for with that to apologize for my
mistake if I was right we're not good at
all let's burn him at the stake right no
yeah I got it you made a mistake you
corrected it that's what people who care
about getting a right do I'm surprised
that Fox News bother to correct that if
you remember Bill O'Reilly had dozens of
lies about his so-called reporting
during the wars far more egregious than
Brian Williams and he had preposterous
lies about his connection to the JFK
killing and it was never held
accountable that although sexual
harassment was never held accountable
only until after it became public the
number of times in the severity of a
sexual harassment was Bill O'Reilly
finally fired but not for the lice not
for the lies that he gave over and over
and over again of course on the story
about the so called forgery Breitbart
and all the conservative or online
organizations have never corrected their
story because it's it's not their job to
do the news it's their job to do
propaganda so let's acknowledge that
there's an enormous double standard
there's no question about it and there
are never any consequences for any
conservative that ever gets a story
wrong even if for some of them they did
it on purpose
to mislead you and their audience and
everyone else so and and let's also
acknowledge that yes the mainstream
media when they get something wrong they
try to correct it it is not an attempt
to mislead if it was they just simply
leave it up and they don't it's it gets
exhausting battling their lies day after
day after day and then they tempt
audacity and turn around and talk about
fake news your you've got elected
president Trump because of fake news
so don't pretend that you care about it
when you revel in it if you liked this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
