yet another attempted terrorist attack
in New York this time by a 27 year old
man he is remarkably not killed even
though he tried to blow himself up he
had a suicide vest on it appears but
because he is a buffoon and an
incompetent thank God not surprising
that it would be terrorists would be an
idiot he did not succeed in blowing
himself up or others around him his name
is Aki it'd Allah he apparently is of is
from Bangladesh originally although it's
not clear if he was born here in America
or not that is where he his family
descends from so now we have a video of
the event believe it or not it's
obviously gonna be a little bit grainy
here you're gonna see two finger
pointing up a guy who was about to blow
up and he does except like I said that
the bomb didn't really quite work so
you'll see a lot of smoke but even the
perpetrator doesn't die afterwards let's
watch so he did survive and there was
three other people who were injured they
also all survived
thank God the three other people did not
have serious injuries so let me read you
a tweet from the New York Police
Department as they responded and as you
see the pictures they showed up in full
force this is a 7:20 a.m. it was under
ground under Port Authority which is
exactly the middle of rush hour in New
York City and and could have done a lot
of damage if this bomb had actually
exploded obviously they had to take all
the the people who were commuting and
direct him to other places so they could
find a way to get into New York City and
Port Authority was cleared out as seeing
that New York hasn't seen in quite some
time so the New York Police Department
put out a tweet saying the NYPD is
responding to reports of an explosion of
unknown origin at 42nd Street in eighth
Avenue
the AC and e line are being evacuated at
this time info is preliminary more when
available that was early on they did
obviously get the situation under
control
great job by the authorities here and
then now a description from The
Associated Press of what happened the
improvised device was only partially
detonated officials said characterizing
the incident as an attempted terror
attack and then they the AP went on to
say an anonymous law enforcement
officials told The Associated Press that
Allah was inspired by the Islamic state
group but it apparently not had any
direct contact with the group the
official said he lives in Brooklyn and
may be of Bangladeshi descent as I told
you a little earlier so there's a lot of
guys like this who don't actually
coordinate with Isis or but even have
any direct link to them at all
but for whatever reason they feel like
they have to act and then they say oh
I'm inspired by Isis so that seems to be
the case here what what's weird is that
I thought that all this was going to end
when Donald Trump was elected that's
what he told me it's been well almost
eleven months since he's been in office
this is what the second terrorist attack
at least in New York alone says Trump's
been in office I thought my head was
gonna start spinning because how much
winning we were gonna do and how he was
gonna remember he had the secret plan to
attack Isis so if you grant that this
guy is from Isis whatever that means
well why didn't Donna Trump employ his
secret plan yet what is he waiting for
it is he gonna wait for his term to be
over before he employs a secret plan
there's some chance there was no secret
plan the Donald Trump's a moron and
never had any new ideas on how to fight
terrorism and then in fact fighting
terrorism is trump would say very
complicated nobody knew was this
complicated we knew we knew it's easy to
say oh the Muslims or this or that and
and look at issues in a black and white
way and then what are you gonna do about
it so and how do you combat it you
couldn't profile Muslims all day long
and you do your Muslim travel ban you
could do demagoguery around that the
question is how are you going to
actually stop the bombings so that one's
a little harder because you actually
have to use your head and you have to
actually yes use police work to try to
find out who's going to do it and to
prevent them but Donald Trump doesn't
have that kind of competence he doesn't
have that kind of intelligence
he thought he probably legitimately
thought this because he is that stupid
that he would just get into office and
go gah it's a radical Islamic terror and
and so that's it I'm sure it solved well
it turns out knucklehead it's not solved
that's not how it works
you actually have to do the hard work of
figuring out who who is going to do it
and yes there is unfortunately been a
lot of terrorist attacks mass shootings
Carnage's massacres since Trump has been
elected rule of law that's what he said
he was gonna bring it now a sad joke not
only do we not have safety he keep
continues to break the law every other
day
look I'm frustrated because my friends
and family are in New York how many
terrorist attacks they have to go
through and so I want them safe just
saying oh that group of people are is
are particularly bad and we need to
attack them isn't helping the issue so
serial killers are by unfortunately
statistically generally white men okay
not all of them but overwhelming
majority how does that help me stop a
serial killer what should i do profile
profile all white men that's such a
stupid way of looking at it now you have
to try to actually do the work to figure
out who the people are going to be so
you can stop them are literally our
families and friends lives are on the
line here you're supposed to be the
President of the United States and do
the hard work it takes to keep us safe
and he hasn't done any of that and of
course his promises were complete and
utter nonsense so we're all united in
our disgust of the terrorists and their
actions that is universal no one doubts
not the right wing the left wing the
middle wing it doesn't matter nobody
wants to see terrorists blow up our
family and friends the question is how
are we going to fight them unfortunately
Donald Trump lied about having a secret
strategy obviously doesn't have one and
hasn't stopped terrorism at all what you
just watched was one of the video
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
