so Trump pundit made his announcement
today that he switched in the embassy in
Israel to Jerusalem and according said
HuffPo it's it's the kiss of death
world leaders slam embassy move leaders
around the world incensed over Trump's
Jerusalem decision president Donald
Trump sparked an uproar among leaders
across the world after he signaled that
he would be recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital and moving the US
embassy there appending decades of
American foreign policy and potentially
thwarting any hope for a ray is Rayleigh
Palestinian peace talks the embassy move
would represent the kiss of death to the
Israeli Palestinian priests process said
Manuel Hasan the Palestinian
representative to Britain an issued
Trump has delegated to Jared Kushner his
son-in-law and advisor Jordan's King
Abdullah the second and Saudi Arabia's
King Salman made similar warnings mr.
Trump Jerusalem is the red line of
Muslims Turkey's president Tayyip
Erdogan said Monday he additionally
threatened to cut turkey's diplomatic
ties with israel the Arab League also
opposed the move with Secretary General
Ahmad
gates saying it was a dangerous measure
that would have repercussions Egypt's
president Abdel Fattah el-sissi also
cautioned Trump against quote taking
measures that would undermine the
chances of peace and the Middle East so
it looks like this is a bad deal even
the Justice Democrats are talking about
it the Justice Democrats say Trump's
actions in Jerusalem is reckless and
will produce unnecessary chaos and
violence he will risk anything to use
hatred to serve his greed that's the
Justice Democrats also code pink who I
love firebrand Donald Trump is an
arsonist his recognition of Jerusalem as
Israel's capital is meant to unleash a
firestorm and it will sad and here's one
more political reporter Josh Meyer just
before the President's speech on
Jerusalem a very senior diplomat from
the US ally in the Middle East email to
tell me quote I think that this decision
is
markedly ill-advised and is one that
will prove to be detrimental to the US
interests in the region and to the
standing and interests of level-headed
states in the region that are in the
column of US allies and fierce
proponents of peace and the two-state
solution
he continued I also think that this will
kill any prospect for picking up the
ashes and carrying on with a political
track it will also further the agenda of
extremists and terrorists it will grant
the likes of ISIL a kiss of life after
we collectively almost killed them so
again once again America's worst enemies
are inside America its way it's always
been the way it always will be our
biggest enemies are inside our borders
not outside we're doing this stuff to
ourselves we're crap we crash our
economy we deny our own citizens health
care we kick soldiers out of their
houses at the behest of banks
we're the ones fracking our own country
and screwing it up and dumping oil and
we're the we're doing it to ourselves
and now we're doing this we're the ones
spending all our money on our military
instead of on schools and roads and
bridges and we're in hospital we're the
ones doing that to ourselves and now
we're doing this to ourselves you go
what we're not doing it Trump's doing it
there's one more point he wants to make
he says finally the usually very
reserved Middle Eastern diplomat told me
I feel that this is the sentiment all
over the Arab world and among the elites
who are like me perplexed by the timing
and by the casualty aka casualness by
which it is being handled so again this
is our so our own worst enemies are
inside our borders the people who sell
out to the AIPAC lobby our own
presidents our own thinking well this is
an America we're not doing this to
ourself this is Trump doing this this
isn't the Democrats this is Trump
there's another reason why you shouldn't
have voted for Trump this is why Hillary
Clinton would have been better this is
what happens because the Democrats would
stand up to this rank like the leader on
the Senate for the Democrats Chuck
Schumer I bet you he would
and up to this except if you look at my
computer Schumer says he advised Trump
to declare Jerusalem Israel's undivided
capital that's the Democratic leader in
the Senate that's the Democratic leader
in the Senate that's the I'm gonna say
it probably out five or six more times
that's the Democratic leader in the
Senate just as fucking crazy and
reckless Trump that's the Democratic
leader that's not some frickin wingnut
congressman from some corner of the
country nobody pays attention to that's
the New York senator Democratic leader
in the Senate the number one Democrat
Chuck Schumer hey here's what he said
this is from the hill Schumer himself
told JTA that these he supported the
u.s. moving its embassy to Jerusalem and
criticized Trump over his indecisiveness
on the issue Trump's not doing it fast
enough for Chuck Schumer president
Trump's recent comments suggest his
indecisiveness on the Embassy's
relocation jouvert told the News Agency
as someone who strongly believes that
Jerusalem is the undivided capital of
Israel I'm calling for the US Embassy in
Israel to be relocated to Jerusalem
Schumer said the move would
appropriately commemorate the 50th
anniversary of Jerusalem's reunification
and show the world that the u.s.
definitely acknowledges Jerusalem as
Israel's capital ah ladies and gentlemen
I give you the resistance the resistance
ladies and gentlemen Chuck Schumer hey
the Democrat leader in the Senate the
resistance going along with the most
reckless bullshit Trump can think up and
in when Trump thinks up adding 50
billion dollars to the budget Chuck
Schumer says let's add another thirty to
the military budget let's spend more
that's what the Democrats say the
Democrats often crazier than Trump
this is your resistance this is your
resistance this the whole worlds on fire
over Trump doing this the Democratic
leader in lockstep in fact he's worse
than Trump he was wagging his finger at
Trump because he was indecisive over it
things would have been so so much better
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
