identify as part of the alt-right group
are a little concerned with the way that
all right males have been treating them
it seems as though they would like a
little bit of social justice within
their ideological group now there are
two women specifically who have spoken
out about this Tara McCarthy is one of
them and she essentially addressed these
issues on Twitter because she noticed
that a lot of all right women are being
trolled rather aggressively oh no by the
way I'd like to note for the record
she's an ethno-nationalism flake
complaining about the movement she's it
so I will redo her series of tweets by
the way her Twitter account is private
at the moment she wrote women in the
alt-right are constantly harassed by low
status anonymous trolls trying to put us
in our place no that sucks for her all
right man doing that I would never
the ultimate goal seems to be to bully
us off the internet all right men no no
there's gambling this establishment
men in the alt-right are going to have
to decide whether they will continue to
passively slash actively endorse this
behavior or speak out against it now she
must have gotten some backlash for
speaking out because she immediately
backpedaled a little bit but also got
defensive she says guys I'm not saying I
can't take any trolling or harassment on
the Internet
obviously I can't I know she means that
because of the asterisks I've probably
had more of it than most of you will see
in a lifetime and I'm still here not
going anywhere I'm not stating the above
solely for my own personal benefit the
problem I'm stating here is not that
there are trolls on the internet but
that there are people who proclaim to be
on our side that are trying to tear down
women in our group if you can't see why
this is dysfunctional I can't help you
yeah if you can't see that all right is
highly displaced you know we can't help
you so don't give it on I mean we all
troll trolling is great but I thought we
were just all gonna troll black people
Latinos and Muslims and stuff now you
guys are getting up in my grill why
can't I have rights it's like the plot
of Jurassic Park it's like you you're
with dinosaurs you're with a bunch of
dinosaurs you shouldn't be shocked when
they start attacking people yeah they
start attacking you yeah Chris pray they
have consistently proven to you that
they don't think of women as the same
class of human beings they see you as
second class individuals and so really
you're surprised and okay now let's move
on to another woman who's speaking out
Laura Lawrence southern is her name and
she was getting criticized by members of
the alt-right because she is in favor of
the traditional family dynamic however
she herself is not married and she does
not have kids and so they've been going
after her for not being a baby-making
machine and she addressed those
criticisms in a YouTube video I'll read
you an excerpt from it she said I'm not
trying to sell the idea that myself as a
22 year old needs to be married right
now for the sake of traditionalism and
not being a degenerate what is also just
completely shocking to me is the other
lack other lack of understanding of
nuance oh oh wait wait wait
don't write his trouble understanding
nuance color me surprised I would not
have guessed that huh so here's another
woman saying and in her case she attacks
feminists why does she do that because
the problem feminists is that they're
always trying to get the same rights as
men I believe that's exactly what you're
trying to do here it's pretty
interesting okay so now when you try to
use the same rights as the alt-right men
and they don't respect you and they
don't give you those rights or respect
hmm it's almost like you need feminism
to get help a sister out there there are
literally okay a pretty big name alright
male figures who talk about how they
don't think rape is a big deal they
don't care about rape why are you
surprised that they
don't care about you that they don't see
you as a human being that they would
rather troll you or harass you I mean
we're talking about the group of people
who go around threatening people with
rank right we're talking about the same
group of people who go around you know
saying the most disgusting hideous
things about minorities which you
probably enjoy but more importantly they
say negative hideous things about women
all the time I don't know it's just
okay cry me a River like why are
you surprised I mean these are women who
are young they're in their 20s maybe
they'll learn I remember there was a
period of time in my life where I was
afraid of the word feminism as well
Michael my god feminism no I don't want
to be associated with them that's
terrible and it's because I bought into
this feminazi propaganda that was fueled
by deplorable people like Rush Limbaugh
and so look I mean live a little because
you'll see what really goes well she's
living a little now let me give you a
quote from her she says feminism unquote
female empowerment has led to a
generation of the least happy woman in
history so I'm well you sound really
happy now
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
