thank you for allowing me to make my
statement I wrote it myself yesterday
afternoon and evening no one has seen a
draft or it except for one of my former
law clerks this is my statement less
than two weeks ago dr. Ford publicly
accused me of committing wrongdoing and
an event more than 36 years ago when we
were both in high school I denied the
allegation immediately categorically and
unequivocally all four people allegedly
at the event including dr. Ford's
longtime friend miss Kaiser have said
they recall no such event her longtime
friend miss Kaiser said under penalty of
felony that she does not know me and
does not believe she ever saw me at a
party ever
here is the quote from Miss kaiser's
attorneys letter quote simply put miss
Kaiser does not know mr. Cavanaugh and
she has no recollection of ever being at
a party or gathering where he was
present with or without dr. Ford
end quote think about that fact the day
after the allegation appeared I told
this committee that I wanted a hearing
as soon as possible
to clear my name I demanded a hearing
for the very next day unfortunately it
took the committee ten days to get to
this hearing in those 10 long days as
was predictable and as I predicted my
family and my name have been totally and
permanently destroyed by vicious and
false additional accusations the 10-day
delay has been harmful to me and my
family to the Supreme Court and to the
country when this allegation first arose
I welcomed any kind of advice
Eston senate FBI or otherwise the
committee now has conducted a thorough
investigation and I've cooperated fully
I know that any kind of investigation
Senate FBI montgomery county police
whatever will clear me listen to the
people i know listen to the people have
known me my whole life listen to the
people i've grown up with and worked
with and played with and coached with
and dated and taught and gone to games
with and had beers with and listened to
the witnesses who allegedly were at this
event 36 years ago listen to miss kaiser
she does not know me i was not at the
party described by dr. ford this
confirmation process has become a
national disgrace the Constitution gives
the Senate an important role in the
confirmation process but you have
replaced advice and consent with Search
and Destroy
since my nomination in July there's been
a frenzy on the left to come up with
something anything to block my
confirmation shortly after I was
nominated the Democratic Senate leader
said he would quote oppose me with
everything he's got a Democratic senator
on this committee publicly publicly
referred to me as evil evil think about
that word and said that those who
supported me were quote complicit and
evil another Democratic senator on this
committee said quote judge Kavanagh is
your worst nightmare
a former head of the Democratic National
Committee said quote judge Kavanagh will
threaten the lives of millions of
Americans for decades to come
I understand the passions of the moment
but I would say to those senators your
words have meaning millions of Americans
listened carefully to you given comments
like those is it any surprise that
people have been willing to do anything
to make any physical threat against my
family
to send any violent email to my wife to
make any kind of allegation against me
and against my friends to blow me up and
take me down you sowed the wind for
decades to come
I fear that the whole country will reap
the whirlwind the behavior of several
the Democratic members of this committee
at my hearing a few weeks ago was an
embarrassment but at least it was just a
good old-fashioned attempt at barking
those efforts didn't work when I did at
least ok enough at the hearings that it
looked like I might actually get
confirmed a new tactic was needed some
of you were lying in wait and had it
ready
this first allegation was held in secret
for weeks by a Democratic member of this
committee and by staff it would be
needed only if you couldn't take me out
on the merits when it was needed this
allegation was unleashed and publicly
deployed over dr. Ford's wishes and then
and then as no doubt was expected if not
planned came a long series of false
last-minute smears designed to scare me
and drive me out of the process before
any hearing occurred crazy stuff gangs
illegitimate children fights on boats in
Rhode Island's all nonsense reported
breathlessly and often uncritically by
the media this has destroyed my family
and my good name a good name Buddha
built up through decades of very hard
work and public service at the highest
levels of the American government
this whole two-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with a parent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons and millions
of dollars in money from outside
left-wing opposition groups this is a
circus the consequences will extend long
past my nomination the consequences will
be with us for decades this grotesque
and coordinated character assassination
will dissuade competent and good people
of all political persuasions from
serving our country and as we all know
in the United States political system of
the early 2000s what goes around comes
around I am an optimistic guy I always
try to be on the sunrise side of the
mountain to be optimistic about the day
that is coming but today I have to say
that I fear for the future last time I
was here I told this committee that a
federal judge must be independent not
swayed by public or political pressure I
said I was such a judge and I am I will
not be intimidated into withdrawing from
this process you've tried hard you've
given it your all no one can question
your effort but your coordinated and
well-funded effort to destroy my good
name and destroy my family will not
drive me out the vile threats of
violence against my family will not
drive me out you may defeat me in the
final vote
but you'll never get me to quit never
I'm here today to tell the truth I've
never sexually assaulted anyone not in
high school not in college
not ever sexual assault is horrific one
of my closest friends to this day is a
woman who was sexually abused and who in
the 1990s when we're in our 30s confided
in me about the abuse and sought my
advice I was one of the only people she
consulted allegations of sexual assault
must always be taken seriously always
those who make allegations always
deserve to be heard at the same time the
person who is the subject of the
allegations also deserves to be heard
due process is a foundation of the
American rule of law due process means
listening to both sides as I told you of
my hearing 3 weeks ago I'm the only
child of Martha and Ed Cavanaugh they
are here today when I was 10 my mom went
to law school and as a lawyer she worked
hard and overcame barriers including the
workplace sexual harassment that so many
women face at the time and still face
today she became a trailblazer one of
Mayor Marilyn's earliest women
prosecutors and trial judges she and my
dad taught me the importance of equality
and respect for all people and she
inspired me to be a lawyer and a judge
last time I was here I told you that
when my mom was a prosecutor and I was
in high school she used to practice her
closing arguments at the dining room
table on my dad and me as I told you her
trademark line was use your common sense
what rings true what rings false
her trademark line is a good reminder as
we sit here today some 36 years after
the alleged event occurred when there is
no corroboration and indeed it is
refuted by the people allegedly there
after I have been in the public arena
for 26 years without even a hint a whiff
of an allegation like this and when my
nomination to the Supreme Court was just
about to be voted on at a time when I'm
called evil by a Democratic member of
this committee while Democratic
opponents of my nomination say people
will die if I am confirmed this
onslaught of last-minute allegations
does not ring true I'm not questioning
that dr. Ford may have been sexually
assaulted by some person in some place
at some time but I have never done this
to her or to anyone that's not who I am
it is not who I was I am innocent of
this charge I intend no ill will to dr.
Ford and her family the other night
Ashley and my daughter Liza said their
prayers and little Liza all 10 years old
said to Ashley we should pray for the
woman it's a lot of wisdom from a 10
year old we mean we mean no ill will
first let's start with my career for the
last 26 years since 1992 I've served in
many high-profile and sensitive
government positions for which the FBI
has investigated my background six
separate times six separate FBI
background investigations over 26 years
all of them after the event alleged here
I have been in the public arena and
under extreme public scrutiny for
decades in 1992 I worked for the office
of Solicitor General in the Department
of Justice in 1993 I clerked on the
Supreme Court for Justice Anthony
Kennedy I spent four years of the
independent counsel's office during the
1990s that office was the subject of
enormous scrutiny from the media and the
public during 1998 the year of the
impeachment of President Clinton our
office generally and I personally were
in the middle of an intense national
media and political spotlight I in other
leading members of ken starr's office or
opposition researched from head to toe
from birth through the present day
recall the people who were exposed that
year of 1998 as having engaged in some
sexual wrongdoing or indiscretions in
their past one person on the Left even
paid a million dollars for people to
report evidence of sexual wrongdoing and
it worked
exposed some prominent people nothing
about me from 2001 to 2006 I worked for
President George W Bush in the White
House as staff secretary I was by
President Bush's side for three years it
was entrusted with the nation's most
sensitive secrets I traveled on Air
Force One all over the country and the
world with
Bush I went everywhere with him from
Texas to Pakistan from Alaska to
Australia from Buckingham Palace to the
Vatican three years in the West Wing
five and a half years in the White House
I was then nominated to be a judge on
the DC Circuit I was thoroughly vetted
by the White House the FBI the American
Bar Association and this committee I sat
before this committee for two thorough
confirmation hearings in 2004 in 2006
for the past 12 years leading up to my
nomination for this job I've served in a
very public arena as a federal judge on
what is often referred to as the second
most important court in the country I've
handled some of the most significant and
sensitive cases affecting the lives and
liberties of the American people I have
been a good judge and for this
nomination another FBI background
investigation another American Bar
Association investigation 31 hours of
hearings 65 senator meetings 1200
written questions more than all previous
Supreme Court nominees combined
throughout that entire time throughout
my 53 years and seven months on this
earth until last week no one ever
accused me of any kind of sexual
misconduct
no one ever a lifetime a lifetime of
public service and a lifetime of
high-profile public service at the
highest levels of American government
and never a hint of anything of this
kind and that's because nothing of this
kind ever happened
second let's turn to specifics I
categorically and unequivocally to deny
the allegation against me by dr. Ford I
never had any sexual or physical
encounter of any kind with dr. Ford I
never attended a gathering like the one
dr. Ford describes in her allegation
I've never sexually assaulted dr. Ford
or anyone again I am NOT questioning
that dr. Ford may have been sexually
assaulted by some person in some place
at some time but I've never done that to
her or to anyone
dr. Ford's allegation stems from a party
that she alleges occurred during the
summer of 1982 36 years ago I was 17
years old between my junior and senior
years of high school at Georgetown prep
a rigorous all-boys Catholic Jesuit High
School in Rockville Maryland when my
friends and I spent time together at
parties on weekends it was usually with
friends from nearby Catholic all-girls
high schools Stoneridge Holy Child
visitation Immaculata Holy Cross dr.
Ford did not attend one of those schools
she attended an independent private
school named holding arms and she was a
year behind me she and I did not travel
in the same social circles it is
possible that we met at some point at
some events although I do not recall
that to repeat all of the people
identified by dr. Ford as being present
at the party have said they do not
remember any such party ever happening
importantly her friend miss Kaiser has
not only denied knowledge of the party
miss Kaiser said under penalty of felony
she does not know me does not recall
ever being at a party with me ever
and my two male friends who are
allegedly there who knew me well have
told this committee under penalty of
felony that they do not recall any such
party and that I never did or would do
anything like this
dr. Ford's allegation is not merely
uncorroborated it is refuted by the very
people she says were there including by
a longtime friend of hers refuted third
doctor Ford has said that this event
occurred at a house near Columbia
Country Club which is at the corner of
Connecticut Avenue in the east-west
highway in Chevy Chase Maryland in her
letter to senator Feinstein she said
that there were four other people at the
house but none of those people nor I
lived near Columbia Country Club as of
the summer of 1982 dr. Ford was 15 and
could not drive yet and she did not live
near Columbia Country Club
she says confidently that she had one
beer at the party but she does not say
how she got to the house in question or
how she got home or whose house it was
fourth I've submitted to this committee
detailed calendars recording my
activities in the summer of 1982 why did
I keep calendars my dad started to
keeping detailed calendars of his life
in 1978
he did so is both a calendar and a diary
it's a very organized guy to put it
mildly
Christmastime we sit around and he ails
of old stories old milestones old
weddings old events from his calendars
in ninth grade and ninth grade in 1980 I
started keeping counters my own for me
also it's both account or in a diary
I've kept such calendars Diaries for the
last 38 years mine are not as good as my
dad's in some years and when I was a kid
the calendars are about what you would
expect from a kid some goofy parts some
embarrassing parts but I did have the
summer of 1982 documented pretty well
the event described by dr. Ford
presumably happened on a weekend because
I believe everyone worked and had jobs
in the summers and in any event a
drunken early evening event of the kind
she describes presumably happened on a
weekend if it was a weekend my calendars
show that I was out of town almost every
weekend night before football training
camp started in late August the only
weekend nights that I was in DC were
Friday June 4 when I was with my dad at
a pro golf tournament
and had my high school achievement test
at 8:30 the next morning I also was in
DC on Saturday night August 7th but I
was at a small gathering at Becky's
house in Rockville with Matt Denise Lori
and Jenny their names are all listed on
my calendar I won't use their last names
here and then on the weekend of August
22 22nd I was staying at the Garrett's
with Pat and Chris as we did final
preparations for football training camp
that began on Sunday the 22nd as the
calendars confirm the wit that weekend
before a brutal football training camp
schedule was no time for parties so let
me emphasize this point if the party
described by dr. Ford happened in the
summer of 1982 on a weekend night my
calendar shows all but definitively that
I was not there during the weekdays in
the summer of 1982 as you can see I was
out of town for two weeks of the summer
for a trip to the beach with friends and
at the legendary 5 star basketball camp
in Holmes Dale Pennsylvania
when I was in town I spent much of my
time working working out lifting weights
playing basketball or hanging out and
having some beers with friends as we
talked about life and football and
school and girls some have noticed that
I didn't have church on Sundays on my
calendars I also didn't list brushing my
teeth and for me going to church on
Sundays was like brushing my teeth
automatic still is in the summer of 1981
I had worked construction in the summer
of 1982 my job was cutting lawns I had
my own business of sorts you see some
specifics about the lawn cutting listed
on the August calendar page when I had
to time the last lawn cuttings of the
summer of various lawns before football
training camp I played in a lot of
summer league basketball games for the
Georgetown Prep team at night at Blair
high school and Silver Spring many
nights I worked out with other guys at
Tobin's house
he was the great quarterback on our
football team and his dad ran workouts
or lifted weights to Georgetown Prep in
preparation for the football season I
attended and watched many sporting
events as is my habit to this day the
calendars show a few Weeke Day
gatherings at friends houses after a
workout or just to meet up and have some
beers but none of those gatherings
included the group of people that dr.
Ford has identified and as my calendars
show I was very precise about listing
who was there very precise and keeping
keep in mind my calendars also are
Diaries of sorts forward-looking and
backward looking just like my dad's you
can see for example that I crossed out
missed workouts and the canceled
doctor's appointments and that I listed
the precise people who had shown up for
certain events the calendars are
obviously not dispositive on their own
but there are another piece of evidence
in the mix for you to consider
fifth dr. Ford's allegation is radically
inconsistent with my record and my
character
for my youth to the present day as
students at an all-boys Catholic Jesuit
school many of us became friends and
remained friends to this day with
students at local Catholic all-girls
schools one feature of my life that has
remained true to the present day is that
I've always had a lot of close female
friends I'm not talking about
girlfriends I'm talking about friends
who are women that started in high
school maybe it was cuz I'm an only
child and had no sisters but anyway we
had no social media or text or email and
we talked on the phone I remember
talking almost every night it seemed to
my friends Amy or Julie or Kristen or
Karen or Suzanne or Maura or Megan or
Nikki the list goes on friends for a
lifetime built on a foundation of
talking through school and life starting
at age 14 several those great women on
the seats right behind me today my
friends and I sometimes got together and
had parties on weekends the drinking age
was 18 in Maryland for most of my time
in high school and was 18 in DC for all
my time in high school I drank beer with
my friends almost everyone did sometimes
I had too many beers sometimes others
did I liked beer I still liked beer but
I did not drink beer to the point of
blacking out and I never sexually
assaulted anyone there is a bright line
between drinking beer which I gladly do
in which I fully embrace and sexually
assaulting someone which is a violent
crime if every American who drinks beer
or every American who drank beer in high
school is suddenly presumed guilty of
sexual assault will be an ugly new place
in this country I never committed sexual
assault as high school students we
sometimes did goofy or stupid things I
doubt we are alone and looking back at
high school and cringing at some things
for one thing our yearbook was a
disaster
I think some editors and students wanted
the yearbook to be some combination of
Animal House Caddyshack and Fast Times
at Ridgemont High which were all recent
movies at that time many of us went
along in the yearbook to the point of
absurdity this past week my friends and
I have cringed
when we read about it and talk to each
other
one thing in particular we're sad about
whatever good
one of our good female friends who we
would de Meyer what the dances with had
her name used on yearbook page with the
term alumnus that yearbook reference was
clumsily intended to show affection and
that she was one of us but in this
circus the media's interpreted the term
is related to sex was not related to sex
it's the woman herself noted the media
on the record she and I never had any
six sexual interaction of it at all so
sorry to her for that yearbook reference
this may sound a bit trivial given all
that we are here for but one thing I
want to try to make sure sure of in the
future
it's my friendship with her she was and
is a great person as to sex this is not
a topic I ever imagined would come up at
a judicial confirmation hearing but I
want to give you a full picture of who I
was I never had sexual intercourse or
anything close to it during high school
or for many years after that in some
crowds I was probably a little outwardly
shy about my inexperience tried to hide
that at the same time I was also
inwardly proud of it for me and the
girls who I was friends with that lack
of major a rampant sexual activity in
high school was a matter of faith and
respect and caution the committee has a
letter from 65 women who knew me in high
school
they said that I always treated them
with dignity and respect that letter
came together in one night 35 years
after graduation while a sexual assault
allegation was pending against me in a
very fraught and public situation where
they knew they knew they'd be vilified
if they defended me think about that
they put themselves on the line for me
those are some awesome women and I love
all of them you also have a letter from
women who knew me in college most were
varsity athletes and they described that
I treated them as friends and equals and
supported them in their sports at a time
when women's sports was emerging in the
wake of title 9 I thank all them for all
their texts and their emails and their
support one of those women friends from
college a self-described liberal and
feminists sent me a text last night that
said quote deep breaths
you're a good man a good man a good man
a text yesterday from another of those
women friends from college said quote
Bret be strong pulling for you to my
core a third text yesterday from yet
another of those women I'm friends with
from college said I'm holding you in the
light of God
as I said in my opening statement the
last time I was with you cherish your
friends look out for your friends
lift up your friends love your friends I
felt that love more over the last two
weeks than I ever have in my life I
thank all my friends I love all my
friends throughout my life I've devoted
huge efforts to encouraging and
promoting the careers of women I will
put my record up against anyone's male
or female I am proud of the letter from
84 women 84 women who works with me at
the bush White House from 2001 to 2006
and described me as quote a man of the
highest integrity read the op-ed from
Sarah Day from Yarmouth Maine she worked
in Oval Office operations outside of
President Bush's office here's what she
recently wrote in central Maine comm and
today she stands by her comments quote
Brett was an advocate for young women
like me he encouraged me to take on more
responsibilities and to feel confident
in my role in fact during the 2004
Republican National Convention Brett
gave me the opportunity to help with the
preparation and review of the
president's remarks something I never
something I never would have had the
chance to do if he had not included me
and he didn't just include me in the
work he made sure I was at Madison
Square Garden to watch the President's
speech instead of back at the hotel
watching on TV end quote as a judge
since 2006 I've had the privilege of
hiring for recent law school graduates
to serve as my law clerks each year the
law clerks for
federal judges are the best and
brightest graduates of American law
schools they worked for one-year terms
for judges after law school and then
they move on in their careers for judges
training these young lawyers is an
important responsibility
the clerk's will become the next
generation of American lawyers and
leaders judges and senators just after I
took the bench in 2006 there was a major
New York Times story about the low
numbers of women law clerks at the
Supreme Court and federal appeals courts
I took notice and I took action a
majority of my 48 law clerks over the
last 12 years have been women in a
letter to this committee my women law
clerks said I was one of the strongest
strongest advocates in the federal
judiciary for women lawyers and they
wrote that the legal profession is
fairer and more equal because of me in
my time on the bench no federal judge
not a single one in the country
has sent more women law clerks to clerk
on the Supreme Court than I have before
this allegation arose two weeks ago I
was required to start making certain
administrative preparations for my
possible transfer to the Supreme Court
just in case I was confirmed as part of
that I had to in essence contingently
hire a first group of four law clerks
who could be available to clerk at the
Supreme Court for me on a moment's
notice I did so and continually hired
for law clerks all four women if
confirmed I'll be the first justice in
the history of the Supreme Court to have
a group of all women law clerks that is
Who I am
that is who I was
over the past twelve years I've taught
constitutional law to hundreds of
students primarily at Harvard Law School
was hired by then Dean and now justice
Elena Kagan one of my former women's
students a Democrat testified to this
committee that I was an even-handed
professor who treats people fairly and
with respect in a letter to this
committee my former students male and
female alike wrote that I displayed a
character that impressed us all I loved
teaching law but thanks to what some of
you on this side of the committee have
unleashed
I may never be able to teach again for
the past seven years I've coached my two
daughters basketball teams you saw many
of those girls when they came to my
hearing for a couple of hours you have a
letter from the parents of the girls I
coached that described my dedication
commitment and character I coach because
I know that a girl's confidence on the
basketball court translates into
confidence in other aspects of life
I love coaching more than anything I've
ever done in my whole life but thanks to
what some of you on this side of the
committee of unleashed
I may never be able to coach again I've
been a judge for 12 years I have a long
record of service to America and to the
Constitution I revere the Constitution
I am deeply grateful to President Trump
for nominating me he was so gracious to
my family and me on the July night he
announced my nomination at the White
House
I thanked him for his steadfast support
when I accepted the president's
nomination Ashley and I knew this
process would be challenging we never
expected that it would devolve into this
explaining this to our daughters has
been about the worst experience of our
lives Ashley has been a rock I thank God
every day for Ashley and my family we
live in a country devoted to due process
and the rule of law that means taking
allegations seriously but if the mere
allegation the mere assertion of an
allegation a refuted allegations from 36
years ago is enough to destroy a
person's life and career we will have
abandoned the basic principles of
fairness and due process that define our
legal system in our country I asked you
to judge me by the standard that you
would want to apply to your father your
husband
your brother or your son my family and I
intend no ill-will toward dr. Ford or
her family but I swear today under oath
before the Senate and the nation before
my family and god I am innocent of this
charge thank you judge Cavanaugh before
we start questions I won't repeat what I
said this morning but we'll do it the
same way as we did for dr. Ford and
five-minute rounds and so we will start
with miss Mitchell
good afternoon judge Cavanaugh we have
not met my name is Rachel Mitchell I'd
like to go over a couple of guidelines
for our question and answer session
today if I ask a question yeah I'm ready
okay all right
Bret and I clearly have strong opinions
and some analysis to share with you
regarding Cavanaugh's opening statement
I don't want to do that now considering
the fact that the questioning has
already begun well right now she's
outlining the same way she outlined to
the previous Christine Blasi Ford about
them saying if you have any problems so
let's just quickly do as much as we can
while we wait for you know the other
line of questioning that will come from
both Democrats and I'm guessing Rachel
Mitchell on the Republican side okay so
that was an incredibly long opening
statement from Brett Kavanaugh and it
began with the strategy of anger and
then later he was crying he was sobbing
lots of water drinking and there were
some lies or at least some
consistency's in his opening statement
that I do want to touch on so first he
did touch on the yearbook that was
called it to question there were
references to Rene
alumnus in the yearbook and and his
personal page also included that there
has been evidence to show that the
reference to Rene - mint - was meant to
brag about so-called sexual conquests
and he made it seem as though no no no
this was all an attempt to show our
admiration and affection for her
I mean who believes that who believes
that really do you really believe that
he wants you to he was you so he one
thing that he keeps coming back to in
his statements is that his mom was a
judge and she always put everything
through the same test the same way you
hear Cory Booker talk about his family
buying a house all the time
he heard Brecht Ave and I talked about
how his mom said what rings true and to
me what rings true is probably based on
what you thought going in but in this it
just nothing he says internally rings
true the thing that rings true to me is
I heard her give her speech she what she
said seemed like the truth for him I
think that he has every incentive
personally to can you know if this is
the narrative continue refuting and
denying until his dying day right and he
is refusing to withdraw the nomination
he says he was angry in indignant and
looked to be fair if you are dealing
with what you perceive to be false
allegations you would be angry too so I
I don't want to you know be unfair in
that regard and be too judgmental about
the tone however it didn't come off as a
good strategy because you know what I'm
seeing and and also what I perceived
myself was that it was too much like you
went too far and it was it didn't come
across as credible especially when you
compare his opening statement to the
statement that we heard from dr. Blasio
he needed to drink a lot of water and
just look through moments in history
that turned into viral moments and
people drinking water it does
stay consistent with those who are
telling the truth if that's the small
things that we're gonna pull from it
right but also he he had a hold me back
moment where he said listen I said I'd
be fine with an FBI investigation he
cites a bunch of other SBI FBI
investigations that he went through in
the past before this but what rings true
to me is everything everyone has said
about how if she was victimized at a
young age she didn't share with anyone
until this moment and now that this
moment has brought this to the fore why
would he not insist instead he says hold
me back you know
any kind of dumps it on the Republicans
there was there was quite a bit of
regurgitation in his opening statement
the rieta emphasizing the same talking
points that we've heard the talking
point about how you know he also wants
to appear sensitive to the sexual
assault allegations while simultaneously
denying that he was the one who did
anything wrong he says that he believes
that she's been victimized but says that
if it wasn't him it might have been
someone else it it's so ridiculous to
say that and and dr. Blasi Ford has
already addressed that she addressed it
in the line of questioning that she had
to deal with from Mitchell the
prosecutor that the Republicans hired
and so that talking point does nothing
for me but more importantly he really
wanted to emphasize how kind he's been
to women throughout his life and that
might be true but it is very possible to
be kind to some women while also
victimizing other women it means nothing
saying that you've employed women in
your career means nothing that does not
debunk any type of sexual assault
allegations that doesn't prove anything
he also spent a lot of time talking
about the calendar and that serves as
his alibi and he also mentioned
specifically that the calendar doesn't
necessarily prove anything but it is a
piece of evidence that should be
considered the same can be said of the
polygraph test which Republicans were
trying to brush under the rug refused to
show the the results of during
dr. Blasi Ford's portion of the
testimony and look I understand that
polygraph tests are not 100% accurate I
think that that is an important point to
bring up however it is also a piece of
evidence that should be considered it is
not the end-all be-all but it is a piece
of the evidence that should be
considered and by the way if Cavanaugh
wanted an FBI investigation then why
wasn't there an FBI investigation
there wasn't Republicans have been
rushing this through they refused the
FBI investigation they refused involving
Marc judge who was allegedly the other
person in the room as this alleged
sexual assault took place there were a
lot of inconsistencies you have to
forget about his tone okay I know I'm
sorry forget about the speculative part
of all of this focus on what he's saying
and there are inconsistencies there and
and I think that that should be the
heart of what people focus on the TYT
plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
