recently Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn
spoke about the fact that when she goes
to the Winter Olympics she intends to
represent the United States a country
that she's proud of but she does not
wish to represent president Donald Trump
now that is her political opinion that
is free speech but Fox News didn't like
it their feelings were hurt because we
must bow down to our leader so Fox and
Friends had this hilarious segment that
I wanted to share with you guys
take a look American skier Lindsey Vonn
she would like to win another gold medal
at the Winter Olympics in South Korea
coming up that's right but but here's
the problem if she wins she's not going
to the White House she's already said
that she said she does not like Donald
Trump listen to what she said yesterday
I hope to represent the people of the
United States not the president I want
to represent our country well and I
don't think there are a lot of people
currently in our government that do that
all right she's just another celebrity
another Hollywood person who doesn't
agree with the president resistant
thinking chairs you know the last part
of a statement was true there not a lot
of people in government representing us
well maybe she watched the first program
and saw that that's true and not a lot
of it has to do with President Trump you
know what's interesting is you think
about it her ex is Tiger Woods who
played golf with President Trump what a
week ago maybe they broke up so Tiger
Woods had no problem apparently playing
golf with the president but if she wins
she's not going to the White House did
thinking about that you got athlete's
preemptively declaring their resistance
to a president as they get the honor
think about the honor of going to the
Olympics and representing wearing the
flag it's like wearing the flag in
combat in battle you're - it's a team
ground to saying bump no it's just just
we're gonna write off our president
Barry unamerican
how is she by the way preemptively
stating her resistance as if Trump
hasn't been elected yet like he's been
president already like he's showing is
it has a proven track record of what a
gigantic douche bag he is so guess what
someone gets to resist him
or reject him in any way that they like
and I'm very curious to see if Fox and
Friends would have a similar segment if
Lindsey Vonn said the same thing about
Obama would they go on their book so
unpatriotic can't believe she's doing
it's like you know going to the Winter
Olympics is like fighting for our
country it's like being the military man
no I doubt it and by the way one of them
thought it was like risking your life in
the military and the other one thought
oh she's just an empty celebrity yeah
well actually it's not an empty she's a
pretty good athlete Olympics
I love the maybe that's why they broke
up two years ago is because the
president played golf with Tiger Woods
last week yeah
like the I just was like so it's if
you're look there's a thousand reasons
why she might not want to see Trump one
of them is that she's a woman and Trump
has allegations about 16:20 woman that
that he has attacked so would you want
to go in a room with Harvey Weinstein if
you're a woman I wouldn't write what I
want to go in a room with Donald Trump I
don't know it's you're taking your
chances so that's why it is a little
different than just a normal political
situation and to be fair if Obama having
not done anything physical to people or
attacking any groups of people if
someone had raised their hands and said
I don't want to meet Obama I don't think
he's my president right I'd be a little
problematic and so no I disagree I think
that are we forgetting what this
country's about like this country is
about being able to freely express
yourself and and and especially one of
the most important things is is feeling
comfortable enough to speak truth to
power I don't care if it's a Democrat
I'm here if it's a Republican I don't
care if it's Obama I don't care if it's
Trump it's like the fact that they're
making such a big deal about this just
shows a fundamental misunderstanding of
some of the more important elements of
this country it's also the like Lindsey
Vonn is telling the president
essentially to go F himself but like
isn't how does the president told a
bunch of people to go F themselves since
he set foot on the public stage it's
actually consistent with at least
that Trump has done in the past and
saying that yeah I I think it's I think
it's absolutely hilarious as is the line
when one person says do you think Trump
cares
the Ainsley Earhardt also said on that
thing do you think Trump cares about her
and the answer is yes no he's watching
and you care about what Trump thinks
about you which is why you're stroking
his ego every single minute of your
telecast yes when Trump steam unleashes
him and allows him to tweet again I want
to be clear of course I don't care
people criticize Obama at least with
Trump II like he's attacked certain
groups of people that yeah if you're a
Latino or you're Muslim I don't think
you want to go meet Trump on anything
that's fair and or you're a woman or
you're a decent human being if you want
to get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
aam /join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
