yesterday news broke that Arizona
Representative Trent Franks would be
resigning at the beginning of 2018 due
to some allegations that were going to
be made against him
and he had stated that it was because of
the fact that he had discussed surrogacy
with two of his staffers but he didn't
really dig into the D or share any of
the details of that now today things
changed a little bit he has decided that
he will resign immediately and The
Associated Press broke news through a
tweet that said the following Associated
Press exclusive former aide says GOP
representative Trent Franks offered her
five million dollars to carry his child
Wow
just to give you some more background in
context into this story Trent Franks and
his wife were having a difficult time
conceiving and so they had a surrogate
to carry their twins but then later they
decided they wanted to have more
children his wife had had several
miscarriages and apparently they finally
found another surrogate to have more of
their children but I guess these
conversations were going on among his
staffers and as you can see from what
the Associated Press is reporting one of
his staffers was offered five million
dollars to carry his child so first of
all what a hell is he giving five
million oh yeah if you run for Congress
we now know this because you know
because of just Democrats we have
average regular Americans middle-class
Americans running for Congress like it's
supposed to be in a democracy and then
you realize oh you're not allowed to get
paid for a lot of the time that you're
running and so you have to quit your job
and not get paid so you almost have to
be a millionaire to run for office in
the first place and then once you run
and if you ever go out then you're gonna
get millions of dollars to be a lobbyist
etc so I guess a lot of these
congressmen have five million dollars
sitting around to offer their staffers
for sex let's keep it real now okay
he said that that it was because they
were having quote a discussion of
surrogacy with two previous female
subordinates making each feel
uncomfortable yes was not a
about a discussion of surrogacy this was
not a theory yeah you know my wife and I
were this is that the sweet pranks
framed it my wife and I were going
through the surrogacy and I happen to be
talking about it at the office and I
guess some woman heard about it and they
were uncomfortable so I'm running for
the hills that is not what a Republican
resigns over okay and Paul Ryan says
that that he found the allegations to be
serious and requiring action and that
the speaker takes seriously his
obligation to assure a safe workplace in
the house no Trent Franks did way way
worse than having an innocent
conversation about surrogacy no effing
way that's why he's stepping down the
reality is at a minimum he asked these
staffers to be a surrogates I'd love to
know how he asked them yeah III don't
think that this story is complete I
think that more information will come
out in in the coming days and I think
the reason why he said that he was gonna
resign yesterday was because he wants to
get out in front of it hoping that more
details don't get leaked that no more
reports come out but I think that
regardless of what he does more reports
will come out as we have seen with The
Associated Press by the way I do want to
read you his statement from today he
wrote the following after discussing
options with my family we came to the
conclusion that the best thing for our
family now would be for me to tender my
previous resignation effective today
December 8th 2017 as my old Jamaican
girlfriend used to say whoever wants
this this day whoever won Ron Ron Ron
Ron anyone think that it's a good idea
to ask their subordinates to carry their
children I guarantee you that's not all
good news not only can we replace Trent
Franks we can replace him with the first
transgender woman to ever serve in
Congress so we already had a just
Democrat in that race Breanna Westbrook
and she's fantastic she's progressive
she's uncorrupted wouldn't it be amazing
to have someone who does not have to
answer to corporate PACs as your
Congressman and to replace Trent Franks
that would be awesome and now she's got
a great chance of being able to do that
so if you want to check out who she is
go to Westbrook for congress.com
that's her website and if you're in that
district please volunteer to make that
happen
and if you're not in that district where
you are and you want to help in other
ways
go to justice Democrats comm / Breanna
and there it is
just emma-crats calm such Breanna
whenever we talk about these links the
links are always in the description box
if you're watching on youtube and then
in the comments section on Facebook and
now there's actually a cool little
corner left corner on the YouTube videos
left corner is at the left corner no no
anyway that corner okay hey where
there's a little i' and if you click on
that it also brings you the to the links
so go help replace Tran Frank's will it
awesome progressive if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
slash join and once you do you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
or you might say I think it's weird or
you might say oops no that won't be that
one it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
