just when you thought that you couldn't
possibly hate Donald Trump anymore as it
turns out the man also apparently hates
animals now this has been kind of
evident due to the fact that he lets his
sons go out and kill big-game that are
helpless and usually you know corralled
in an area where it's easy for these men
to kill them but recently it's come to
light according to a White House adviser
Donald Trump thinks that Mike Pence the
vice president of the United States and
his family are low-class yokels those
are Trump's words according to the
adviser because they brought pets into
the vice presidential mansion in
Washington DC according to Donald Trump
having a pet if you're in a position of
power or perhaps just having a pet at
all makes you low-class now Donald Trump
is the first United States president in
the last 150 years to not have a pet
inside the White House and while this
has no effect whatsoever on policy it
does show you a little bit more about
Donald Trump's character Donald Trump is
the kind of human being that is only
capable of caring about one thing and
one thing only himself he doesn't have
any extra love to give to a dog or a cat
or whatever kind of pet he chose to have
he doesn't have any sympathy or empathy
inside of him that would allow him to
care for another creature so of course
he can't wrap his head around why the
majority of Americans in this country
actually have a pet that they want that
companionship or some creature to just
come show love and affection hell you
would think with his starved for
attention as Donald Trump is that a
golden retriever or something like that
would be the perfect thing for him to
keep around it's a creature that's going
to show love and devotion and loyalty no
matter what you do to it that sounds
exactly like the kind of person Donald
Trump was like so why not get a dog
maybe that would help heal your broken
mental state maybe that would help curb
your constant need for love and
attention from the American public but
don't sit there
and call somebody low-class just because
they have a pet look I loathe Mike Pence
and everything Mike Pence stands for and
everything Mike Pence has done
throughout his entire life there are a
million different ways in which you
could attack Mike Pence for the
decisions he's made as an adult and as a
lawmaker but having pets sure as hell
isn't one of them thanks for watching
and if you like what you see here on
ring a fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our Channel you can see the
little subscribe button down there but
if you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
