in the early hours of Saturday morning
this past week in fact at around 2:00
a.m. on Saturday morning this past week
Republicans in the Senate voted by 51 to
49 to pass their disgusting tax cut
package for the rich not a single
Democrat supported this piece of
legislation nor did any of the
independents in the Senate now what was
very interesting about this is that at
8:30 p.m. Friday evening they released
the final piece of legislation so that
everybody could take a look at it and
what happened was that they needed to
make some changes but instead of you
know getting on a computer and making
the changes to the document these morons
decided to do it by hand they had X tout
entire portions of the legislation they
had hand written little notes in there
like add this subtract this this is the
amendment that was the piece of
legislation that these idiots decided to
pass at 2:00 a.m. on Saturday morning it
wasn't finalized technically it wasn't
even saved anywhere they wrote it onto
the actual printed out copies here's
what this means aside from the fact that
it's going to tank the economy screw
over the working class in the United
States we're all gonna pay more money
they get more back we all know that but
what this shows is that Republicans are
intentionally breaking democracy and
that is exactly what they've always
wanted to do it has been a pillar of the
American Republican Party for decades
now to shrink the federal government to
essentially destroy it as Grover
Norquist says to make it so small that
you can drown it in a bathtub
Republicans don't care about these
institutions that have been running
since the very first day that the United
States was officially a country they
don't care about the long-standing
traditions they don't care about the
rights and the rules that come along
with holding those offices all they know
is that back in 2010 a Supreme Court
decision came down in the Citizens
United case that allowed them to receive
unlimited corporate money for their
campaign
and ever since that day and to be honest
probably even a little before that but
ever since that particular day they
through all pretense out the window and
they made it abundantly clear at every
given opportunity that their only goal
as legislators is to make their
corporate donors wealthier that is what
this tax bill is about and that is what
this assault on the federal government
is about and that is exactly what it is
this is an assault on our governing
institutions this is an assault on
American democracy on the Senate itself
on the house itself and certainly on the
presidency itself they will do whatever
it takes they will destroy whatever
regulation pass whatever horrible piece
of legislation no matter how much it
screws over everyone else if it gives
one extra dime to their donors they are
going to support it because they don't
care about the American public they
don't care about the position that they
hold they don't care about the
responsibilities that go along with it
all they care about is who is gonna fill
their campaign coffers the next time
they come knocking for re-election
those are the people that these men
represent and women a few weeks ago a
few months ago whatever it was when we
had a few Republicans who made a good
decision to kill the repeal and replace
attempt by Republicans Murkowski Collins
McCain all of that grandstanding that
these folks did flake with his constant
attacks on the president it meant
nothing
it was window dressing all of these
jackasses just turned around on Friday
or excuse me Saturday morning and voted
for this tax cut bill that's going to
strip people of their health insurance
I believe about 14 million people stand
to lose their health insurance as a
result of this piece of legislation so
everything doesn't matter the things
they said they're standing up to Trump
they're standing up for the
working-class when the chips came down
when they had it all on the line and
could have taken a clear stand for the
American public they chose not to do it
they chose to side with their wealthy
donors and
is what they will continuously choose to
do that is what this is about that is
what it will always be about and that is
why these Republicans that are in there
have to go they do not care about the
job they do not care about the
responsibilities they do not respect the
power that comes along with that office
they are attempting to destroy the
Senate and the house and so far they're
doing a pretty good job of it thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on Ring of Fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our channel you can see the
little subscribe button down there but
if you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
