breaking news asking you shall receive
we asked for Republicans to resign if
they've done something wrong we've just
got news that Republican Trent Franks of
Arizona is resigning so right now
there's no clear story on what exactly
he did that is prompting that
resignation but usually it is because a
media organization is about to break
that story he knows what it is and they
did a prayer circle which is awesome and
the fellow Republicans hugged him maybe
give him a Christian side hug as he was
about to resign there's no way a
Republican resigns unless he did
something horrific something
unimaginable not only that I mean there
must be some form of evidence that
compels him to step down yes so we'll
see we'll see and the evidence has to be
overwhelming for them to resign and this
guy's a zealot of the of the top order
he's exactly the kind of guy who
wouldn't resign unless they absolutely
have him went on terrible charges so to
give you a sense of who he is he was the
one of the biggest proponents of ending
abortion in the country okay you can say
fine pro-life but first of all he kept
introducing legislation to make sure
that women could not get an abortion
past twenty weeks which is
unconstitutional didn't care about the
unconstitutionality of it he then went
on to say in 2013 that the incidences of
rape resulting in pregnancy are very low
so women should have their rapists child
anyway because I mean it's unlikely and
if you got pregnant it probably wasn't
rape that's the implication of that
quote oh he's such a bad guy and and and
of course he's compared abortion to
slavery and the Holocaust and look when
we have these discussions about
reproductive rights and I make the point
that more often than not it really has
nothing to do with morality this is what
I'm talking about are there Christian
conservatives in the country who
genuinely believe it's it's life at the
moment of conception and you know I want
to follow that form of morality yes
right people who are genuine but you
think Trent Franks is
trent franks right yes trent franks is
is genuine about that i mean again we
don't know the specific allegations yet
but he's running around the country
talking about we need to outlaw abortion
even in the cases of rape because that's
the moral thing to do well i mean it
seems like you got some skeletons in
your closet so we'll find out so no
matter why he is resigning from if it
turns out he's resigning because he
cheated on his taxes i don't know i
don't care i'm thrilled to have tran
franks leave congress he's a despicable
guy and God knows what despicable thing
he did for him to actually preemptively
resign but good riddance is my final
note to trent franks if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
