so let's talk a little bit about
Republican women who are supportive of
Kavanagh and want him confirmed as a
Supreme Court justice so there are
protests as you can imagine while this
hearing is taking place and on one side
you have women who are protesting the
notion of Kavanagh becoming a Supreme
Court justice and then on the other side
you have women for Kavanagh and so far
things are peaceful and that's great and
and I believe in our First Amendment
rights to protest regardless of what you
believe or what you support but I do
wonder how it is that you as a woman you
can hear such serious allegations and
still be so vocally supportive of
Kavanagh because at this point you don't
know for sure that he's innocent right
and so it's one thing to be at home
thinking I don't know I feel like these
women might be lying this might be a
political stunt it's another thing to go
out there put your face out there and
say no no support Kavanagh at the same
time there are women who have been or
Republicans I should be clear
Republicans were polled and the poll
question asks if Cavanaugh did this
should does it matter do you think you
should still be confirmed as a Supreme
Court justice and the majority of
Republicans said yeah you should still
be confirmed so why is that our society
holds women in a low regard and so yeah
and they really display that and their
decisions and it is kind of it's it
really permeates every aspect their
lives we're just so normalized to it and
I think that this is just a reflection
of it the fact that we don't value women
or young women and I thought that
certain members of society can access
women at all times like Kamala Harris
have pointed out you know are there any
other laws on the books that control
anyone else's body the fact that our
society still feels it's okay to control
women's body speaks to the fact that
we're still seen as being objects at
least in certain regards and so I am NOT
shakhter I'm just it's it's it's right
it's par for course and I also think a
number of these women number one we run
into the issue of these women themselves
have having these experiences
and they want to normalize it or just
kind of deflect and not deal with the
fact that that was wrong and what you've
experienced right makes you a victim or
you know have to deal with that and then
also there are number women who just
feed into the patriarchy and just that's
the normalized thing so they just prefer
to go along that route and now people
who are just playing on teams of
Democrat Republican right which is
unfortunate either way it's just sad I
mean I wonder what the reaction would be
if the shoe were on the other foot
how would Democratic women respond to a
Supreme Court nominee who is a Democrat
yeah who is liberal but has these very
serious allegations against I think it'd
be just about saying you do I really do
you know I'm curious I do I sincerely do
because I I i just think people are just
so normalized to there are things
they're willing to overlook when they
happen to certain people and when it
happens to a young woman you know the
excuses we had oh he was 17 or oh he was
this or just ignoring the other
allegations against them you know it's I
spent I feel like I spent most of the
week on social media standing up for
good men cuz I thought is not every man
does this right for Trump to post these
you know tweets that are normalizing oh
all men should be scared we've heard no
this is nice and something it's
insulting to men in general right
because not every man does it that's
such a great point on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
