Sam cedar was fired by MSNBC because an
outright propagate or found an old tweet
of his which was a joke that was
actually criticizing people trying to
excuse Roman Polanski's rape Sam was a
hundred percent right on that issue but
when the alt-right
attacked MSNBC panicked and this is not
an uncommon occurrence with people
pretending to be progressive they have
done this a number of times and
including President Obama by the way
remember he panicked over Shirley
Sherrod and the line that always stays
with me in that event was an
administration official telling Shirley
Sherrod who works at Department of
Agriculture they had done an edited
video of her that was wildly deceptive
it was put up on Breitbart and an
administration official had said you've
got to resign before glenn beck goes
on-air and that was during the fox news
days because they care so much about
what the lunatics on the right say and
and this is why i think there's actually
a really important watershed moment
because for once they have now realized
that they have made a mistake and MSNBC
has rehired sam cedar nearly
unprecedented I'm not sure I've ever
seen it in media so part of the folks
that Sam has to thank for that is you
guys so and part of it is people that
work at MSNBC who were frustrated talk
to the press anonymously some like Chris
Hayes who publicly backed Sam cedar
which was brave courageous and the right
thing for Chris to do and then also
other journalists like Ryan grim and and
others who were outraged by what
happened here and of course the public
pressure most of all so Phil Griffin
head of MSNBC somehow still put out this
statement sometimes you just get one
wrong and that's what happened here we
made our initial decision for the right
reasons because we don't consider rape
to be a funny topic to be joked about
but we've heard the feedback and we
understand the point Sam was trying to
make in that tweet was actually in line
with our values even though the language
was not Sam we'll be welcome on our air
going forward just I love the power of
the people when it actually works
because instead of having MSM be
see have a contributor or on-air host
apologize and then fire them which has
been their pattern for years and years
and years now for you guys to speak out
so loudly and clearly that they then
reverse position and they themselves
apologize alright at least we were going
in the right direction here but look
always credit where credit is due so
credit to Phil Griffin for coming to the
right decision eventually so so I'm glad
that MSNBC changed and then Phil let in
that direction okay so now I want a
quote Ryan Grimm here because I think
he's he's the one who started the online
petition for Sam cedar in the first
place
I think a lot of journalists saw what
Ryan was doing in this spoke up for Sam
as well Ryan Grimm is works at the
intercept is also contributor for TYT
and he made some great points here at
the intercept that I wanted to share
with you guys he said institutions
respond to both incentives and pain and
MSNBC clearly thought the most pain free
approach was to cut ties with cedar and
move on but the move brought tremendous
fury down upon them from their own
viewers and employees both rank-and-file
and on-air talent host Chris Hayes
publicly supported cedar and broke with
the network over the decision while
numerous employees gave brutal blind
quotes to media reporters so I think
he's exactly right there and we talked
about this in the context of politics
all the time carrots and sticks
Democrats usually have carrots but never
ever seen sticks unless of course is
against the liberal in which case
they'll bring out a lot of sticks and
some of which are completely unwarranted
and unjustified or almost all of them
are so it's the same in the media though
carrots and sticks if you like what a
network is doing whether it's on TV or
us online you let us know you support us
etc and Sam picked up a lot of people
who supported them on patreon because of
this which is wonderful I'll give you
that page in a second too well over
11,000 people signed Ryan Grimm's
petition on behalf of Sam cedar that's
great but also say hey you know what
there's six this thick is if you if
you're not hiring progressives you're
caving in to the all right
the guy who orchestrated this is a
absolutely despicable guy who led the
pizza gate conspiracy
whoo hymns while pretending to care
about Sam Cedars rape joke has on
numerous occasions that I out on
yesterday on the show and you could
watch that video we has talked about how
he doesn't care about rape he doesn't
believe the date rape even exists he's a
despicable character and who and it he
is proud to smear others and try to ruin
their careers
based on things that he made up so of
course MSNBC shouldn't listen to him and
if they do then you decide you don't
want to listen to them or watch them
that makes perfect sense so and that'll
apply is equal to us and I know from
time to time some people get frustrated
with us and say they're not gonna watch
anymore that's fair we picked the shows
and the channels and the network's that
serve you that serve you and only you so
now I want to get the Sam statement on
this he says I appreciate MSNBC's
thoughtful reconsideration and
willingness to understand the cynical
motives of those who intentionally
misrepresented my tweet for their own
toxic political purposes we are
experiencing an important and long
overdue moment of empowerment for the
victims of sexual assault and of
reckoning for their perpetrators I'm
proud that MSNBC and its staff have set
a clear example of the need to get it
right so good magnanimous state a
statement from Sam cedar on that and now
we'll be seeing him back on MSNBC as
well so by the way at the end of the day
and but the alt-right guy who cooked
this up what did you do you've got Sam
cedar a lot more viewers a lot more
attention good amount of money from
patreon and guaranteed that his contract
would be renewed as usual total and
utter failure on the part of the haunt
right nice job so by the way let me add
to that failure by encouraging you order
youtube.com slash the majority report
every day that is part of the TYT
Network and we're proud to have them and
then if you want to support Sam just to
make the pain for the alt-right a little
bit more clear go to patreon.com/scishow
a report
as well and we support all of our hosts
as they fight back against the right
wing and and fight for progressive
ideology so it's a wonderful day in
America when something just actually
happens and that justice is brought to
you by you they didn't want to lose
their viewers they didn't want to lose
their ratings and they didn't want to
lose their revenue so thank you guys
great work
