I don't know if by the time you watch
this video Al Franken will be a senator
or not I know that when we're filming it
he is a senator but beyond that I don't
know and here's why we started off the
day with the first of two more women
accusing Al Franken of sexual misconduct
groping and related activities or dvd
tales on those right now the first comes
from Tina Dupuy saying is from the
Atlantic DC was decked out and packed in
for the inauguration of a young and
popular new president the town was
buzzing with optimism and one of the
many events on our list was a swanky
Media Matters party with Democratic
notables everywhere then I saw Al
Franken I only bug celebrities for
pictures when it'll make my foster mom
happy she loves Franken so I asked to
get a picture with him we posed for the
shot he immediately put his hand on my
waist grabbing a handful of flesh I
froze then he squeezed at least twice so
that was the first and then a little bit
later on a second additional accuser
came out a former Democratic
congressional aide who had done a radio
show with Al Franken and then had this
experience immediately afterwards saying
it was between me and the door and he
was coming at me to kiss me it was very
quick and I think my brain had to work
really hard to be like wait what is
happening but I knew whatever was
happening was not right and I ducked
I was really startled by it and I just
sort of booked it toward the door and he
said it's my right as an entertainer so
the additional women come out and then
relatively early in the morning other
women start coming out these women are
democratic senators and they begin what
appeared to be a coordinated effort to
put pressure on him to leave office and
so I believe Chris and Gillibrand might
have been the first book , Harrison a
number of other female senators came out
joined eventually by mail centers as
well the number passed 30
initially Chuck Schumer said that he was
sort of waiting to find out more
information than he to came out saying
that it's in while he respects Al
Franken respects his work and his
accomplishments he doesn't believe that
it's possible for him to represent the
people of his state and so it be in his
best interest to step down as well
and then it's we find out from Minnesota
Public Radio if you bring up this tweet
you'll see the two sides of this so in
the first senator Franken is preparing
to resign
cascade of calls this is from a
Democratic official unnamed who'd spoke
at Al Franken and key aides senator
Franken then responded to that saying
that they had not made a final decision
and it's expected that tomorrow
something will come out so complicated
yep
it just Democrats did a petition about
this the minute the first story broke is
graphic 50 it's just Democrats that calm
slash Franken and and I thought that it
was a little premature and and I II
voted no but I lost that vote and it
turns out they were right and and many
more women have come forward and look I
have my own issues with Al Franken
they're only related around policy I I
think that I was very hopeful about Al
Franken because I worked with him
briefly at Air America mhm
I knew him just a tiny bit barely at all
right so but I thought he worked at Air
America he wrote a great book he was a
really good progressive that is against
Bill O'Reilly and others yes that he was
gonna come out guns blazing no he came
out and immediately went into a cave in
my opinion and other than doing this to
women he didn't do much in his first
term in my opinion I know some other
progressives get mad at that but look I
feel like progressives can fight really
really hard they should be you know
foxes should be attacking a progressive
like Al Franken every day because he's
fighting so hard for Medicare for also
hard for $15 minimum wage you go down
the list right and no he chose a
well-worn strategy of no you don't say
anything in your first term you respect
seniority and if you make it through
your first time without any
controversies then you're very likely to
be re-elected but to what end
to what end you know but then you could
like you could do it again I know but to
what end
but then you could like do it a third
time everybody so when you actually
start fighting and there were some you
know flashes of the old Al Franken that
was on our America when you know he did
a pretty good job of
jamming Neil Gorsuch when he was you
know I would miss it others at the end
of the year yeah and I would say
actually that was his cross examinations
of some of these folks when they came up
as Gorsuch did for the Supreme Court
seat was probably the best stuff that he
did with DeVos I mean he was it made for
some amazing viewing yeah and look I
like to think that we're fair and give
credit where credit is due so we gave
him a lot of credit for that we did not
give him we took away credit when you
were just high I did not knife or not
fight for progressives but those are my
policy issues with him and I thought
that just Democrats they were doing the
right thing they were saying hey we've
got to protect women under any and all
circumstances and and and we can't
tolerate this and and it turns out yeah
we've now lost track of how many women
have come out I literally I don't
remember if it's seven or eight or now
it's not nine as of today yeah yeah yeah
and so and by the way I don't believe
that all of the Democratic senators have
come out against him but also the two
independents and his angus King and
Bernie Sanders have also said that he
should resign although notably the
Republicans are playing a little bit
safe perhaps we can get into why that
might be although if it's not already
obvious yeah I think look I have the
same sorts of issues with in with him in
terms of not really accomplishing much
he doesn't really give him Fox News much
reason to attack him on a regular basis
in terms of whether the initial
petitioner the calls from the resign
initially were premature I think people
are entitled to whatever view they have
I think it might have been a little bit
premature I mean the first woman that
accused him said that she accepted his
apology and she specifically said that
she did not want him to resign now you
could say it's not up to her that's
totally fine you can say that you you
find it hard to imagine how he could
represent you I totally get that
and it becomes progressively harder with
every additional woman that comes out
and I've talked with some liberals who
feel like considering the fact that
while well Democrats are taking this
seriously in the past few weeks since we
on the panel actually predicted that
this would start to take Congress with
Conyers and now Franken the Republicans
are apparently just not going to they're
not going to and unilateral disarmament
makes a lot of people really
uncomfortable at a time when things are
so close to split and the stakes are so
high
but I I told my friend who I disagree
with on a lot of issues I consider
myself a progressive because the core
values I have informed my political
behavior and my political preferences
and at some point I have to have
standards not just for people I oppose
but for people I support as well and how
can you tell someone in Minnesota that
they're wrong to think that this guy
probably can't represent them when he
has this long history going back before
he was a senator and after of treating
women in this very consistent way yeah
so that's exactly why I hesitated John
it's not because of the sexual
harassment it's terrible it's because it
Democrats generally do you know
unilaterally disarm so now that's both a
great thing and a bad thing so the great
part of it is you're supposed to do the
right thing so for Conyers to step down
and Franken to step down if he does is
the right thing you know and I was for
an ethics investigation immediately of
course right and I wanted to see what
happened now we're up to nine women so
we've got a good sense of what happened
right so we're done with that of course
he should resign and whether it's keith
ellison or anyone else they wish i have
a real progressive in minnesota and one
that actually fights for us maybe one
Conyers relevance yeah oh yeah yeah
that's what Conyers wants of course in
his seat in Michigan so but but but if
the if they think it's an effective
political strategy and it looks like the
Democrats are pushing out Conyers and
Franken so that they can so that
Republicans can't hit them on that
anymore on cable TV when a week before
the Roy Moore election it will not be an
effective political strategy that's okay
they should do it anyway because it's
the right thing to do okay not
pragmatically but because it's a lines
up with your values that's right you
should do it based on values and I
support that but I think that they think
like oh this will get the Republicans
will take out all the Democrats who have
done the wrong things and then they'll
be forced to know they're not gonna be
forced to do anything they're just gonna
laugh at you and go hi hi you idiots you
admitted it and now we got rid of you
guys and no we're gonna still do that
everything and we're never gonna admit
it Roy Moore is never gonna admit it
Donald Trump is never gonna admit it
they're never gonna leave office and
we're not gonna do any of that and this
is the uneven playing field that we have
which
rise me crazy I agree that will
definitely happen I mean if we found if
we found a child's body in Roy Moore's
house that would buy like two weeks of
him not being funded by the RNC at this
point and I agree there's probably some
Democrats who are making that sort of
pragmatic decision but I think
especially with the coordinated like the
the the first seven or ten Democratic
female senators who came out came out
within minutes of each other so it seems
like they had met up and talked about it
I don't think that they were motivated
purely by political concerns I think
that they see this as the social
movement that we have that is long
overdue finally coming to one of the
places where it's perhaps been most do
and I think that they felt like they can
be a part of attaining that change and
this is how you do that they can't
control room or or Mitch McConnell but
they can put pressure on people that on
their side and if that's what they can
do that's what they'll do Luka and
others as well not just the the female
senators I don't begrudge them that and
and of course I support their decision
like I like I just said and I don't
question why they're doing it but I
would be shocked if Democratic
leadership didn't get together and think
Oh
Kellyanne Conway on TV is saying that oh
you got franken and Conyers and and so
let's just get rid of them and then
that'll help us make our case against
Roy Moore it won't if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
Oh every day
