when you become a TI team member not
only do you get exclusive content you
become a part of our family
click the link in the description box
below to join the home of progressives
an explosive device was found in the
mailbox of George Soros this was luckily
detonated by police and this was all
thanks to an employee who had discovered
the device luckily when the employee had
opened the package and discovered the
device it didn't detonate but according
to reports according to the New York
Times an employee of the residents
opened the package revealing what
appeared to be an explosive device the
employee placed the package in a wooded
area and then called Bedford police this
is in a New York suburb to be specific
also device the device was proactively
detonated by bomb squad technicians from
Westchester County Police Department I
just wanted to share this one piece from
the New York Times story because I
thought it was a little ridiculous the
Bombers motive remained unclear I think
we know what the Bombers motive was I
don't know maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm
making too many assumptions but look I
get it
they're trying to be as responsible as
possible also I just want to be clear
about why something like this would
happen there has been a concerted effort
by right-wingers and right-wing media to
go after Soros and and spread all sorts
of insane conspiracy theories and by the
way US politicians do the same so this
month representative Matt gates he's a
Republican of Florida falsely speculated
that Soros had funded a caravan of
migrants moving north toward Mexico Matt
Gaetz is his total liar he lies all the
time with impunity and no conscious he
goes on television and will say almost
anything to support Donald Trump be a
hideous right winger etc he's one of the
worst guys in Congress if if fascists
took over the country Matt Gaetz would
be that the head of the line leading
that parade enthusiastically and what a
preposterous slide that George Soros
funded the caravan those are people who
are
incredibly poor who running away from
violence in their own countries who are
looking for peace and economic gravity
sores went to their villages and MIT
what was like hey you poor people come
here come here I got a great idea we'll
do a caravan and if he funded them boy
you did a terrible job of funding them
because look at him ok if you've seen
the caravan on TV they look like they're
living a posh lifestyle I don't think
there's any Real Housewives have got
them all in there ok but what the crazy
thing about this is what Matt Gaetz said
was just false full of lies just
constantly spreading this propaganda
negative propaganda towards Soros but
among the things that we've heard about
Soros and the conspiracy theories that
are floating around out there that's
actually a tame one it's a mild one yeah
and so I do want to commend the New York
Times for one thing where they finally
had the gathered up the courage to say
that Soros has been the target of
anti-semitic smears because they are
they are anti-semitic can you just call
it what it is and thank God finally now
when they put a bomb in this house
finally the New York Times acknowledges
the reality of it so they have
caricatures of George Soros being the
puppet master that's the oldest well the
second oldest of them blood libel
anti-semitic smear there is that the
Jews secretly controls things behind the
scenes and okay the cartoons are harken
back to Nazi Germany they're the same
exact cartoons right and in the big nose
and the whole thing the caricature of
all that right but all of the verbiage
the the language that they use is the
same exact thing source controls
everything source funds everything
Soares the evil guy that's behind all
this and and Glenn Beck with his
chalkboard back in the day on Fox News
it all leads to Soros and the tides
foundation and remember somebody went to
go shoot up the tides foundation and
they got in a shootout with cops and so
and they've been agitating and agitating
to try to get for basically a schism
what is anybody ever gonna do anything
about this guy and finally somebody put
a bomb in his house and and and by the
way as always with terrorists and
whoever tried to bomb George
roses clearly a terrorist exactly
I mean look can we call that what it is
I mean the imagine of a Muslim guy put a
bomb in a in any politicians house right
a Republican one well yeah we'd all say
he's a terrorist right so just call
right-wing extremism what it is
terrorism
meant to obviously tear us and maybe
murdered not maybe definitely murder
George Soros it's a bomb right and so a
nestled all stupid terrorists of course
somebody that he's rich of course
somebody else in the house was gonna
open the mail are you gonna blow up
somebody who's yeah I don't know how
much they're making right god and that's
so stupid and immoral and terrible and
look I then they had the audacity to
talk about a left-wing mob like that's
yes okay there's so many things to touch
on with this story because I think that
this one story is basically an
accumulation of a bunch of different
problems we've been having in society an
issue with rhetoric you know problems
when it comes to using politics to
incite violence so why do that why does
the right-wing hate George Soros so much
what is it about George Soros that they
hate okay and I want to talk about this
because it's a good way to juxtapose the
way the left-wing handles something that
they dislike and the way the right wing
handles something that they dislike so
on the right you have mega donors like
the Koch brothers you have the Mercer's
you have Foster Friess you have all
sorts of right-wing mega donors who go
out of their way to really influence
politics not just fun campaigns I mean
you look at turning-point USA and you
look at who their mega donors are not
the grassroots of the country okay major
Republican donors are involved and so on
the Left we raise awareness about that
without demonizing those mega mega
donors because it's important for people
to know what's at play it's important
for people to be able to find you know
where the propaganda is and to be a
little more skeptical about the
information that they're getting
information they're getting from clowns
like Charlie Kirk but on the right
have George Soros who does give money to
Democrats right so just to give you an
example
Soros contributed more than 25 million
dollars to Hillary Clinton and other
Democratic candidates and causes during
the 2016 election cycle that's why the
right wing hates him right but just be
honest about why you hate him don't use
anti-semitic smears don't use conspiracy
theories don't lie about him just tell
the truth you don't like the fact that
there's money in politics that actually
benefits people on the left and guess
what I agree with you we all agree here
we want the money out of politics
there's no question about that
no more mega donors no more super PACs
but instead of actually getting to the
root of the problem the right wing will
fear monger they'll spread the
conspiracy theories they'll spread the
propaganda and they'll incite violence
and that's exactly you know what
happened today with this story that's
the reason why someone decided we
decided it was a good idea to send a
bomb to George Soros his home what
strikes me about this is at the exact
same time that the right wing is shaking
in their boots over you know so-called
caravans of migrants that probably want
to come here to pick lettuce or
something and Syrian refugees and so on
and so forth
who's committing the terror and there's
good Studies on this bike organizations
that look at extremism I believe last
year there was a report issued I know I
got picked up the New York Times that
found the vast majority of terror
attacks in the US are actually far
right-wing in nature yes in fact I have
the exact numbers on this because I just
studied in to get ready for the target
girls in debate so right-wing extremism
went up by 59% last year and in the last
decade 71% of people killed in terrorist
attacks in America were killed by
right-wing extremists now 26% were
killed by Muslim extremists which is far
too high and disproportionate to the
size of the in the population by the way
left-wing and all other extremists
combined were only three percent seventy
one percent were right-wing extremists
who committed terrorism but again as
usual the mainstream media treats it
with kid gloves oh my god will offend
our right wing audience and all ratings
will go down so don't tell the truth
cover it up
so just the Muslims but don't chase the
right-wing even though it clearly
clearly clearly is the right-wing Foster
Friess is a is a really well-known
Republican donor gives to Turning Point
USA and many other Republican candidates
etc I had him on the show on when we
were doing it on Current TV he's a very
likable guy okay he's a lovely guy and
you know and he doesn't have like the
some of the elitist trappings that some
of the other donors donors have but does
that mean we should allow him to bribe
our politicians oh that's preposterous
now he can't give money to to charlie
kirkin whoever he else he likes to do
you know spread his message etc but he
should not be able to contribute to
contribute to and obviously legally
bribe all those politicians George Soros
what they say about him is a hundred
percent wrong so it okay to be fair not
a hundred percent cuz he gives the
Democratic Party but in terms of how
they characterize him so and and then
I'll tell you why I'm actually opposed
to Soros politically and I know that's
gonna throw the right wing for a total
loop okay but he gave eighteen billion
dollars to the open society foundation
18 billion what does the open society
foundation do it promotes democracy and
human rights around the world and a lot
of that was in Soviet Union countries
that are now the former Soviet Union he
helped him to he helped to bring them
out of communism he's from Hungary ok
and and he didn't want them in communism
you know why he sent giant capitalists
he's actually one of the best-known
capitalists in the history of the world
came fabulously wealthy by being a hedge
fund manager he runs a hedge fund one of
the most successful hedge funds in
history I mean to call that guy a
socialist is insane he was even quoted
as saying I don't particularly want to
be a Democrat so he's not even like this
extreme leftist do you know no he in
fact speaks out against what he calls
extreme left which by the way in his
mind might be us so what he gave twenty
five million dollars to Hillary Clinton
and other Democrats they used that money
to not just against Trump but against
Bert
Sanders and against other progressive
Democrats so do I want George Soros as
money out of politics i I've been
consistent on this for as long as we've
been doing the Young Turks well before
he spent money against Bernie Sanders or
anybody else okay of course I want
sources money out I don't want
unlike the right-wing who doesn't care
about fairness or principles at all
they'd be like Oh Koch brothers money
Foster Friess money that's great they
should use it to bribe every politician
there is George Soros evil I can't
believe you give money to politicians
right no I wasn't there evil or not
which I don't think they are they just
we're either working in their
self-interest on the right wing cos from
for tax cuts honestly for source of some
of others against their own selfish
interests because their taxes would go
up if the politicians they want win
either way I don't want everybody in
politics wolf dash pack.com get the
money out twentieth amendment
get all of the money out corporate money
out Union money out source money out etc
and how do you actually fight back yes
people who you think are damaging the
country it's okay to think that hey I
think the Koch brothers are damaging the
country with their politics you think
Soros is okay well for God's sake we
live in a democracy for now kind of
humanely mostly the substitutional
Republican right wing talking point
against democracy and they just anyway
so well James Thompson running right now
in the cokes home town in Kansas port
district he's a justice Democrat so he
takes no corporate PAC money so to
defeat the Koch brothers in their home
district with a guy who doesn't take any
corrupt money that's victory that's
America that's how you do it not by
putting bombs in people's houses thanks
for watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com /join
