today Donald Trump made good on one of
his oft promises during his campaign in
an announcement about the future of our
relationship with Israel here's an
excerpt I have determined that it is
time to officially recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel while previous
presidents have made this a major
campaign promise they failed to deliver
today I am delivering I've judged this
course of action to be in the best
interests of the United States of
America and the pursuit of peace between
Israel and the Palestinians we're almost
a year in his presidency but seeing that
video of him between two flags saying
I've decided we're changing the official
ambassador the place of the embassy
still feels surreal but he's doing it
now there's something that that's been
discussed for a long time at various
points it's been supported by both
Republicans and by Democrats back during
the 90s it was like overwhelmingly voted
in favor of in the Senate but it never
happened as he points out they they
would promise it and then they would
fail to deliver he doesn't mention why
maybe they failed to deliver that could
be a good reason yep so you're right it
anytime you remember who Donald Trump
actually is which is a reality host and
yeah lead over a three-ring circus and
you have them setting official US policy
it's I think that he was he thought he
was firing Tel Aviv so tell me you're
fired we're on to Jerusalem okay so now
it's a very serious issue the reason why
they promise it is because it plays well
with Christian evangelicals in this
country and and and you know and others
as well some Jewish Americans not all in
fact a majority of Jewish Americans in
America are seventy percent Democrats
there one of the strongest Democratic
voting bases in the country so now the
reason they change their mind wants to
get into office is because people sit
them down and talk
by the reality of the Middle East and
they say well we could move it to
Jerusalem but you know that Muslims
Christians and Jews all consider
Jerusalem in a sense in some ways their
spiritual capital and in the case of
physically the people that are there the
Palestinians are in East Jerusalem and
and they view that to be their capital
so if we tell the whole Muslim world
that no Jerusalem isn't yours anymore
we've given it to Israel well people are
going to be enraged and and even top
allies like the king of Jordan today
saying this was a terrible idea
Saudi Arabia saying yeah the same Turkey
air21 put out a statement saying it's a
horrible idea the UK not a fan of it we
don't have the graphic here I almost
almost spoiled something that's not been
announced yet but anyway there's a CNN
had a graphic of how many countries have
an embassy in Tel Aviv and how many have
an embassy in Jerusalem and it was 98 in
Tel Aviv and then the rest were in
Jerusalem which is zero there were none
and there's a reason for that as you say
like I don't think that Donald Trump he
says I judged it's time as if he had
thought at all or understood the
consequences he doesn't her stay in the
history of how parts of Eastern
Jerusalem were initially acquired by
Israel why the UN considers that to be
an illegal settlement the consequences
in terms of the settlements that have
been set up since then he should know a
little bit about that
since Jared Kushner had been funding
some of those illegal settlements but I
doubt he knows about that either it's as
you say it's purely based on his belief
that this will play well amongst the
evangelicals in America who have this
crazy religious belief that we need to
set off an apocalypse in that part of
the world and unfortunately while there
will be no religious apocalypse that
Esther's in the end times there could be
actual violence there and this brings us
a big step closer to that so if you're
right when you think off so what do I
care the Palestinians are upset oh they
hate us because they hate us and a king
abdullah ii of jordu cares about ever
less because you're ignorant king
abdullah ii is a strong ally of the
united states and has kept jordan
relatively stable now would i prefer
their jordan i have a democracy yes but
given them
wild instability of the rest of the
Middle East at least he has got that
country somewhat under control the
reason he's upset is not because he's a
Muslim maybe you know I doubt it though
that he's a Muslim was like aw man
Jerusalem really shouldn't be the
Israeli capital no what he's saying to
you is now you're going to destabilize
my country and when you do that instead
of having a secular leader in charge you
might have more fundamentalist that rise
up and take Jordan which would be a
terrible idea not only for America but
also for Israel definitely there's
there's a proximity issue at stake there
now while I believe and it seems like
you believe he's doing this to fire up
his base and we understand that this
definitely is this is a major policy
change for the u.s. that has
consequences for the UN certainly for
the future of any peace process that
happens between Israel and Palestine
he's actually gonna tread carefully in
this speech which is interesting so
listen to this section second section of
the speech I also want to make one point
very clear this decision is not intended
in any way to reflect a departure from
our strong commitment to facilitate a
lasting peace agreement we want an
agreement that is a great deal for the
Israelis and a great deal for the
Palestinians we are not taking a
position of any final status issues so
they're saying this doesn't really
represent anything but of course it does
one of the principal points of
negotiation that will have to take place
before any sort of solution of the
problem and he's just basically given it
it's not finalized or anything but for
us from our point of view as one of the
strongest arbiters of what happens there
it's finalized as if I mean look we
obviously we give huge support to Israel
last year we signed a 10-year 38 billion
dollar arms deal with Israel which is
more than even the decade before like
but this is just another symbolic move
on top of it which is incredibly
important for every side in that
conflict of course their right wing with
their hypocrisy though what
giving money to go to countries for
actually the number one recipient of US
aid is Israel oh okay that I like that
one
all right so I read the Congressional
Research Service said the Israel's the
largest cumulative recipient of US
foreign assistance since World War two
yeah okay so this is worth know yeah and
and look they at one point they
desperately needed it now they are the
mega power in the Middle East they
export arms yeah what why it's like us
giving money randomly to Germany they're
good great Allied god bless their hearts
UK Canada wonderful allies it'd be like
giving money to oil companies but why
are we giving their money doesn't make
any sense at least if the country needed
it will okay that's fine right but then
at least you're doing something
magnanimous etc but they have illegal
settlements and we're funding them so
now look it's my opinions on and one
more thing about the finality of this
they're not moving their embassy
tomorrow it's gonna be six months from
now because it's a logistical mess to do
that at least it buys a little bit of
time for someone the next president I
don't know to be able to reverse that
policy because it is disastrous now why
and I want to be clear about something I
don't want politicians lying you saying
oh I'm gonna move the embassy and then
they come in and they go back on their
word that's why they shouldn't say
they're gonna move the embassy in the
first place that's the that's the
principle line and and and Trump got
eighty-one percent of the white
evangelical vote this is part of how he
got it which is hey don't worry about I
don't care I'll create a mess in the
Middle East as long as I'll get your
vote and by the way some of those
Christian fundamentalists they actually
do want a war in the Middle East that's
part of arm again that's part of how
Jesus comes back that's their end times
philosophy so to them moving the capital
to Jerusalem is a win-win it fulfills
one part of the prophecy and it is more
likely to create a giant war in the
Middle East that gets almost all of us
killed that's not the bug that's the
feature and and that's not me saying it
they have said it over and over again
part of the prophecy is you rip down one
of the mosques in the in in that area
and then that leads to a war where
almost everyone on the planet dies and
this is that's what these
fundamentalists may
Christians in America are looking
forward to and I hear that the
fundamentals are the problem and they
are but the fundamentals Christians in
setting the world on fire here are a
huge part of the problem it's possible
fundamentalism is the problem exactly
now what do I think about Jerusalem I
don't care I think it's a giant pain in
the ass a holy city what a nonsense and
not only is it nonsense it it's
convinced all these people that believe
in ancient myths oh we have to kill each
other to fight over this piece of
territories it's not even that
attractive to begin with if you fought
over LA or Hawaii I'd get it right oh my
god a piece of dirt in the middle of
godforsaken country that we just some
rabbi came up with a myth 2,500 years
ago that we're still following its
insanity I don't give a damn about
Jerusalem but but I'm not the issue if I
was the one resolving I'd be like okay
you guys get half the other guys get
half we're done with it who gives a damn
right but you are going to start holy
wars with this idiotic idea because they
do care
the Muslims care that you scare the
Christians care and they're willing to
kill people over it and it's not just
the Muslims
it's our evangelical Christians saying
Armageddon where 7 billion people die is
what we pray for these monsters watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network com slash join
