the intercept has a terrific story from
Matt Cole and Jeremy Scahill about a
private intelligence agency that the
Trump administration is considering
setting up outside of the CIA this is
unbelievable every part of this story is
worse than the next part wait till you
see how its funded and who it's funded
by so this is of course antithetical to
democracy but let me explain it in
detail let's go to the intercept story
they explain the Trump administration is
considering a set of proposals developed
by Blackwater founder Eric Prince and a
retired CIA officer with assistance from
Oliver North a key figure in there on
contra scandal to provide CIA director
Mike Pompeo and the White House with a
global private spy network that would
circumvent official US intelligence
agencies according to several current
and former US intelligence officials and
others familiar with the proposal that's
insane that's setting up you did
complain about the Deep Space State
first hold that is the deep state and
it's setting up a private deep state
within the CIA was apparently now the
person who's being proposed as the head
of the CIA Mike Pompeo to lead it it's
going it's circumventing our democracy
so let's find out to what purpose and by
whom because this is potentially not
only disastrous but it alters what our
government is so more details
Pompeyo a former US intelligence
official said can't trust the CIA
bureaucracy so we need to create this
thing that reports just directly to him
now Pompeo is going to be the head of
the CIA and according to this report he
doesn't even trust the CIA at all the
people that work under him and instead
of directing his employees to do what
they are told
and remember Pompey was a massive right
winger he could tell him to do what he
wants and and they have to listen to him
he says no no no I want a private
Intelligence Agency that he could direct
outside of the CIA
and same senior US intelligence official
says it is a direct action arm totally
off the books oh great
it's off the books so that we can't
track it it is not accountable it does
not answer to the American people and
this is an intelligent part of the
intelligence agency that not only
collects intelligence but will take
direct action meaning physical violence
sometimes kidnappings and God knows what
else
Eric Prince previously was involved in
our assassination program that was
launched during the Bush administration
in regards to al-qaeda now they never
actually used that program but they did
hatch it and he was part of it so let's
find out more details about this
particular program some of the
individuals involved with the proposal
secretly met with major Trump donors
asking them to help finance operations
before any official contracts were
signed give any idea how dangerous that
is so they go to a bunch of really rich
people millionaires and billionaires and
they say hey we'd like a private CIA
basically now who do you think that
privacy eye is gonna work for you know
by definition it doesn't work for you it
doesn't work for the American people it
will work for the people signing the
paycheck
so the billionaires will have their own
private CIA and it'll be in meshed with
the CIA that currently exists that's
insanity now if you're a right winger
you think authoritarianism out this if
you set that precedent now this the left
doesn't actually do this but in your
insane conspiracy theories they do and
if you set the president precedent they
theoretically could in the future what
if a liberal were to come into office
and go I don't like the current CIA I'm
gonna get George Soros to finance a
private CIA that only works for the
liberal agenda that's insane it's
equally insane when the right wing
doesn't probably far far more dangerous
so but it only gets worse so let's
continue the proposals would utilize an
army of spies with no official cover in
several countries
quote denied areas for current American
intelligence personnel including North
Korea and Iran oh great
so we're gonna send in a private army of
spies funded by incredibly wealthy
people with their own financial
interests in mind inside Iran to go
screw up our foreign policy in around
not coordinating not only with the CIA
but the State Department so they can go
and screw up peace deals North Korea and
they can agitate and start wars that we
then have to fight by the way which
would also get them more contracts
bigger contracts more money so they have
an incentive to go inside those
countries and create Wars this is
insanity to find if we don't stop these
this is fascism no it's not an
exaggeration it's not anywhere near a
hyperbole this is exactly to the word to
the T how fascism starts okay it keeps
going and he keeps getting worse the
White House is also considered creating
a new global rendition unit meant to
capture terrorist suspects around the
world as well as a propaganda campaign
in the Middle East in Europe to combat
Islamic extremism and Iran now if you
think well okay our kidnapping Al Queda
guys or Isis guys that doesn't sound so
bad now if if the US government is doing
it and the CIA is helping and we go and
capture a terrorist as we did in in a
couple of countries recently I actually
am in favor of that because I would
rather use Special Forces then go do
what I view to be indiscriminate bombing
which hits civilians far too much and
I'm really proud of our Special Forces
for some of the operations they've done
some of not gone well some have been
remarkably clean and captured the target
that we were looking for who might do
harm to us but those are our Special
Forces
if billionaires fund their own Special
Forces and then they go in with a vague
mandate about oh go get the bad guys in
the Middle East and do you even know who
they're working for what their agenda is
who are the private donors are they
left-wing right-wing well in this case
you know their right-wing do they are
they in favor of American foreign policy
or another kind
his foreign-policy and what in the world
would they do inside Iran in order to
quote-unquote get the bad guys including
kidnappings and are they really going to
stop and quote unquote Islamic
extremists or anyone that they are
politically opposed to inside Iran the
Middle East or anywhere else or hey we
don't like that guy either I'm paying
you so go kidnap that guy - it's okay
we've got the blessing of the CIA
director in the president then they have
their private armies and then there goes
our democracy okay so now when the White
House is asked about this they denied
eight weeks of Sunday they say the White
House does not and would not support
such a proposal okay that's the National
Security Council spokesperson the White
House has denied it as well so you might
say oh maybe they got the story wrong
you know maybe this has no truth
whatsoever to it I mean private armies
that sounds ridiculous no of course not
they're not gonna really do that right
well let's dive in a little bit more and
see what's already public what's already
confirmed so they explain at the heart
of the scheme being considered by the
White House or Blackwater founder Eric
Prince and his longtime associate CIA
veteran John McGuire who currently works
for intelligence contractor am the tour
group McGuire also served on Trump's
transition team so deeply connected to
Trump now you remember Eric Prince also
went to seashells and had a private
meeting with Russian officials which he
recently finally admitted to they won't
tell us what errant Prince and the
Russian officials talked about in
regards to trump that's also very
interesting but okay so that's who these
two guys are so what have they done in
the past McGuire and Prince met together
in September with a senior CIA official
at a Virginia restaurant to discuss
privatizing the war in Afghanistan now
that is no longer secret in the
beginning
oh no no privatizing a war that sounds
ridiculous no later Eric Prince came out
wrote an op-ed went all over cable news
and made the argument that we should
have a private army fighting the war in
Afghanistan accountable to the American
people nope nope it's a private army an
army of mercenaries accountable to
whoever sighs their paychecks insanity
and they're now out know open about it
so now when Prince and the White House
said oh no no we
we just like a private army for
Afghanistan a private army of spies as
well what golly gee we would never know
we know you would you've said publicly
that you would and that you lobbied very
hard to make that happen okay wait wait
it gets worse
so amador group and who are these guys
and and who's funding them right now
okay
Princeton McGuire have a long
professional relationship Maguire
recently completed a stint as a
consultant with Prince's company
frontier services group a Hong
kong-based security and logistics
company harshly owned by the Chinese
government are you kidding me so we're
gonna have guys working for the Chinese
government we're gonna run our private
CIA but what for the purpose of the
American people hello
hell no this is unreal absolutely unreal
and so you don't know who will be
funding them here in America we do know
that currently they are partly funded by
the Chinese government
they'd like a private army which they
have admitted to it to fight in
Afghanistan which might lead to a larger
private army which would make Eric
Prince and Maguire far richer and would
make our government less accountable not
even a democracy if we've got private
armies now private spies okay and our
weird to trust these people because
they're really good at their job oh you
don't understand they're they're real
veterans they know what they're doing
they're really smart and experienced
really so let's find out just a tiny bit
more about who these what these guys
believe so they hold meetings with the
Trump Hotel in Washington to make sure
that the deep state has not tapped their
phones or wired the room okay now I
don't know it look if they're doing
things that are illegal I hope that we
do have a legal warrant and are
investigating them so I don't know their
concern there is warranted or not but
other people that they intercept talk to
that knows of them including
intelligence officials said that they
usually the room that they meet in the
Trump Hotel they have
the tinfoil roof that's not a good sign
Oh so why are they nuts what's going on
here okay
wait to get a load of this Maguire told
at least two people that National
Security Adviser
HR McMaster in coordination with the top
official of the National Security Agency
authorized surveillance of Steve Bannon
and Trump family members including
Donald Trump jr. and Eric Trump adding
to these unsubstantiated claims Maguire
told the potential donors he also had
evidence McMaster used a burner phone to
send information gathered through the
surveillance to a facility in Cyprus
owned by George Soros these guys are
lunatics you think that the fascists in
Germany were rational no they were also
lunatics
they believed in crazy crazy stuff a
Christian a theories about who actually
ruled the world and by the way it's
similar conspiracy here Oh George Soros
sequins or rules the world like look if
you think there's warrants out for
Donald Trump Eric Trump and some of the
stuff is being surveilled I don't know
that I don't know that that's I would be
surprised but not shocked if the
Muellers investigation has gone further
they could have warrants and perhaps
they're surveilling some things but
would it be through the National
Security Adviser
no an HR McMaster is deeply right-wing
why would he spy on his own president
okay but even if you were to concede all
of that madness then McMaster the
right-wing National Security Advisor to
trump is secretly reporting things to
George Soros and Cyprus that's cuckoo
for cocoa puffs these lunatics are
trying to take over our government and
they are so deeply irrational that they
believe in insane conspiracy theories if
any of this remember they denied that
they were gonna start the private army
then they lobbied publicly to start the
private army luckily we didn't get that
in Afghanistan cooler heads prevailed
but they're still trying if they ever go
towards a private army or a private CIA
they should all be impeached and
Pompeyo has anything new with this he
should never ever leave the CIA who he
apparently does not trust and is looking
to subvert and undermine as he comes in
by the way which fits Trump's pattern
you bring in someone who hates the epa
to destroy the epa you're bringing in
someone who has said that they would
like to get rid of the Department of
Energy to head the Department of Energy
and the list goes on and on stay with
the Department of Education and in this
case a guy who apparently might want to
destroy the CIA to lead the CIA and if
you think the CIA is on things wrong
you're absolutely right if you think a
private army partly funded by the
Chinese and partly funded by American
billionaires would do better
you're just as nuts as they are TYT
membership gives you commercial free
young turks
downloaded stream at podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /
join
