John Oliver was recently speaking to
Dustin Hoffman in in this celebration I
guess for the anniversary of the film
wag the dog and Dustin Hoffman is an
individual in Hollywood who has been
accused of sexual assault in fact
according to reports recently there was
a woman by the name of anagram anagram
hunter who last month said that when she
was a 17 year old intern working for a
film that Dustin Hoffman was in he had
essentially sexually harassed her and
shields and she also said he made
inappropriate comments okay she said
groped her and made inappropriate
comments right she was 17 year-old
intern as Anna pointed out it was on The
Death of a Salesman TV movie back in
1985 so yeah so uh John Oliver had to
ask Dustin Hoffman about it in fact
Oliver read a portion of anagram hunters
a letter in regard to the harassment
that she faced and just pay close
attention to Dustin Hoffman's reaction
to it I believe what she wrote yes why
because
so look this is a super tough situation
and so it's they're doing this at the
92nd Street Y on behalf of the Tribeca
Institute and these are usually well
let's be honest they're usually fluffy
right but you might you but if you're
interested in movies you they'll be
interesting questions about movies but
it's not a place where normally get
grilled right let's put it that way
right so some people were like audience
were left uncomfortable it was apparent
that one of the organizers was very
uncomfortable because he tried to step
in and mediate and kind of defend Dustin
Hoffman Dustin Hoffman said he was you
know he in bargain for this and nobody
told them that these questions were
gonna be asked over I mean come on first
of all he didn't bargain for this and he
didn't know the questions were gonna be
asked I you're not in the business of
letting journalists know where people in
the media Oliver doesn't even consider
himself a journalist but in an interview
you don't get to decide what the
questions are like I know that we've
already set that tone in this country
we're a listers and public figures and
politicians get to you know curate every
portion of every interview and
appearance that they do but no you don't
get to decide what questions are asked
Oliver actually asked an important
question and I think it would have
honestly reflected poorly on Oliver if
he hadn't brought it up considering the
fact that he does this insanely
progressive show where he talks about
these issues on a regular basis okay so
let me agree
so that look that's part of why what's
wrong with what we could loosely call
access journalism now you might say look
this this is not a forum for journalism
as a forum for celebrating the 20th
anniversary of this movie etc but I
would largely disagree you've got a
person in a position of power here John
Oliver has a format ask him a question
and I think that it's laudatory to ask
him those tough questions so and and
doesn't often complaining I didn't agree
for you to ask me tough questions in
like I don't think he understands how
wrong that is
right like no it's not supposed to be
that you agree ahead of time to have a
journalist as you tough questions that's
their job
but we've forgotten that so it did seem
off-putting like like whoa that's this
is awkward there's like an an act of
journalism being committed here and
whether John Oliver calls him one of us
himself one or not he is now later John
Oliver challenged him and saying look if
how would I you know I don't I don't
know that I could live with myself
even though this is really awkward
uncomfortable basically if if I didn't
ask you these questions and and you're a
powerful man in this industry and
doesn't office like me a powerful guy
come on look I really like Dustin
Hoffman's career but are you a powerful
guy in the industry of course you're so
powerful that that people think it's
like really wrong to ask you a really
important and serious question and then
you kind of intimidate them by saying
how dare you in this context and also
just going back to the video for a
second think about the way that Hoffman
answered Oliver's question well I think
there's a reason for her to lie okay
well what's the reason he doesn't state
what the reason is this is a woman who
was a seventeen-year-old intern for a
film that Hoffman was in right so what
does she stand to gain by coming out
recently about what happened to her and
also he ended it by basically saying
well why did it take 40 years for her to
come out well it's because a lot of
people are afraid and intimidated by
powerful individuals like you that's the
reason why they don't come out but look
at how angry you got and I get it if he
thinks he's wrongly accused you know I
get why he's angry but you got angry and
you seem to say like this is not the
right form to ask this question in other
words I won't be the implicit part there
if you don't get it and there are
negotiations ahead of time for stuff
like this is that I won't be doing this
for you guys anymore you guys blew it
you no longer will have access to me
right that's why you're powerful and
that's why people are afraid to come out
certainly all that time ago you were
even more powerful and certainly she was
she there was not the momentum for these
stories to come out look I think it is
an interesting conversation about
whether this is the appropriate place
to have this conversation on the other
hand if you don't have it here where do
you have it
you know at every turn people will say
it's an inappropriate forum to have the
conversation so I would like Dustin
Hoffman and others and I'm not
prejudging there's a number of women
right but he's fervent in his denial he
says I still don't know who this woman
is I've never met her if I met her I was
in concert with other people so okay I'm
giving you both sides right but I'd like
Dustin Hoffman or whoever else to say oh
okay I don't want to answer it here but
here's where I will answer it from an
even tougher journalist and I'll go from
they never say that part so dick by the
way I'm not I'm not buying it at all
look this is not to say that as soon as
someone gets accused I immediately
immediately believe them III think that
there are indicators that make it pretty
obvious that there's something to hide
and I think the way that Hoffman handled
the other questions also makes that
apparent now when these allegations came
out against Hoffman he apologized for
them right and so he is arguing that the
apology was misconstrued in that his
apology was not an admission of guilt
so I want to go to that video but first
yeah let's go to that video next
actually just listen closely to what he
had to say about that
yeah well this isn't me
so I just thought it was interesting
that Hoffman himself wanted to really
first of all he denies that he did these
things right and then he wants to
emphasize that that's not who he is
today well then you just said that you
didn't do anything you don't even know
these women you know no idea who they
are well then why do you have to say
that you've changed and it's not the
person who you are today does it reflect
who you are today and then you know
finally there was one other portion of
the video that I wanted to quickly bring
up he also just talks about how the
culture is just different now and you
know I'm paraphrasing but not by much he
said something along the lines of you'd
go into work on Monday and you'd asked
everyone or you'd ask people who they
had sex with or whether they had sex on
Friday right so basically he's trying to
justify some of whatever went on by
saying that well the culture is
different now were just a lot more
sensitive now I just think those those
answers were telling well I hear you I
I'm gonna give two tepid defenses of
Hoffman on those two issues though one
the culture was different and it didn't
make the culture right at the time okay
but do
would people talk about sex a lot more
in the workplace yes yes did they know
that it was wrong I think some of them
maybe knew it was wrong at the time but
I bet you a lot of them didn't know it
was wrong it doesn't make it right it
doesn't make it right and it's great
that we have changed it but I but the
culture I think was definitely different
so you take that and do whatever you
want with it if you say it's no excuse
of what Dustin Hoffman did or said okay
I understand that and then I totally
agree with you Anna when he says it's
not reflective of Who I am today it's
basically saying younger I kind of did
those things in fact here let's go to
the last graphic here there was also an
accusation by Hoffman's graduate the
Graduate obviously legendary film
co-star Katharine Ross that he had
groped her on the set of the classic
film so there are a number of
allegations here but my second tepid
defense of him in that regard only and
in that regard is it is possible for
people to change I know that I've
changed so in college I was a Republican
who held pro-war rallies I was an idiot
right and I wrote things that I were
totally wrong and I regret right so it
was it reflective of who I was at that
time well obviously I did it right is it
it reflective of Who I am today
no so I think that's a fair argument I
wish he had stuck with that and you know
if he's honest and says look here's the
things that happen
here's um I feel terrible that I didn't
understand that that was wrong back then
and that's not excusable and here's how
I've changed etc well then you're having
an honest conversation but I mean
finally John Oliver man that guy's
ballsy those are for him to say it
pissed them off for him to challenge him
in public like that you have no idea how
frowned upon that is in the
entertainment world I know so he took
great risk doing that and I guarantee
you he now has a lot of powerful enemies
and a lot of speaking engagements etc
that he won't get maybe since he's
incredibly successful ready and has an
HBO show it allows him the ability to do
that more than someone less powerful but
at least he used that power for good
and certainly tried to in his own way
god I love him so much
want to be you but anyway I do thank him
for asking those questions and the only
criticism I have of Oliver is that he
goes on hiatus way too often it must be
an HBO thing but it's got to stop like
come on it's got to stop
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
sighs join
