Billy Bush has broken his silence
following the leak of the Access
Hollywood tape where our president
talked about grabbing women by the pussy
he hasn't said anything publicly until
now and what essentially caused him to
break his silence was the fact that now
Trump is questioning the authenticity of
that tape and for some reason Billy Bush
felt like this was the time to really
step up to the plate and say something
he said that Trump's comments hit a raw
nerve in me he also wrote in an op-ed
that along with Donald Trump and me
there were seven other guys present on
the bus at the time and every single one
of us assumed we were listening to a
crass stand-up act he was performing
surely we thought none of this was real
then of course it turned out that Trump
means what he says and what he said in
that leaked tape also coincided with a
lot of the allegations that were made
against him during his campaign some of
what Natasha Stone off Rachel crooks
Jessica Leeds and Jill hearth alleged
involved forceful kissing miss Hart said
he pushed her up against a wall with his
hands all over her trying to kiss her
now if you can recall in that leaked
audio Trump had essentially said that
you just go up to women that you want to
kiss and you just kiss him you don't
even ask so here I got you some tips
just in case is that kissing her you
know and and he he had said absurd
things like moved in her like a bitch
and then of course now he's going to
talk about this comment grab him by the
pussy so Bush also write Kristin
Anderson said that mr. Trump reached
under her skirt and touched her vagina
through her underwear while they were
out of New York nightclub in the 1990s
that makes the grab him by the pussy
routine real I believe her so now on the
other hand and we're gonna drop it in a
second but on the other hand so this is
all good for Billy Bush I mean this is
one it's he's backing up reality and
giving your eyewitness account to it etc
and condemning it asset but on the other
hand if you remember man he really
seemed to be on knowledge Trump's side
at the time if you remember this is one
of the other parts of the tape when he
said okay so go
and drop
the question at hand is should Billy
Bush be let out of career jail and we're
asking you guys as well TYT Network comm
/ Billy look at what part of it is look
I think that he was so sick of Fanta
kaboosh and and he says in this he said
the key to success thing is succeeding
in my line of work was establishing a
strong rapport with celebrities I did
that and was rewarded for it my segments
with Donald Trump when I was just a
correspondent we're part of the reason I
got promoted
that is a great admission but is exactly
what's wrong with media now but it in
his kind of weird defense
it says Access Hollywood in the title
axis is in the title so I don't know as
we know there is a very questionable
culture of concealing sexual assault or
sexual harassment at NBC it was very
clear with the fact that Ronan Farrow
wasn't even allowed to publish that
incredible piece that he wrote you know
shining a light on the sexual assault
and harassment that goes on in Hollywood
they didn't want to publish that even
though he had you know so many great
sources and and he esta CLE reported on
that story and then you know again
there's a host of other things so yeah
they like to buddy up with people in
power because they want that access and
if it means enabling sexual harassment
they're in favor of that yeah I think
I'm gonna vote to let him out a career
chair I'm sure he's gonna be thrilled to
find let's get some new blood we need it
okay okay so you're voting no I got you
look it was cringe-worthy his reactions
to Donald Trump but on the other hand he
doesn't have a job and Donald Trump is
President of the United States I'm
pretty sure that what Trump did was far
far worse let's get Trump out TYT
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
