so there's a budget showdown that's
coming up and I think the Democrats have
unfortunate strategy and just Democrats
are the strong progressive wing of the
Democratic Party and and they're
concerned that it's not a great strategy
and so what they're asking you to do is
get involved in sign a petition so the
better strategy we believe is to ask for
more now this is a mistake that
Democrats did all throughout the Obama
era they would ask for less and then
they would settle for even less and the
negotiations would go from bad to worse
so right now Democrats are asking for
the DREAM Act in return for authorizing
the budget because the Republicans do
need Democratic votes to pass the budget
why asked for only one thing so that
sets up a situation that's binary either
we winning at the DREAM Act or the
Republicans win and kill the DREAM Act
now what do you think Trump's gonna do
under those circumstances what do you
think his base is gonna ask him to do
under those circumstances they're gonna
say don't ever give the DREAM Act to the
Democrats so why are you starting with
that position why don't you ask for
things that the American people totally
agree with that are wildly popular and
maybe you can get a couple of them I
would argue you should get all of them
now we're not asking for 87 things we're
asking for three incredibly simple
positions one is yes the DREAM Act by
the way the DREAM Act has enormous
popularity throughout the country
eighty-four percent of Democrats and
even 60% of Republicans support the
DREAM Act did you know that Trump
doesn't and that's where the issue is
and the right wing Republicans of course
don't okay so the second ask is that
neutrality also sixty percent approval
and and the others mainly just largely
don't know about what net neutrality is
it the disapproval net neutrality is
miniscule so a very very popular
provision lastly protecting Social
Security and Medicare that has 90
percent of Democrats and eighty percent
of Republicans agree it's the simplest
thing in the world hey let's put into
the budget that you are not
I'm going to cut Social Security and
Medicare in fact you would need a
two-thirds vote to cut those well 80% of
Republicans agree so what's the problem
ask for more it's not that complicated
so I look one of the ways that we put
pressure on the Democrats to put
pressure to get the right things to
fight for us is to do these petitions we
did this for Medicare for all I made I
would argue a big difference so
everybody go to justice democrats calm
slash americans agree check out what it
says they're reading it as an entirety
and then sign the petition so we can get
going of course representative crowe
Kaunas already on board is always a
fighter for progressive issues and shown
courage and leadership once again on
this the reason it's called americans
agree is because all of these provisions
have at a minimum 60 percent agreement
for the whole country it is not a tough
ask in my opinion and the opinion of the
just democrats and and i would dare say
most of the progressives of the country
this is the minimum we should ask for
and and i don't know why we're asking
for only one thing when they need our
votes
stop letting them take hostages fight
back and fight for incredibly popular
positions which happen to be progressive
believe in yourself and you might
actually win if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
you don't like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me DUI tea network.com slash joy
