now from day one when talking about the
possibility of collusion with Russia and
the Trump campaign I've been telling you
on this show ever since John Trump
became president that that's an
important and relevant story but the
much bigger story is the ties that
Donald Trump has to Russia specifically
financial ties it sound the open Donald
Trump jr. has said on several occasions
that yes they took money from the
Russians they took money from the
Russians for golf courses and other
things we know that the Russians have
invested significantly in Trump
properties we know that Trump has sold
one of his homes at a minimum in South
Florida at a great profit conveniently
to a Russian oligarch it we know that at
the top Russian bank alpha bank is
talking to Donald Trump's server pinging
Donald Trump server in the middle of
Pennsylvania I could go on and on and on
all these things are already out there
he has his money in the same part of
deutsche bank that was called a global
laundromat that also had the Russian
oligarchs and in fact finally today I
think the most important part of this
entire story is that Muller is going
after trumps bank accounts going after
how just simply to find out look if you
didn't do anything wrong
then you're not gonna have any issues
there and Trump swears up and down that
he didn't do anything wrong
and I wouldn't go into people's bank
accounts for no reason but they got a
warrant because they had legitimate
concerns about what he was doing with
his money and his connections to Russia
in that regard so let me give you the
full story here because I think this is
going to be the endgame so special as
Reuters reports special counsel Robert
Muller has asked deutsche bank to share
data on accounts held by US president
donald trump and his family person close
to the matter said on tuesday not yet
not yet but we're almost there
Germany's largest bank received a
subpoena for Muller several weeks ago to
provide information on certain money and
credit transactions nineties and Jeff
not yet but we're really really close
now previously when House
said a snow chip Bank for the same
information they said no we respect the
privacy of our accounts and our
customers and we're not going to go over
to a congressional investigation without
proper authorization in their estimation
I think it's a fair statement to say I
don't think you'd want them giving your
private bank information over either but
if you've got a legal warrant there's no
answer sir buts that's it and so how did
OSHA Bank respond in this case well they
put out a statement saying Deutsche Bank
always cooperates with investigation
authorities in all countries not yet not
yet but we're awfully close if they have
his bank accounts and Deutsche Bank is
saying they have his bank accounts no no
not yet but we're close okay look if
Muller goes in and says oh no I looked
at his bank accounts and it turns out
it's kosher hey then that's the
conclusion and that's that and I was
wrong and all these things that were
circumstantial evidence in public turn
out to be surprisingly not indicative of
anything that he had done wrong and
that'll be and we don't know that for
sure
now the investigators might know as they
look through his accounts but if I am
anywhere near right my guess is they
will find great wrongdoing within those
accounts now look he also likely hid
money and other banks potentially Bank
of Cyprus who ran the Bank of Cyprus
oh yeah Wilbur Ross who's now as
Commerce Secretary what a wonderful
courses I'm surprised he didn't put the
head of Deutsche Bank it has a German
bank but he could try in an important
government position in America so let me
give you more context now from Talking
Points Memo Deutsche Bank conducted its
own internal analysis that found no
evidence that its dealings with Trump
were connected to the so-called Russian
mirror trades affair and alleged money
laundering scheme to funnel Russian
money out of the country now I'm giving
you that as partly as balance dosha Bank
says that there are he's not connected
with Russians according to their own
internal investigation on the other hand
this was before the subpoenas do you
think the Deutsche Bank was like oh we
did
internal investigation allowing
money-laundering at this bank for a long
long time yeah we let the Russians do it
we'd like Trump do it and let him do it
together let's just say I'm not
surprised what that their internal
investigation found out they had done
nothing wrong now let's get a real
investigation and find out what actually
happened now here's more from the
Guardian now they explain that instead
said Ryan Goodman a New York law
professor and former Pentagon counsel it
showed this part of the investigation
showed that Muller was possibly
examining whether the president could be
compromised by Russian interests were
close folks that's then game if he's got
financial he was compromised financially
by the Russians all the sudden he's like
oh I'm having trouble remembering things
oh man all those tweets that's all man
you know it turns out I had Alzheimer's
Roger stone when he planted that seed
turns out he was right Oh golly gee I
gotta get out of here
now we got a deal right no handcuffs
right one more The Guardian says the
president was in the past
loaned about 300 million dollars by
Deutsche Bank his indebtedness Goodman
said means that Muller will want the
examine if there are any connections
between Russia and the president's
financial vulnerabilities ladies and
gentlemen eighties and gentlemen ladies
and gentlemen ladies and gentlemen not
yet oh we are so close you know that all
that drama about this stock market took
a 350 point drop the other day because
of any ABC news report cuz they thought
that Mike Flynn might have turned on
Trump about the campaign it's man that
is tiny compared to this so stock market
brace for impact but what more thing I
told you right from day one what are
they gonna do I said almost the only
thing that Donald Trump is going to
quote unquote accomplish because every
donor in the country wants it is
gigantic record-breaking tax cuts and
then he's gone here we are here comes
the tax cuts here comes trouble getting
run out
office gee I wonder how it's gonna wind
up perhaps just like I said pass the
giant tax cuts and then we're done with
this bozo we're done with this clown if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
