john conyers longest-serving member of
the house is stepping down today he was
on a radio program and he said I'm
retiring today it is a sad ending to
what was a great career he's 88 years
old he was both the Democratic Party
Legend and a civil rights legend but
unfortunately we found out that he had
been doing things with female staffers
that were wildly inappropriate to say
the least
multiple staffers have come out remember
they're all Democrats and and they just
like the overwhelming majority of
accusers of both Democrats Republicans
celebrities and anyone else they there's
no reason for them to lie it doesn't
mean that every person is guilty but it
does mean that believing the woman makes
sense that that in the past that has not
always been the assumption and that was
that was wrong and so hey and Conyers
does not have very good explanations
here he says about the accusers quote I
can't explain where they came from
well I can they came from your office so
Mary Ann Brown had a settlement as late
as 2015 with him but she broke her
silence and said that it's important for
her to speak out to protect other women
and the story she told was a harrowing
one now backed up by other people that
have worked with John Conyers now during
the program Conyers said he told Gattis
his legacy can't be compromised or
diminished in any way by the allegations
well if only it were so but that it's
not true of course his legacy is
tarnished by this and that part is a
shame because unlike the monsters on the
right or in Hollywood John Conyers had
actually done great things for the
country
and as recently as right now when he was
fighting for Medicare for all it was his
bill that got so much traction and I
pushed the Democratic Party in the right
direction so Roger Ailes I think did a
lot of damage to the country I wasn't
sorry to see the charges against them
and nor was I surprised and and the list
goes on and on
ROI more etc but for Conyers I was
surprised and and it is a mixed record
so what he did with these woman is if
true is terrible and it certainly seems
true so let me be clear there was
another one who came out on Monday night
former staffer ELISA Grubbs said Conyers
Grove her and that such behavior was
quote a regular part of life while
working in the office of Representative
Conyers and it doesn't matter the other
good that you've done not that it erases
it it doesn't both are real but it
doesn't matter that you've done those
great things if you've also done these
terrible things and so you've got to go
any and the Democratic leadership did
turn and say that he should resign
including largely from what we saw
reports can be Congressional Black
Caucus and so in fact he did resign so
final note on this is that Conyers then
and or someone in the race his son John
Conyers a third to succeed him in
Congress now I don't know anything about
John Conyers a third so I will
you know withhold thoughts on his
policies or positions or or whether he
should be in Congress but as a general
note I must note that I am very tired of
our democracy being treated like it's
not a democracy and it's something to be
handed off as if it's people are royalty
so it's true Democrats and Republicans
so George W Bush was an imbecile but he
was the son of George HW Bush who was
already a president in earlier than that
had been a senator in the head of the
CIA so he was anointed just cuz he was a
son he was plainly clearly not
intelligent not qualified and they we
elected him anywhere although his last
name is Bush and then the Clintons or
her last name is Clinton now people are
talking about Chelsea Clinton can we
move on I think there's a lot of great
people in the country they don't have to
have the same last name as the person
who was just there so not say anything
about John Conyers a third but I am
tired of people thinking that this is
you know a system of lords
and princes and kings and queens and
that we pass the mantle in that way no
it's supposed to be a democracy where we
all have a chance and of course
throughout most of his career that's
actually what John Conyers fought for
and I hope that that is also remembered
in this sad day when he resigns and
should have resigned what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
