just when you thought Roy Moore's
campaign couldn't get any worse they
have found an equally loathsome campaign
spokesperson it's Jane Porter she's
gonna go on with poppy Harlow on CNN
poppy is eight months pregnant that is
going to be relevant to this clip
because of the insane intro that Porter
has to the interview and then brings up
the issue one more time so let's watch
Janet Porter Janet it is nice to have
you on thank you for joining us and let
me get right to it so thank you it's
great to be with you the frame by the
way congratulations on your your unborn
child that's that's the reason why I
came down as a volunteer to speak for
Judge Mary Moore because he'll stand for
the rights of babies like yours in the
womb where his opponent will support
killing them up until the moment of
birth Janet thank you for being with us
and I appreciate the congratulations on
our son on the way now let's get right
to this there's a question that should
be asked if you care about child abuse
you should be talking about the fact
that judge that judge Roy Moore stands
for protection not only of our second
Amendment rights so we can protect
ourselves against predators for the
rights of babies like your eight-month
baby that you're carrying now Doug Jones
says you can take the life of that baby
and we should pay for it leave my child
out earn it
who wants to leave my child out of this
well it's really the children of Alabama
that we're talking about in the
Alabamians understand we really do have
a culture war but Jane Porter and I will
never agree on these issues I I guess
that she views us as you know terrible
people because we don't think a zygote
is the same as a fully grown human being
and we actually care about fully grown
human beings when they're out of the
womb we want to make sure that sexual
predators like Roy Moore don't molest
our fourteen-year-old kids she thinks
that's not at all important but once
they're out of the womb molest them
sexually assault them do whatever you
want but they oh they only matter when
they're inside we're never gonna agree
we don't agree I think you're monstrous
and I think you're it's not I think you
are a lawyer it's not there's a
disagreement and then there's a facts
she said that Doug Jones would be in
favor of she says support killing kids
until they're out of the womb that's
just not true role versus
which dojo supports is about the three
trimesters and you are not allowed to
have an abortion of the third trimester
and the idea there is if the baby is
viable outside of the womb but it is an
independent human being liberals and
progressives don't disagree with that we
think it is of it once you have
viability said independent human being
and has rights until that it is not but
she lies about it and says oh until it
comes out dojos who support quote
killing them and then she makes it
personal by talking about her particular
child and says that even though it's an
eight month old baby in the womb that
dojos would support kicking it out but
that's not true it's in the third
trimester
they have no morality but then they get
all on their high horse like like that
they're the moral ones they're the party
of Family Values they're the ones who
cares about morality no you're sick and
grotesque you don't you've proven it you
work for a child predator you work for a
guy who tried to get a fourteen-year-old
to touch his genitals stripped her
nearly naked you work for a guy who a 16
year old says ripped her clothes off and
tried to rape her you want to talk about
values you're a sick human being Jane
Porter start and there's such weirdos
what you started an interview with
talking about her unborn child don't
bring her into it I'm talking about how
people are gonna kill them we're never
gonna agree and guess what two-thirds of
the country agrees with us and they
don't agree with you Jane Porter
so yes you've got some Alabama
Republicans down there who I think are
equally monstrous and think mad child
predator it's no big deal we were lying
the whole time about Family Values all
that stuff we were saying about
Christianity was just a cover for hating
the wrong kind of people right they're
Muslims we hate them the Latino were
hating their blacks we hate them so if
you always just call it Christianity and
then and even abortion where they
pretend to care about life because they
don't care about it the minute that the
baby's born oh yeah you want to help
with your kids insurance so they don't
die well the Republicans just took that
away you got a kid who's sick who cares
they're not pro-life yeah can we help
them if you're
greed give them school lunches no who
cares you're now pro-life
how about death penalty who cares tell
em tell them how about Wars kill him
tell him tell him you're not pro-life
you're liars
the only time you're pretending care is
when that so-called life is inside a
woman why you got a controller hey you
don't do what you want with your body
that would be called freedom you do what
male Republicans tell you to do with
your body well we don't agree but for
God's sake if you're pro-choice and
you're progressive
get out there and vote you know this
race fine but I'm talking about all the
races go out they vote on this one
maniacal issue non-stop and they get out
there and vote and vote and vote you
know why Donald Trump won eighty-one
percent of white evangelical support him
which is an unbelievably high number but
much more importantly they had 85
percent voter turnout because they're
obsessed with psy coats the realities
again they don't care about the life all
they care about is controlling women and
they brainwash people like Jane Porter
she goes out there oh oh yeah well
please control my body please control my
body okay oh they're gonna kill your
kids etc cheap or do you have kids I
don't know I don't want to even get into
it I don't want to be there
they're absolutely gross so you charge
us with immorality based on what our
view on a compass sells we actually care
about people who are alive I charge you
with immorality you monster go go and
try to get your child predator your
sexual molester of children into the
Senate congratulations Jane Porter
you're goddamn monster we'll never agree
the only answer is to defeat them over
and over electorally
never ever let these monsters into power
into government where they can abuse
women what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it you get a completely ad free if you
could become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
