so Jane port is the spokesperson for Roy
Moore she's on CNN with poppy Harlow in
the beginning she already made a weird
and monstrous attack against the unborn
child of the CNN anchor what a bizarre
crazy person okay so then how about all
the woman who accused Roy Moore of being
a child molester wait till you see her
excuse for that here it is 30 story who
knew very more between 1977 they did
1982 clear hosts poppy we need to make
it clear that there's a group of non
accusers that have not accused the judge
of any sexual misconduct or anything
illegal there's a group of non accusers
Oh wonderful congratulations Roy Moore
did not molest every child in Alabama
wow that is the worst offense I have
ever heard
now to be fair to Charles Manson he did
not kill everyone in California right we
can keep going on XQ really that to be
fair to Anthony Weiner he did not text
every underage girl on Twitter hey there
are also non accusers who didn't same
thing to say to be fair to Harvey why
said he didn't rape every woman in
Hollywood to be fair to both Cosby he
didn't rape every woman he ever saw
because there's a group of non accusers
of Bill Cosby there's a group of non
accusers of Harvey Weinstein who says
that with a straight face who was so
monstrously stupid that they would say
that on national TV oh I got an idea
it's Jane Porter the spokesperson for
Roy Moore who's also that stupid and
that vile that's who these people are if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now t whitey
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks o every day
