the Supreme Court has ruled that trumps
travel ban can be enforced while lower
courts decide its fate now this is a
travel ban that affects mostly Muslim
countries including Chad Iran Libya
Somalia Syria and Yemen it is not the
final ruling by the Supreme Court this
is a case that is being challenged in
lower federal courts and then eventually
the Supreme Court will rule on the
legality of the travel ban but there
were only two Supreme Court justices who
dissented with this decision Ruth Bader
Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor are the two
justices who did not agree with the
ruling now again this is not the final
ruling when it comes to the legality of
the travel ban it just indicates that
the travel ban can be enforced while the
lower courts decide its legality so let
me tell you a little bit more about this
first of all the - there was two liberal
justices who also voted with a
conservative Stephen Breyer and Alana
Kagan so why did they do so
well the one number one and they have a
number of exceptions in this new version
of the law there's like the 18th version
yes that's hyperbole first people with a
claim of a bona fide relationship to
someone inside the United States cannot
be kept out of the country so
grandparents cousins other relatives
could not be excluded number two
refugees are unaffected by this you
still have to go through a process with
a refugee is their life in danger is the
reason why they've come here we do if it
turns out for example that they're gay
and they execute people who are gay in
their country right or they're Christian
and they execute Christians in their
country does we got to find out we got
to go through a process you can't just
send them back right away or not allow
them into the country so it excludes
refugees for that point it also includes
a travelers from North Korea and some
government officials from Venezuela and
part of the new reasoning that they put
in in their eighteenth attempt I think
it was in the reality about their third
attempt was that they realized oh right
now we should do two things one we
should pretend it's not a Muslim ban so
we could hang a little
think of things that are not Muslim like
the North Koreans the Venezuelans
secondly we'll have to come up with an
official reason yeah yeah that's it now
we know why he's actually doing a
trumpet said it over and over again he
said during the campaign we need a total
and complete shutdown of Muslims right
but now their official reason is no no
these governments are not cooperating
with the United States in the way that
we want them to which would be a real
reason a legitimate reason to not allow
people from that country and well if
you're not cooperating with our law
enforcement well then I don't know if
your papers are trustworthy etc right
but if they it started with that and it
was a hodgepodge list of countries not
cooperating with us that would be
perfectly fine but we know what they
started with we know what their intent
is and that's why a lot of the lower
courts have said who are you kidding I
mean you just sent out tweets against
Muslims just the other day this is
clearly a Muslim ban if it was a
legitimate travel ban we would rule in
the other directions so for the moment
being the Supreme Court is giving the
administration in an in essence the
benefit of the doubt because they will
rule on it later but for now they're
saying yes the federal government can
enforce this while we look through the
case and decide the case later because
there's enough grounds to make you
believe that maybe it's not really a
Muslim ban but it's a travel ban based
on legitimate reasons right and I just
want to like briefly know that one of
the reasons why lower courts struck down
portions of trumps travel ban was
because of trumps comments during the
campaign and and things that he's
tweeted so his tweets have gotten him in
trouble in regard to trying to enforce
this type of ban but also look the this
is what people forget and it drives me
absolutely crazy the the Muslim ban
which he did call Muslim ban previously
was supposed to take place in a six
month period so he can figure what the
hell is going on so he has been
president for over a year now and I'm
curious what kind of investigating he's
doing to figure out what the hell is
going on because doesn't seem like
there's really any type of timeframe or
timeline when it comes to this it's just
him you know of pandering to his base
throwing some red
to them doing exactly what they love
which is you know talking about stronger
borders making sure people don't come in
and by the way like North Korea what do
we have like this weird influx of North
Koreans trying to come into the United
States
oh there being a murder well there would
be if we let them you know or North
Korea let them and if that was the case
and they're actually running like the
remember the guy who got shot five times
trying to come in we would let them in
well under Trump would we that's a good
question and those people are living in
basically one giant concentration camp I
hope that god we would let a North
Korean defector in but with Trump you
never know right so in this case of
they're referring to officials and Trump
has been in office close to a year of
course and and but Anna that's a point
that I hadn't heard before it's a great
point that close there to figure out
what the hell is going on if you haven't
figured it out by now how long do you
need before you literally find out quote
what the hell is going on
well that would actually take a little
bit of work and investigating and it's a
lot easier to sign executive orders that
don't require any critical thinking and
tweet in the early hours of the day and
watch cable news those are the real
duties of President Trump and his
incompetence is what led to the several
different versions of this and in the
last version they borrowed some of the
language that the supreme court had used
in a in an earlier case so that it would
be harder for the supreme court to turn
them down
finally someone inside the White was
White House was thinking they found a
real lawyer like wait wait I got an idea
there's this thing in law called
precedent and especially if it's this
Supreme Court that said it maybe we
should use put it into this ban and whoa
that guy's a lawyer
hey so part of the reason for this
ruling coming out today and if you're
wondering why the courts care about his
tweets because they're saying part of
their job is to interpret the real
intent of the ban and if your intent is
because you're worried that they're not
cooperating with us fine acceptable
legal but if your intent is that you
want to do religious discrimination
which is unconstitutional according to
the United States Constitution then it
is not permissible
so when Donald Trump keeps going out
attacking Muslims and earlier had said
this is a Muslim and is a Muslim ban
well that's relevant to his intent and
that's why the court would look at it I
hope when the supreme court looks at it
they take that into full consideration
as well if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network com sighs join
