Donald Trump's political advisors and
members of his administration have not
been forthcoming when it comes to their
conflicts of interests and certain ties
that they have with Russian diplomats or
communications that they've had with
Russian figures and recently there was
the discovery of Jared Kushner failing
to disclose the fact that he led a
foundation that was funding illegal
Israeli settlements now this is relevant
considering the fact that he is the
individual in Trump's administration who
has been given a pretty hefty job of
providing peace in the Middle East but
this new information indicates that
there's a giant conflict of interest
that he should have disclosed but failed
to do so so let's go to that and give
you some more details
according to a report Jared Kushner
failed to disclose his role as a
co-director of the Charles and Sheryl
Kushner foundation from 2006 to 2015 on
financial records he filed with the
Office of government ethics earlier this
year now keep in mind that during the
transition he attempted to sway a United
Nations Security Council vote against an
anti settlement resolution passed just
before Donald Trump took office which
condemned the structure of West Bank
settlements so he wanted to delay that
vote and you can understand why when you
look into the money that this
organization that he was part of and
what they donated that money to so the
foundation donated at least $38,000
between 2011 and 2013 to a fundraising
group building a Jewish Seminary in a
West Bank settlement okay so keep that
in mind also during that period
Kushner's Foundation also donated an
additional twenty thousand dollars to
Jewish and educational institutions in
settlements throughout the region so
these are settlements that were built on
in illegal in an illegal fashion
according to the UN and he didn't
disclose this information and then he
proceeded to you know urge a delay in
that United Nation
Security Council vote in regard to
illegal settlements so again massive
conflict of interest he was not
forthcoming and this is super relevant
when you consider the fact that it now
in my opinion answers the question as to
whether or not he accidentally forgets
to disclose things or if he's purposely
trying to conceal things so I think the
settlements are deeply immoral I think
that they're it's not a not a matter of
I think it's a fact that the United
Nations has said that they are illegal
under international law they've been
around for decades the far right wing
government of Israel basically it said
no we're gonna keep the occupation and
not given any end date whatsoever in
other words we will permanently occupy
these people and I can go further in the
adjectives related to that but for here
is Jared Kushner saying oh it's
wonderful yeah I'm giving donations to
these illegal settlements and and look I
don't begrudge the seminary's or the
schools or etc I wish you would give
them to schools and seminaries inside
Israel instead of in the settlements I I
wish that Israel would have a moderate
government that would end the occupation
they had one yeah it's like Rabine which
was going to do a peace deal who's on
the the precipice of it the two-state
solution that almost the entire world
agrees upon and then a right-wing
terrorist assassinated him and then got
his wish he ruined the peace talks and
Netanyahu who had been urging people
against Rabine at the time then wound up
winning the elections later and now as
the head of the right-wing government
says no there there is no two-state
solution there Israel hasn't moved an
inch they continue to occupy Palestine
illegally and immorally and and so now
we have Jared Kushner
and an incredibly important position why
because he's the son-in-law of Donald
Trump is no expertise he's apparently
got a conflict of interest and this the
guy who's supposed to broker a peace
deal between Israel and the
Citians when he's funneling money to
illegal settlements look Cinque what you
fail to realize is that these illegal
settlements actually lead to more peace
in the Middle East oh yeah yeah
Palestinians love it look this is crazy
and it's it's just another example of
why these conflicts of interests are
something Americans should be concerned
about because it indicates that if you
know they're not you know passing policy
or pushing for things that are going to
benefit humans they're doing things
based on their business interests or
their political agenda or political
motivations in this case Jared Kushner
was supposed to create some sort of
peaceful solution between the
Palestinians and Israelis and that's
unlikely to happen when he was the co
director of an organization that was
funding some of these illegal
settlements are illegal businesses in
the West Bank
so what unites is the right wing of
Israel and the US and unfortunately many
of the other countries it's that they
believe that conflict is the answer and
so they said well we can't disarm
because the other side is are their
monsters and they're irredeemable and
they will destroy us the minute we have
a peace deal but let's look at history
for a second and Menachem Begin was
nobody's liberal but at the end of the
day he did do a peace deal which he
should get enormous credit for and has
throughout history and and so is Anwar
Sadat who was later on the Egyptian side
assassinated for doing that peace deal
the the peacemakers get assassinated
they get a bullet for their trouble okay
but what did that result the guy who
never gets any credit for that is the
one who orchestrated it
that's Jimmy Carter he's the only
president who has ever brought peace to
the Middle East but what happened during
that deal between the Egyptians and
Israelis what the right-wing always
tells us all that's a fool's errand
never do peace no keep going
endless conflict so according to their
logic it shouldn't have worked and Egypt
and Israel should be at each other's
throats for the last 40 years 50 years
well that's not true it did work
it turns out peace does bring you peace
and war brings you more war Egypt and
Israel have not fought for all that time
the piece still held each it was the
largest enemy of Israel now we have
forgotten it because they've been allies
for so long because of Carter's peace
deal that you think like no really yes
Egypt was the number one enemy of Israel
but we did a peace deal and it worked
but instead Netanyahu Kushner and all
the right-wing say no never give peace a
chance because war creates profits I
mean if somehow magically will lead to
peace at an undetermined later time they
don't want the peace they were going to
continue the settlements ad nauseam
because they think war and conflict
leads to people being scared and voting
for right-wing politicians that's their
real agenda if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
