now let's go to some polling because I
find this so incredibly fascinating
so CBS and YouGov did a poll where they
spoke to Republican voters in Alabama
we're talking about eligible voters
voting age individuals in the state and
what they think about this whole
situation and what they realize or what
they found was that 71% of Alabama
Republicans say that the allegations
against Roy Moore of are false okay so
they're suppose that for saying so if
one of the claims they have made against
people who are against Roy Moore are
you're assuming allegations are true and
that's not fair to Roy Moore because
this hasn't been adjudicated they might
be true they might be false but it never
got adjudicated in a court and it's just
charges from a long time ago but wait a
minute
71% of you are assuming it's false which
is a significantly stranger thing to
assume so if you say hey you can't know
for sure that's a fair statement right I
would say there's a lot of evidence
publicly that they are true but no it's
never been proven in a court of law
but to assume that they are false when
you have all this crap incredible
evidence from all of these women
including sign yearbooks from the
sixteen-year-old including other
witnesses at the time for the 14 year
old a 16 year old etc including Roy
Moore's own admission that he liked to
date pretty young girls as young as 16
according to his own admit admissions
yes right for you to us that's his own
admission for you to assume that those
are false betrays the fact that you
don't care about what's true you just
want to wish away the real facts in the
situation right look it is the rejection
of anything any information any data any
evidence whatever it is that goes
against what they already believe and so
I think right now we're having this
issue where people in general and I'm
not blaming this squarely on Republicans
but people in general don't want to be
convinced otherwise of anything and and
if you give them evidence if you give
them information they just flat-out
reject it or pretend like it's just
made up false fabrications whatever it
is so according to the same CBS YouGov
poll 92% of Republicans who don't
believe the allegations against more say
the democrats are behind the charges and
88% say that newspapers and media are
behind them so they're rationalizing
things right I still want to support Roy
Moore these allegations are problematic
so let me just go ahead and tell myself
that they're fabrications it's an agenda
by the Liberals and the media anything
to discredit the allegations that are
brought against him if it was if these
allegations were against a Democratic
candidate who was against Jones you
think that they would treat it in a
similar fashion hell no now Moore does
have a lead according to this poll over
Doug Jones 49 to 43 percent which is
insane and I wanted to look at other
polling to see what the results were
Washington Post did a similar poll a
couple days prior and they found that
Doug Jones is ahead of Roy Moore by
about three percentage points fifty to
forty seven percent but that's within
the margin of error so that's important
to keep in mind this is pretty
devastating yeah I'm not surprised I
mean I bet a while back that Roy Moore
would win anyway partly because it'll
excite his own fan base to show up to
fight against the false charges right
cuz they get themselves to believe
anything the part that I disagree with
you a little bit is in the in the
present moment so you're right overall
anti to say it's not believing what you
want to believe it's not a is not
necessarily a Republican trait we've
seen the studies where they show both
conservatives and liberals sometimes
we'll ignore facts that are inconvenient
to their ideology on the other hand the
part I disagree about is in today's
context the Republicans do it far more
often because the facts are not on their
side
so it's inconvenient so for example 97%
of the world's scientists say that
climate change is real and caused by and
is man-made and so liberals don't have
to
and the defects are on their side
because their facts are on their side
conservatives have to pretend that that
is a Chinese hoax or the 97% of the
world's scientists all over Norway
Botswana America Australia they've all
got together where I don't know okay and
decided let's all lie all in unison all
at once let's do this giants thing cuz
it'll be funny I DIF know why so since
the Conservatives are so wrong on so
many issues in today's political context
in America at this point in history they
lie and get themselves to believe in
things that are not true
far more often so in this case of Roy
Moore really 88% of people think that
that of the ones that think that these
allegations are false you think the
media just made it up like they just got
together in a room and they said should
we say she was 14 or should we say she
was 13 or 15 or 7 or 70 well should we
make a bob what do you think we should
make up oh 14 let's go with 14 the
sixteen-year-old who was who he
attempted to rape in the parking lot
shall we say he ripped her shirt or
pants let's make it up let's make it up
if you believe that you're wrong and
incredibly unintelligent so that's just
a fact and so that's a sad day for you
if you want to cry about it and be a
snowflake go ahead cry in your ignorant
little corner so you can say that the
media is biased that's a fair assessment
and and if you say they're even biased
against conservatives I hear your
brother that's not the argument do they
just make stuff up like and if you make
stuff up why did they suspend Brian Ross
for making a mistake why didn't they
just like say Bravo Brian Ross way to
make up that stuff on Flynn just like we
agreed and they and it's interesting
because you know when it comes to the
same sources that they write off as fake
news or you know politically motivated
if those sources report something that
reinforces their preconceived notions
they will latch on to that for dear life
case in point another story that broke
over the weekend regarding how Robert
Muller's team fired an individual who
was a parent
anti-trump and they were worried that
that would somehow negatively influence
the outcome of the investigation right
or unfairly influence the outcome of the
investigation the same mainstream news
organizations that reported that story
the same ones that are written off as
fake news by Donald Trump and his you
know supporters all of a sudden those
same people are like oh cool could you
believe this can you believe this
totally credible totally credible
because it again reinforces our
preconceived notions well so the ABC
News elf fake news Brian Ross said Mike
Flynn was asked by Trump during the
campaign to talk to the Russians ABC
News corrects it they go see ABC News is
right to correct it like like the
correct version is the second version
what happened I thought you didn't
believe ABC News why would you believe
the correction I mean it's crazy and
look it's it's also very scary
regardless of where you fall on the
ideological spectrum because if you have
government D legitimize media to the
point where people don't believe
journalists they don't believe these
reports then we have no hope we have no
hope if people don't believe good
reporting and I get I we criticize media
all the time for you know a lack of
investigative reporting certain biases
biases and all that stuff but to
convince people that the news is just
fully fabricated we're stepping into a
dangerous territory and I'm concerned
about that and I don't think people
realize how much damage this is gonna
lead to
and that is why Republicans in today's
America are way more guilty of this in
practice than the Democrats are it's
because they the facts are inconvenient
to them so they need to replace the
facts with their propaganda so the Fox
News of the world the Donald Trump's of
the world say hey don't worry about the
facts they're not facts they're fake
news instead believe my propaganda what
I'm telling you right now and and
unfortunately in case like the Roy Moore
in Alabama 71 percent of Alabama
problems go well that's right
okay I don't care what all I don't care
that Mitch McConnell I don't care that
all the Republican leaders said that the
women are credible I don't care all the
details they gave them about the case I
don't care that at the time that many
years ago they had reported what Roy
Moore had done to their friends and
their family members I don't care about
anything because I don't care about the
facts we do not agree to a debate on
facts you want facts
I want mythology and propaganda so how
are you going to even talk to these
people they won't believe if you told
them two plus two equals four they'd say
that's like your opinion man I'm gonna
vote for five well they have that
alternative fact finally I want to leave
you on one more outcome of that CBS
YouGov poll that I thought was you know
illuminating they found that a majority
of Alabama Republican voters 53% do say
that these allegations are a concern but
that other things matter more one-third
of Republicans say that the allegations
are not a concern to them at all and so
they care way more about the
conservative agenda and passing laws and
legislation that fit the conservative
agenda to them that's more important
than allegations involving sexual
misconduct against teenage victims so
look if Democrats were the same as
Republican Democratic voters they would
have said an Anthony Weiner was a strong
progressive fighter they were said I
don't care that Anthony Weiner's texting
or tweeting at girls or underage girls
or whatever who cares other things are
more important I'm supporting Anthony
Weiner no matter what but they didn't
say that they universally shower them
with scorn and drove them out of town
because they actually have principles
they actually have morality whereas the
Republican voters in Alabama are
declaring that they don't care about
morality
so 53% saying that I care about my
ideology more than I care about morality
the one-third say I don't care about
morality at all this big allegations are
that he sexually losted a
fourteen-year-old one-third say the
allegations are not a concern to them
yeah so and the other allegation among
many is that he tried to rape a 16 year
old he ripped her clothes off tried to
force her head down into his crotch and
and then threw her out of the car when
she screamed okay but one-third of
Alabama Republicans say I told Kathy
tries to rape 16 year olds I don't care
that's an amazing fact now that I care
more about my tax cuts not that I care
more about other things than child rape
which is a curious thing to say but to
say I don't even care that he molested
and tried to rape young girls okay at
least we know where you stand so don't
give me this crap about the Family
Values or that Republicans care about
morality in the case of Alabama voters
it is now clear based on a polling that
they are not moral human beings they
have declared one third of them have
clearly declared they have no interest
in morality and another 53% have said I
care more about my political wins than I
care about morality crystal-clear you
just watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
