so recently the Republicans passed tax
cuts they didn't actually in the middle
of the night almost at 2:00 in the
morning on Friday actually that would be
on Saturday because that's how late it
ran and they barely passed it 51 to 49
they got every Republican except bob
Corker to vote for it why because they
serve their donors and that's there was
a number-one thing on the donors wish
list and they said it over and over
again in the media they said we're gonna
cut off the funding to the Republicans
if they don't get us what we want which
is this multi trillion dollar tax cut
80% of the tax cut goes to the top one
percent and top 1% are the donors who
control people like Chuck Grassley
Chuck Grassley is their servant and
always has been so he's a senator from
Iowa doesn't represent Iowa as I'll show
you in a second he represents his donors
so when the Des Moines Register was
talking to him about one particular part
of the tax cut plan which is cutting
estate taxes well he got quite animated
about that now if you don't know the
estate tax is for incredibly rich people
who leave leave behind their estate now
you and I might not leave in a state but
they do and bless their hearts nothing
wrong with leaving in a state but also
nothing wrong with taxing that as it
goes to the next generation and right
now you can exempt five and a half
million dollars per spouse so if you're
leaving money to your kids you can leave
up to 11 million dollars and it won't be
taxed at all
now even though the kids never got taxed
on it right but they'll get if you made
11 million dollars because you work your
ass off it'll get taxed if Paris Hilton
gets 11 million dollars gifted to her
from our parents it will not be taxed I
think that's fundamentally unfair but
chuck grassley is not happy with that he
says that's not enough the Senate
version says that you're gonna move the
cap up to 22 million dollars you can
leave 22 million dollars your kids who
didn't work a day in their lives to get
that money you work your ass off to get
the money they're gonna tax you Paris
Hilton doesn't get taxed for 22 million
dollars Chuck Grassley thinks that's not
even even enough he had call through the
bill before to completely get rid of
their state tax so if Paris Hilton's
gonna she can get billions of dollars
and never pay any taxes on it not Conrad
Hylton who built empire we're talking
about Paris Hilton who was an air and
didn't do anything to get that money but
you work you get taxed she doesn't work
she doesn't get taxed
that's what chuck grassley thinks is
fair but it wasn't good enough he had to
rub it in a little bit more so he said
this I think not having the estate tax
recognize that people are investing as
opposed to those that are just spending
every darn penny they have whether it's
on booze or women or movies oh that's
what Chuck Grassley thinks of you so if
you're not a multi-millionaire he thinks
yeah you're a schmuck you're a bum you
spent all your money on booze that's why
you didn't get rich if you got rich well
then you didn't spend it on booze
because I know the rich never drink
alcohol and they never go to the movies
because all they do is work really
really hard by the way for some of the
rich that's absolutely true a lot of
them did work really hard and some of
them just inherited it even the Koch
brothers joked about it and they said we
did everything right we you know worked
hard pulled ourselves up by the
bootstraps and then got rich the good
old-fashioned way our dad died and left
us four hundred million dollars that's a
joke that the Koch brothers have told
and Trump got two hundred million
dollars inheritance so I don't know
everyone who is rich is working super
hard but more importantly anyone who
didn't get up to twenty two million
dollars in their estate it's just a bum
who drinks our money away that's what he
thinks of you guys now of course he gets
in trouble for that because it turns out
that his state of Iowa does not have
very many multimillionaires that are
gonna benefit from the estate tax
ninety-nine point nine nine eight
percent of Iowans are apparently
alcoholics who like to date and go to
the movies and he just insulted all of
them right well then he says no no my
point regarding this state tax after he
gets in trouble by the way he says this
my point regarding the estate tax which
is
taken out of context is that the
government shouldn't see the fruits of
someone's lifetime of labor after they
die the question is one of basic
fairness and working to create a tax
code that doesn't penalize her galatea
savings and investment basic fairness
first of all he makes it sound like
we're the tax is a hundred percent it's
not it's 40 percent he makes it sound
like Paris Hilton worked so hard the
fruits of our labor all grandpa Bob
you're done working because I'm party
I've been partying for decades now Oh
where's grandpa paws money good chuck
grassley did you do as I told you and as
my parents told you give me all the
money for free I don't want to pay any
taxes oh yes sir
yes ma'am yes man that's Chuck Grassley
for you so she she didn't spend any
fruits of her labor look the Conrad
Hilton to the world he built the Hilton
Empire with the Hilton Hotels he paid
taxes once he paid taxes once he built
up a huge empire with a lot of money and
he spent it bless his heart he saved a
lot he spent a lot is this his right to
do that we all aspire to the American
dream we all want to be rich we don't
want to make that kind of money okay god
bless then he died he is not double tax
he's dead there's no second taxation on
Conrad he would like to give his money
to his kids and eventually his grandkids
etcetera all the way down the Paris
Hilton Paris Hilton never worked a day
in her life you were talking about basic
fairness you guys work your ass off and
you get tax tax tax Paris Hilton no tax
and chuck Grassley says that's not fair
poor Paris Hilton poor poor donors of
mine basic fairness what a joke
so as I explained to you here I'll read
it from HuffPost the Senate tax reform
measure which would double the exemption
for estates to 11 million for an
individual and 22 million for a couple
heirs will inherit the estate's tax-free
up to that number but again if Grassley
headed his way there would be no limit
you can give billions of dollars to
paris hilton and she would never pay a
dime of taxes okay
now let's look at the Des Moines
Register because they did great work on
this beef
thought hey chuck grassley he's the
senator from Iowa maybe there's just all
these billionaires in Iowa we didn't
know it and it turns out man he's really
representing his voters maybe I was 51%
billionaire could be let's find out no
by the way it can't be anyway
the number of Iowans paying the estate
tax actually numbers in the dozens each
year out of roughly 1.4 million who file
federal tax returns each year IRS data
from the last five years shows the
number of Iowa taxpayers owing estate
taxes raised from 32 in 2012 to 61 in
2015 and that the vast majority of those
probably were not farmers or small
business owners because they said that
all the time it's also these are the
farmers at Iowa which farmers got 22
million dollars sitting around which
small farmer has 22 million dollars in
their estate they say that not because
they're representing the farmers or the
small business owners they say that as a
cover they're using you as a shield to
do their donors bidding 32 people here
let's break down the math the Des Moines
Register noted that the number of Iowa's
own estate taxes was just 32 is in one
of the years as we explain of the 1.4
million taxpayers in 2012 or 0.02
percent of the total you think these
guys represent the voters Oh as you all
know and in fact 93% of you say this in
a poll they represent their donors chuck
Grassley doesn't give a damn about the
voters in Iowa he doesn't care about
small businesses and farms in Iowa he
cares about those 32 to 61 folks who
finance most of his campaign private
financing of election leads to
politicians who work for private
interests here's the capper now this is
representative David Young and he also
wants to get rid of the estate tax he
said quote it is a myth that repealing
the estate tax is a massive giveaway to
the wealthiest Americans but wait a
minute it only applies
to the wealthiest of Americans are there
any middle-class people who are making
22 million dollars or leaving 22 million
dollars to their heirs are there any
poor people 22 million now by definition
there aren't but they are so used to
lying that when it comes to this issue
they're like how let's just pretend that
there's state tax which affects Multi
multi millionaires is not just about
poor rich people no no no no they are
brazen if you don't get the money out of
politics they will always represent
their donors this is the swamp and by
the way of course Donald Trump loves
this also wants to get rid of the estate
tax also loves the swamp also wants to
help his own self-interest that's the
Republicans that's the Donald Trump and
yes some Democrats unfortunately
Democrats like Dianne Feinstein also
voted to get rid of the estate tax
you're gonna be shocked to find out her
family has billions of dollars and they
don't want to pay taxes either so
pretending to be a Democrat but when it
comes to voting time by sign votes for
the Bush tax cuts and then says well we
should get rid of the estate tax I I
hear that's really hurting the middle
class yeah yeah yeah those are the old
days so when TV was your ally and you
can lie and you could hide and we'd
never find you well to all those folks
and in this case Chuck Grassley in
particular we found you you don't
represent the voters you represent a
couple of dozen guys who put money into
your pocket and into your campaigns
that's how who you are you're a servant
of the rich and it's kind of sad and
pathetic you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
