representative Chris Stewart's from Utah
and he wants to tell the American people
no no these tax cuts that are going to
the rich into corporations they're
really for you know as I've told you
numerous times it turns out that eighty
percent of the tax cuts are going to the
top one percent so how is it for me it
sounds like it's mainly for the top one
percent well
Stephanie ruhle is gonna ask him about
that on MSNBC he is not going to have a
good answer this is gonna be fun let's
watch
in terms of simplifying the tax code
what simplification what loophole is
being closed specifically for corporate
America I agree with you
our tax rate is too high and it's too
complicated let's lower it and close the
loopholes what loopholes for
corporations are going to be closed oh
my gosh there will be dozens I'm talking
please tell me one there's with interest
deductions with expensing accounts
there's all sorts of deductions I just
did
they didn't primarily were focused on
those loopholes for individuals and
simplifying for individual all four
individuals so let's clarify a couple of
things there so he lists a couple of
loopholes being closed not for
corporations new for you so they can
take away a lot of the things that you
used to deduct from your taxes state and
local taxes a number of other exemptions
so that is why a third of the middle
class will instantly pay more in taxes
not less by the year 2027 in other words
ten years from now
everyone making under seventy five
thousand dollars is gonna pay more not
less so he is raising taxes on you guys
he is taking away whatever you used I
think legitimately so but she asked
about corporations and by the way I
don't agree with Stephanie ruhle I don't
think the corporate taxes are too high
it's just not true and and their
effective tax rate is actually down to
22 percent
it is not among the highest in the world
in that sense so I think there's a lot
of mischaracterization there but she is
doing a great job of asking hey even if
that were true and I'm I don't know
whether she actually believes that or
not but I in other interviews she seemed
to keep that she does believe that okay
that the corporate tax rate is too high
but we can lower it if we take away the
loopholes so it's revenue neutral but we
know it's not revenue neutral this
entire tax plan costs at least one and a
half trillion dollars and and they put
that onto the debt so where are the
loopholes that you're closing so she's
gonna ask one more time let's find it
wouldn't we close a loophole for
corporates the argument was you have to
lower the tax rate and get rid of all
these loopholes that they go and you
broaden the base so that everybody pays
little polls aren't being closed for
corporates because if you don't close
any loopholes you're gonna lower the
base and keep the loopholes so we'll end
up paying even less please give me an
example of one that's our point is for
corporations to pay less that's the
point
that's how you get at Cahokia so we're
not trying to achieve higher taxes on
corporate clothes or on corporate taxes
you're not trying to have them pay less
no he did answer the question you got
him
that was a scene out a few good men
you're goddamn right I ordered the Code
Red in case you missed what he said
let's repeat it for you go to video
three here that's our point is for
corporations to pay less that's the
point indeed that is exactly the point
those corporate interests because of our
private financing system of Elections
pay in campaign contributions in
lobbying and in independent expenditures
they fuck they pay basically politicians
they funnel that money to them and
oftentimes after the politicians stop
being in Congress they will then become
lobbyists saying get literal pay from
these same corporations and what are the
corporations paying all those
politicians for why do they spend
billions of dollars lobbying you think
it's for their health no they're looking
for a return on investment and that
investment on sleazy politician is a
pretty good investment and here is
representative Chris Stewart say yo yeah
yeah I mean the whole point is to lower
taxes for corporations not for you guys
Oh if you lower taxes for corporations
he forgot to add the last part not only
we create one and a half trillion dollar
deficit problems down the road but we
also have another four and a half
trillion dollars that we have to move on
to other people so that's the 1i if you
make less than $75,000 ten years from
now you're all gonna get your taxes
increase why cuz the whole point was to
lower corporate taxes why you don't
donate to these guys the corporation's
donate in the tune of billions of
dollars they bought them all so
sometimes our conservative brothers and
sisters will come out and say government
is corrupt I actually completely agree
with them I think it is systemically
corrupt I think that we've created the
wrong incentives we allow private
financing they work for private
interests wolf dash pack.com to get the
money out okay we'll put a link down
below do whatever you can to fix the
system if you're conservative
libertarian liberal it doesn't matter
but to the Conservatives let me ask you
something not the politicians they're
all corrupt they're all bought and they
work for their donors but to the
conservative voters who do you think
corrupted that yes they're corrupt who
corrupted them did you corrupt them if
you give any politician $27 they don't
care about your $27 right there I think
there's one guy who cares and that's why
he collected a lot of $27 but no
politician even the best meeting one
even Bernie Sanders is not like hey Bob
from Nebraska gave me $27 I'm gonna call
Bob and ask him what he wants and I'm
gonna deliver for that no they do that
for people who give them tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands millions
of dollars they work for them and
everybody knows it so if you want to
know who corrupted them
it is these corporations that are
allowed to give now unlimited money
through dark money independent
expenditures etc and that just flat-out
bought all of Congress they bought our
democracy they bought our government so
if you if you're mad at the politicians
as you can tell I'm right there with
your brother but you should also be mad
at the guys who bought them in the first
place corrupted them in the first place
and the answer
is to get the money out of politics it's
to make sure that we don't do private
financing otherwise they will always
work for their private donors this
system is insane unfortunately we have
made America arguably one of the most
corrupt countries in the world why
because we made bribery legal at least
in other countries you have to come in
surreptitiously with a bagful of money
and you might get arrested and go to
prison for it here we just legalized the
bribery so Chris Stewart can come out
and go this is take away loopholes from
corporations no the board is to give
your money to corporations we're gonna
lower their taxes and it's gonna fall on
you well thank you very much for at
least admitting it young turks what you
just watched was one of the videos that
we do today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you can watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
