over the weekend we found out that Brian
Ross who is I would argue a legendary
investigative reporter for ABC News I
got one part of a story wrong and now
that is important I'll tell you what the
consequences were and and what I think
is a proper outcome here okay and what
it tells us about our media overall so
first let's go to ABC News for their
explanation during a live special report
they explained ABC News reported that a
confidant a Lieutenant General Michael
Flynn said Flynn was prepared to testify
that then candidate Donald Trump
instructed him to contact Russian
officials during the campaign now they
have withdrawn that story and issued a
correction to it because it's very
important whether Trump told Flynn to
reach out to the Russians during the
campaign or after the campaign now after
the campaign also presents some issues
because he's not yet president and he
might be undermining the the actions of
President Obama at the time before Trump
takes office and we've talked about
those issues on a previous show during
the campaign would show collusion and so
people thought oh my god Flynn is
turning evidence which he is by the way
on this specific issue of collusion and
he might yet still do that we don't know
for sure because it turns out this story
wasn't correct right so then people
react to this story and this is where a
lot of people are flipping out because
look oh my god the beloved cherished
stock market moved based on this news
you can't move the stock market if you
move the stock market then you've done
something horrible horrible horrible now
look if you moved it by yourself
on something unrelated to anything else
and caused the catastrophe and people
actually lost money that might be an
interesting story this is part of a
larger story where the market is likely
to move anyway but let me show you what
did happen what happened on Friday when
ABC News reported that at one point as
CNN Money reports the Dow plunged 340
points after ABC News reported the Flint
is prepared to testify the President
Trump as a candidate directed him to
make contact with Russia's ABC later
clarified the report saying that Trump
did not tell Flint to read
to Russia during the campaign now almost
everyone leaves it right there and and
I've now seen on social media about a
thousand times oh my god it goes with
your point drop but everybody's not
bankrupt in the country alright well
let's actually take a look at what
happened on that day because there is
that stranger fifty point drop that part
is true now let me show you the whole
chart okay so when you look at it
there's a ABC report on Flynn now by the
way a lot of other things happen at that
time but let's just concede for now that
it was strictly ABC news to report that
caused that drop and it drops all the
way down 350 points I'm conceding all
that okay and then you know what it does
afterwards it comes right back up okay
so what happened by the end well as CNN
Money also reports in the end the Dow
closed only 41 points lower oh my god
Brian Ross to cause the fluctuation in
the market that is incredibly normal
that goes up and down 41 points all the
time all the time based on a thousand
different factors so when you're here
that's 350 points it makes it seem like
know that we're never gonna get it back
it's already gone all that money's gone
it's not got it came back the same day
so to say that people have overreacted
to that is a huge huge understatement
yes they are wildly overreacting okay
now how did ABC News react to that now I
hear from the right-wing media and from
Donald Trump everybody's fake news
everyone but the right-wing which lies
all the time but anyway is that fake
news see we showed it we proved it Brian
Ross figures so that's why ABC News
refused to retract it they said we know
it's fake but we're gonna keep it up
there oh no they didn't they did the
exact opposite isn't that interesting
here this is their statement we deeply
regret and apologize for the serious
error we made yesterday they're
reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during
the special report had not been fully
vetted through our editorial standards
process as a result of our continued
reporting over the next several hours
ultimately we determine the information
was wrong and we corrected the mistake
on-air and online so wait a minute I
thought the fake news just made stuff up
and
and just kept on making it up it seems
like here when they have made a mistake
they have issued a correction and said
they were wrong if there are fake news
why would they do that
so right now there's a poll out that
shows the 71 percent of Alabama
Republicans believe that the charges
against Roy Moore are just made-up they
never met those women doesn't know those
women it didn't do anything with those
who I mean just totally made-up somebody
just decided to write a piece of fiction
about Roy Moore when asked who do you
think did it
88 percent of those same people said oh
the medium made it up out of thin cloth
well if they're making things up out of
thin cloth why would they do a
retraction why would they ever correct
this story they would just keep on
making it up why would they have an
editorial vetting process why is it a
big problem that Brian Ross apparently
is somehow when outside of that
editorial process if you're writing
fiction why bother oh it's because they
don't write fiction and they care deeply
about getting it right and when they
don't get it right they fix it
immediately another part of the ABC News
statement was it is vital that we get
the story right and retain the trust we
have built with our audience these are
our core principles that's right and is
it Donald Trump's core principles that's
laughable as the newer time showed in
the first six months of his
administration he had 800 comments that
were provably false gee I wonder who's
coming out with a fake news if you
remember it was a Trump campaign in the
first place I put the fake news out
during the campaign and on purpose so
then you've got all the bright parts and
the Gateway pundits in the daily cars
that non-stop fabricate stories and
never issue Corrections so we know who
has journalistic integrity and
understands what that means and who
doesn't now speaking of journalistic
integrity what did they do to Brian Ross
now they have suspended him for four
weeks without pay
I think that's extraordinarily harsh he
says that's okay he holds himself to a
higher standard and he understands I
don't really agree I think that yes of
course you correct a story right away
facts first facts above all
else and and do I think that the
mainstream press from time to time tilts
stories was there bias that they don't
realize they even have an establishment
bias that I have pointed out yes I think
they do but do they actively make things
up that's preposterous you have to be
attached from reality to think that so
how about Brian Ross specifically look
he's running this issue a couple of
times in his career you know what you
want to know why because he's among the
very very few reporters on television
who are actually trying you would be
hard-pressed to name any other
investigative reporters on television
there are some but you'd be hard-pressed
you know what you hear from Brian Ross
all the time because he works hard and
he has broken story after story after
story you know me how often do I
compliment the mainstream news not very
often but Brian Ross is one of those
guys you want to see his awards paces
roles through these graphics
thirty-eight through 44 okay I'm not
gonna read you all these because it is
an endless list keep on going these are
all the awards he's gotten you know why
he's gotten those awards because he
tries he's one of the very very few
people and this is why I respect ABC
News more than other organization they
actually try to do investigative
reporting and do often do it and often
and sometimes there's a wonderful job
with it so in this storied career of
decades of achievements and actual
investigative reporting Brian Ross has
made a couple of mistakes now we're
gonna talk about how Brian Ross is fake
news that is preposterous and how ABC
News has reacted to this which I
actually think is a bit of an
overreaction but Phil shows you that
there in fact in fact it proves that
they are not fake news that they deeply
care about what is right and what is
wrong what is correct and what is
incorrect
and this all from the right-wing
criticism now remember what Ross is
reporting about in the first misuk or
the story that is absolutely true and
that everyone is covered of course is
that Mike Flynn has said that he is
guilty he's admitted that he's guilty
for the FBI for what for lying I don't
see the right way in an outrage over
Mike oh my god is liar all it turns out
Donald Trump's national security adviser
and a critical managers campaign was
doing fake news the whole time he was
lying to the FBI I am so outraged where
are you right wing I don't hear that
outrage all I hear is a fake outrage
against Brian Ross and ABC News I think
Brian Ross is well the best in the
business and and and I think that boy
look we don't have as much money these
days yet in the digital world is the TV
guys do but he would be at the very top
of my list for people to hire and I'd be
proud to work with him and and everybody
makes mistakes I think that this was one
but in the context of his career it is a
tiny speck of a story and unfortunately
the one problem that the mainstream news
does have is they take the right wing
too seriously when they attack them for
being liberal media or for being fake
news there is an overreaction to those
guys and there's too much of calling
everything even and everything equal
these things are not equal 800 lies to
one mistake is not equal so stop being
so defensive and actually go and do
shoot the power hard-core journalism
which is what Brian Ross built his
career on you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
