the murder trial involving an
undocumented immigrant who was charged
with shooting and killing Kate Steinle
has been acquitted a man who was charged
has been acquitted which was to be quite
honest with you a rather shocking
verdict now this became a national story
after it was a referenced by Donald
Trump who was then a candidate and it
led to the comments that he made about
Mexican individuals who had come into
the United States referring to them as
criminals and rapists now let me give
you the rundown of the case and how this
verdict came to be
now after deliberations that began on
November 21st
Garcia's errata Zarate that was the
undocumented immigrant a Mexican citizen
was found not guilty of murder now I
want to stop for a second because
remember when it comes to a murder trial
there is an incredibly high burden of
proof okay and it is guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt so you have to
understand the burden of proof before
you kind of dig into why it is that
verdicts turn out the way that they do
let me just pause there for a second now
of course in in all criminal cases you
need beyond a reasonable doubt but
juries take murder
obviously rightfully so a little bit
more seriously as well on top of that
look if we're gonna give this guy life
in prison we got to be absolutely sure
in that in a civil trial you just need a
preponderance of the evidence so the the
way that they explain them to the jurors
in some cases is if you're 51% sure he
did it then in a civil trial you vote
rule for that guy instead of that person
right in a criminal case you have to be
99% sure and as you're gonna see here
sometimes is a little hard to be 99%
sure and and these are of course rough
explanations of how
beyond-a-reasonable-doubt works and in
the case of Zarate his lawyer Matt
Gonzalez he said of the people
criticizing this verdict you have this
quote and I'll save it also because I
think that his quote was interesting and
kinda puts things in perspective but
we'll get to that in just a second I
want to get to his charges first so as I
mentioned he was uh charged with murder
but he also had lesser charges including
involuntary manslaughter and assault
with a deadly weapon he was convicted of
being a felon in possession of a firearm
which carries a sentence up to three
years what happened how did this case
come about Dinah Lee was shot in the
back as she and her father strolled
along pier 14 in San Francisco on July
1st 2015
Hosea Nez Garcia Zarate who was charged
with killing Stein Lee had been released
from jail even though federal
immigration authorities had sought to
detain him now this brought up the issue
of so-called sanctuary cities and you
know no one knew or had heard of
sanctuary cities until this case became
a national headline and you know people
think sanctuary cities just mean that
the city or the state protects
undocumented immigrants but it actually
has to do with the fight over resources
because federal authorities or ice
officials will ask local authorities to
detain an individual indefinitely and
that costs money and sometimes it'll
take years for the federal officials to
get to that case and so in in sanctuary
cities they're saying no we're not gonna
go ahead and hold someone indefinitely
that drains our resources we have
overcrowded prisons you guys get the
point we're overcrowded jails now on
April 15 2015 two and a half months
before Stein Lee's death Garcia's errata
was released from the San Francisco
County Jail where he was being held on a
marijuana charge despite a request from
federal authorities that he'd be held
for a sixth deportation and that's
another thing to keep in mind he had
been deported five times previously and
he managed to find a way back into the
United States use different names yeah
he used different names and so you know
if you want to have a debate or
discussion about border security I think
that that's a fair discussion to have in
regard to this case Garcia Zarate signed
a confession during a police
interrogation and defense lawyers took
issue with its validity and the
circumstances under which it was
obtained so this is where the story
takes a turn or twist because the
confession was apparently obtained in a
way that calls into question the
interrogation methods and whether or not
it was a credible confession so the
defense lawyers elicited an admission
police that they lie to Garcia Zarate in
order to get a truthful response telling
him that they had recovered the weapon
when they had not and that there was DNA
a DNA match that implicated him which
there wasn't at the time so the
interrogators are telling him these
things to try to get a confession they
essentially lied to him to get the
confession and yeah boy I got a lot of
mixed feelings about this case and some
of my opinions here will be progressive
and some will be conservative so first
on the interrogation don't care that
they like to there a lot of lie to him
and that's prosecution 101 so now on the
other hand there are a lot of a shocking
number of false confessions which when I
read the stats on it I was kind of blown
away by so that gives me a little bit
more pause than I used to be fair that I
worked at a couple of prosecutors office
so I bet my perspective to some degree
it's just as an intern when I was in law
school but and I thought about being a
prosecutor but yes you'd by law I want
you to be clear on this you are
definitely allowed to lie to people when
you're interrogating them to get what
you what we hope is a truthful
confession right so sometimes it doesn't
turn out that way you remember the
Central Park five confessed and it
turned out they hadn't done it at all
and it's because they were kept under
severe conditions and and unduly
pressured in this case that's just lying
to him I'd to me is not an extreme
condition at all sanctuary cities look
if Republicans say don't let the like
guys like this go if the federal
government wants him and the federal
government in this case had said hey San
Francisco don't let them go we want to
come get them then you have to provide
funding to keep them in prison all that
time right and we're in some sort of
detention so right now over say oh no no
they you shouldn't let him go okay are
you gonna fund it no I don't care I'm
deal with it that doesn't make any sense
that's an unfunded mandate so that is
the beginning of the conversation so if
they had funded it should they keep guys
like that in prison and some
progressives will disagree with me but I
think yes okay now they the on the other
handed right wing makes this guys seem
like he'd already murdered 17 people and
Sarah
Cisco's the sanctuary city so like that
let's cuddle him and give him a hug on
his way out no the other offenses were
all nonviolent marijuana marijuana and
things along those lines all nonviolent
now it doesn't mean they should have let
him go but on the other hand you've got
to provide funding as we discussed and
it makes it seem like Obama and the
Democrats were like let him go and then
kind of they deported him and then have
him come back in oh it's a rot day hey
good to see you again welcome home
no he he used different names etc now
you want to say that's an argument for
the wall I hear your brother okay I have
other arguments against the wall but so
and then finally when you get to
reasonable doubt we haven't gone into
those details yet but I probably would
have convicted him that's easy to say
sitting here and not being on the jury
but I understand why they thought there
was reasonable doubt as as Anna's gonna
describe the details in a second right
so well first of all in the confession
video Zarate himself changes his story
several times and so I think that calls
it to question what's going on there's
also the issue of the weapon itself and
whether or not he intended to shoot her
or if it got shot accidentally so let me
give you the argument from the defense
and then Steph actually has some really
interesting information in regard to the
weapon that they found so the defense
said that Garcia Zarate found the gun
wrapped in a cloth on the pier and that
it discharged accidentally as he held it
with the bullet ricocheting off the
concrete before striking Stanley now
remember murder means that it's
premeditated it means that that
individual intended to shoot and kill
someone and so it is up to the
prosecutors to prove that and so in this
case the the weapon found is actually
very relevant and Steph jump in because
you had some interesting information
about that well the only thing I just
wanted to chime in for a moment here and
mention this the jury had a fundamental
question to answer and that was whether
this was intentional and that's why you
and you have murder or involuntary
manslaughter or second-degree murder
that's okay so the issue is the the gun
here it's the Sig Sauer p229 it's a
semi-automatic pistol all right so a
forensics expert
I testified during this trial that it
has no safety switch and the weapon has
a trigger that requires a little just
little force to actually pull so that
just speaks to to the weapon itself the
other issue is that the bullet
ricocheted and traveled 80 feet before
it hit Steinle and that's the medical
examiner said that the wounds that
Steinle had sustained as a result of
this shooting are consistent with the
bullet ricocheting it was proving that
he didn't intend yeah so let's continue
to break it down so the defense says he
saw this gun that was wrapped in a cloth
I think it picked it up it went off
accidentally and then he threw it in the
water afterwards because he was scared
by the noise that part I don't believe
it all I think he threw it in the water
because he's like oh my god somebody
just got shot and he threw the gun away
so they couldn't have it as evidence
okay so that's my outside interpretation
so in terms of murder that's a clear cut
not guilty I mean like the because
service and the press make it seem like
he wanted it he this is a guy who had
killed mayor like it was massively
violent guy who lies to come back in the
country and kill people and he went and
shot Steinle in the back no he for
however he did it whether he intended to
pull the trigger or was by accident
people the trigger got pulled it
ricocheted often and hit her so that is
not intentional murder no way on the
other hand I would have convicted him on
involuntary manslaughter I don't care
how it ricocheted off don't pick up the
gun I don't know why you have the gun
and I don't really care don't pick it up
and then it won't go off that this is
what we talked about with guns all the
time yes they do kill people just like
they killed Steinle in this case so
whether he intended to shoot it but in a
different direction one of the excuses
he used was he was trying to shoot at
the seals that are in the pier there are
a lot of steals at the pier but shooting
at them is not a good thing either and
when you shoot it a seal and it
ricochets and hits a person and kills
him that's involuntary manslaughter so I
would have convicted on that yeah
agree with you I look we didn't sit on
the jury so we don't know all the
evidence that was presented so I want to
make sure I preface what I'm about to
say with that however based on what we
do know I do find it surprising that
they did not find him guilty of involved
in voluntary manslaughter but you know
again we didn't hear all the evidence
what one last thing the jury asked and
the schools partly just what Steph was
saying the jury asked can we see it a
gun like that and have a demonstration
to see if it does accidentally go off
and the judge said no you're not allowed
to okay
so then then they must have had
reasonable doubt because they're like we
can't tell if it goes off easily or not
my point if I was in that jury would
have been who cares don't pick up the
gun and if you do it could go off the
other thing is that they couldn't tie
him so that gun was stolen so they
couldn't definitively say not even the
prosecution could argue that he stole
that weapon and then left and then shot
Steinle so yeah and then one final thing
I wanted to quickly bring up was Trump's
reaction to this because remember this
became a very political part of the
campaign and he immediately sounded off
on Twitter which is unsurprising and
said the following the Kate Steinle
killer came back and back over the
weekly protected Obama border always
committing crimes and being violent and
yet this info was not used in court his
exoneration is a complete travesty of
justice build the wall okay I just want
to quickly mention how weak Obama was on
on border security he spent a
considerable amount of funding on border
security in fact during his first part
of his administration he hired 40,000
individuals to protect the border so
Obama actually did a ton of deportations
he was not weak on border security but
it is a Republican talking point that
you hear time and time again so again
Trump says in the tweet that this guy
was committed many violent acts that's
not true
it doesn't matter I wouldn't have you
know if we could have stopped him
everybody if the border agent knew that
it was the right day and had no knew
that he was board deported five times
you think he they wouldn't have deported
him they would have let him in the
country no they wouldn't have done that
there was no and in fact Obama broke the
record on deportations when he was
president the DePorter in chief the
DePorter in chief
so this nonsense about the Obama border
is ridiculous
do some people manage to sneak in anyway
and commit crimes yes that happens and
by the way it will also happen under
Trump that doesn't mean it's Trump's
border and he's not doing anything you
just watch the video by the young turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
