a man in Washington state was arrested
after he was shown waving an ak-47 and a
pistol and indicating that he had had a
conversation with Donald Trump and
needed to go after so-called lizard
people these are the same lizard people
that some conspiracy theorists talk
about on their programs people like Alex
Jones now this 55 year old man again
armed himself with an ak-47 and a pistol
over this past weekend and said that it
was because of a battle against lizard
people the man told law enforcement that
President Trump had spoken to him called
him specifically to warn him about this
now the Sheriff's Department says the
man told a deputy that he had quote
snorted methamphetamine to lose weight
and that he was taking prescribed
morphine but he did say the following
statement the meth doesn't make me crazy
man the lizard people are real yeah but
to be fair to him the alpha dragon had
taken his family hostage so he said yeah
and well so I learned something today
because I don't watch those programs I
didn't know that the lizard people too
had alpha dragons okay so now we know
that and so I'm gonna be on the lookout
for that I don't know if they have beta
dragons or cuck dragons I don't know
okay but apparently they have alpha
dragons so this is terrifying
because it's like I'm sorry to interrupt
you but I just wanted to quickly say
that this this story it seems like it's
just a joke but it touches on so many
societal issues the dangerous cocktail
of some of the biggest societal issues
so first of all lack of mental
healthcare okay the fact that draw that
guns are easily accessible guns like
ak-47s are easily accessible to people
who have mental health issues and three
the fact that we have people parading
around as journalists or members of the
media who in reality are crazy
conspiracy theorists and push insane
ideas like the fact that or the the
notion that there are lizard people
among us dangerous cocktail here
they're people who are 80% gorilla 80%
pig and 80% people and they do very poor
math yeah I was gonna say that doesn't
make sense but okay yeah no I
hey don't take it home with me to get I
was Alex and and remembered Donald Trump
went on Alex Jones Show and talked about
what a great show of was yeah and and
there's now reports out that Donald
Trump has gone back to conspiracy
theories about Obama's birth certificate
and he still hasn't let that go
the president is a psychotic conspiracy
theorist so I'm not are you positive
that Trump doesn't believe in lizard
people I don't know what Trump believes
at all he believes in he thought or at
least he charged publicly that Ted
Cruz's dad had killed JFK I mean is that
really that much less crazy than was
there people yes but still let's talk
about the common signs of lizard people
so the Atlantic did some research and
compiled a list of things that you might
want to be on the lookout for if you
suspect anybody that you know or love of
being a lizard pros thanks girl no
please so please just take note I need
to arm myself with this um a
predominance of green or hazel eyes Anna
that changed color like a chameleon but
also blue eyes true red or reddish hair
low blood pressure
UFO connections love of science science
hmm oh that is that's that's the
greatest irony that's I love that that's
a lair to be the clear okay yeah you're
good I go good nowhere near green or
blue eyes like a great blood pressure
listen the audience can attest to the
fact that I am not good at science
reporting I have the green eyes but I'm
good too and as far as we know we're not
connected the UFOs but that's what
lizard people would say wouldn't it
which was a person raised their hand
goes oh yeah I'm connected to you I mean
kind of a giveaway right but a lot of
people actually do believe this and
that's what's so sad and I last funny
thing a serious thing I love this theory
that I don't know I was taking the math
to lose weight
like oh I didn't know that okay that's
fine well nod then add that's okay yeah
we'll help him lose weight to be fair
it'll also help him lose teeth and lose
his mind
so enough then final serious point is to
double down on what Anna said look guys
and if we have a country where anybody
can get a gun at almost any time in any
way there is a certain percent of the
country that is mentally ill there's a
certain percentage of country that's on
meth there's a certain percentage of the
country that watches Alex Jones right
you put all those percentages together
and sometimes it's been the same guy
you're gonna have a lot of shootings so
thank God the cops did a great job here
and got him before he shot anyone but if
he thought that the Grand Dragon lizard
had his family hostage what wouldn't he
do armed with all those weapons right
and look it's these are not small
numbers even even if half a percent of
the country was you know had mental
issues that's what we're talking about
one and a half million people okay over
the more than that right if half a
percent of the country thinks that there
are lizard people and unfortunately that
might be a low estimate that's another
million and a half how many millions are
on meth right and get paranoid what's
and they could all access guns
immediately the massacres are never
going to end unless we get control of
the begun situation in this country and
do reasonable sane gun legislation the
other thing is that the theory here when
it comes to lizard people is that they
work for the government so what do you
think will happen in other words if
these are people who are paranoid that
we're being targeted and that aliens are
working for the government I mean who's
the government what's the government
police yeah in notations that's exactly
right and then they turn around and say
oh black lives matter once had a chant
in one city that was inappropriate and
hence cops are in danger
you've got people the right wing who are
convinced cops are lizard people and
they should have armor-piercing bullets
to fight against those guys this guy had
what a hundred and seventy two rounds on
him thank God that he didn't when the
cops came up to him that he didn't start
shooting right away thinking that they
were illiterate people if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
