the Senate has tinkered with the
original version of the tax bill and now
there are officials saying that the
version that they currently have will
nail the votes necessary to pass this
version now after Republicans resume
negotiations early on Friday with the
last few holdouts Republican senators
Steve Daines Ron Johnson and Jeff Flake
announced they would back the bill as
did senators James Lankford and Jerry
Moran
now another senator to keep in mind is
Susan Collins based on the reporting
that I've seen so far she seems like
she's still kind of wavering and I'll
tell you why in a minute but they have
made some concessions in order to get
these senators to agree to vote in favor
of the tax bill they'll get susan
collins to is it can I say it now oh all
these Republicans that said oh they're
not so sure about the tax cuts are all
actually going to vote for giant tax
cuts for the rich of course of course
they are that's the whole point of being
a Republican is to give tax cuts to the
rich so there was never any question
that's right look I am part of me of
course understands why the mainstream
media has to say well Susan Collins is
wavering Ron Johnson says he cares about
small business because if you're you
know if you're working at Reuters you
can't say Ron Johnson is a liar he's not
doesn't care about small business he's
definitely gonna vote for this tax cut
that's my job okay but I told you from
day one Ron just don't give a damn about
small business and at the end all of
them will vote for the tax cut and they
are so look some of them did demand
things that it appears they've been
promised to get so I know she'll say
well let's you're right they are Shou
Shou but Mitch McConnell says you know
we have the votes sometime today we will
wrap up and and keep in mind that they
are really in a rush to pass this
through right and I had no doubt that
there wouldn't be as much difficulty
with the tax bill as there was with the
repeal and replacement of the Affordable
Care Act this is something that
Republicans have always been in favor of
and they
have to worry about disagreement as much
as they did with the Affordable Care Act
now let's talk about the concessions so
Danes and Johnson senators Danes and
Johnson announced their support for the
bill on Friday after winning more tax
relief for non corporate pass-through
businesses these include most American
business enterprises for mom-and-pop
concerns two large financial and real
estate organizations the bill now
features a 23 percent tax deduction for
such business owners up from the
original seventeen point four percent so
these small businesses as you mentioned
earlier will be getting more of a
deduction under this bill but you say
it's Shou Shou can you know vibrate on
that a little no it's actually more tax
cuts for the rich so yes some of them
will go to mom-and-pop stores and and
and smaller businesses like The Young
Turks it used to be a pass-through
business and and we would have gotten a
benefit out of that in the old days okay
but it also applies to really large
businesses like Donald Trump's business
real estate or businesses yeah and some
of those are gigantic worth billions of
dollars
so the concession they got for small
business owners was more tax cuts for a
lot of billionaires and millionaires
that's not a concession yeah that's okay
I'm gonna take more from the middle
class and give it to the richer people
no you make you make a great point
because one thing that you should keep
in mind as I go through these
concessions they're not concessions to
help the little guy they're concessions
to further help you know those who are
already standing to benefit somewhat
from from this tax bill remember this is
the Senate plan the same Senate plan
that essentially will tax graduate
students if their tuition was waived
because they agreed to work on campus
they will be taxed on their stipend
which is of a very you know measly
amount of money that students get to
live off of but on top of that they'll
be taxed on their tuition that has been
waived so when they file their taxes
they're gonna have to deal with the
gigantic tax bill which is out of
control and they're not they're not
talking about oh that's we can't do that
to students who are already grappling
with student loan debt that they can
never get rid of in bankruptcy we're
talking about concessions that further
help you know people who are already at
an advantage and you talk about this a
lot
the show I do my characters of course
everybody should but student loan debt
has already surpassed a credit card that
so we already know that it's a big issue
in this in this country but yeah that I
was always I was going over some of the
things that aren't discussed directly as
it refers to this tax cut or this bill
excuse me it would make it so that let's
just say the House version makes it so
that 10% of your gross income if you
spend more than 10% of your gross income
on medical expenses
that's no law you can no longer write
that off on your taxes yeah so this
hurts the sick people it hurts
also it triggers cuts to the Medicare
program because the measure requires
cuts to the federal program if the
deficit increases and it's been
projected that it will increase the
deficit so that's going to happen to it
so let me just jump in there for a
second because that's the one thing that
susan collins pretends to care about and
she says well I don't want to cut
Medicare because I told everybody for
years and years that I wouldn't do that
Wow
and so but it does cut Medicare so what
are you gonna do about that Susan
Collins she's still gonna vote yes but
she said yesterday it's okay I got a
personal commitment from Mitch McConnell
that he wouldn't let that happen years
from now no it's not
okay that personal commitment isn't
worth the well I was gonna say the paper
that it's written on but it's not
written on any paper and there's also
something else that the Senate bill will
it would end the deductibility of state
and local taxes entirely and we know
that seven states don't have a state
income tax Alaska Florida Nevada South
Dakota Texas Washington and Wyoming
oh what a coinkidink that those are all
red states well except for Washington
but yes six out of six out of seven are
all red states the ones that have pay
the the largest state local taxes are
California and New York the biggest blue
states so it is a it is income
redistribution but it goes from the blue
states to the red states so and in the
in the case of the pass-through income
it goes from middle class directly to
Donald Trump so the big concession that
Republicans got is don't worry Donald
Trump in his family you're going to get
an even bigger tax cut those are not
concessions the only thing last thing on
the concessions from my point of view
is that these different senators have
different donors some of them are the
same all the banks give money to almost
all the Republicans they don't owe a lot
of the Democrats but some of them have
specific knowers based on their state
there's a particularly rich guy in
Wisconsin there's three rich people in
Kansas etc that give a giant amount of
money to these senators so they go okay
no no the tax cut I want is this so that
then they hold up the bill they go
alright well look man I'm concerned
about people in nursing homes a giant
tax cut for a guy who runs hospitals in
their own state who's actually a
billionaire right so almost all the
concessions are for other donors you're
right yes and remember the Senate is
also in order to pay for all these
massive tax cuts for the wealthy they
also think about getting rid of certain
deductions that yes the wealthy take
advantage of but the middle class also
gets to take advantage of so assault the
state and local taxes that you were
referring to stuff are very important
for a lot of people in in California New
York and some of these states that have
state taxes but also keep in mind that
they're thinking about doing away with
property tax deductions again something
that helps incentivize a property
ownership by the middle class and so
Susan Collins claims that she's
concerned about that but it doesn't seem
like she really has a strong or firm
opinion on it first let's go to Jeff
Flake though because you mentioned the
deficit jank and Jeff Flake says that
he's very concerned about what this plan
would do to the deficit flake once one
of the firm holdouts
because of concerns over this deficit
tweeted he would support the bill after
getting again assurances from the White
House and Senate GOP leaders that they
would work on legislation related to
daca or a deferred action for childhood
arrivals so he's saying that hey we need
to do something to protect these
individuals I really care about them and
he's saying okay well now I'm getting
assurances and I have flipped and in
support of this bill
none of the assurances as far as I can
see is actually in the legislation so
maybe they'll do something about docker
later huh I don't see it
they're themed shutting down the whole
government because of daca so it's
certain they certainly didn't address it
and conclude it in this bill so it's a
lot of BS from Republicans who just want
to vote YES for tax cuts for their
donors about oh I got assurances that
many many years later that somebody will
do something Jeff Flake you're retiring
what what are we going to do anything
about this that's relevant to you so
when you talk about assurances what
exactly does that mean
so basically Mitch McConnell promised
that something would be done down the
road because politicians are known to
keep their word that's how that works
yeah right now going back to Susan
Collins she announced that she would
vote yes okay this is one of the reports
saying that she would vote yes the new
bill would include her request to allow
tax payers to write off ten thousand
dollars in property taxes paid to state
and local governments so that is part of
her salt concerns and we'll see how that
plays out but I am concerned because you
know again there seems to be in in the
wording of this legislation there seems
to be an effort to punish liberal states
and I saw some reporting in regard to
disaster relief funding and how that
relief funding would specifically focus
on hurricanes and storms and flooding
and exclude or at least cut funding for
earthquakes oh come on so I mean these
types of things matter because there
seems to be like this concerted effort
by some in in Congress in the Senate
specifically to somehow punish some of
these states that tend to be blue states
so I can I just say if we did likewise
have a liberal president and a liberal
Congress purposely targeted Alabama in
Texas and said well if there's flooding
in Texas we're just not going to cover
it but if there's an earthquake in
California we're gonna send a lot of
money and by the way you know and
rejigger the rules as they have here so
that Texas pays more money in California
pays less money in taxes there would be
holy hell to pay and they would say how
dare you you
these are the real Americans and middle
America and you see the Liberals hate
them why is it okay for the
Conservatives to hate the people that
live in blue state America and punish us
and redistribute our wealth
if they don't it's that they it's not
that they mind a redistribution of
wealth they just don't like it when it's
the middle class they they like it when
it's redistributing wealth to their
donors and to in some case small cases
to their voters if they could take it
from the blue states if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now tea why tea
network.com slash joined get the whole
young turks Oh every day
