so you all know that Matt Lauer
obviously was in a lot of trouble
because of allegations of sexual
harassment significant ones and then was
fired yesterday by NBC News he was their
top star in terms of being a host of The
Today Show which is their most popular
program and most profitable one as well
their top star in terms of how much
money they paid him which was twenty
eight million dollars a year but some of
the allegations were quite significant
Geraldo Rivera did not see it that way
and he started tweeting this was a bad
idea
so we do want to discuss whether he has
any points at all so let me give you his
tweets this is sad about Matt Lauer
great guy highly skilled and empathetic
with guests and a real gentleman to my
family and me perhaps not a gentleman to
others anyway he says news is a flirty
business and it seems like the current
epidemic of sexual harassment
allegations may be criminalizing
courtship and conflating it with
predation
what about Garrison Keillor okay wait
what about him so apparently he thinks
that that was no big deal and and I
don't know that and we discussed this
yesterday I don't know all the details
of what Garrison Keillor is accused of
so I can't comment on that John I'm
gonna go tweet by tweet but let me pause
here look I think all these folks are in
a tough position when they know unlike a
person so he he knows and apparently
likes Matt Lauer and their families know
each other so if I if I was closed to
someone it it'd be tough you have to get
past that and go what he did was wrong
okay but I think that Geraldo is now
saying there is some courtship right and
it does happen in in in some office
environments including news actually let
me give you one more tweet and then
let's talk about it he says jerks are
jerk in dating sexual harassment should
be confined to situations where superior
imposes himself a subordinate who feels
unable to complain because of power of
perp or feared consequences to victims
employment shouldn't be used
to get even with bad bosses or hated X's
yes like but he's saying this in
response that Matt Lauer stuff which is
exactly what he's saying it should be
confined to so it comes off as bizarre
that you're taking this opportunity to
say that people are just going wild that
he was the highest-paid perhaps in some
ways the most powerful person there and
one of the women specifically said that
she went along with a sexual thing
because of her fear of losing her job
and didn't talk about it immediately
after afterward because of the shame and
probably continued fear about if she had
brought it up a few years ago and they
had to decide should we listen to her or
should we you know and then fire our
twenty eight million dollar a year
earning Matt Lauer
maybe we know how historically that's
gone at a lot of these companies maybe
they would have given her a little bit
of money and then she would've been
shuttled out the door and maybe that's
the end of her career so I don't think
that it's unfair to point out that you
shouldn't believe every allegation and
and especially if there it's going to be
any kind of proceeding and and here
there isn't it's just a matter of
internal investigation and Matt Lauer
doesn't seem to even disagree with the
firing certainly hasn't said anything
along those lines he said some of what
has been alleged isn't true that's Ravi
Ott's
that he implies that some of it is true
yeah but so I just think that Geraldo
even if you were to make this point and
it's a fair point that yes some small
percentage of women might want to you
know go after bad bosses or people that
they were in relationship with you at
least have to a point out that it's a
very small percentage of women it goes
historically as statistically that's the
case and number two this is a bizarre
one to fight on I mean I get it because
he's friends with Matt Lauer but it
seems like like Roger Ailes who Geraldo
also defended in the beginning he later
changed is too and on that but also
described what Roger Ailes was doing as
flirty with Roger Ailes
and Matt Lauer are alleged to have taken
their pants off Ailes chased the woman
around the room with his pants off and
so
I think that goes way way beyond flirty
yeah I guess devil's advocate he might
he might be thinking it's that he's not
specifically responding to the Matt
Lauer it's just oh look another one now
let me talk in a meta way about all of
it I don't know that that's what he's
doing but that might be how he defends
himself but I think in look he's gonna
undercut himself even more in the next
tweet which which is far worse but the
general idea that in this sort of
situation very often people like Geraldo
and others feel the need to say well
what if they're just coming after bad
bosses or hated exes or what if they're
just looking for money like it's not
just that like he's not necessarily the
person to be delivering that message
because he's coming off as a guy who's
sweating down the back of his neck right
now about this whole situation let's
ignore all of that to any guy that wants
to make that like comment in in the
future we got it everybody already knows
the concern about the possibility that
there will be reprisals against bosses
or somebody you're pissed off against or
maybe some girl wants money or maybe
some girl lies everybody has already
heard that point it's not like oh my god
Geraldo makes an amazing ID what if they
were like and we get that and obviously
every case involves looking at the
specific details but when your response
largely is just that it seems like
you're more concerned about the man in
this case and in this case it's a man
who clearly did it Matt Lauer who did
terrible things and so yes we're gonna
react negatively to this everybody
already gets the concerns about the
possibility of deception nobody's ever
going to jail without people
investigating what actually happened and
so you don't need to continually
reiterate it over and over as if that's
the only thing that we should be
thinking about it at this point one more
tweet from Geraldo he says sexual
harassment allegations should require
one made in a timely fashion say within
five years to some contemporaneous
corroboration like witnesses electronic
or written communications with money
settlements in multi-millions slight
chance exists some victims are motivated
by more than justice it does seem like
it's a Christine O'Donnell moment when
this that was a person who ran for
Senate
in Delaware she was the Republican and
Tea Party candidate and she famously
made an ad saying I'm not a witch
where people were like why were you away
and so now
Geraldo officiously her opponent did not
make clear that they weren't a witch or
a sorcerer or a necromancer or anything
yes that was weird anyway it's just so
in Geraldo is wrong about point number
one because he says oh you got to make
it within five years but in the 1970s
80s 90s until maybe just a couple of
months ago people were not in a position
to be able to to come out without fear
of reprisals which there were plentiful
people being fired which happened all
the time in fact Roger Ailes was and
Bill O'Reilly were accused of firing
people if they wouldn't have sex with
them so and you work at Fox News I think
you should be familiar by the by now
with that and a lot of that happened
well past five years ago and that is
exactly what was wrong with the culture
back then so saying oh if it's five
years ago in other words my grandfather
in abuse yeah it feels like Geraldo
saying that remember whatever you think
you might catch me doing was six years
ago er or earlier anyway and and a lot
of these women have had it has to be
within the you can't make a claim after
five months of five years and three
months or so and another die means that
he vanishes within that time that's
enough anyway and and most of these
women have contemporaneous corroboration
in fact the New York Times watch the
most different outlets that have
reported on the different cases yeah
have been methodical and pointing out
who they said it to at the time not just
today not like oh there's stuff going on
to Geraldo's point but I'd like to get
rich I'm gonna say it now when it didn't
really happen in the past no they told
their ex-boyfriends their husbands
etcetera etcetera which makes it at the
end of the day like I'm not intending to
offended but kind of a stupid point to
make first of all about the five years
that's ridiculous if you committed a
crime it's a crime I don't care how long
is gone we can still judge you based on
it but then about the contemporaneous
thing but what does he think that people
are
losing their jobs purely based on one
comment they don't look into it at all
there's nothing no Matt Lauer did not
lose his job without any evidence that
it was true whatsoever
obviously the companies are already
doing those sorts of investigations in
the in the most high-profile cases like
Harvey Weinstein like Roy Moore we have
tons of contemporaneous witness
statements and other forms of evidence
that's already there and the people are
doing these investigations know that
they need that it just comes off again
as this sort of weird knee-jerk need to
do what you think is defending yourself
pointing out stuff that's abundantly
clear to everyone who's already been
paying attention to this issue
look maybe it's because he's at Fox News
and there are allegations of a person we
definitely will not name who is looking
for money when she was not in this
similar situation as many other women at
Fox News were and mate I don't know if
that's what's under her skin I have no
idea because I don't know any of that
internal stuff so guys look every like
to John's point yes of course at some
point there'll be a bad actor of course
not every person is is dropped from
heaven and is telling the truth but the
overwhelming majority of them are right
so it's thing about your balancing here
right so when people say I believe the
women what they're saying is in the past
the women were not believed right
Geraldo's rule five years ago they were
not believed right so it doesn't mean
that every woman is telling the truth
and yes somebody might look for money
and yes somebody might be mad at an ex
or something like that
and yes that should all be properly
investigated but it doesn't look like
Matt Lauer is that case and like I said
earlier in a facebook book Facebook post
last fall as how post explains Rivera
also referred to journalism as a flirty
business he said he regarded one of the
former Fox Chiefs accusers as Ailes
accusers with quote extreme skepticism
due to his own personal experiences yeah
and look news I guess can be a flirty
business a lot of businesses are flirty
businesses they
to be high stress environments where
people spend long hours in a small
environment with the same people they
have shared experiences of extremely
intense natures I used to be a waiter
they're very incestuous areas
restaurants everybody who waits tables
can probably attest to that and there
are certainly areas in which some sort
of romance is perfectly fine if there's
no power dynamic and if it's clear that
it's a consensual thing that's entered
into in a sensitive and delicate fashion
and it's not simply someone creeping
someone out making them afraid to come
to work it's not a boss exercising weird
sexual control over their employees then
of course businesses are going to
continue to be a place where people can
have relationships and we do have to
have that conversation
it's also possible hypothetically that
we focus now on this moment we have to
actually do something about the habitual
long term powerful harassers get some
kind of action and then we can find out
if we can still hook up afterward maybe
we should attend to the more important
stuff first yeah and look it is news a
quote-unquote flirty business in my
limited experience yes I don't mean here
but when the tales of local news that I
would hear back in the day when I
briefly worked in local news and then
the tales I would hear in cable news
there's just secondhand so but yes there
are a lot of hookups and at some point
will some will one of these cases go too
far probably right not but I what I mean
by too far is someone will make a wrong
charge and then there'll be a huge
overreaction to that too and and and
then and the pendulum will keep on
swinging one final point I think I
mentioned this in our production me this
morning but we very often like you like
you say very often they make the case
that women could lie and as you say well
first of all it has happened very rarely
not nearly as often as as some people
would like it you to believe that they
they do but it could happen
and they will often say well the fear is
that then that will cause them to not
people to not trust women who are
telling the truth which is totally true
but we never actually flipped that we're
nine times out of ten these guys who are
accused of this habitually naturally
deny that it happened but then we find
out that it did happened aren't they
hurting
men who are innocence chances why are we
never worried about the actions of like
men in this case that's a great point -
that's right so last couple of things
here apparently in a 2014 interview
Rivera lauded workplace culture in the
70s and 80s and beemo and bemoaned
contemporary workplace protections this
I have a sense that this is not going to
end well for her although it was Mad Men
man they knew what was up I don't think
that lauding the culture of the 70s and
80s is the right way to go
he said now if you look at an intern
with cross eyes you go to jail I mean
you get fired it was almost like sex was
free you have no HR no Human Resources
no workplace rules against it back in
the day nowhere to run nowhere to hide
yeah he's talking about it is not a good
thing that there was no rule of law or
human resources to protect anyone back
in the day but but for guys like Geraldo
and a lot of other guys at Fox News and
now we find out in other places as well
they did think those were the good old
days yeah when they were in charge and
there were no rules to protect anyone
else now this turned out to be obviously
a bad idea so Fox News then said her all
those tweets do not reflect the views of
Fox News or its management we were
troubled by his conference in earlier
and are addressing them with him in
other words oh for God's sake what are
you doing getting us back in a trouble
that's a good statement than if it out
yeah and then Geraldo finally came back
around with a nice backpedal here with
reaction to my tweets today on sex
harassment makes clear I didn't
sufficiently explain that this is a
horrendous problem long-hidden harasses
our deviants who deserve what is coming
to them often victims are too frightened
to come forward in a timely fashion
fashion I humbly apologize and please do
not look into anything I might have done
five years earlier we don't know
anything okay no seriously I don't know
I don't know about that and again he's
on the periphery of what he's saying
there's conversations that need that
need to be had socially within men as a
community these conversations do need to
happen I think that you're stressing
them at a time that is not in a way in
at a time that is not ideal if you
become a member of the Young Turks you
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash join get the
whole young turks out everyday
