in the maximum golf profile that we've
been talking about there wasn't just the
first rate
you know comment there was other stuff
that was unveiled uh that was pretty
interesting too the article published in
maximum golf magazine notes that Trump
had to wait at the marine terminal for
now disgraced pedophile billionaire
Jeffrey Epstein who have since and his
girlfriend at the time who have since
been accused by dozens of women of
running what amounted to a sex slave
ring though not mentioned in the article
Corcoran now recalls a young woman
boarding with them I honestly he said I
honestly couldn't guess her age but she
was young
made up to look a bit older although he
says nothing untoward happened on that
flight and so remember Donald Trump is
the guy constantly talking about Harvey
Weinstein and you know putting pictures
of him with people well he's taking
private jets with this guy who had a sex
slave ring seems weird yeah and and we
he was a thing was a pedophile
I mean he would pay these young girls
$200 for massages and then then it would
lead to sex yeah and did you like the
perfect quote yes because oh maybe he
doesn't know maybe he doesn't Trump
doesn't know about a scene but he said
this I've known Jeff for 15 years this
is for New York Magazine in 2002 called
him a terrific guy and a lot of fun to
be with it has even said that he likes
beautiful women as much as I do and many
of them are on the younger side he's a
terrific guy and here's why it's even
said that he look you think you like
beautiful women more than other people I
don't understand that means but he seems
to understand some of the concerns about
possible pedophilia or his predilection
in that direction he knew it he knew it
man
a lot of these powerful folks hung out
with Epstein I don't know what they did
but it's you know I knew we know what
Epstein did because he was convicted and
it is some terrible stuff yeah so to me
that's much more disturbing that he
liked to hang out with Epstein and go on
his private jet where some of this stuff
happened that was nicknamed a lolita
express that's crazy
that is absolutely worse than anything
Trump said about a particular woman in
that profile yeah
so although is one other cottages just
because it's it's a little bit
embarrassing for him and I'd like to
embarrass him the remainder of the
maximum golf article is an account by
Corcoran of a couple of anodyne days
with Trump in which the future president
brags about the superiority of his
properties fine takes Mulligan's freely
I love that waves off a photographer
because he feels fat which is actually
the most sort of self analytical thing
he's ever set in his life he understood
properly not to have a picture taken
asked his golf buddies whether they
liked the look of his then-girlfriend
Milani a quote is that as good as it
gets and throws his club in the water
over missed putt Corcoran even said I
couldn't believe a man of his eminence
gave a damn about some of the things he
was worried about Trump kept asking me
if I thought his then-girlfriend Melania
was good-looking no he's he's obsessed
about all the wrong things wealth fame
is my girlfriend hot enough do you think
she's hot yeah you want her who else
wants her no he cares he cares so much
that's why he said about Time magazine
when they'd wouldn't feature him they're
the worst they're gonna go bankrupt and
then when they did feature him he's like
what a great honor because he's obsessed
with what people think about him that's
why they the crowd sighs which is an
irrelevant thing got so under his skin
that he still talks about it he's a
saint
he still has a picture of it up in the
in the White House where he brags about
it to people who come in he is deeply
insecure and he's about the most
thin-skinned guy you've ever met and
he's in essence he's he's a bit of a
snowflake and yeah he can't take any
criticism the threesome a thing
the latest criticism possible and he
absolutely blows up yeah he's a child in
that way but look man I don't know what
happened with Epstein but and there were
a lot of rich and powerful guys who hung
out with Epstein but nothing good it
could have come of that if you liked
this video bless your heart we got a lot
more where that came from we do a full
show every day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
