a couple of people are questioning
Donald Trump's sanity when one could
hardly blame them there's actually been
a number of news reports out recently
including from the New York Times of
insiders saying that Trump might be
unmoored and they're worrying about his
mental competence now this is an issue
that we'd brought up before but now I
want to go to a couple folks doing it on
camera on air one is Tony Schwartz he's
the one that wrote art of the deal for
Donald Trump and he spent a lot of time
with him writing that book and has come
out aggressively against them in the
past but now he's worried not only about
his mental fitness but he says there are
people inside the White House that are
also worried about that let's watch he's
decompensating that's a psychiatric term
but what it means in simple terms is
he's losing his grip on reality his
reality testing is really poor and I
believe that's exactly what's going on
he is more limited in his vocabulary
he's further from as I say this
connection to what is factual and real
he is more impulsive he is more reactive
this is a guy in deep trouble and one of
the problems we have right now is that
we're not very sympathetic to the
psychological and to the psychiatric
community but that's who we need to be
talking to right now
so look a lot of us can see it with our
own eyes now he's even going around
saying that the Access Hollywood tape
wasn't real when he already admitted it
was really admitted or publicly
apologized for it now apparently
internally not even to be combative or
for any political purpose but internally
he's telling people I don't think that
was real wait a minute but I saw you
admitted that's super weird and in fact
Schwartz now talks about the people that
are telling him this that actually no
Trump from um from the inside let's
watch we need to be really bringing in
psychiatrists too because this is a man
who is deeply mentally ill and literally
for example I know that two different
people from the White House or at least
saying they were from the White House
and that turned out to be a White House
number have called somebody I know in
the last several weeks to say
we are deeply concerned about his mental
health that's wait you're saying you
have knowledge of people calling from a
white house line raising that question
why would they do that how do you know
that I know that because I know the
person that they called and this is a
person who I absolutely trust who has
great integrity and this is also by the
way confirming I think something that
Vanity Fair wrote in a different context
about the concern in the White House I
believe there are people are concerned
most of them I think are hostages to a
cult leader when you watch Sarah
Huckabee Sanders right now you really
feel as if you're watching somebody who
is being brainwashed or has been
brainwashed yeah I'm not sure I agree
with that last part I think that people
inside the Trump administration are
willing participants they're doing it
for the money the fame the power I don't
think that you needed to brainwash them
to do that but internal sources talking
about how they're worried that Trump
might be unhinged is deeply concerning
we started this poll a while back and
when we did it was near 5050 it isn't
anymore
it's TYT Network comm / 25th because
referring to the 25th amendment to
remove a president for mental
incompetence and we asked you guys
should Trump be disqualified from the
presidency for mental incompetence and
and the voting is continued now it's 79
percent yes 21 percent no but it's
because I think you guys are fair of
course not a scientific poll is a poll
of our audience but in the beginning
that like I said that was nearly an even
question when we first started and I and
I didn't necessarily think that we
needed to go in that direction yet
because using the 25th amendment is a
very heavy heavy exercise of power you
need to be absolutely sure that it's not
being used for political purposes but
because someone is actually cannot
conduct their responsibilities as
president and so Joe Scarborough is
gonna talk about that by the way curious
about your opinion where that poll is
gonna wind up so like I said TYT Network
comm / 25th and we'll have the link in
the description box below so so vote on
that I'm curious what you guys think so
now we're gonna go to Scarborough and
he's gonna talk about the consequences
of this possible
demential let's watch we had a New York
Times in Washington Post piece saying so
a couple of days ago and the question is
we go if this is not what the 25th
amendment was drafted for and what is it
I would like the cabinet members serving
America not the president serving
America America you serve America and
you know it you know you don't serve
Donald J Trump scam developer scam you
know Trump University proprietor reality
TV show host you don't represent him
you represent 320 million people whose
lives are literally in your hands and we
are facing a showdown with a nuclear
power and you have somebody inside the
White House that the New York Daily News
says is mentally unfit that people close
to him say is mentally unfit that people
close to him during the campaign told me
had early stages of dementia tell me
general mattis when is a polite to bring
this up in polite society Rex Tillerson
when is this the right time to talk
about a mentally unstable president in
the White House and a nuclear showdown
with another unstable madman in North
Korea is it after the first nuclear
missiles fly what exactly is the right
time Steve minuchin pence Mike Pence and
here's the thing everybody around Donald
Trump knows he's not stable everybody
around Donald Trump knows he's not
stable Minelli
everybody okay sorry it's a serious
issue but because reactions there were
kind of funny pence Kelly
everyone knows anyway look this is a
super serious issue I really think that
he's
look I think that and I've told you this
before I believe that they're gonna use
all sermons as an excuse to get him out
when he's near done and and now that it
looks like Mike Flynn might be
cooperating with the authorities he
might be near done so I don't even know
if he's faking it remember he had the
same lawyer as the mob and you remember
that the chin one of the mob bosses in
New York faked being crazy for a long
time to get out of jail so I'm not sure
what game is being played here whether
he's acting crazy or he actually is
crazy he is not acting like a rational
person and the reality is the closer you
get the Trump the more you realize that
that's why these there's these desperate
leaks in a sense where they go to
senator bob Corker is a right-wing
Republican they're like Bob tell
everybody he's nuts we got help it's
like it's almost like people coming out
and go and get out okay so and and now
people leaking to Tony Schwartz to Joe
Scarborough and the list goes on and on
I think the 25th is where this thing
ends but he'll resign before that but
but I think that that momentum is begin
to build quite significantly and
rightfully so TYT membership gets your
commercial-free young turks downloaded
stream it podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
