so recently Roy Morris given a speech at
Magnolia springs Baptist Church in
Alabama and he's got to figure it out
what the real problem is here it's not
that he tried to sexually assault a
fourteen-year-old when he was 32 no no
that's not the problem it's not that he
tried to rape a 16 year old when he was
in his 30s in the back of a parking lot
no that's not the problem it turns out
the problem is lesbians and gays let's
hear it from the horse's mouth
oh yeah of course they're out to get him
that's the real issue he mentions
liberals and socialists in there I
didn't know there were a lot of
socialists down against in Alabama
because that's where all the stories are
coming from the stories of the young
woman who he assaulted and molested the
stories of how he was banned from the
Gadsden Mall in Alabama because he was a
pervert chasing after young girls when
he was in his 30s when the stories of
how he's banned from football games and
the cops had to watch out to make sure
that he didn't go after the cheerleaders
in the high school football games those
were all came out against in Alabama I
didn't know that Gaston was filled with
socialists but let's put that aside for
a second the gays and the lesbians I did
not know the Gadsden Alabama was a hub
for lesbian activity they have no moral
sorts whoever whenever they're caught
doing something sure what to be it was
to me it was the gaze of the lesbians
but wait a minute what did a member of
the LGBT community have anything new
with when you cornered a 16-year old
girl in a parking lot and ripped her
clothes off and then you threw her body
out of your car in the cold of night
there was a gay or lesbian person in
that car you were in that car but the
thing is they don't believe in personal
responsibility and so whenever they get
into trouble it was him it was him it
was him
scapegoat scapegoat they said a Muslim
Muslim doesn't make sense I don't know
what's playing on the gays and lesbians
or maybe it was a Mexican but it wasn't
me it wasn't me no it was you Roy Moore
okay so
now that that part is low some and and
you know the thing that drives me crazy
is the guy that was leading in the polls
before we found out he was at Romulus
and now it's kind of 50/50 okay so good
folks down in Alabama with the
Republicans lots of family values there
but even before we found out he was a
child molester he said Muslims shouldn't
be allowed to serve in Congress so he
doesn't understand the US Constitution I
told you a story about how in 2011 he
says women shouldn't be in in office or
in government and and Alabama Republican
so sounds right everything is the fault
of the gays and the lesbians and they
should have the same rights as us yeah
yeah sounds about right
he had said that the transgenders don't
have rights that they don't have any
rights that American citizens because of
their gender identity should not have
any rights at all this guy was a monster
from day one even before we found out he
was a child molester all right so any
confirms it here and these are not old
stories this just happened all right so
that's the substantive part and then it
took a weird turn now it's not the weird
part the weird parts about to come
there's two different protesters that
then spring up in this church one is a
legit guy who is bothered by Roy Moore's
assertions he stands up in the church
and says some powerful stuff and of
course he's immediately escorted out
second guy is from the Jimmy Kimmel show
and he's pretending to be a Roy Moore
supporter that's where it gets a little
fun to be honest let's watch
my state I can play why would they let
me down
well for the judge
she's a man's man he judges a man's man
you've got this don't listen oh that's a
man's man does that look like the face
of a molester so the the actual
protester was saying stood up and said
what you think all the girls are lying
why are all everybody in the town of
Gatson Alabama lying except you that
doesn't make any sense
then Gitmo guy gets up and he goes by
Jake bird well that's not his real name
as you saw it's Tony Barbieri a man's
man but my favorite part is he keeps
calling him judge and and he keeps
saying does that look like the face of a
molester it's a great twist he's gonna
do it again watch transgender troops he
favors he opposes judge number one fair
you know what because I believe in the
judge and I don't believe in the ladies
or luck does that look like the face of
someone who
thank you that's because I will send it
down bro work ah okay
that was fun he has the shirt on give me
more and part of the point of this gag
is that when he was in the parking lot
and the reporters were there a bunch of
the Roy Moore supporters came up to me
like Oh would you get that shirt I want
that shirt
so then Roy Morris finds out that he was
actually with Jimmy Kimmel gets upset
and sends this tweet where he says Jimmy
Kimmel if you want to mock our Christian
values come down here to Alabama and do
it man-to-man what's that mean were you
gonna give you a physical fight with him
and what a cloud oh yeah oh yeah I'll
punch you what are you a child
okay another in the Republican
Congressmen in Montana slammed a report
on the ground you never know they they
believe in physical violence so it's
it's possible and second of all what do
you mean Christian values he's not
mocking you for your Christian values
he's mocking you for molesting
fourteen-year-old girls is that your
Christian values so Kimmel then tweets
back Adam and says sounds great Roy let
me know when you get some Christian
values and I'll be right there and then
one more from Roy Moore he says despite
DC and Hollywood elites bigotry towards
southerners Jimmy will save you a seat
on the front pew yeah he's not mocking
southerners he's mocking you and if you
think that Jimmy Kimmel's saying hey you
shouldn't have tried to have sex with 14
year olds or rape 16 year olds applies
to all southerners there's some chance
that you are the one disrespecting
southerners nobody is accusing everybody
else are doing that they're only
accusing you of doing it this guy would
have been atrocious and terrible and
unamerican even without any of the
sexual allegations doesn't believe that
transgender people should have the same
rights as you doesn't believe lesbians
in gays should have the same rights as
in fact he blames them for his own
problems doesn't believe women should
have the same rights and of course he
doesn't believe Muslims should have the
same rights and no one has even asked
him about Mexicans and blacks God knows
what he thinks about that this guy is
despicable
through-and-through TYT membership gets
you commercial free young turks
downloaded stream at podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /
join
