very credible news obviously that Rex
Tillerson is leaving the State
Department they're thinking of replacing
him with Mike Pompeo who's a current CIA
director well that means the CIA
director position is open well it looks
like a certain senator from Arkansas has
cut into the position if you will okay
that's Tom cotton he's relatively young
he's 40 years old he served one term in
the house he served three years in the
Senate enormous ly ambitious and the
number one way that he has shown that
ambition is a ruthless ability to
deliver for donors I've talked about him
ever since he's been in the Senate and
shown in every instance that if there is
a far right position Tom cotton will
take it there is a pro donor position
Pro billionaire position Tom cotton will
not only take it but feverishly defend
it so that is who Tom cotton is oh now
we're go to The Times for explaining how
this is gonna break down mr. Pompeo
would be replaced the CIA by Senator Tom
cotton a Republican from Arkansas who's
been a key ally of the President on
national security matters according to
the White House plan mr. cotton has
signaled that he would accept a job if
offered said the officials who insisted
on anonymity discuss sensitive
deliberations before decisions are
announced so why do they like Tom cotton
well for the most obvious and consistent
reason here's a quote from Reuters he is
a staunch Trump ally if when Trump is
doing a job interview number one through
nine priorities is how much do you kiss
my ass and Tom cotton is excellent at
that that's actually his expertise
that's his main claim to fame is if
you're a daughter I will kiss your ass
if you're a defense contractor I will
kiss your ass if you're the president
Donald Trump oh my god he's going to
work on you so Trump loves this and goes
oh Tom cotton this guy won't stop
kissing my ass this is perfect I'll make
him the CIA director the CIA where I
could maybe manipulate some intelligence
to tell you that I don't have a
connection with Russia and they didn't
interfere in the election now whether
they go that far
up for discussion Tom cotton in the
passes somewhat lukewarm response to
that but has said that Trump seems I'm
sorry Russia seemed to have played a
role in 2016 election but there's one
other things they might want to fix in
terms of intelligence of the CIA if you
will and that is the issue of going to
war with Iran but hold one more note
about Tom cotton before we got to the
Iran issue which I think is the most
important what does he think about some
of the terrible practices that the CIA
has done in the past
well loves it he said quote
waterboarding isn't torture well that's
like your opinion man but actually the
law says that it is so here's a guy who
has raised his hand and said I will not
abide by the law I it clearly says under
US law as well as international law the
waterboarding is torture but if I'm the
CIA director maybe we go back to torture
so that's who Tom cotton is okay now but
the main qualifier other than
ass-kissing is that he has quote
vigorously opposed the Iran nuclear deal
so Tom cotton is an enormous war hawk
and and in fact on the Iran deal when he
first got into the Senate he immediately
wrote a letter saying to the Ayatollah
hey listen I want to make sure that I
can subvert the negotiations of the
United States government if you do a
deal with the US government we promise
that we will not abide by it what an
unbelievable thing to do if Nancy Pelosi
had gotten behind George Bush's back
inside and penned a letter to the
Ayatollah saying don't listen to our
commander-in-chief I'm telling you that
he that we will not follow what he says
it would have been unbelievable it would
have the biggest story it would have
been considered a betrayal and in some
ways it would have been and Contin did
it and he got 47 Republicans to sign
along oh yeah the president don't trust
his word we don't care we won't follow
the laws we won't follow our treaties
they sign that letter it was atrocious
Tom cotton what his donors want the war
and he's going to give them more
here's Heather Digby part not as salon
writing it seems likely that he's among
the advisers who push the president
toward decertification of the ron deal
based on no evidence now we did the deal
and in the deal if you don't remember we
took Iran's uranium away so that they
cannot make a nuclear weapon sounds like
a pretty good deal right because the
whole point was we don't want to making
nukes in fact that's what the right-wing
was going nuts over oh my god rods gonna
kiddo
nope it's an existential threat for
everybody okay great so we got rid of
their nukes yeah but I don't like Obama
and I actually really wanted war that
was just a pretext for war so so okay
now they could decertify the field deal
if Iran is not following the deal but
you know and the Republicans are looking
for anything where they didn't cross
ante or dot and I cuz or they want that
war but they haven't found any there's
no evidence that Iran has not listed not
abided by the deal at all
so Tom cuz like I don't know we should
do certify anyway who cares
cuz cotton wants war his donors want war
and they're gonna get that war if Tom
cotton can get some evidence at the CIA
maybe it'll be a slam dunk like we've
seen in the past so this is really
really bad news there is no more war
monger and and a person detached from
facts and evidence than then Tom cotton
so it's not surprising that Trump would
pick a guy like that but if you thought
the war in Iraq was bad wait till you
get a little the war with Iran so I hope
to god that doesn't happen and somehow
this is derailed but likely it'll go
through so buckle up and brace for
impact if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm sighs join
