Jori the other day was talking about
sexual harassment and the effects of it
and she made a bunch of great points and
I want to laud her for that so let me go
to some of the tweets that she had she
had the voice of God in media and
politics has been male and mostly white
forever and these men are given not just
moral authority but the power to shape
the national narrative we're watching
that authority crumble as we learn how
many have used their power to press for
sex so I think it's a really good point
and I again want to commend her for that
because it's not just the abuse of power
which is terrible in and of itself but
it was that they got this say what was
right and wrong in shaping the national
narrative
she went on to make more good point she
said what we're also learning is that
it's not just the media problem the same
dynamic plays out throughout our society
from the restaurant boss to the White
House the change that's needed here is a
system-wide societal reboot and you know
I think that we're actually in the
middle of it and and so I agree with joy
there okay and then she wanted to one
more tweet here she said there are
literally no credible national authority
figures right now one could argue that
Barack Obama is but even he can't reach
a percentage of the population that has
become hardcore ethno nationalists
certainly the current president isn't
one so largely true I I would I think
that Obama actually could reach a lot of
people but I understand the point she's
making so far all good so then someone
on Twitter replies Jeffrey Koster one
writes Bernie Sanders saying this
meaning that there's that's a national
figure that would have the credibility
to talk about this issue and Bernie
Sanders for example has not only called
out Republicans but people in his own
party including senator Franken saying
that what he did was completely
unacceptable and and it's called for an
investigation on him as other Democrats
so and he's a very trusted figure and
he's the most popular politician in the
country so it seems like a fair point
but Reid does not agree and this is
where it gets weird so she writes back I
get that he as a hardcore following but
his own attitudes towards women from his
weird early writings to his physical
dismissal of women in his presence
including his own wife make that an
incredibly dubious prospect
what where did that come from
look I'm not unaware of Joey Reed's
stance over the last couple of years and
I'm not unaware that there is almost
nothing that she can't blame on Bernie
Sanders there's a hair in my salad
Bernie Sanders okay
thanks Bernie but this is preposterous
what do you what is the physical
dismissal of woman in his what are you
talking about again these attacks are
against the the person that they say is
too liberal he's not pragmatic enough
he's not practical enough if it was
practically he'd be more moderate more
cuz more centrist etcetera you wouldn't
you push for so much liberal change well
among the liberal change that he pushes
for is for women's rights
no but that's true and he has a 40-year
track record of being excellent on
women's rights issues but my
interpretation of his body movements is
that he is not as receptive physically
it with the presence of women as as I
think he should be what what is that
it's really embarrassing super
embarrassing that sounds like Keith
Ablow from Fox News when they claim he's
on the medical a-team at Fox News I
don't know what the medical be team is
and I don't want to know but apparently
at MSNBC is medical 18 they also have
what is this body language experts you
know they do that nonsense for the OIC
from his body language that he's
actually even though he has a great
record he appears to be a really bad guy
in other words I made it up I don't like
the guy right so and then she mentioned
his wife what do you know about his wife
what do you know about in a relationship
what are you doing so somebody doesn't
know about that is Jay Sanders Bernie
Sanders wife so she tweets back I didn't
answer your bias reporting about Bernie
during the last two years but don't ever
use me to demean my husband I am very
happy and very proud to be Bernie's wife
your perception couldn't be more wrong
have you ever talked with him you've
never spoken with me damn okay look I
don't know why Joe Reed has decided that
she is the protector of the
establishment and that progressives need
not apply I don't know why she took that
turn back when I knew her I didn't think
that that's where she was coming from at
all but she's decided that the
progressives should be taking the
tranquilizing drug of gradualism and
that they should know their role and
their role is to serve people like
Hillary Clinton and she's been greatly
bothered that Bernie Sanders had the
temerity to challenge the anointed one
well joy that's why we had a vote and in
the vote was not at MSNBC it was not a
democratic party as it turned out though
unfortunately it kind of was as we found
out from Donna Brazile that yes the DNC
did affect their primaries in many
different ways and was secretly run by
the Clinton campaign but it was supposed
to be for the voters and eventually we
did have that vote unfair as it was and
Hillary Clinton won that's fine I don't
and a lot of people will say that it was
unfair and I think they make a great
point on that but it happened I don't
know why you hated that vote in the
first place
why wasn't Bernie Sanders allowed to run
why did you and your friends in the
elite and the establishment have to pick
the candidate why was it outrageous for
an actual progressive to run and try to
represent progressives we're supposed to
be a democracy primaries are part of
that for democracy but understand that
it's not that they're against primaries
because if they were against primaries
in Shore Reid and her friends had a
perception of look if you've got a
Democratic leader let's not hurt the
progressive movement by having primaries
which could cost us money in momentum
etc because if that was her true
position there is clearly a Democratic
leader right now the most popular
politician in the country Bernie Sanders
that's absolutely clear crystal clear
naked if you want to show you the polls
I'll show you a dozen polls and you know
the polls but now
all of a sudden that Bernie Sanders is
the leader most beloved by Democratic
voters over 80% of Democratic voters are
on his side over 60% of all American
voters are on his side he's nearly
doubling Trump's approval ratings number
one in the country all of a sudden and
we gotta have a primary we got have a
primary where's Carla Harris we're said
Al Franken know when he's not around
anymore but Cory Booker
Gillibrand anyone but Bernie anyone but
Bernie let's all primary what happened
what happened I thought you needed an
anointed one who was the most obvious
candidate no all of a sudden the hair
and my salad is from Bernie Sanders and
I don't like the way he walks around
women or the fact that he is present
around women what in the world is that
and unwittingly here unfortunately Reid
has betrayed her own biases and showed
us exactly what she's about
it isn't about policy it never was
it's that they don't like Bernie Sanders
they don't like progressives who want
real change they like the establishment
they like picking their own friends and
if you dare to cross them on that they
will find any excuse to attack you day
in and day out well this time around
it's not going to work like that this
time we're gonna go back and forth you
want to attack we will counter-attack so
okay now we know where you stand
game on so who's your candidate and what
is their physical presence around women
what is their physical presence around
men what is their physical presence
around oxygen let's have at this you
want to play dirty and it's obvious that
you do and you have been throughout
look we're progressives unlike joy read
on some of other folks at MSNBC in the
Democratic Party so yes we won't be as
dirty as them I get that we never will
be they live it they breathe it that's
what they do day in and day out but we
will defeat them we believe in primaries
so you bring all your establishment
clowns bring them bring them bring them
and Bernie if he runs will absolutely
destroy them I say that in Washington
I've said it and people snicker we'll
see who's Snickers last come and get
some
Young Turks you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
