our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt Donald Trump
spoke in front of the UN Security
Council and it was a meeting
specifically regarding nuclear and
chemical weapons and he talked about a
lot of different things but he mainly
focused on China and Iran now for the
sake of this conversation we're gonna
discuss some of the accusations that he
had for China and before we show you the
video I have to give you an incredibly
important tip please pay close attention
toward the expressions on the faces of
the Chinese representatives as he's
giving this speech because it is a good
thing to see take a look
China has been attempting to interfere
in our upcoming 2018 election coming up
in November against my administration
they do not want me or us to win because
I am the first president ever to
challenge China on trade and we are
winning on trade we are winning at every
level we don't want them to meddle or
interfere in our upcoming election we
literally have a clown for president
yeah we have an orange clown who shows
up every once in a while
goes and embarrasses in front of us in
front of the world and says we're
winning we're winning at every level
what does that even mean let alone the
fact that it's not remotely true also
just how oblivious do you have to be to
even bring like election meddling up if
you're not talking about Russia
you don't mean like if you're him in
that situation like why even bring it
how do you not understand how that's
going to come across like oh it's China
now matter-of-factly yeah China's doing
it totally but Russia no there's no he
wouldn't do that Putin one dude he's a
good guy Trump knows Putin I got way
back so this is like a photocopy of a
photocopy because at least back in the
day the Romans had decency to come up
with fake evidence when they went
through United Nations and you remember
of course the famous : powell
presentation about the Iraq war and oh
my god here's our satellite images and
pictures and charts and graphs I mean
they're largely made up but at least
made the decency to make it up now the
Trump administration is like heaven is
who the hell would need that I'm going
to go accuse China of an incredibly
serious charge and bring no evidence
exactly and by the way this is not the
first time Trump's administration has
has said this with absolutely no
evidence now to be clear if they do come
forward with some evidence then it is a
serious issue and I will definitely want
to do something about it look I want
people to be clear for me this isn't a
political thing right it isn't a Russia
versus China thing a Trump versus the
Democrats thing if we have a foreign
government trying to involve themselves
or meddle in our elections then we need
to do something about it but remember
Republican lawmakers continuously vote
down legislation that would help fund it
han't enhancements for our election
systems right give more money to the
state so they can secure the elections
and they don't really seem to care
behind the scenes they really don't and
so let me give you John Bolten statement
that he he recently said so this is
before Trump spoke in front of the UN
Bolton said the following graphic 31 I
can say definitively that it's a
sufficient national security concern
about Chinese meddling Iranian meddling
and North Korean meddling that we're
taking steps to try to prevent okay so
what are the steps and what is the
evidence that all of these countries are
trying to meddle in our elections give
us some evidence and then tell us what
those steps are and so when reporters
asked for that the response has been
it's coming it's coming no I figured out
what their so-called evidence is and it
is ridiculous so at first just like you
said and I was like wait what I could
could I believe that China might do the
same kind of meddling that
Russia did yes they have very
sophisticated cyber warfare capabilities
and it's not like oh the Chinese
government would never do that no they
could easily do that and they have the
capacity to they might have the motive
to and would i but unlike Republicans
were not traitors so if you said to me
the Chinese might medal on behalf of
Democrats I'd say hell no I'd actually
say in a stronger language
no thank you we don't need your help get
the hell out of our country if that's
what you're gonna do and and we would
want a real investigation of that of
course the Republicans are like oh the
Russians helped us okay okay well I move
on move on it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter at all right okay so we know
where your loyalty sorry anyway in it
but so so what the hell are they
referring to do they have some secret
evidence
almost never by the way john bolton it
gives you a laundry list of countries
you'd like to invade exactly he's like
oh even though Trump doesn't even want
to do it but North Korean meddling can
we bomb them can we bomb them Iranian
meddling I'll make that up but some
Iranian meddling what the hell are you
talking about what do it think I mean
the ayatollahs figured out a new cyber
attacks better than we can do we can
defend it North Korea did so let's not
under I mean it's possible but hear me
out there's mountains of evidence that
Russia meddled but you know Trump has
proven definitively that that didn't
happen so that's that's out there so if
there's no evidence of these other
countries meddling then that must mean
that they did now so what did I figure
out okay so in a political article
referring to an administration official
they said the official reiterated that
the allegations that China was deploying
its trade policy to target American
farmers and Trump supporting districts
and states was there evidence okay
they're hacking farmersonly.com
now it's personal now little bit and did
you not see that it's farmers only what
are you doing in the right okay yeah so
Chinese hackers ok farmers only so do
you understand what their so called
evidences since the Chinese retaliated
to our tariffs against them and put it
on some certain industries including
farming the Republicans the White House
is the Trump administration officials
are saying well since farmers largely
vote for Republicans and they did
tariffs on farmers that's our claim that
they're meddling in our election that's
not meddling in the election you
knucklehead those are tariffs targeted
against us cuz we did tariffs on them
they're the worst really we said we he
look like an orange clown up there and
the rest of the world laughing at him
and the Chinese are gonna like what what
are you talking about yeah I love that
guys that sure you just learned also
that exhausted look on his face like oh
god this guy this guy yeah I know I've
got to say like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
