as news broke this morning about Matt
Lauer Donald Trump lost his mind and
started tweeting about Matt Lauer but
also about other members of the media
that he would like to see fired
not just actual people on TV but the
executives at well as well at some of
these channels that he doesn't like
because they have the gall to criticize
the president the United States and then
he went even farther than that going
from wanting people in the media to be
fired to potentially being put in prison
now for criticizing him specifically but
for murder so he tweeted this so now
that Matt Lauer is gone when will the
fake news practitioners at NBC be
terminating the contract of Phil Griffin
which that's enough for one tweet but he
goes on and will they terminate low
ratings Joe Scarborough based on the
unsolved mystery that took place in
Florida years ago it was the gate they
don't need to investigate because people
already investigate about that unsolved
murder so this is the conspiracy theory
that the right wing seems to have budget
scarborough that he murdered one of his
interns in florida years ago he's
referencing laura Clausius 20-year old
office staffer who worked for
scarborough when he was a representative
from florida Placitas was found dead in
the congressman's district office in
july 2001 at the time a local medical
examiner investigated ruled the death an
accident saying classiness had collapsed
and hit her head on the side of a desk
she had an undiagnosed heart condition
according to the medical examiner and
the head trauma caused a fatal blood
clot or they would have you believe that
in reality she died on the set of the
moon-landing that didn't happen it's
it's already a tragedy that she died at
all in this circumstance or otherwise
but that's not good enough for them so
there's a bunch of twists in this story
a number one the republicans used to go
apoplectic if you mentioned Scarborough
is in turn and i never did because
because the medical examiner said she
died of the blood clot okay and and so
there's a million things to criticize
scarborough on that isn't one of them
but the right wing would defend them now
the dear leader has said that we will
now attack scarborough so the right wing
now comes go yeah that in turn of course
even of course yeah unsold mister
right so that and there and now they're
attacking joe scarborough's brother
who's apparently a giant trump fan yeah
george scarborough who'd nobody'd of
course yeah and he's like can't but I
know my brother didn't murder the intern
so oh now it affects you so now that it
finally affects you I mean he'd been
bashing your brother all along but now
that he's basically called your brother
a murderer you're fine like oh he's a
poor stuff yes it's exactly what jr.
thought your position would be yeah and
it straights totally true oh wait wait
wait this one affects me what he hated
Muslims I loved it when he hated Latinos
I loved what he hated black people I
loved oh you calling my brother a
murderer and his light bridge too far
there's too many conspiracies people are
getting things confused and mixed up Joe
Scarborough didn't kill his intern Ted
Cruz's father killed joe scarborough's
interna obviously joe scarborough has an
alibi he was busy killing seth rich how
do people confuse all these things no no
I'm joking about things that are
tragedies I understand that but it's
because people have lost their goddamn
minds sometimes people die and it's just
a tragedy it's not a conspiracy no no
look Donald Trump's a lunatic he thinks
Ted Cruz is horrible horrible politician
I can't stand Ted Cruz but but he thinks
that Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK you have
to be absolutely insane to believe that
only a lunatic would believe that and
any there's so many millions upon
millions of Americans voted for a
lunatic who belongs in an insane asylum
and he didn't say it he didn't say these
crazy things after it he didn't just say
it during the election he has been
peddling conspiracy theories for
literally years but we as a country have
never been good at telling truth from
falsehoods and we're getting way worse
in it way worse because the ways we
self-select into media and the fact that
we we down on education constantly the
way we defund it this but this is on top
of the Joe Scarborough stuff in addition
to that recently I just read this today
Maggie Haberman we've we referred to one
of these recently now you have room in a
Jonathan Martin of the New York Times
reported that they've spoken with people
who have spoken with the president
recently and recently he has multiple
times regularly asserted that Obama's
birth certificate is fake not in 20
13 he's doing that now yeah the guy's
losses he won the popular vote and that
the Access Hollywood tape that he
apologized for is fake it was doctored
it didn't actually happen no he's a he
no he has a mental condition man he won
he's preposterous lead um - he's a
lunatic
sir II he's a pathological liar he
cannot help himself so this is the same
guy that is Scarborough that he was in
love with before Oh Scarborough your
tremendous you're awesome you're and
then Scarborough turns up you're
terrible you you're murder no and look
and in this topsy-turvy world he gets me
to defend guys I can't stand like Ted
Cruz's father who thinks that Jesus pick
Ted Cruz to leave the country then who
picked Trump anyway I got an idea yeah
all right and then Scarborough I can't
stand Scarborough
but between Scarborough and the lunatic
okay I'm going Scarborough yeah a lesser
of two evils is okay for Christ's sake
anyway and then and then Phil Griffin
Phil Griffin and I don't get along
that's really for the people who know it
common knowledge because of how I left
MSNBC but why is he blaming Phil Griffin
for Matt Lauer Matt Lauer's at NBC Phil
Griffin runs MSNBC Matt Lauer doesn't
work for Phil Griffin those things are
not remotely connected oh but I don't
look at most of BC Phil Griffin's the
problem why Orange though I don't we and
then you're talking about investigates
Scarborough what what is this fascist
gonna do I mean he asked the Justice
Department he has the power to
investigate people yeah he asked the
Justice Department to interfere and do a
political investigation of Hillary
Clinton and they are now considering it
are they going to consider an
investigation of Joe Scarborough next
because now we're doing political
investigation so this is how fascism
begins you you investigate your
political opponents and you investigate
those in the media you pack the courts
on the side as well that's also going on
but like as much as this is conspiracy
theories this is a multi tweet and it's
it's not it's not the only time he's
done it but it's the latest attack
against people in the media who
criticized him and potentially with
governmental consequences he can
actually do something about Joe
Scarborough if he wants to but he
regularly attacks those who have the
gall to criticize him even
like criticisms some joe scarborough's
like john oliver ring him on a regular
basis look he just doesn't support him
anymore and that makes him a murderer
look guys
so this yes there's plenty of reasons to
impeach him already but the open
question a lot of people have a lot of
different opinions on that but if he
goes a part in any one that is part of
the investigation of him
so in pardoning Mike Flynn pardoning man
afford any of those guys he should be
immediately impeached if he impresses
any of his political opponents he should
be immediately impeached and if he
imprisons anyone in the media who he
perceives to be an opponent he should be
immediately impeached because if you
don't immediately impeach him you then
say it's okay it's okay
and then then Katie bar the door because
that means he can imprison anyone he
doesn't like and then we've lost our
democracy completely so as insane as
these tweets are against Scarborough it
are it is a very very serious matter we
cannot let this go any further if you
like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
