Matt Lauer wasn't the only media figure
who lost their job today over reports of
sexual misconduct we also have Minnesota
Public Radio as Garrison Keillor who
also had all business ties to that
organization severed earlier today this
is the creator and retired host of a
Prairie companion who hosted that show
for several decades I was not personally
did not know about this person but
apparently very high profile and he said
earlier today that he has been fired by
Minnesota Public Radio over allegations
of what the network called improper
behavior and eventually later on in the
day put out a statement about some
information earlier he had said that
this is a more interesting and
complicated situation that that than
they know that he had some sort of
private information well now we have a
little bit of that information he said
this I meant talking about one woman I
meant to Pat her back after she told me
about her unhappiness and her shirt was
open and my hand went up it about six
inches she recoiled I apologized
I sent her an email of apology later and
she replied that she had forgiven me and
not to think about it we were friends we
continued to be friendly right up until
her lawyer called and he continued
saying if I had a dollar for every woman
who asked to take a selfie with me and
who slipped an arm around me and let it
drift down below the Beltline I'd have
at least a hundred dollars so this is
poetic irony of a high order but I'm
just fine I had a good long run and I'm
grateful for it and for everything else
so impossible to know hey so the Matt
Lauer story that also came out today
seems fairly clear with the button under
the desk to lock the door when somebody
comes in and dropping his pants etc I
don't know if Garrison Keillor's telling
the whole truth there about just it was
an innocent pat on the back if he is
then I'm on his side but that's only one
side of a story and you know lawyers
will tell you the only thing worse than
no sides of a story is one side of a
story and so you we haven't heard out
the woman or women I don't know in this
case so it might be worse than that and
by the way yeah just because your ass
has been grabbed doesn't mean you're
allowed to grab other people's ass yes
weird logic yeah
think that yeah acceptable look I
understand what he's saying he's like
look I it's not like I went to prosecute
those hundred women who grabbed my ass
yes but that's your prerogative you
chose not to do that that doesn't mean
that you get to do it to others
exactly now timing-wise we don't know
for sure that this was the the thing
that spurred the accusations against him
but I believe two days ago he did
publish an article the article is Al
Franken should resign
that's absurd and one section I'm not
gonna read the entire thing you can find
it but one section of that opinion piece
reads on the flight home in a spirit of
low comedy Al ogled missed Whedon and
pretended his grabber and take a picture
was taken 11 years later a talk-show
hosts in LA she goes public in their
stock of resignation this is pure
absurdity and the atrocity it leads to
is a code of public deadliness no
kidding yes sir that's a strong take on
that mm-hm and it does appear these are
not causal things but very often some of
these men especially in media who have
been found to have engaged in sexual
misconduct will have spoken out against
women who make accusations in the past I
mean I believe I'm not gonna say
specifics but I believe there were some
other cases of that and this is
apparently one of them it could be that
they are feeling when they see these
accusations being made when they're
seeing careers being ended they start to
think back on their past and I wonder if
theoretically they could be the next one
no in this case he was whether he's
right that it was unjust for Franken and
himself or he's completely wrong and
they both did it a number of times in
the case of Franken I don't know if that
Ettore okay mout before after we found
out there were two three four women who
claimed yeah had other claims against
him including again grabbing their ass
etc and I so either I we can adjudicate
all these so I don't know I do know of
what appeared to be a more innocent time
of the the kind of times that did he
talked about at Prairie home but it
turns out those times were not more
innocent in a lot of ways
were more guilty we just didn't know
about it so now we do and and then he
reacts like ah damn it why are we going
on on this witch hunt yeah and I and and
some people will be wrongly accused and
it will be terrible and and if he was
complaining about that he'd be right but
if it turns out that he did do it and
now we know the franken did do it on
several occasions then it's not a
terrible thing it's it's a disinfectant
it's yeah it's a light that shows you
what was going on when we were
pretending that everything was fine back
in Prairie home if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
