there's a tool online where you if you
want to see what Trump's Twitter feed
looks like based on the people he
follows what is he seeing you can look
at that and it's it's a hall of insanity
but you can do that but people are
asking how is he even coming across
these conspiracy theory posts in the
first place yes I mean you saw that the
name of the woman one of the die
believing first which is a UK xenophobic
right-wing political party she back in a
few years ago was charged in the UK for
religious aggravated harassment so right
up his alley
but that party in one election got fifty
one votes it's not a big thing
yeah they spread stuff online but how is
he coming across in the first place and
then oddly enough I know there's gonna
be a weird thing but it just it's part
of a trend if we can skip to the last
graphic in this section twenty five
Britain first has a website where they
spread propaganda like this and recently
they deleted these pro-putin posts from
last year because of course for some
reason if you're a right-wing or even in
the UK you have to be like so pro-putin
now they're big fans of him until they
deleted the post to hide it no I
actually think there's a second
possibility so yeah these right-wingers
their fascist by nature and they look at
Putin they think wow that's a fascist
demigod keep Russia Russian what why do
you care if you're Britain first it was
becoming oddly Chilean over the past few
years I thought Britain first Russia
second what the what no there's some
chance know that they're financed by the
Russian government I don't know that for
a fact I'm just saying that is the
second possibility that and we know why
they're backing Trump and why they're
doing the anti-muslim propaganda because
they're financed by the Russian
government is that rocket it's a stable
I think ideologies run in parallel I
think I think there's a lot of that what
you said the bowing to Authority they
love the strongman they wish that they
could have a person in the UK look guys
your choice either Trump retweeted this
group that is pro fascist or paid off by
the Russian government
Jeb Paul oh and and that's I'm not
inducing on exaggerations this group
also does raids moss in Britain what the
hell's
mien and they do things called Christian
patrols so if the fascists were to take
over Britain obviously hopefully the - -
it'll never happen but if they were to
these guys would jump in and be like yes
time for fascism and Trump's like
wonderful can i what can i retweet for
you yeah and how did Trump even get to
this stuff to get to your question of
these insane anti-muslim videos from
this tiny little group so two
possibilities there
one is Stephen Miller or C Bannon or
like hey Donald oh you're gonna love
this anti-muslim bigotry let's write it
everywhere right which is not stag rate
scenario and or the second scenarios
Donald we would like you to retweet
something we fund and Britain was that I
mean that you nailed the accent but I'm
not sure that's what's going on but you
never know oh and one final thing on
this so we report a recent of the past
few weeks there's been some new
statistics on hate crimes over the past
year or two and both anti-muslim and
anti-semitic crimes are skyrocketing
both during his run but also since he
became president and so like that the
people who will say that these tweets
don't matter that you know it's it's a
distraction we should purely be focused
on something else like they don't
realize that this does have a cost it's
a cost in blood in some cases people
being killed in our own country because
of hatred against Muslims and against
Jews it's people who live terrorized
because their Jewish Community Center
has had ten bomb threats over the past
year and things like that these are
people's lives who are literally being
destroyed or in some cases ended and
they're being antagonized they're being
led by the President on this issue watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network com slash join
