you wrote that trumpism is a cult of as
a cult so how does that connect to this
and what do you mean by it
well let me be clear when I use the word
cult I use it in its pejorative sense
for you yeah I mean you know as scholars
we try not to use the word cult because
you know it's a it's a value judgment
word you know it's like your religion is
a cult and my religion is a religion and
you guys yes I never get tired of saying
cult plus time equals religion yes yes
so in this case you in this case if I
mean it really specifically in the terms
that it's been used in the pejorative
sense by by which I mean a an insulated
group of individuals in thrall to a
charismatic leader to whom they have
given divine status prophetic status and
that is definitely what has happened
among a large swath of white
evangelicals when it comes to trump
let's back up and just make sure we're
on the same page here 81% of white
evangelicals voted for Donald Trump in
this last election that's a record
that's more white evangelicals than
voted for george w bush and he was a
white evangelical to this day trump has
the lowest approval ratings of any
president in modern history his his
presidency is deteriorating before our
very eyes
he has lost support in almost every
single category except white
evangelicals to this day still
three-quarters of white evangelicals
strongly support him and among those
three quarters according to the PRI this
is the Public Religion Research
Institute among those three quarters of
white evangelicals support for him is
highest among those who go to church at
least once a week so the more
religiously devout evangelical you are
white evangelical the more likely you
are to support a lying lecherous greedy
sexist racist narcissistic sociopath
whose entire worldview makes a mockery
of Christianity makes a mockery of basic
Christian tenants like humility
empathy and care for the poor and
scholars like myself have been just
racking our brains trying to figure this
out because it makes no sense these are
after all the people who call themselves
value voters right this is this is the
moral majority as they like to refer to
themselves so why why why there's a
couple of reasons number one you've
noticed I keep saying white evangelical
white evangelicals 67 percent of
evangelicals of color actually supported
Hillary Clinton so these are people who
believe the same thing but who just have
a different skin tone so let's not
forget that race has something to do
with it but the one figure that I think
is impossible for us to really
understand again prr I did this research
white evangelicals in the span of a
single election cycle in other words
going from Barack Obama to Donald Trump
they went from being the group in
America that was most likely to say that
public morality in a politician matters
to now the group that is least likely to
say that atheists in America say public
morality in a politician matters more
than white evangelicals who call
themselves value voters there is only
one real explanation for this and that
it's in the same way that Trump has
transformed the Republican Party has
really hijacked the Republican Party he
has transformed white evangelicals into
a large swath of white evangelicals into
his own personal cult
