it is holiday season at the White House
Melania Trump was taking people around
on a on a tour of the Christmas and
Hanukkah decorations and unveiled
Judy Kurtz came around a corner and saw
this happening she's a journalist watch
this video please
what's happening what's happening to
America well like that's crazy that
happens every year there's always like
the first lady has to decorate the home
out standing there like a Stepford wife
would she have one is there any way
Melania can win in that situation I
think Melania is a political prisoner we
should free her immediately really it's
a cry for help that's clearly she's from
Eastern Europe they love ballet in
Eastern Europe
yeah she's but I'm mad just need to free
her the image of what's going on like
what's happening in her head during that
dance number it's like if I could just
imagine the Curb Your Enthusiasm ending
music just saying she's zooms in on her
face you know doesn't people says it's
unclear if the Badgers were a surprise
for the first lady or a planned affair
but she didn't look particularly
overjoyed she didn't it's it's amazing
yeah she also it's weird that the first
lady has to decorate every is like in
charge of decorating of course she
doesn't really do a lot of that stuff
but but I does that mean that you know
some say it's sexist that the first lady
has to do but would Clinton Bill Clinton
have had to do this I would have loved
to see that well what do you have been
kicked out of the White House after all
these sections this is there's a tweet
that went out that there are also other
decorations on this tour so when I
followed what is her name let's look
look at it this is that's okay yeah
that's like a looks like The Nightmare
Before Christmas so this is just whack
points out showing the clam shell from
Ivanka Trump that was terrifying the
design aesthetic of the Trump women is
the rotting void inside us as I'm saying
it's a cry for help they're clearly
saying like get us out of here they're
like sending Morse code with their with
their eyelids I can't I just can't get
over that video
how strange everything is yeah it's
weird we live in the strange time we
live in a very strange I don't like any
performance just for one person either I
don't like I don't like people singing
to me right birthday I dated a girl who
said when she said we didn't get married
but she would like if we got married
that issue so she had a nice voice and
she was like she'd sung in college she's
like oh I'm gonna sing to you at our
wedding I was like that is a that's a
non-starter Marilyn Monroe for Jack
Kennedy saying happy birthday yeah
would have been I would have found that
incredibly awkward I wouldn't have known
where to look right yeah yeah I just the
idea that the the looks on the faces of
the dancers when they turn around and
face the camera of just like this very
big smile it's terrifying she does look
like she's one of the kids from the
shining standing yeah like and in her
mind she's just thinking you guys see
them too right if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
