so Donald Trump yesterday appeared
before it was in an event to honor
Navajo War veterans these are the code
talkers who invented an entirely who
were fluent in Navajo and fluent in
English and then invented an entirely
new language to be able to send codes to
say there was an obit at Charles Pierce
great piece in Esquire
according from an obit from a couple
years ago of a Navajo code talker who
died at 93 and 2015 and the codes like
so just you're clear about what these
codes were his code was Japanese enemy
machine gun to your right take it out
destroy right and so you know what they
did they heard that the Japanese
couldn't break that code and then they
took it out and destroyed it and won a
battle like that's that's what these
guys did that's what they did this guy
the New York Times obit that Charles
Pierce was quoting from was not allowed
to vote when he went to get his identity
card that Native Americans in New Mexico
were required to carry with him they had
to have identification with him and show
identification told him that he was not
a full of American citizen again
couldn't vote for years and even though
as he thought to sign up for the Marines
when a recruiter came he thought what
why am i you know why would I do this
after the way that governments treated
my people and they thought now you know
what this is this might be the last
meaningful chance I have to serve my
country so we did so Donald Trump takes
that opportunity to make his Pocahontas
joke at an event to honor that Navajo
War veterans at the White House the
reaction was pretty much universal they
were dumbfounded that Trump would use
this event to take a political jab at ad
Elizabeth Warren the reason that he's
taking these political jabs at Elizabeth
Warren is because I think very clearly
the the White House sees Elizabeth
Warren as a threat and they want to undo
her significant contribution to
rebounding from the financial crisis the
Consumer Financial Protection Board
that's hers it's worked many people
consider it the strongest federal action
taken after the financial crisis as I
mentioned before stronger than
dodd-frank and they want to kill her
significant piece of legislation the
battle very quickly that has been
up there if the director resigned and he
named a career employee there to take
over and Donald Trump because there was
a vacancy at a federal agency or a
federal staffing position named Mick
Mulvaney his budget director who got
personal
the guy has a job right so his job would
be do nothing protect nothing that's
what that's what they'll do so that's in
court right now of which guy's gonna
lead that so but anyway the reaction to
that was that I believe Trump's
motivation for making the pocahontas
joke at Elizabeth Warren's by the way
the joke that has no resonance
whatsoever so here was the reaction
around town to that first of all from
Sarah Huckabee Sanders let's take a
graphic eight here White House
spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders asked
about criticism of Trump's remarks said
a racial slur was certainly not the
president's intent she said going on
here I think what most people find
offensive is Senator Warren lying about
her heritage to advance her career
that's not what's happened that's what
that story has been debunked a thousand
times Megan McCain for example who
should really not be carrying the
administration's water on anything she
went on the view this morning and said
that that Senator Warren used her Native
American heritage which she'd been told
about all her life that she used it to
get into Harvard Law School she taught
in Harvard Law School do you know where
where senator Warren went to law school
where did she go to law school she went
to Rutgers the Newark campus oh wow so
I'm not I'm not trying to make fun of
the Rutgers who I am a little the
Rutgers Newark campus no but I'm saying
she's not trying to make fun of Newark
New Jersey but it sucks they're right
but she was gonna get in there and she
didn't by the way that you sit there it
was merely listed uh in her Harvard
professorial bias by oh that's it you
Giardia right success can really succeed
anymore that's it uh so uh and so but
the course Megan McCain got the
information wrong and Senator and
Sarah had to be Sanders suggesting that
that what most people find offensive is
Warren lying about her heritage know
what most people find offensive is that
is the president calling senator Warren
Pocahontas period and then augmented by
the fact that he did it
in in front of these Navajo Nation War
veterans so to continue the story a
little bit
ABC got involved in the person of
Jonathan Karl ABC News White House
correspondent he said why did he mean
the president feel the need to say
something that is offensive to many
people while honoring the Navajo code
talkers these genuine American heroes
couple things leap to put that back up
for one second I just I mean I got it I
know these guys are out there and we've
seen some great journalism but it should
be offensive to everyone and it doesn't
matter whether it's offensive what
matters is that it's it's hideous and
it's inappropriate and it's
unpresidential and it's cruel and it's
petty and and of course you by using and
by referring to a Elizabeth Warren has
polka houses of course that's gonna be
offensive to these guys not that even
the way Jonathan Karl and I don't mean
to single him out I really don't but
even that has a way of making it seem
like boy those Navajo code talkers those
guys sure are touchy like get over it
fellas right I beg yet I feel with
stories like that when people say and
write those it's you are caught in a
very difficult position between the
president tearing down every line of
formality that's ever been set forth and
then your respect for the kind of way
that a journalist who is a ABC News
correspondent writes and it's just this
is how I write I agree I don't mean to
Karl Jonathan Karl they're in an
impossible situation but it again it has
the effective to me I read that and I'm
like oh these you know like toughen up
Navajo code talkers when literally the
history is proven they're the toughest
it's just such a transparent was like
there's an Indian she said an Indian
thing I'm gonna do the Indian thing and
then do this reach out put my hand I
like but I love you guy and I'm right
prop yeah it's a window into his mine
and again his inability to understand
the gravity or seriousness of any moment
ever ever ever ever and I think to your
point about the state
and it's just stupid right so we don't
even have to go down the line of the
racial slur argument to talk about the
inappropriateness of even mentioning it
even using the moment to insult another
senator I think it's just ridiculous
because then we get into you the issue
with sarah huckabee Sanders saying well
you know we're it's not a racial slur
right we have that argument we have the
argument about what other people find
offensive and now it's a debate about
what people find offense right that's
right that's when that's really what I
use everybody says things better than I
do thank you so uh so now we get a
response to Jonathan Karl's tweet from
Eric Trump who is the other son
the irony says Eric Trump in a tweet of
an ABC reporter parenthesis whose parent
company Disney has profited nearly half
a billion dollars on the movie polka
honest inferring that the name is
quote-unquote offensive is truly
staggering to me I saw to eat today a
camera who was from an I'm sorry not to
give them credit that it's becoming
really hard to tell who the dumbest
Trump's ah-ha-ha-ha that the competition
between Eric and Donald Jr is really
really intense and I think it's gonna go
down to the wire
I think pocahontas a bad movie I tried
to rewatch Pocahontas and like they
should kind of be ashamed it was a very
like Dances with Wolves era Native
Americans are magic people and
grandmother willow can like magically
touch you and now you'd like speak the
same language it is a paint with all the
colors of the wind
it's very touchy-feely weird mid-90s
feel good re but um okay just keep bear
in mind I don't know I neither I neither
agree nor disagree but it's a reasonable
point but it is from an industry that
you know for the first forty years that
it was in serious business in a big
profitable money-making business
portrayed just ninety seven percent of
every Native American as a as a
dangerous warrior looking to sleep right
throat so yeah maybe a little too much
simplification and but like over the
compensation
feel like they've come a long way yes
that's the thing is if they are not cut
caught in the same place there is a
video circulating right now of Donald
Trump asking why that certain people are
given licenses by the government to have
Native American gaming casinos and his
quote is they don't look like Indians to
me they don't look like Indians to me
this video and that video of that and
then there's video of this whereas like
you have a further dev of there will be
no dev Indians he hasn't come isn't gone
anywhere he's stuck in nineteen forty
movies and then it's yeah and this tweet
doesn't make any sense like it's non
sequitur like why are we talking about
the movie Pocahontas because Pakistan
pogon is a real person like why are we
talking about the movie Pocahontas and
Pocahontas can be a shitty movie and
this can be a shitty statement like well
things can be true it's still
inappropriate yeah you know who was
called Pocahontas in the movie polka hi
Pocahontas yeah you know with the parent
company joke really get them and coming
from you it's like all right sweetie
back at him like it's all about usage
like you can use the word Pocahontas as
like the name of a person and as a slur
and like the usage and content is what
matters like I could say love Trump's
hate and that's not a slur but I could
say you're acting like a real trump and
that is a slur very nice that's right if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now
ey tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks o every day
