the United States is not respected
anymore because of our leadership other
countries are laughing at us Trump said
that about Obama seven years ago back in
2011 but now he's the president today I
stand before the United Nations General
Assembly to share the extraordinary
progress we've made in less than two
years my administration has accomplished
more than almost any Administration in
the history of our country
America's so true
yes siree in front of the United Nations
General Assembly Donald Trump was
laughed at by every single world leader
for repeating the same old tired lies
he's repeated in front of thousands of
Christmas hams who survived divorce
court because this is normally what
happens when Trump is surrounded by mega
horns and everything is being made in
the USA job but this is probably why he
was taken aback by the world leaders
reaction didn't expect that reaction but
that's okay and look if you're a
conservative grandpa you probably didn't
see this video because FoxNews
deceptively edited off their records
they used the parts before the laughter
and after the flub now you might be
thinking why Hasan why would they do
that well I don't know maybe it has
something to do with the fact that Trump
has been campaigning on the idea that
Obama was a laughingstock of the entire
world our narrative Fox News basically
developed for the past eight years maybe
that has something to do with it our
president is once again making America
the laughingstock of the world when the
American president is a laughingstock
we've seen that once before with Jimmy
Carter and it is not good for America is
not good for the world we're not
respected anywhere in the world we're
not respected anywhere in the world was
he light his personal report card drew
an unusual response let's start with the
laughter of the world leaders when Trump
talked about boasted about his
accomplishments of the last two years
out front tonight the world laughs at
President Trump if you think that Trump
is the actual laughingstock of the world
who hasn't accomplished anything that
will yield positive outcomes for the
American people please share this video
especially with your conservative family
members who haven't seen it yet and
leave your thoughts in the comments
section below also I'm live on Twitch
every day for longer conversations go to
twitch.tv slash Hasan avi and please
join tu IT membership to support us at
TYT comm / join and this has been the
breakdown I hate myself
did you know that toi D network is now
available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube
be today all new subscribers get a 7-day
free trial so head on over to YouTube TV
and search for the TYT Network channel
