dozens of police departments are sinky
seeking expanded powers to check
people's immigration status this is very
important there's a program called 287g
that essentially allows local police
departments to get their police officers
deputized to perform certain functions
that typically are in chart or what Isis
in charge of the you know customs and
immigration and so they have offered
this program to certain police
departments 29 is signed up 38 more are
interested in signing up what kind of
people are signing up so according to
Reuters analysis the police department's
the joinder expressed interest in
joining oversee small populations
typically fewer than 100,000 residents
with small immigrant populations police
departments in places like New York and
Los Angeles which have larger
populations of thus far limited federal
cooperation and promises to defied
Trump's executive orders to increase the
number of detentions and deportations of
immigrant populations so essentially the
you sign up for this program you get
deputized to kind of essentially
promised to check the background of any
person that you suspect of being a you
know undocumented immigrant but there's
another incentive built into this
program that would kind of incentivize
these local police departments to sign
up for it the town stands to make money
if it signs a separate contract with ice
to house immigrant detainees a payment
that comes per detainee per day as of
April 27 about one third of the
ninety-eight jurisdictions that have
existing agreements or have expressed
interest in them house people on behalf
of ice
according to Reuters so what do you you
guys have a problem with that this is
essentially this yes yeah of course any
sane person first of all it was a good
it was a good conversation starter
question wise it was it was so stable
self-five I say this every time a story
comes up with ice you can't have a law
enforcement agency designed solely to
have a cool name I guarantee you they
worked backwards for my
yeah I guarantee it like what do we
called ice how to make that fit like
where did that be my immigration Customs
Enforcement yes yes again cuz you feel
like a badass you're not supposed to
feel like a bad guy supposed to feel
like you're in law enforcement right and
then you're supposed to enforce the law
so I don't like a cool name for law
enforcement I don't think it's I don't I
don't think they're I guess I think that
SWAT team though
SWAT only became cool in retrospect like
when they came up with swamis it didn't
sound cool until the show started less
huh bull s do you think so I think so
you came up with swats because you
wanted to be like the SWAT team I don't
know it's not as it's not as badass
instinctively as ice okay so let's leave
that part out so you're now gonna
financially incentivize law enforcement
to detain people it's pretty easy for
any crime pretty easy to see why you'd
pull over a dark looking person for
jaywalking for you know slow rolling
through a stop sign when nobody else was
around the kind of stuff that people
apps every day the cops looked the other
way on every day but here's an
opportunity oh my god Running Man I now
have this in I now this enhanced federal
power to check their immigration status
and detain them and then deport them or
start a deportation process and I'm
gonna get financially rewarded for that
that's criminal that's horrible I also
hope that there is a that many on the
right are suitably outreach outraged at
this overreach of federal authority
given to the states I'm sure they're not
but if they're true to what they believe
in then they would be yeah this has been
shut down already in certain
jurisdictions to give you an idea of
what has happened as a result of giving
people an incentive to check people's an
immigration background they have shut
these down largely on racial grounds
according to the US Department of
Justice they shut down the program in
Arizona's Maricopa County there's a
familiar name here if Joe share yep in
20 2011 after it found that the
department engage in discriminatory
discriminatory policing practices which
abuse
rights of Latinos essentially telling
them like listen you guys you have to
sign this so we have to send you back as
opposed to not signing it and allowing
the process to go forward where it could
be looked into that they might have a
right to be released guys given one
pardon right well yeah and it's Joe I
don't know if it's one but he's the one
that I've heard about is Joe and then
another one is the Department of Justice
also terminated the program in all montz
County I don't know if I'm saying that
right North Carolina after finding the
police the police department quote
routinely discriminates against and
targets Latinos the Allman's County
Sheriff's Office where the sheriff once
ordered his deputies to quote bring me
some Mexicans is once again seeking to
rejoin the federal program as of
November according weekly so they they
want back in what you know if you just
if that if that's the quote just changes
slightly
instead of bring me some Mexicans to
bring me some Mexican food right then
like I'll go to Alma's County and I'll
eat Mexican food with the sheriff it
sounds fantastic right but no instead
what it is clear is that there's no
getting around it anyone who says the
phrase in a law enforcement position
bring me some Mexicans that's racist
there's no there's no sir my wrong is
there a soft interpretation of that I
like being too harsh I don't think I
mean I think mass incarceration is an
industry right like this is obviously
going to bolster private prisons which
is something that Jeff Sessions wanted
like in the first couple months out
right kind of ending programs that were
ending the expansion of private prisons
this is gonna bolster that and I think
you're gonna get racial profiling any
time it's happening the enrollment is
proliferating in these in these places
where the demographic of immigrants is
not high right so places like Los
Angeles in New York all of this stuff is
getting shut down but it's in these
small spaces and you see cities towns
where people are racist it just also
feels like they've been painted in this
I this the this picture of their town as
this thing that's getting overrun
illegal immigrants really statics would
say no I mean rural areas in
undocumented immigrants like hey I mean
I guess maybe but I'm sure their places
in the country where it's a problem but
overall the percentage of time that we
spend talking about this issue it is
massively massively overshadows the
actual level of problem that this is I
am sure I don't mean to minimize there
are towns where people actually have
lost jobs to undocumented immigrants I'm
sure it's happened somewhere it is not a
crisis in the United States of America
in any way and it's obvious what you
think cops anywhere gonna be like Brett
and I are crossing the street and we
jaywalk and they're gonna be like check
see if those fellows are from Quebec
right we're gonna we're gonna run them
back to the great white north is never
gonna happen we know how this is gonna
go down we know exactly how this is
gonna go down as evidenced by what
already has happened in Maricopa County
in Alamance County in North Carolina if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
