one of the senators who may be against
it it's hard to tell it's hard to pin
him down as a Republican senator bob
Corker bob corker of course now a
outspoken critic of the trump
administration he is not running for
reelection in tennessee and he is the
architect the not sole architect of a
new bill that would what is the word
they're using this gak stop when they're
trying they're trying to do the back
stop thing would be a backstop if the
current tax bill does not meet the
exaggerated magical growth that they say
it will so it's funny but again it's
more theatrics it's it's it's an
acknowledgement to me from bob Corker
although he won't just say it hey man
you know it's not going to right because
you're you've you've made it clear to us
that while you're wrong on every issue
you're not a moron
right and so he knows and so now he has
come up with this plan he says with this
backs not that way you're in a situation
where you're not creating different
deficits should the projections laid out
not turn out to be real I will take that
first graphic graphic for here for more
of bob Corker the change no this is from
alice all Olsteen from Talking Points
Memo that yeah the change that they're
seeking would create a backstop or
trigger mechanism to undo some of the
deepest tax cuts in the bill after
several years if that magic economic
growth doesn't materialize but again a
reminder there that it's several years
down the road that they would still let
this play out before this would kick in
and they haven't said what day what year
how much is it in point four percent
growth you know every year after year
year over year compounded or is it like
well in ten years if you know we reach
the expiration date of some of these tax
cuts that it doesn't work well then
we'll let the tax cuts expire well then
taxes right which yeah yeah so there's a
lot you can put in there depending on
how you think the government's gonna go
if you're gonna put in there be like
alright it's gonna take us at least 12
years to rebuild the public the
Republican Party we are five six years
we're gonna put it on the Democrats if
they do end up winning the house will
put triggers in there so that suddenly
it's on them and they're going to have
to raise taxes to give us a reason
and something to rally around in any bid
term election that could happen along
the way so then they should again and so
then when that time comes just raise
taxes say it mean it explain why
let's get here's what corker says this
is a graphic five we've been working
throughout the entire Thanksgiving break
I'm certain that's not Senate working
closely with the administration and some
members of the Finance Committee to
design a trigger or a backstop in the
event the revenues are not there there's
a way to recoup them as we were saying
so then we go back to talking points
memo and Alex and Alice uh Olsteen who
says corker wouldn't say as Brett was
getting at corker wouldn't say exactly
what tax cuts the trigger would undo or
when it would kick in both of those seem
like significant parts of I don't know a
piece of congressional legislation that
maybe you'd want to get to him though he
did suggest there could be multiple
triggers in the ten years after the bill
becomes law so a decade from now when
the magical growth hasn't occurred in
any of the ten years there might be
something there let's get the final a
little bit here from Alice Olsteen
reports by independent groups including
the Tax Policy Center have found that
even with the predicted economic growth
the tax bill would still balloon the
deficit by more than 1.2 trillion
dollars enough to trigger deep automatic
cuts to Medicare and other federal
programs if Congress doesn't vote to
waive its own budget rules again a
reminder of so the Republicans there
this is a win win either they get the
magical growth and they're heroes they
cut taxes it's never done that it won't
do it here right or that happens and
then it triggers automatic cuts to
Medicare and other federal programs that
they're very comfortable cutting and
always want to cut but don't are most of
them uncomfortable except for a few
members of the Tea Party coming out and
saying no no we'd like to cut this we
don't want this we do we there are
privatize we don't want any part of it
we don't think this is the government's
this is the federal government's job
this is always what they want this is
why this whole debate is so dishonest
yeah and it they also get to paint the
Democrats as people who are really
hoping the gut the economy doesn't grow
you know you guys are really hoping so
we can repeal these taxes so we can
raise taxes on people and you guys are
just chomping at the bit that the
economy
doesn't grow another way to characterize
these backstops also is it's a timer
it's a timer on trickle-down economics
and I hate to break it to these guys but
that timers been running since the 80s
and and when is enough enough god I feel
like a broken record um but that's
that's what they're they're getting at
again I'm struck by the dishonesty and
the and ultimately that and because the
Republicans have figured out how to play
the media in the difficulty that the
mainstream press always has in calling
lies lies and calling deceit deceit or
calling what we know this is what they
want they don't they're not interested
if those if those government programs
fail they want deep cuts in Medicare for
a while they made it clear but that
backfired so Bret I agree that they'd
like to paint the Democrats as
anti-growth but mostly what they want to
paint the Democrats as as not interested
in the things that you not you but the
voters that they're talking to are
interested in that these are a lot of
people who want to live off the
government teat these are minorities
these are poor people these are people
who are draining us who are dragging us
down slowly and that ultimately you know
you're either gonna stand with them
that's who the Democrats want they just
want to arm you know well they actually
the Republicans would like the army but
they want to let a legals flood into the
country and then and then I that's why I
think that's in this tweet too they want
to let illegals flood into this country
and drain our system and that's who
Democratic voters are and that's who
their constituents I think the growth
number is too general a number because
the Republicans when they pitch this new
economic plan they're saying that
certain things will happen to trigger
growth why don't we make the triggers
you know the backstop dependent on those
things they say will happen like they
say the corporate tax rate is too high
in America let's lower the corporate tax
rate which will bring in all this money
that's being offshored why don't we put
a repatriation mandate trigger
why don't we mandate that these
companies come back and they if that's
their logic if that doesn't happen over
a certain time why is that not the
trigger as opposed to this idea of GDP
growth or whatever they're looking
which can be dependent on so many
different factors the ID I mean the main
one of the main arguments against this
is that you're trying to lower the
corporate tax rate and that will cause a
you know since companies have so much
more money that they'll pour it back
into the economy but if you look at
those giant corporations small
businesses I've seen a small business is
more likely to take a penny saved and
move it into in right and invest it back
in the company every dollar the Young
Turks are made they put it back again
put it right back yeah which is why I am
terrified for its financial solvency
every single a couple of other things
that Senator John Kennedy there
shouldn't there should be a rule you
can't you can't have a senator named
John Kennedy yeah that's true Senator
John number forty Jackie Robinson's
number forty-two it's been retired
across major league baseball John
Kennedy been retired and you have a
middle name Prosecco
let's say his middle name is Bobby Kyle
so he says it will pay for itself I
would not vote for this bill if I
thought it was gonna increase the
deficit I mean so again that gets to
rate what do we think that is a breeze
that is that deceit or ignorance we
don't I don't we don't believe you and I
think that's what a lot of these
Republican senators have said like well
I you know if I didn't believe in this I
wouldn't do it give us a CBO score ya
know there's some hearings let let's let
the professionals tell us what this bill
is about and you're rushing it
and we don't care that you're working
through Thanksgiving you wouldn't have
to if you weren't trying to rush this
bill this crappy bill to get it to pass
so I don't care about your personal
feelings I'd like some evidence to prove
that this bill really is as bad as we
know it is the another thing along to
that point both the James Lankford
republican of oklahoma and jerry moran
republican of kansas they both brought
up the fiscal disaster in kansas led by
governor sam brownback there that
resulted from a sylvia passive tax cuts
and then and it's weird that what
happened in kids is they cut taxes by
was bunny and then the
of Kansas it didn't have any money no
one could have seen that in a similar
move I stopped putting gas in my car and
then it and then all the sudden I was
trying to get somewhere
I couldn't it wouldn't go it would not
go so they both say that results from a
slew of massive tax cuts is a cautionary
tale that should not be repeated on the
federal level
well then dudes then don't repeat it
yeah then don't repeat if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm slash join and once you do you'll
be saying you know I'm like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
