hearing Tuesday night that's when we
tape this show US District Court Judge
Tim Kelly ruled that he will not issue
an emergency order blocking the
appointment of Mick Mulvaney to run the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
this was the fight after Richard Cordray
left to run for governor of Ohio I think
that's what a that's what I read and a
named a a successor which under
dodd-frank was the the proper mechanism
Trump is an effort to crush the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau the only
silver lining from Trump's desire to
crush the bureau other than obviously it
you know it protects consumers so he's
not into it because there's an
opportunity for banks to make a little
bit more money and is that Mick Mulvaney
will so he'll undermine that what's it
like Brett it's like putting Cruella de
Vil in charge of PETA that's right thank
you brett erlich Latian joe you want the
suit or the debt or the dalmatian lobby
sorry I don't think we know Kennel Club
I don't want to see that taken out in
editing either because I want to teach
you what less so so yeah but Mick
Mulvaney will completely undermine
everything the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau does that mean
everyone should again understand that
he's there to destroy that agency the
only silver lining is that it's
important to the administration to
undermine Elizabeth Warren an indication
that Elizabeth Warren has some power and
that she was very much on their radar I
heard earlier today before Judge Kelley
issued that order or refused to issue
that order that either way this decision
was going to be appealed so in the
meantime though I imagine that there's
not an order in Mick Mulvaney will he'll
be there first thing in the morning
Wednesday I've never wanted to work
someplace more then I want to work at
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
right now having two bosses oh yeah
believing utterly different approaches
to the company right like they were like
you know Mulvaney brought doughnuts is
literally what happened he gave
everybody doughnuts and then
English was like oh thank you all for
working with me and it's just awkward
yeah you know Mulvaney's like hey
congratulations to an employee of the
month
Ambria allen you get the great parking
space and then the woman that court
retained was like oh great I'm
congratulating employee of the month
brett erlich and the both you guys are
like running to your cars trying to get
there first it's like the office when
Michael and Jim right yes today and
Michael is a big picture it's like no it
always works that's why we have two
presidents I believe what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
