when people say they hate politics right
mostly that's a cop-out to not
understand what politics is about
because if you're interested in sort of
exciting debate about things that affect
the world you know that has the that has
aspects of a horse race sometimes that
has a competitive nature which I think
most people like you would love politics
right it's a but here we're about to get
into just sort of nonsense that we know
will ultimately resolve itself in some
way with a meeting or not a meeting but
here's a story about a non meeting with
both sides trying to spin it what we're
looking at here is a possibility that
the government will shut down I think by
the end of next week is that correct
yeah so we need a meeting an agreement
we need to come up with at least a
temporary funding mechanism to keep the
government going on the theory that
we're not going to get a big budget
passed at a big funding mechanism but in
this case Trump tweeted this morning the
following this would be the Trump tweet
meeting with Chuck and Nancy which he
put in quotes as if to suggest that
their names are not Chuck and Nancy but
those are their name normally when you
credit someone together you have to use
an ampersand that is that is for the
ssag rule it's word the Trump not
following Union rules
meeting with Chuck and Nancy otherwise
known as Chuck and Nancy today about
keeping government open and working
problem is they want illegal immigrants
flooding into our country unchecked our
week on crime and want a substantially
super-loud raise taxes oh sorry raise
taxes right you must you must emphasize
raise more for don't under raise taxes I
don't know deal so I get I mean you know
if if this were the first tweet that he
had sent in this manner it that would be
shocking I mean it's so it's wrong it is
insulting it's degrading it is wildly
misleading is if government policy and
and and Schumer are advocating a new
policy of allowing illegal immigrants to
flood into the country
they don't want to raise taxes I wish
they did I wish they were advocating a
plan to raise taxes to at least at a
bare minimum restore taxes to the
thriving 90s level of the Clinton
administration but not what they want to
do is prevent you from cutting taxes
which is the problem always when one
party advocates cutting taxes is it then
if you're against it you're against
something that in general without
attaching it to anything every American
wants everybody wants their taxes lower
you were talking about the people being
able to wrap their mind around politics
and saying like I hate politicians as a
cop-out for that there are things when I
look at this interaction between the two
that I can wrap my mind around I can
wrap my mind around Trump wanting to go
into a meeting with Chuck and Nancy and
after his previous meeting with Chuck
and Nancy which seemed like he was
abandoning the Republicans right and
he's now in this weird position he's
managed to alienate the his base at
times by endorsing Luthor strange and
you know he's been able to alienate the
establishment Republicans by going into
a meeting with Chuck Atlanta Nancy it
seems like he probably was most recently
in a room with someone from the
Republican establishment and wanted to
alienate these two the other thing I can
think of is he's trying to find any and
all reason to paint this well if his tax
proposal doesn't go through that's right
that's right he wants to blame them yeah
great I think this is kind of postured
as a corrective to their previous
meeting which you know he received a lot
of backlash from his base and kind of
also contributing to this narrative that
they're obstructionist right so then we
move away from this meeting which is
about the budget right - all of these
other issues about raising taxes and
being tough on crime right so it's a
complete distraction that you know
panders to the base and again paints the
picture that Dems are being
obstructionist deafening obstructionist
is a great notion because of course they
remind the president that he has a
majority in both houses so the fact that
he has passed zero pieces of legislation
is on the obstructionist Republicans who
are actually obstructionist in this in
many cases stuff too
pass for the right reasons but in
general that is a party
caused by people who want to not pass
legislation because they don't think
government should do much they want a
small limited government so so painting
the Republic the Democrats this
obstructionist is rich what's also
interesting about that we're not
interesting about it what is typical
about it is that it's Trump at is that
his most Trump II like what he thinks is
this is what he I imagine this is the
sort of thing pre Twitter and pre
presidency that he would do when he
because he fancies himself a skilled
negotiator right so you sort of belittle
the other side so they come in defensive
and have to give you what you want
again one reason 1186 of how he does not
understand the job it has so anyway the
response you know I've now talked myself
into approving of Chuck Schumer's
response a little bit it's still lame
it's still lame but I get it if
somebody's going to send a tweet about
that in the morning not going to the
meeting is the right thing to do here is
a Chuck Schumer's response to Donald
Trump's tweet we had hoped to make
progress with the administration on
these issues in a meeting this afternoon
unfortunately this morning instead of
leading the president tweeted a
blatantly inaccurate statement and then
concluded I don't see a deal the
president said I don't see a deal three
hours before our meeting before he heard
anything we had to say given that the
president doesn't see a deal between
Democrats in the White House leader
Pelosi and I believe the best path
forward is to continue negotiating with
our Republican counterparts in Congress
instead rather than going to the White
House for a show meeting that won't
result in an agreement from a president
who doesn't see a deal we've asked
leader McConnell and Speaker Ryan to
meet with us this afternoon
if the president who already earlier
this year said quote our country needs a
good shutdown if the president isn't
interested in addressing the difficult
year agenda and wants to make the
government shutdown
we'll work with those Republicans who
are interested in funding the government
as we did in April that was great
I don't know man I want to get out of my
chair and just cheer hahaha you did want
to get out of your chair and cheer a
cadence look but it's more than just the
kids you did want to get out of your
chair and cheer a Kate you don't have to
look down every word like you've got it
and so the problem is is that you know
he says Trump's lying and Trump of
course is not there all that they are
both lying because that they're all just
for show
so you want a little you want moments
that at least seem like reality and that
maybe even give you a reality which
would be Schumer saying and I don't
understand why politics doesn't quite
work this way
why Schumer goes use the Trump's tweet
meeting with Chuck a Nancy today about
keeping government open working problem
is they want illegal immigrants plenty
of our country uncheck weak on crime
substantially raise taxes why would I
meet with a clown who said that well why
would I listen to that and then go into
a meeting with him is the president
wants a serious meeting he knows where
we are we can have a meeting but I'm not
going in like that but I wouldn't let
Nancy Pelosi go I wouldn't I would
advise Nancy Pelosi not to go in either
it's this sort of it's this stock
response about going for a show meeting
well it's a show meeting and you're also
giving a show statement about the show
meaning it's all for show you disagree
yeah well I think that Trump has a way
of setting up issues in a way that it's
almost impossible to have the right
response because I think that response
would similarly look ridiculous why
would that look ridiculous it's oh it's
so honestly why would I go to a meeting
with a guy was we're prepared to go into
this meeting and he sends a tweet saying
there's no deal done and he
mischaracterizes what we believe that's
that guy okay what he says he says he
sent out this tweet it's ridiculous
therefore it's a waste of time this is
real quick Rob sorry so this is style
over substance I think that little
speech by Chuck Schumer sends a message
of inauthenticity to America and makes
it very easy for people to say the thing
that bothers me most that bothered me
from the left in the program
the previous election that we had it was
in November of last year that Amen there
they're just the same like I hate that
stuff I hate it I hate it with a passion
and I want and I and I think that people
who have an audience are duty-bound to
inform and not sort of and not encourage
that manner of thinking but it's hard to
do when that went chucks you to me when
Chuck Schumer gives you Chuck Schumer is
also a grandfather and I I think he has
handled a tantrum before and I would
like to see him channel that easily you
think that's easy to wrap your head
around which is a grandfather handling a
child who's having a tantrum which is if
Chuck Schumer just says are you done you
wanted me to come in and I thought we
were gonna have a conversation yeah what
was that style like I'm like are you
done maybe that's better but like but it
feels what Chuck Schumer liked it in all
of these clowns is that they have it
feels like you're designing a super heat
like your character and like a Dungeons
& Dragons type game where you have only
so many points to assign skill wise and
you have like with Trump his
communication skill is like through the
roof his ability to like get his message
through the din is through the roof but
his intelligence is way down here Chuck
Schumer it's like he needs to dial up
that communication lever to upside some
of these points I don't know where all
his points are I maybe he's a master
behind-the-scenes tactician but but he
definitely cannot communicate in an
authentic way that the way that everyone
not only wants him to but needs him too
at this moment I guess what we have to
remember is that these statements at
least wuno Trump's us for America Trump
says for his base and Trump's is a
excellent point by both of you guys to
remind everybody that this was a an
effort to get past the last beating he
took from Republicans for making a deal
with Chuck and Nancy were and he was and
he initially was like hey this is great
take it man we got something done right
so there's that but their response is
not really for us their response is for
washing right would chuck is chuck is
talking to other Democrats and touches
talking to the media
Chuck is setting up a a manner of of of
how this is going to play out
and of not backing down to Trump so I
get that it is just frustrating to to me
continually not get it seems to me the
very thing that caused a candidate not
like Bernie Sanders but Bernie Sanders
to breakthrough a degree of an Trump a
degree of plain-spoken
authenticity which I would take
advantage of again and again and again
yeah in these situations which these
guys first will stop seeing the words
Leader Pelosi
it does sound super communist to me Star
Wars and communists at the same time
ready to Pelosi met with Chancellor
valorum Miss Sarah Huckabee Sanders
responded to this as as she is so
capable of here's what does Sarah I'll
give you Sanders the president spokesman
said the president's invitation to the
Democratic leaders still stands and he
encourages them to put aside their
pettiness stop the political
grandstanding show up and get to work
stop the political grandstanding you
open the day with a tweet with a bunch
of capital letters the ultimate
political grandstander and then the
meeting that followed right with the
empty seats that like that's political
pettiness like that theatrics all of
that is ridiculous and if anything it
shows his complete inability to take
something that he presents as so serious
like not seriously but then but you made
a great point in that so they have the
meeting and they have the the empty
seats in the meeting and this is where
you got to be careful like you like I'm
not a hundred percent sure that that the
Democrats are going to win that battle
with those empty seats so far every
shutdown they've won they are standing
on a much more significant principle
here a tax plan that has been pretty
accurately portrayed as being massively
top-heavy and not just top-heavy in that
it will reduce the inflow of cash into
the government while giving a tax break
to the richest Americans but it will
actually put a tax burden on the poorest
Americans and middle-class Americans um
but you know again those things aren't
set in stone yet as far as as far as the
message that people are getting and so
we are in a world of theatrics
which is why I began this
saying this is ultimately they're either
gonna make a deal or not the story is
gonna be did they make a deal or not and
what does that mean here we're in the
part about who's gonna look best if no
deal is made this end and this is the
only thing politicians have to do
anymore the only thing you have to do is
fund the government all right finally
that's that's it like can we identify
one more thing that you absolutely have
to do cuz everything else can be a punt
down the road now we're getting into
with the tax bill this weird feeling
that we need to do something don't we
but they don't really have to pass this
tax bill there's people who are holding
out but the the only thing you have to
do is pass the continuing resolution to
fund the government and it always gets
this dramatic this close to it and it's
super frustrating and even if you feel
like you're winning certain points along
the way in this discussion
we're like some people think this is
exactly the tax bill discussion and and
and it's it's really difficult to later
on down online figure out what the hell
this meeting was the details of the tax
bill that's what matters not this stuff
right the detail it doesn't matter that
Trump called Donald Trump's a racist or
at a bare minimum a race baiter right
that's the best little any reasonable
person has to at a minimum except that
that he panders to racists and so when
he calls Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas in
front of literally the people who her
dad he thinks he thinks that's her dad
right he thinks that's Pocahontas his
father in front of people whose
sacrifice we should all be amazed by and
ashamed that we asked them to make that
sacrifice
right of the members of the Navajo
Nation who had every right to say we're
not going to fight in your war really
have any idea what you've done it was
right we're not in many states allowed
to vote so the it but I'm falling into
it too
that's exciting to talk about what
matters is that Elizabeth Warren who's
the and her intellectual brainchild the
Consumer Protection Board right consumer
financial protection
that matters that might be the strongest
piece of legislation strongest act that
we have come up with that followed the
financial crisis that might mean more to
regular Americans than dodd-frank right
which was depending on who you asked on
the Left significantly watered down or
crazy people on the right too tough
right nobody reasonable thinks it was
too tough but the but the Consumer
Financial Protection Board that matters
and instead of having a legitimate big
debate about that board about the
Consumer Financial Protection to board
we get into a debate that Donald Trump
is comfortable having am i racist
yeah he's comfortable with that you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
