so you've probably heard by now that
Donald Trump was probably going to be
times Man of the Year slash person
here's the original tweet that went out
over the holiday break
he said Time magazine called to say that
I was probably going to be named man
Person of the Year like last year but I
would have to agree to an interview and
a major photo shoot I said probably is
no good and took a pass thanks anyway so
that was out for a while people had time
to respond to it including Time magazine
itself whose spokeswoman said quote the
president is incorrect about how we
choose persons of the year essentially
saying no it doesn't even work that way
like there is no phone call like that
that happens and then further the chief
content officer chimed in over Twitter
shooting the idea down even further and
in a wider scope saying amazing not a
speck of truth here Trump tweets he took
a pass at being named ties person here
but not a speck of truth here what
happened okay
I know what happened so Donald Trump is
a megalomaniac and all he cares about it
is of himself and he hears what he wants
to hear so if he hears a compliment or
what he perceives to be a comment he's
running with it any cell in the whole
world okay if he hears what he perceives
to be an insult than the person is the
worst and etc as we were about to show
you in his differing views of Time
magazine throughout the years which is
awesome so stay tuned for that in a
second okay but probably what happened
here is a reporter calls in and says
you're on the list for candidates for
Man of the Year which is very logical as
a fascinating president but bordering on
lunacy you should certainly be on the
candidates list for a Man of the Year
what Trump hears is I'm probably Man of
the Year odds are at this point yeah and
no but they want me to do come in and do
it interview and I don't want to do any
of you but it was going to be me
everybody it was gonna be me what other
phone calls could Time magazine possibly
make other than to tell me I will be Man
of the Year
just if you parse it out for me is the
best part it says but I would have to
agree to an interview and a major photo
shoot I said probably is no
good and took a pass it's like come on
buddy
thank you pretty you're they don't
announce it like that another thing that
I think probably happened is even more
removed from reality but I think is
probably what happens is before he
receives his real news they've decided
he won't listen unless he receives a
list of compliments first many of which
are fictitious
so I think someone has to start with
like a notepad to say okay so time said
you're probably gonna be Man of the Year
the Pope called to say that you're the
awesomest Beyonce called to say that
you're prettier than her and and then he
gets to the to the actual news like I
think that there is like a weird thing
that they have to do to butter him up
ya know look Time magazine is probably
gonna want an interview with him they
they might want to suggest that he's one
of the candidates again that would be
perfectly normal Hitler has been Person
of the Year Trump adversity here just
last year yeah an amazing fact about
Donald Trump Hitler has been Person of
the Year Donald at one point said he did
attack the magazine for choosing a quote
person who was responsible for ruining
Germany unfortunately that tweet was
about when they chose Angela Merkel in
2015 not him he was pissed that they
hadn't chosen him so he probably took
them calling his like or he thought it's
not gonna be me so I'll get out ahead of
this and I'll claim that it was gonna be
me and when they say it wasn't I'll say
oh yeah you see that did the lying media
etc when it's shoot but by the way the
more important part is why you care you
know what you are you're the president
you're the commander-in-chief you're
arguably the most powerful man on earth
what the hell do you care if you're on
Times magazine Person of the Year or not
justly cares the idea that Hitler has
been person of the year is exactly like
him wanting to be person a year is
totally the any PR is good PR approach
because he just wants to be talked about
like it's not gonna be an utterly
flattering article but guess what I
don't think he's going to be reading the
article I think he's going to see
himself on the cover he is oddly
obsessed with our
with Time magazine he has a love-hate
relationship that fluctuates back and
forth between love and hate depending on
with whether he thinks that Time
magazine loves him or hates him so it
dates back to at least 2012 there have
been many tweets all over the spectrum
of liking and hating them including but
not limited to one tweet that said I
knew last year that Time magazine lost
all credibility
I knew that last year the Time magazine
lost all credibility when they didn't
include me in their top 100 and then he
says another one later when he is on the
cover of Time magazine on the cover of
Time magazine a great honor he likes
them when they like him he hates them
when they don't like him but he went on
to say in in in April 2013
Time magazine lists the hundred most
influential people is a joke and a stunt
of a magazine that will like Newsweek
soon be dead bad list okay so if it was
such a bad list and it's a joke why
couple of years later when you were
selected you say it is a great honor
another time he's put on the cover and
he goes out and tells him this is after
he's already said over and over again
two times a joke yeah worse and about to
go bankrupt he then turns around and
goes everybody go by Time magazine
because I'm on the cover it's just so
transparent what a child what a child
like are you not aware that what you're
saying is being recorded that the
tweeter machine exists and we could all
see it we can see the tweets where you
said they were terrible and horrible
because they didn't put you on the cover
we could see the ones where you say that
it's wonderful and it's a great honor
and we can see that they both come from
you hey he doesn't understand that
simple concept because he has the
mentality of you know I don't want to
insult children anymore I'm serious I
think children as young as seven are
smarter than Donald Trump understand the
world better than Donald Trump
my seven-year-old wouldn't go around
saying oh that couch is great no it's
the worst right like like what he would
understand that that makes no sense but
there is it's
because maybe he also just forgets what
he said it either doesn't matter to him
that he's contradicting himself because
he just wants to live in the moment and
get people you know to focus on what
they're saying about him in any given
time and then cast himself in the best
light in relation to it or he just does
forgetting that he's at he's done this
now it's similar to that it even as his
own friends have said he is a
pathological liar right he can't help
himself and he is so narcissistic that
every the world revolves around him so
after crapping all over time earlier in
early of 2016 just last year he said
thank you to Time magazine for naming
the person of the year a great honor he
then also said another against this
remember get Time magazine I'm on the
cover okay everything is about Donald
Trump he's a sad sad pathetic
pathological narcissist but we haven't
quite mentioned the most ridiculous in
my opinion Time magazine's story and
involving Donald Trump and it centers on
this cover this looks like a cover of
Time magazine
now this appeared in multiple Donald
Trump owned properties around the world
literally around the world not just in
the US it says Donald Trump The
Apprentice is a television smash people
saw this at his at his golf clubs and
various hotels there's one problem it's
fake it is not the it's from a March 1st
edition of the year that says on the
cover there was no March 1st edition
that year not only that there's no like
mailing label there's also a barcode
which someone found out doesn't even
refer to anything that has to do with
Time magazine but rather a karaoke
software package that lets you quote DJ
VJ and even sing karaoke it's insane and
fine and only recent it was up for years
all over the place still someone was
like I think the boundary on the outside
is a little too thin or something like
that and they found it and and they and
eventually they finally took it down it
was literally fake news yes Teddy was
featuring look he is a pathetic pathetic
man China if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
