so one of the the right wing attacks
against the Washington Post and the
women who have come out against
Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore is
that the women are all liars that the
liberal media is going in and trying to
convince women to falsely accuse
knowingly falsely accused Roy Moore of
sexual assault and sexual harassment
that's why you saw the robo call of
Bernie Bernstein Washington Post
reporter offering money for people to
accuse him which of course was not true
and now we find out about another
attempt because The Washington Post had
an amazing story today about their
run-in with a woman named Jamie Phillips
that is apparently her real name she
went under a pseudonym at first when she
approached a Washington Post reporter
and said that she had information about
a relationship she had had back when she
was 15 with Roy Moore and wanted to
provide more information so it's a long
process of them going back and forth
with her and her stringing the reporter
along she wants to use email and not use
the phone she apparently was scared of
actually talking to them but eventually
the wash the Post reporters on Monday
morning saw her walking into the New
York offices of project Veritas a group
that has no interest in Veritas or
anything like it now this of course is
the organization that that that d-bag
who likes to go undercover to try to get
recordings or tapings that he can
selectively edit to make liberal groups
look bad had put this woman up to trying
to lie to The Washington Post about her
experiences about being impregnated by
Roy Moore and having an abortion now
because they found out that she is
apparently involved with Project Veritas
and had been lying to them they said
this we always honor off the record
agreements when they're entered into in
good faith referring to the
conversations they'd previously had with
Jamie Phillips but this so-called
off-the-record conversation was the
essence of a scheme to deceive and
embarrass us the intent by Project
Veritas clearly was to publicize the
conversation if we fell for the trap
because of our customary journalistic
rigor we weren't fooled and we can't
honor an off-the-record agreement that
was solicited in maliciously bad faith
the problem that she the mistake that
she made is that she acted incredibly
suspiciously in her talks with the
Washington Post continually asking them
if once her story came out that would
destroy remorse chances of winning the
race of course she did that because she
thought it would look bad for them on
tape they refused to say anything like
that whatsoever and they also made clear
to her that they would be fact-checking
her story which they did and they found
out that there was no evidence she could
provide that any of the things she
talked about had actually happened and
further they found references online to
a GoFundMe campaign under the same name
as Jamie Phillips saying this I'm moving
to New York I've accepted a job to work
in the conservative media movement to
combat the lies and deceit of the
liberal MSM I'll be using my skills as a
researcher in fact checker to help our
movement yeah unfortunately she found
out what actual fact checking is like
and her lies and deceit came back to
bite her on the ass now they asked her
at one of their meetings in person about
this posting and whether she had been
involved with some sort of organization
which was attempting to put one over on
the Washington Post and she said no she
had applied to work with the Daily
Caller
and they asked her so that they could
fact check it who did you talk to she
said Cathy pausing before adding the
last name Johnson you'll be shocked to
find out that Cathy Johnson doesn't work
The Daily Caller and there's no
reference they talked to the Daily
Caller
they have no information about this
woman ever having applied and
interestingly later that night at 7 p.m.
the message on the GoFundMe page was
gone replaced by a new one campaign is
complete and no longer active if you're
officious if you're trying to say no
that wasn't my GoFundMe page to do a
hatchet job on the media like you guys
once they ask you about it taking it off
in a panic is probably not the right way
to go okay so but this story is
wonderful for raising for the exact
opposite reason that they intended they
wanted to show oh you see how biased the
media is and they don't do their job and
all they do is lie I just came in and
told them that I got an abortion from
Roy Moore and I had sex with him when I
was worried underage etc and they just
wrote it down except they didn't they
said no wait a minute we need
documentation
we need corroboration we need further
witnesses and she and she tried to trick
them by doing things like well I guess
I'm gonna have to take it to a rival
paper I can't trust you guys right
they're like mmm okay because their
journalistic ethics were more important
in that case than getting the scoop
right and then they're like look if
we're gonna if you want us to publish
this stuff about Roy Moore we have to
make sure that it's true so can you help
us figure out how it's true and then she
would start to give the answers that
were totally inconsistent they're like
wait a minute
not only are we not publishing it we're
gonna look into you because you're your
because remember from what they know in
the beginning and for most of this this
is a person trying to do damage to Roy
Moore who keeps asking over and over to
the reporters can you make sure he loses
the report is like how would I know how
if he's gonna lose or not lose that's
not my job my job is to make sure your
story is true and then if it is printed
but then she gave such inconsistent
answers to their barrage of
fact-checking that they're like wait a
minute
I don't think she's even real and then
that's when they unwind the fact that
her name is natural to gofundme page and
as a conservative hack and works and
then they go and find her walking into
Project Veritas this guy's a real
criminal hey watch the post confronts
her she's like that is ridiculous I
don't work for Project burkas walks into
Project Veritas and deletes our GoFundMe
page I think they're on to me after have
accidentally butt-dialing the Washington
Post but it could have anyway so thank
you for proving our point that the
mainstream media does not make things up
even when handed out a silver platter
yeah they don't make it up now if you
said that some of those guys have bias
not only is that believable I would join
you you're probably not in the way that
you expect but I think that a lot of the
writers the editors certainly the
publishers the owners etc bring their
own set of assumptions to stories and
they don't quite recognize that that is
why they will have a reflexive reaction
against anyone
is in my opinion now part of the
establishment whether it's a
right-winger or tea party group or
whatever or left-wing challengers of the
establishment like Bernie Sanders
reflexively the Washington Post in my
opinion will go wait a minute I've
weighed the Bernie Sanders stuff sounds
unrealistic and they'll put color into
it in a way that I think they don't even
realize they're doing but there's the
Washington Post get in a room and go
alright let's try to figure out a way to
destroy Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
okay John you make up this story Susie
you go pretend that these quotes are
real and you accuse some random person
of molestation right well booting up in
the fake news oh Tron now yeah no that's
not how it works they don't make up
stuff like that and thank you for
proving that almost beyond a shadow of a
doubt now if you were to make it subtle
and an effective argument against the
mainstream media you would talk about
the implicit biases yeah but that's not
what Project Veritas is in the business
of doing they're in the business of
doing hatchet jobs and they have one
hundred-percent deceptive hatchet jobs
because they're not just you know making
someone look bad
they're deceptively editing material to
try to make them look bad yes and now
they've done this on several occasions
and and the reason they keep doing it is
because right-wing organizations
fund them to lie and then Republicans
will take their work and use those lies
in an effort to destroy organizations
they don't agree with politically
whether it's Planned Parenthood and
again in that case nine different state
investigations including Republicans
including in Texas saying Planned
Parenthood didn't do anything wrong
it was actually the people who did the
tapes that did something wrong okay and
then acorn deceptively edited complete
lies about how they walked into pimp
outfit which they shot at another time
but what happened the Republicans then
defunded acorn which serve poor people
good they crushed poor people with their
lies and deception and they're still
around and still rewarded with grant
after grant from Republican donors who
think I want to crush poor people I want
to crush the media who are giving you
facts I don't want them to give you
facts I want my propaganda in their
place
that's why Project Veritas exists for
anyone
to give them a if you see anyone giving
Project Veritas a shred of credibility
know that they are purposeful Liars if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
