because this is 2017 multiple women
coming forward to accuse a Republican
Senate candidate Roy Moore of molesting
them when they were children isn't
enough to disqualify him in the eyes of
a lot of voters unfortunately Alabama
but also in the eyes of some right-wing
media outlets and the president so we're
gonna start with Breitbart who has been
steadfast defenders of Roy Moore since
the first accusation they held firm as
more and more women came forward as we
found out that he was banned from a mall
as we found out last week that he was
they had a cop watching him when he was
near the cheerleaders and a game I was
hanging out in high schools through all
of that they've defended him and at
times their defense has been a little
bit ridiculous
as it'll be in this video where you're
going to see a Breitbart editor Joel
Pollock with a new defense of Roy Moore
she was very young to have somebody
who's that age come on her let her let
alone if it was an unwanted touching
known as an assault you know in 1973
Ringo Starr hit number one on the
Billboard charts with the song 16 you're
beautiful in your mind and it was a
remake of an earlier song he was
30-something at the time singing about a
16 year old you want to take away Ringo
Starr's you can't be serious
I mean you can't be sued you can't be
serious you're talking about these
really think that Ringo Starr's song is
supposed to be a nod towards allowing
30-year old men to prey on teenagers you
don't believe that Joel you're a parent
you don't believe that you're also a
parent and you know that when you raise
sons the risk that our sons face today
is that they're going to be exposed to
accusations that may or may not be true
and that's a new thing what do you think
Ringo Starr defense is that the new
thing well look to be fair to the
Conservatives they do projection that's
and whatever they're thinking they
assume you're thinking so they don't
know what's in Ringo Starr's head and my
guess is that it was maybe I I don't
know if it was a reference to a 16 year
old talking about another 16 year old I
don't think it was Ringo Starr didn't
even write that story saw earlier song
hey I don't think it was Ringo Starr
being like I really would like to have
sex with a 16 year old I don't think
that's where he was regardless I think
this is gonna hurt Ringo Starr in the
polls but that's an excellent point
but the reason I
bring all that up is because they do
have a singer who did sing about having
sex with underage girls and that's Ted
Nugent and he's a conservative star and
in fact Mike Huckabee sang the song with
him once they they had a little guitar
you know combo that they did about how
they wanted to go over and have sex with
the underage daughter of a neighbor okay
and so they think well it doesn't I mean
our stars love to sing about having sex
with underage girls yeah so I assume so
does Ringo Starr and other liberals or
something yeah whatever of Ringo's
politics are yeah so I am with you I is
a good reason when I Roy moron Ringo
Starr neck and neck in Alabama and this
wrestling but or maybe Ringo is not in
the race or and by the way neither is
Ted Nugent and it's Roy Moore versus
Doug Jones and Doug Jones has not sung
any songs about sixteen-year-olds or
molested them or in the case in one case
very star case trying to rape them as
Roy Moore did so even if you go with
Pollock's ideology of 16 not so bad you
know right okay fine
and by the way I think it is a fair
point to say that 16 is the legal age of
consent in Alabama to say that in seven
out of eight cases on the issue of age
he did not break the law by itself is a
fair point although generally a lot of
the times that 16 is the age of consent
in a lot of the states it is the age of
consent but not for an unlimited age
span later it's for a few years later
and then for people who are much older
it is still 18 I'm not sure specifically
now in Alabama it is okay in Alabama
it's just the if you're 16 you could
have sex with an 84 year old okay as
long as by the way first of all one of
the women is under 60 she was 14 at the
time yeah okay so was she a fan of Ringo
Starr okay seems hypocritical at this
point I know they were hos talked about
bringing fourteen-year-old girls into
the woods and stripping them naked as
Roy Moore is alleged to have done yeah
and and an allegation is so credible
that even Republican senators have said
I believe her I think that Roy Moore did
do that and he found
to separate her from her mommy's such a
predator I don't separate them and all
of those stories he's good at corralling
them away from their mothers yeah and I
don't think Ringo Starr or anyone else
was accused of was banned from a mall
for being a pervert looking at underage
girls and tried to talk to them and
contact them and take them home was not
banned from football games because he
couldn't stop trying to pick up the
cheerleaders as a person in his thirties
okay all right but but the last one is
the one I wanted to come back to one of
the sixteen year olds Pollux has come 16
what's the big deal right okay he's in
his 30s she's 16 he tried to rape her in
the parking lot according to her
description which again is exceedingly
credible so credible that almost all the
Republican leadership believes her he
ripped her clothes off he while she was
waiting for she mistook him as
trustworthy because he worked as a
district attorney and he put her in a
parking lot in a car between a dumpster
where there were no lights ripped her
clothes off fondled her and tried to
force her head down on to his crotch and
when she was screaming he pushed her out
of the car into the cold pavement and
drove away I don't think there's a Ringo
Starr song about that that is so vicious
man you know Ted Nugent has a song about
that I'm not gonna listen to find out
but I don't know yeah and look another
there a pastor came out I don't know how
many days ago this was but we talked
about the production meeting and said
that look in his defense
these 14 and 15 and 16 year old girls
they dress like they're 21 which is I
guess could be true I don't know I
didn't live back then and that might
deceive the eye but to be fair when
you're waiting outside of their
trigonometry class that should sort of
make it a little bit more clearer than
21 yeah I think yeah say I can't wait
for Joe apology to go back on TV say I
mean when you're raping a 16 year old
is that really rape okay so Joe what's
your defense for that I don't know
you're in the defense business and you
think 30 year olds having sex with 16
year old girls is no problem okay I hear
your brother no problem how about the
rape part how about the
fourteen-year-old part you're still
supporting Roy Moore right so I don't -
16 year olds and I don't mind the rape
and I don't mind the fourteen-year-old
should be the complete sentence
otherwise you shouldn't be backing him
if you are backing him apparently you
think those are not that big a deal
either and I'm positive there's not any
it is there's no songs about that
there's no movies to the best of my
knowledge about that maybe a haiku by
the way I'm sorry I'm partly wrong wait
for it tomorrow they'll be back on CNN
going I mean there was the movie and the
book called Lolita right and if there
was a movie what you're asking Rory were
not to sleep with 14 year olds what kind
of an unreasonable request is that TYT
membership gives you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm / join
