today someone made the horrible decision
of allowing Donald Trump to speak at an
event honoring Native American code
talkers who served during World War two
and because of that no one was really
that shocked when this happened I just
want to thank you because you have very
very special people you were here long
before any of us were here although we
have a representative in Congress who
they say was here a long time ago they
call her
Pocahontas but you know what I like you
oh my I thought it was a joke when
someone tweeted about it at first so
those guys served in World War two
they broke the Nazi code so that America
could win and while honoring them he
makes jokes about Native Americans there
is no bottom to that barrel I would say
before you get to the the Pocahontas
stuff
it's inane and childish what is
compliments that you've been around long
before we were like to say that it was
it was brave that you served say that it
was amazing that you guys were able to
put to use languages that they could not
decipher and that gave us the edge talk
about those things not just you've been
around long before
that's just calling them old and then to
unnecessarily break it's his
stream-of-consciousness thing he's
talking about something Elizabeth Warren
pops into his head so he has to say it
it has nothing to do with anything but
he has to bring it up again
he said Pocahontas while honoring Native
Americans who served during World War
two
he's been told many times by
organizations representing Native
Americans please including the specific
tribe that she comes from that or came
from I should say please stop do it yes
but he refuses and he says other people
call boca you're the only person who
calls their Pocahontas in the world the
other so look the role the Native
Americans in in World War two
they played a huge role but there's
other people who helped create codes
break codes etc on all sides and in
England there's a famous case of the
person who were bro
the Nazi code yeah so there's obviously
a lot of people involved but he was a
critical player and and and then he
turned out later than we found out he
was gay and then he was mercilessly
crushed for being gay
it's like Trump honoring him and using
the f-word yeah like hey I hear Epps
like you we're all so good like what the
how could you say that
you know Tuskegee Airmen or whatever oh
okay you Edwards I guess you were
helpful at some point what you can't say
Polk honest while honoring these people
he's exactly the sort of Republican
president that will refuse to go to like
an N double ACP event thank God
god knows what he would say that if he
actually showed up but of course as many
people have pointed out it it might even
be worse than the Pocahontas thing
because in that video behind them is a
picture of Andrew Jackson who he put up
in the Oval Office thanks to the
suggestions of notorious racist Steve
Bannon Andrew Jackson of course signed
the Indian Removal Act that led to the
Trail of Tears about 15,000 Native
Americans are estimated to have died
during that and you know in that he of
course led military genocide elack's
against Native Americans up and down the
coast and all that but this isn't
actually the only like thing that he's
done with the Pocahontas and all of that
I did a little bit of research and back
in 1993 Donald Trump was on Don Imus
show and said I think I might have more
Indian blood than a lot of these
so-called Indians that are trying to
open up reservations during a
congressional hearing on Indian Gaming
he testified and said that the
Mashantucket Pequots of Connecticut
quote didn't look like Indians to him so
they should not have had a casino
he also took out in New York when an
Indian tribe was trying to have a casino
he paid a million dollars secretly in
ads and newspapers radios and TV calling
the Mohawk Indians drug users and drug
dealers and said that if they got their
casino it would bring crime and broken
families and quote in the case of the
Mohawks violence because they're violent
Native Americans apparently they never
reported that spending him and Roger
stone and so because of that the state
lobbying commission imposed their
largest ever civil fine against him for
and look so let's be at them let's just
review all the things wrong with Donald
Trump just in this tiny little story one
remember he ran casinos it's not like he
thought casinos were a problem that
created crime by definition yeah so no
he was just trying to kill off his
competition so because of greed he will
say endlessly racist things that he
doesn't care about at all Donald Trump
doing that you might as well have Andrew
Jackson do it himself
okay and I remember when John asked or
covered a statue in the Justice
Department because he might have seen
her nip right like but you're gonna do
an honorarium native-americans right
under Andrew Jackson's picture okay fine
it's agreed second of all at least not
be stupid enough to say it on camera
while you're honoring them Oh like
Pocahontas thereby reminding everybody
of all the racist things you've said
about Native Americans in the past right
so greedy and stupid and then finally
what's the the uniting theme racism
through and through anytime you see
someone that is not white he's like oh
okay
the Central Park find it turns out they
were innocent I don't care they're black
they should be executed or stay in jail
forever anyway I don't care I don't care
Puerto Rico what is out they're lazy
they're not even helping themselves
Native Americans Pocahontas violent etc
he goes to racist stereotypes
immediately in every single case and if
you're still defending him that's okay
but if you watch this and you know this
and you could look it up you don't have
to trust us you can look it up in the
Central Park five in every case that I
refer to if you still like them you know
what that means you're a racist go ahead
flip out and cry and be a snowflake but
you are your deep-seated bigoted and
racist who likes Donald Trump not
despite the fact that he's a racist but
because of the fact that he's a racist
by the way it also involves if you go
back to some of the research I was
talking about how cheap he is because
while he was running those ads to stop
one Native American tribe from being
granted the license to have blue this is
in northern New York a casino
he was also sponsoring legal help for a
different Native American tribe that
said that if he pays for the legal
research to establish their lineage and
to get the sort of certifications they
need to have an Indian gaming casino
license that they would then give him a
management fee afterwards now he did
that he got the legal research done they
were granted the legal status he didn't
end up getting the casino in part
because one of the people on the
regulatory commission that had to vote
on it had seen his previous comments
about Native Americans and so they
didn't like him but after that after he
didn't get it the legal team that did
the research so that they could get the
certification came to him and said so
you still haven't paid us the six
hundred thousand dollars you owe us
Trump and he said I'm so high-profile
you should do it for free
and that was the only reason he was
gonna get the management fee was because
of that legal research he didn't pay for
it in the end they did end up getting
the money I don't know if it was a six
hundred thousand but he refused
initially to back military that's part
of the greatest generation in front of
everyone to just completely disrespect
them good thing all the people that are
mad about Colin Kaepernick and the
kneeling they're also mad about this
disrespect of the military because they
actually care about the military oh all
lines you know they are outraged they
put Colin Kaepernick in one picture then
they put Donald Trump another picture
like they're both disrespecting our
militaries and we think well they must
cheer banner this just came in I hope
you're not crestfallen but it turns out
they're not doing what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get a completely ad
free if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
