earlier this week a woman in Texas made
headlines after a local sheriff called
her out for having a bumper sticker that
it contains some expletives
in regard to Trump and those who voted
in favor of Trump now the sheriff troy'd
Nell's had threatened prosecution
against this woman because of the bumper
sticker but then realized that there
were some First Amendment issues there
and later took the Facebook post down
but because of this story it turned out
that there was a warrant out for her
arrest and she did end up getting
arrested but posted bail and then
there's the other component of the story
that I love she started selling these
bumper stickers and they have sold out
they are now back ordered so there is a
Karen Fonseca the woman that I was
talking about and yes she is selling the
bumper stickers that you see behind her
she even created a new bumper sticker in
response to sheriff Troy Nels and so
that happened the proceeds from these
sales will go toward voter registration
drives that will help elderly voters get
to the polls and just to rub it in a
little bit more one of the people
helping her is a Fort Bend area Democrat
named Ali Hassan Ali yeah and he says
you know they'll make more stickers and
and I it's look it's an ode to freedom
so I'm sure the right-wingers would like
it you know don't tread on me Semper Fi
and all that stuff right I got my right
as an American just put anything I like
on my pickup truck yeah and and if the
big government wants to try to prevent
me for my freedom of speech well we do
live in Texas so you know they can stick
it so look I I don't know how
Republicans in general are reacting to
this but I did read several comments so
this is anecdotal several comments from
Republicans in Texas who are like what
sheriff Troy Nell's is trying to do here
is outrageous like they were against the
fact that the sheriff was going after
this woman even though
were Trump voters and didn't agree with
the bumper sticker I like that it says
not only F Trump but f you for voting
for ladies got some balls she does I
honestly I wouldn't go in that direction
because you just don't know what
unhinged people would do and that's
that's your car I mean at the very least
I would expect it to get keyed just
based on how crazy people are but she
feels courageous enough to do it so do
you boo
well she rolls Texas style and you got
to respect that if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
