all right well over the young turks
we've got a as usual an amazing show for
you guys and every day gets more
unbelievable new allegations against
judge Cavanaugh and and they are
horrific so we're gonna get to that in a
minute but I want you guys to know the
hearings are tomorrow they start at
10:00 a.m. Eastern 7 o'clock Pacific and
we will cover all the hearings every
minute of it right here on t y-t-dot-com
slash live don't miss any of it I will
be doing there in early on coverage and
John I drove Ben mankiewicz anna jr
brett erlich and attorney a legal
analyst adrian Lawrence will also join
us and I think she is a very important
perspective on that and we'll be doing a
live analysis so you could watch the
hearings and then get our analysis
immediately during the breaks so that's
happening all day tomorrow and obviously
if you remember you can get catch all
that anytime you want rather than having
to watch it live it's up to you either
way if you remember t y-t-dot-com slash
join to become one
speaking of membership which gives you
all of our shows later tonight on rebel
headquarters Anamika const coming and
talking to us about a very important
announcement that she has she announced
that on aggressive progressive yesterday
and then we're gonna elaborate on it
today so please don't miss that that's a
great announcement and all progressives
should be psyched about and then later
today in this show trade crowd or the
liberal redneck is going to join us and
that also ought to be a doozy all right
a lot to go here so and i get us started
all right the third the third Brett
Kavanaugh accuser has identified herself
and her accusations were outlined in a
sworn affidavit that was released by
attorney Michael avenatti now Michael
avenatti had basically foreshadowed this
case he said that there was a third
accuser and that this accuser was
credible and based on her very detailed
allegations and the fact that she claims
that there are people that she spoke to
at the time that
this incident occurred it does appear
that her accusations are at least
credible and should be investigated but
with that said let me give you the
details so this third accuser her name
is a Julie sweat Nick publicly
identified herself and alleged that
Cavanaugh and others in the early 1980s
spiked the drinks of girls at high
school parties with intoxicants to make
it easier for them to be gang-raped so
here is an exact quote from sweat Nick
she says I have a firm recollection of
seeing boys lined up outside rooms at
many of these parties waiting for their
turn with a girl inside the room these
boys included mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh now the first accuser dr.
Blasi Ford had mentioned that mark judge
was also in the room when Brett
Kavanaugh allegedly attempted to rape
her so he has now been named by two of
the accusers also in approximately 1982
I became the victim of one of these gang
or train rapes where Mark judge and
Brett Kavanaugh were present now the
wording there is incredibly important
because she never specifies specifically
that they participated in the alleged
gang rape she says that they were
present so I think that it's important
for her to clear this up and hopefully
she'll have an opportunity to testify
about these allegations as well
she also says during the incident I was
incapacitated without my consent and
unable to fight off the boys raping me I
believe I was drugged with quaaludes or
something similar placed in what I was
drinking also she says shortly after the
incident I shared what had transpired
with at least two other people okay so
these are heavy heavy charges as heavy
as it gets
and so now what Ana has been emphasizing
throughout the week becomes an
inescapable conclusion how could you not
have the FBI investigate now again it's
except for a an expanded background
check that they have done in similar
occasions before as they did in the
Clarence Thomas and ADA Hill situation
because at this point if these
allegations are false that is if she
made it up as a lot of Republicans are
charging now it is the worst smear job
that we've seen maybe ever so if I'm
Kavanagh oh okay we're not gonna
investigate this outrageous outrageous
charge and we're just gonna let it stand
and then I'm gonna go on the court cuz
you guys gonna rush a vote and then for
then on everybody's gonna think that I'm
part of a yeah that I'm a rapist
attempted rapist gang rapists etc so
you've got to clear his name if he
didn't do it and then of course if he
did do it he shouldn't be anywhere I
mean he should be in a court but not on
the Supreme Court that and and it would
be the worst decision we have ever made
in regards to the Supreme Court to put
him on it because there's no now it's
become more binary it's it's less hey
did he do that at a IIIi don't know they
were all heavy heavy charges but but the
Ramirez one there is a question of
memory etc this one she's fairly clear
but not completely clear on very serious
allegations and you can't do that to the
guy if he didn't do it and you can't
have him on the Supreme Court if he did
it
it's a DOS to me it's so stark
how could you go forward without more
information as I've said before what
makes me uncomfortable about this whole
situation is that this is all going
through the court of public opinion as
opposed to having nonpartisan
professionals look into it and usually
the response you get from those
supporting the Trump administration I'm
talking about members of the base not
necessarily the politicians is well the
FBI doesn't do criminal investigations
of rape but no one's asking for a
criminal investigation although I think
an argument can be made that you know
you know state prosecutors should look
into this as well because these are
serious charges but putting that aside
the FBI would investigate this
specifically to see if these allegations
have any piece of truth to them so
senators can make the right decision in
either confirming him or not confirming
him if I were accused of anything like
this and I knew I was innocent I would
be calling for the FBI to investigate it
but instead you have Republican senators
members of the Senate Judiciary
Committee just flat-out refusing to do
it they say no no he's innocent this is
a smear campaign and then they refuse to
get the FBI involved why why if he's
innocent
you should get the FBI involved you
absolutely should want that to clear his
name well what are they afraid of so
there's two things here that are really
important one if you're applying for any
job at any company and three women came
forward and said to your prospective
employer oh by the way he committed
sexual assault against me including an
up to gang rape your employer would
pause before hiring you at a bare
minimum if they're going to be fair to
you they would look into it and see are
these wild allegations that are totally
made up for some reason against this guy
or are do they have any chance of being
true what any rational employer wouldn't
do is who cares about rape allegations
don't worry about let's just hire the
guy and maybe later it'll be a gigantic
legal liability but who cares no
employer in the country would do that
except for what one of the most
important jobs in the country to put a
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court it isn't it is now in an argument
you cannot make that we should rush one
of the most important jobs with less
checks then you would get if you were
applying for a job at the local Walmart
okay so and and then secondarily if
you're asking what guys
the FBI thing's gonna delay it we're
past that there's too many allegations
are you really that concerned about the
politics of this like is a political win
more important than ensuring that the
newest Supreme Court justice is not
possibly a rapist I mean come on okay so
okay but if you're asking but guys what
would that good and what could the FBI
possibly find out a lot so they're not
going to have a conclusion FBI does not
convict anyone and this is a background
check
it's not even presenting evidence in it
trial its presenting evidence to people
making the employment decision so what
are the things that they could find out
hey miss sweat Nick who were the other
people at the party who was you mean you
are alleging a gang rape of yourself
here it's a super important charge you
have any idea who was involved you say
he is present
what does present mean was he at the
party was the in line do you know if he
participated those are really relevant
questions can you name a single other
person at the party then you go see if
they can corroborate was there such a
party was she added was Kavanaugh added
did anyone else know about spiking the
drinks no sir how do you make a decision
without knowing those either way I I
don't know how you could possibly know
for sure which unfortunately by the way
yes both sides are doing it so the
republic's are absolutely sure he didn't
do it how I don't know and yes there are
people on the Left who you say I believe
them period and I get why they say that
but I don't think that's how this
process works well but to be fair to the
Democratic senators they might say I
believe her but they're specifically
calling for an FBI investigation now
after the third accuser came forward and
since these accusations are so hideous
some of them have called for you know
the withdrawal of Kavanagh as a Supreme
Court nominee but they are still
emphasizing the importance of at least
doing an investigation to figure out
what's at the bottom of this what's the
truth let's figure this thing out
also I want to give you a little bit of
background on Julie sweat Nick as well
so you kind of get a sense of who she is
so she apparently has multiple
clearances to work for government jobs
so for instance she had clearances for
the Treasury Department the US Mint IRS
State Department and Justice Department
other other government agencies as well
and I don't know why someone would put
their face out there with false
accusations given how incredibly cruel
you know Trump supporters and Senate
Judiciary members particularly
Republicans have
mentored women who have come forward and
by the way one other thing just to give
you another piece of examples or another
piece of evidence proving that they've
been cruel after these allegations came
up Donald Trump just didn't care and
first issued a tweet so I want to go to
graphic 9 and share that tweet with you
he says avenatti is a third-rate lawyer
who is good at making false accusations
like he did on me and like he is doing
on judge Brett Kavanaugh so let's stop
for a second avenatti did not make false
accusations against Trump Trump's own
fix-it lawyer former Fixit lawyer
Michael Cohen admitted that he paid
stormy Daniels off after it was
requested by Donald Trump so where did
he lie that that's the very last thing I
would say if I was Donald Trump because
the charges against you that avenatti
talked about have proven to be 100%
right there's no one outside of you in
the country claiming that you didn't
sleep with stormy Daniels and now you
even admit that you paid her hush money
but you claimed it was because what you
felt like paying her hush money on
things you didn't do even your own
supporters don't believe that I don't
think there's a single supporter of
yours that believes that in fact instead
they go I will add a boy way to sleep up
with a porn star while your wife just
had a kid that's like what a real man
does okay so those are your guys but you
can't claim avenatti made-up stuff he
proved it to be totally right so at the
bare minimum you should have enough
intellect to not bring that issue up but
as usual he's his own worst enemy well
he also issued a statement you know he's
participating at a UN event and he
decided to bring the situation up and
here's what he had to say and hopefully
over the next couple of days that will
be settled up and solved and we will
have a Supreme Court justice who will go
down as one of our greatest ever
hopefully he's gonna be there for a long
time we I think it's really working
very well I really do I think it's doing
well I think people are seeing what a
disgrace these Democrat senators are he
just can't help himself under what
definition would this be doing very well
I mean you can say hey I can't believe
the Democrats have attacked this poor
judge and etc I wouldn't agree with you
and there's other problems with that but
you could say hey it's been a mess
because of the Democrats but who would
say that the proceedings are going very
well
I don't know a single Republican or a
single Democrat who thinks they're going
great but he can't help us a beautiful
soft towels
the water was tremendously wet these are
going very well there's three
allegations of sexual assault including
gang rape that is not going very well
well what I'm always curious about is is
there a line that Donald Trump can cross
with his supporters especially the women
who voted for him and the women who
continue to support him and we came
across a few interviews that really
stood out to us and the next video shows
Trump supporters women who don't really
think these sexual assault allegations
are that big of a deal the growth being
a woman which is what is that at 18 I
mean how many guys you know think that's
no big deal even back then it was beyond
it's not a big deal it doesn't just take
away from his character and his job to
do what he needs to do as a Green Court
nominee if he was if he was pro-abortion
the Liberals wouldn't be fighting this
hard we're all sick and tired of hearing
about the Kavanaugh thing because it's
not supported by any facts or evidence
whatsoever doctor Blasi Ford who was the
first accuser alleged that the sexual
assault took place when she was 15 years
old so it's not a big deal if a 15 year
old is groped by someone so look here's
I keep trying to I don't know why it
didn't attempt to be in overly fair
telling conservatives an acceptable way
to say things for example she could have
said hate that stuff is terrible I
wouldn't
that happening to my daughters but it
did happen with some regularity back in
the day and I'm glad it doesn't anymore
but we can't go back in time and judge
the people it was in that context that
would be an intelligent way of
responding to that if you wanted to
defend him which I do not but she does
okay
so instead she's like what's the big
deal it's just groping God you've got
young daughters right there don't put
that message out but I want I actually
want to touch on that a little bit
because she does have daughters and one
of the talking points that you hear over
and over again is well why is this
coming up now why don't sexual assault
victims come out and report it
immediately well can you imagine how
difficult it would be if you were her
daughter and you had just been groped or
sexually assaulted and you know that
this is the way your own mother thinks
about the situation your own mother
thinks it's not really that big of a
deal who cares we're sick of hearing
about it let's move on I know I wouldn't
feel comfortable going to my parents or
talking to my mother if this is the way
she genuinely feels about sexual assault
like the country doesn't take it
seriously we just don't
the me2 movement happened right and we
thought oh this is great there's
progress but I think that the nomination
and you know the continued support for
Brett Kavanaugh shows you that we don't
really take it seriously because when
political winds are on the line that's
really the number one thing that the
people in positions of power genuinely
care about so now let me defend the
country and in further pile on for two
Republicans so because it's not me doing
it it's not my opinion it's the polling
a new NPR PBS Newshour Marist poll is
out and my defense of the country is 1/3
32% believe
Ford 26% believe Cavanaugh and 42% are
unsure who to believe I think that is
exactly right if I think that I lean
towards Ford based on the fact that I
work in the news business and we have
you know looked at this in eight
different ways and I've got questions
about the Ramirez story I've got a lot
of questions about the third person who
just came out I'm not saying she isn't
telling the truth I just have literally
have questions about some of her claims
like
elaborate right so on Ford though she
has corroboration she's just again no
motive I mean he goes on and on I have
good reason to believe that but he do
you say you are unsure that's a
perfectly rational place to be and why
we keep saying over and over again they
used to an FBI investigation on the
other hand a majority of Republicans 54%
say that Cavanaugh should be confirmed
regardless of whether Ford's allegations
are true oh my god and remember the
allegations are not even groping and I
feel bad saying that because groping is
bad enough
the allegations are Pinder down turn up
the volume
I had his friend turn up the volume on
the radio so no one could hear her
scream put his hand over her mouth and
started taking her ripping her clothes
off but while he was on top of her your
54% of Republicans think yeah what's the
big deal oh god that's terrifying
it because is that like either yeah
don't mind if you do an attempted rape
as long as you're agree with me
politically or I just think that's
normal and so that's normal in my
experience which then makes me afraid of
my god you know as much as we talk about
the me2 movement and this is what a lot
of women say and emphasize for good
reason it's still the tip of the iceberg
the iceberg is 54% of Republicans but
also some significant percentage of the
country saying why is that a big deal
what was in their experience that made
them think that an attempted rape like
that would not be a big deal let's take
a break when we come back we will
discuss the upcoming hearing involving
dr. Blasi Ford and Brett Kavanaugh and
some of the evidence that they plan on
using during their testimony we'll be
right back we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
dot-com slash join today in the meantime
enjoy this free singer
alright back in a Young Turks a lot of
you commenting on in the members section
about your like if people were applying
for other jobs right so Gabi Morita says
let's take this out of politics if bread
Cavanaugh were applying for a loan a
mortgage his credit history had this
many rad red flags pop up he would
immediately be declined and it would be
up to him to correct any in consents
inconsistencies not the bank so that's
an interesting analogy Greg says yes
have the FBI do an investigation hell
I'd agree I had to go through a
background investigation to become a
rescue swimmer while in the Coast Guard
okay yeah so a lower standard apparently
for the Supreme Court
Ruthven our pets rights in and any
ordinary person just wouldn't get hired
no one would even look into it they
would just say lots of fishing to see
why risk it unfortunately she's right I
don't know that's the right thing to do
but that is what the overwhelming
majority of employers would do oh you
have three allegations of massive sexual
assault I'm done with it just let's just
get somebody else they would never risk
it Yeah right just to add to these
stories my husband is currently going
through a background investigation for a
job and it takes three months and it is
so extensive it's incredible and this is
not for the Supreme Court it's for a
good job don't get me wrong but why are
we held at a higher standard for average
jobs when this person could be the next
Supreme Court justice yes absolutely so
one last thing here opinionated right
sent from the members comment section
the same people who say that black
people running from the cops deserve to
be shot dead have no problems that a
Supreme Court nominee is running from
law enforcement so that's a great but
well Jay why did he run a you know maybe
he was a danger how about someone
accused of three different sexual
assaults they could be a danger and by
the way don't get any of us wrong
including the person who wrote that
comment in don't think anybody should do
anything like that
we're just pointing out the obvious
massive hypocrisy and there's
the double standard regarding oh he was
so young when this stuff happened who
cares it's not indicative of who he is
today those are typically the same
people who make excuses for why they dig
into the marijuana use of unarmed people
who get shot and killed by cops yeah
what you sing so yeah that's a great
great point so judge Cavanaugh he was
young and then what difference does it
make Trayvon Martin well he did smoke
marijuana and junior high and of course
Trayvon was murdered he was killed he's
dead he was also wearing a hoodie don't
forget that yes
where is Cavanaugh how dare you look
into his background at all he's up for
one of the most important positions in
the world that makes no goddamn sense at
all anyway Thank You members for writing
in with great comments t y-t-dot-com
/join to become a member whatsnext Anna
all right the Senate Judiciary Committee
will be holding a hearing tomorrow
involving both dr. Blasi Ford and Brett
Kavanaugh and of course this hearing is
to hear their testimony regarding sexual
assault allegations attempted rape
allegations now at the moment it's
unclear whether or not the second
accuser Debbie Ramirez or the third
accuser will be involved in this hearing
but what we do know or at least what
we've had some hints about are the
various pieces of evidence that they
plan to bring to the table for this
hearing so first there's Brett
Cavanaugh's 1982 calendar that's right
he kept his 1982 calendar which is kind
of amazing when I first read the
headline about this I'm just gonna be
honest I thought there's no way that
this calendar is authentic who keeps
their calendar from 1982 but it does
look authentic to be fair and when you
look through it it appears to just have
mundane stuff and the whole point of him
bringing his calendar up is to make a
point about how you know that there's no
party in question here that that you
know describes or goes along with what
dr. Blasi Ford described right but no
this is nonsense this is nonsense okay
so
look you take any piece of data you like
and make you know and and they're all
data points and we're all trying to
figure this thing out
and and there are some data points on
you know dr. Blasi side or revere as a
side where i go yeah that's not that
persuasive either right but the calendar
has the parties that were planned out
ahead of time oh we're gonna go to the
beach for this such-and-such person's
party right it doesn't have every single
party in the middle of the summer
that people threw impromptu and
oftentimes when the parents weren't
present because they were going to drink
illegally
okay the seniors might have been legal
but everybody else would have been
drinking illegally at the time that's
not the one you write down in your
calendar that your parents can see
you're right hey I'm going to Nicky's
birthday party you don't right I'm going
to John's party that you guys don't know
about where we're at a bare minimum
going to drink very very heavily hey
right so III agree that piece of
evidence is pretty weak it's very likely
that he wouldn't have put the the date
of that party down on the calendar now
when it comes to dr. Ford Blasi some
fascinating stuff has come up so let's
go to graphic 18 so according to
reporting there will be four people who
will basically test if not testified
during the hearing but who have written
in sworn affidavits that they were told
about the sexual assault previously so
four people submitted these sworn
affidavits to the Senate Judiciary
Committee saying that Christine Blasi
Ford previously told them about the
incident
so Russell Ford is one of those
individuals and he is Blasi Ford's
husband and he writes she said that in
high school she had been trapped in a
room and physically restrained by one
boy who was molesting her while another
boy watched she said she was eventually
able to escape before she was raped but
that the experience was very traumatic
because she felt like she had no control
and was physically dominated now there
was another person involved in signing a
sworn affidavit and that's Keith Kohler
that's a close friend of Ford and her
husband close friend of a Ford and her
husband and he submitted a sworn
affidavit saying he first learned of the
alleged sexual assault in the summer of
2016 so he writes while discussing the
case of brock turner co glar said ford
told him she was assaulted in high
school by a man who was now a federal
judge in Washington DC
meaning Brett Kavanaugh On June 29th
Kobler said Ford sent him an email
saying the person who assaulted her in
high school was the president's quote
favorite for SCOTUS and then he writes
back to her by the way this is all via
email which is important okay so he
writes back to her and says I remember
you telling me about him but don't
remember his name do you mind telling me
so I can read about him and she writes
back
Brett Kavanaugh there's another person
rebecca white a friend of Ford's who is
also her neighbor and she said that Ford
first told her about the alleged assault
in 2017 after she read a social media
post white wrote detailing her own
experience with sexual assault so let's
pause for a second the timings
interesting there because remember 2017
I think that's when the me2 movement
began people started talking about their
experiences if I'm not mistaken so
that's probably why there was a social
media post and then here's what Rebecca
white wrote I was walking my dog and
Christine was outside of her house I
stopped to speak with her she then told
me that when she was a young teen she
had been sexually assaulted by an older
teen I remember her telling or saying
that her assailant was now a federal
judge and then there's one other person
but you want to jump in before yeah so
these are varying degrees of credibility
the one I want no reason to disbelieve
any of them or Ford in this situation it
it doesn't mean that Cavanaugh doesn't
have a different recollection etc but
when she writes after he is being
considered for the supreme court not
after he was picked but while he was
being considered if you're a Republican
you might say well at that point she
knows he might go on the Supreme Court
and that's why she might be talking
about Cavanaugh but remember these two
go further back so the
in 2012-2013 even 2016 etc where she has
no idea that he's gonna be nominated for
the Supreme Court and talks about this
person who had done this to her has more
and more credibility and then I would
ask you if you're skeptical why do you
think she was doing that about a at that
point a random judge that you know she
had no reason to believe would be
nominated to the Supreme Court that she
just decided to pick a name out of a hat
and go mmm that federal judge that I
used to know I'm gonna start making
things up about him in the year 2012
that would seem awfully strange well the
fourth person talks about you know being
informed about Ford's doctor Ford's
sexual assault in 2013 so let me give
you the details on that another longtime
friend of Ford's adela gildo Mazon
submitted the NAFA David saying that
Ford told her about the alleged assault
in June of 2013 at a restaurant in
Mountain View California in fact she
says she has a receipt from the
restaurant for that day so that again
that's a detail that I don't find to be
relevant as she hasn't received from the
restaurant but was I mean okay so they
went to a restaurant it's at least
corroborating evidence that they
communicated that day it doesn't
necessarily prove what they were
discussing but she doesn't even prove
that it was her at the restaurant so any
credit card to pay no it's proves that
the that the person signing the
affidavit was at the restaurant in the
receipt it doesn't say you had lunch
with this other person and I will name
her okay right you're paying with your
credit card for the meal it says your
name it says the name of the person's
you know credit card the name that's on
the credit card it's totally irrelevant
yeah okay totally irrelevant focus on
what is important okay so look we've now
seen enough evidence that I think
Cavanaugh has only one out and and dr.
Blasi vigorously disputes it but she's
not making this stuff up she didn't make
it up in 2013 she didn't make it up in
2012 you don't pick a random person out
of thin air and start telling people you
know and your therapist and your husband
and your friends about this traumatic
incident and it's this guy
and what just in case are there people
all across the country now making up
things about somebody who might get
appointed in the year 2023 no that's
preposterous right so she clearly
believes that this happened she is
genuine it's not a political hatchet job
I'm not talking about the other two and
they have different fact patterns we're
just talking about Christine Blasi Ford
okay and so the only outlet Kavanagh
really has is mistaken identity I'm sure
that that happened she believes that
that happened to her but it wasn't me
and but saying it didn't happen or she's
making it up it just doesn't match the
facts
it just doesn't so there's one other
part of this hearing that I want to
touch on and it's the prosecutor it's
the story that we talked about a little
bit yesterday we have more details today
so let's get to that Senate Republicans
in the Judiciary Committee had made it
clear that they are planning on hiring a
prosecutor likely a female prosecutor in
order to ask questions of doctor Blasi
Ford during the hearing and there was
some concern about who this individual
would be Senate Democrats were
especially concerned because there was a
lot of secrecy and a lack of
transparency surrounding this person
it's also very unprecedented to get a
professional prosecutor involved in
these types of proceedings and so since
the Senate Judiciary Committee consists
of Republican men and Republican men
only on the Republican side of course
there are Democrats on the Democratic I
have women on the Democratic side they
want they say hey you know what we we
just don't want to seem you know
insensitive so we're gonna have a woman
ask the questions that is the argument
that they're making but here's what we
know about her she's a sex crimes
prosecutor from Arizona her name is
Rachel Mitchell and she will ask for
questions on behalf of Republicans at
Thursday's hearing Mitchell is on leave
as chief of the Special Victims Division
in Maricopa County's County Attorney's
Office and has decades of experience as
a prosecutor
she also identifies as a Republican
which I guess is fine but I think it
also makes it clear that they are
planning on going after her I mean
that's it the fact that they're being
secretive about all of this the fact
that they're you know all of a sudden
changing the terms of the hearing which
is something that Democrats have been
complaining about why are they doing all
of this the fact that they're refusing
to get an FBI investigation involved to
get to the bottom of the truth I I'm
happy that dr. Blasi Ford is testifying
but I also hope that she knows and I
hope everyone knows that it doesn't
appear to be a fair hearing as it stands
right now so the only part I object to
well I objected to parts and very
significantly so is them claiming that
this is somehow a neutral person no no
she is a lifelong Republican who is
going to question people on your behalf
she's gonna question dr. Blasi and and I
presumably Cavanaugh but I'm not even
clear about that on behalf of Republican
senators so that's okay that's fine you
could but just say it don't pretend like
oh we found this neutral person out of
nowhere who's just gonna do these just
because she's an expert just because no
and it's it doesn't mean she's a
lifelong Republican hack or donor etc in
in in some like like Kavanagh for
example is a political apparatchik so
when people like Chuck Todd will say you
know was it was he being a partisan
warrior by going on Fox News hey snap
out of it the guy worked under karl rove
he worked as a political apparatchik his
whole life Kavanagh is not neutral he
was picked because he's one of the least
neutral people in the country he's one
of the most right-wing zealots in the
country so what why are we pretending
right so but when they say hey Blasi
Ford gave money to a Democrat once I say
don't hold it against her is that she's
some sort of apparatchik like Kavanagh
equally here the prosecutor gave money
to a Republican once but it was a normal
donation it wasn't like bloom burgers or
Koch brothers kind of donation she's not
an apparatchik she appears to be a
career prosecutor now she's a career
prosecutor in Maricopa County
or Sheriff Joe presumably for a long
long time and didn't seem to object to
that but but one thing is absolutely
clear Republicans picked her to
represent them because she is a
Republican and on one side not because
she's neutral so yes sorry so
Republicans in the Senate Judiciary
Committee keep arguing that they don't
need to get the FBI involved because
this isn't a criminal investigation and
the FBI doesn't do criminal
investigations
even though as we've said a billion
times the FBI would be doing a more
extensive background check not a
criminal investigation but then
simultaneously they're turning this
hearing into basically a criminal trial
right because they're getting this
prosecutor involved to carry out their
line of questioning why is that and and
we know why it is first of all they know
that she's experienced enough to you
know paint this picture of her in her
line of questioning and since she's a
woman she's not going to have to deal
with the same political consequences
that people like Mitch McConnell Orrin
Hatch other members within the Judiciary
Committee what would be concerned about
they would it would cost them
politically if they were vicious to dr.
Blasi Ford and they want to be vicious
so instead they're gonna get a woman to
be vicious for them that's really what's
at the heart of what's going on here
with this prosecutor no go ahead
so look two things say about that on the
one hand I don't don't get me wrong at
some point they're gonna ask her hey
what happened and they gotta ask about
some of the details so it's one thing to
ask probing questions about that day cuz
they don't have a choice
it's another thing to then to go further
and say or who else did you date and
what kind of woman were you at the age
of 15 now if they go in that direction I
think that's wrong whether the Senators
do it or the prosecutor do it does it
but don't get me wrong I gotta they
gotta find out what happened that day to
the best of their ability now on the
other hand it is incredible political
cowardice on the part of the Republican
senators to basically hide behind
Rachel Mitchell's skirt and say okay hey
man it's not me it's not me I got a
woman
a woman I got a woman to do it so it's
okay I'm not guilty
no just at least have the courage to
represent yourself they didn't elect her
they elected you to represent them so
but then they don't have that kind of
courage so they're gonna hide behind her
well before they grow some courage or
develop some courage they might want to
learn Mitchell's name especially when
they're gonna do press conferences and
interviews so here's Mitch McConnell
discussing this prosecutor and also
giving her a different title during the
conference take a look I don't think
because you happen to be a male you're
disqualified from listen from listening
to the evidence from listening to the
evidence and making a decision based
upon the evidence as I said earlier and
I think you already know we have hired a
female assistant to go on staff and to
ask these questions in a respectful and
professional way female assistants she's
a prosecutor okay so there's that but I
want to look a lot of people are
outraged by that I don't think we're I
don't know I'll speak for myself I'm not
as outraged it's just it does speak to a
frame of mind right we've hired a female
we know you already said her name
everybody knows but heaven it's okay we
do female female female right and she's
now an assistant just call her a queer
but you know I my guess as to why he
paused you notice him pause there and
went with assistant which sounds a
little degrading to some people right
I'm not as well no no it's annoying okay
but I think that he didn't want to call
her a prosecutor because they hired a
prosecutor to go after her so I think
that's why he was like a female
mmm assistant yeah like let me I'm not
outraged in the context of what's going
on right now that is the least
outrageous thing that's happening a
great degree so then you have Senator
John Kennedy who can't even remember the
prosecutors name during an interview I
don't know that every committee member
has given up the right to ask questions
but I know
I intend to defer to I can't remember
the name of the prosecutors nationwide
saying miss Mitchell yes you see the
Cryptkeeper
she said said who that is okay so look
to be fair to John Kennedy he did once
grill Trump of judicial appointee in a
terrific way so I don't I don't care
that's a separate thing um he remembered
his talking points during that interview
he remembered he remembered them real
well look and again in the context of
what's going on these are the least
outrageous things that these Republican
senators are doing but with that said
understand what they're doing understand
what their motivations are they're not
getting a woman involved because they
want to be sensitive to the assault
victim here alleged assault victim
they're doing it because they want to
hide behind her skirt and they don't
want to lose political points by doing
what they really want to do which is
hounding her smearing her probably
asking her questions that are degrading
look the hearings gonna happen tomorrow
this is my speculation as to what's
gonna happen during the hearing but I
would love to take a bet and prove that
my speculation is gonna be right
by the way we'll be covering the
hearings TYT comm /live you'll get to
watch all the hearings and our analysis
live on it throughout the day tomorrow
one last thing on this they need a hill
hearings were 91 27 years ago at the
time every single person on the
committee was a white male and in Mitch
McConnell's right just cuz you're a
white male doesn't disqualify you from
having opinions on this issue but what
would also be helpful to the American
people having a variety of perspectives
especially a woman's perspective in a
situation like this not exclusively but
it would be nice to have some women in
the room to ask questions as well so
well the Democrats have accomplished
their end of it to some degree there
will be four Democratic senators who are
women who will be participating because
they're the ones on the Judiciary
Committee Feinstein Kamla Harris Hirono
from Hawaii and Amy Klobuchar from
Venice
the Republicans all 11 are still white
males and but no that's not that's at
this point I suppose unsurprising
because that is the great majority of
their voters but this is the stunning
fact in the 202 a year history of the
Judiciary Committee in the United States
Senate the Republicans have never put a
woman on that committee never not once
is 11 people on the committee and they
rotate and through 202 years they just
couldn't find a way to put a woman on a
Judiciary Committee let's take a break
when we come back
Tommy Lehren will show her share her
stupidity with us once again in regard
to these allegations
