they're gonna kill net neutrality brock
obama almost did it and the guy he
appointed a GPI is gonna do it so I by
the way couple Democrats went along with
three getting this guy reappointed a
sheep I to do this and so I wanted to be
I just wanted so you know why that's bad
net neutrality is important because the
speed at which everybody gets access is
the same so now without net neutrality
now they can charge you more money to go
to use the Google's let's say if you
have Verizon is your internet provider
they on Yahoo so they'll let you use a
Google search engine like Yahoo for free
but they'll charge you for google
although charge you to use dogpile or
charge you to use DuckDuckGo you see how
this works so they they have ways to get
rid of competition and that's what this
is all about they can make you pay more
money to see a progressive website which
by the way Google's already doing that
they're already throttling places like
common dreams org so that's already
happening so anything else you want to
say about how bad net neutrality is
before we get into the protest what net
neutrality is good I mean he's good but
repealing it is bad yeah it's bad so I
caught the tail end of a GTI today on
NPR and of course you know there's a
bunch of softball questions and he made
it sound like nothing's gonna change you
know everything will be fine don't worry
everyone who's upset by this there's an
alarmist so you know you're gonna have
that spin and folks are asking well why
did net net neutrality get spiked by the
by the FCC why did the other side win
don't Google and Amazon and Apple have a
lot of money too
they do but gee pi is he's a Verizon guy
yeah that's where he was from so we know
how this is gonna work
one day Ajit will leave the FCC and Greg
will work for it let me guess I'm gonna
I'm gonna prognosticate Verizon
I'm gonna guess I think I paid very
handsomely there yes that's how it works
so so we go ahead mark Milken well I
just the it was interesting about this
situation or one thing I find everything
about it is that we focus on Donald from
how horrible Donald
and so forth but a jeep I could have
more harmful long-term consequences for
the nation and the world because of this
decision then Donald Trump because the
what the Internet has allowed for us I
mean you just know that all the freedom
that we have experienced because of the
net neutrality over the past 25 years or
so is the kind of thing that the
executives at Comcast like it's hate it
yes it is just free it's just there are
people interacting on their pipe there
those are our pipes and they're just
getting free we don't get the Charter
gonna put a little boot in there and
take a little skim a little off the top
what the is going on here and now
finally they're going to get their wish
and we're all screwed I mean it's it's
the potential consequences of this you
know they're really immeasurable
considering how the Internet has become
the just part of the fabric of our lives
and they're just got airports and so
people say well Facebook won't be
throttled and you'll be able to get yeah
but then Facebook does its own internal
censorship right so then they will they
won't they'll ban your account if you
post a story they don't like it just
happened to a friend of mine or they'll
believe me when progressives start to
use any kind of media that threatens the
establishment they will shut that down
immediately look what they did to MSNBC
it was threatening the establishment
they fired Phil Donahue it threatened
their net neutrality it fired ed Schultz
there you go but also I mean look if you
even make the argument that Facebook
will be okay what they'll be okay
because they have a lot of money so
let's say variety you could communicate
through face right right Facebook can
also shut you down well that's a
separate issue but the point is if Rison
slows the internet way way down is to
pay a toll to have better speeds well
Facebook they they could afford that
toll yes but maybe the young turks can't
write read or can't write so facebook
now has this massive advantage over you
on top of other times they've already
had yeah so you're forced to go to
Facebook but now you're at their mercy
yes they can control everything else
there so it compounds a problem and it
really limits that free market and
competition that we theoretically all
care about so that's a real problem
there and I have a lot of friends who
are Indian American and they're often
very proud of Indian Americans and media
and in politics who have you know
risen to great heights but not so proud
of this guy yeah they're not proud of
him and I tell them that Ajit pi is too
Indian Americans what John you is to
create Americans to folks who've climbed
the ranks of our political system to do
great damage to our society for a very
long period of time and for those who
don't know John Woo was a guy who who
authored the torture memos under the
Bush administration that justified
torture as enhanced interrogation yep
that's John you so what can we do about
it what can we do there's really not
much to do but I say we go out with one
big last harangue and if you go to my
computer Verizon protests calm they're
doing one the new chairman of the FCC
was a top lawyer at Verizon he now he's
calling for a vote to kill net
neutrality were protesting at retail
stores across the United States to
demand that Congress stop Verizon's
puppet FCC from destroying the Internet
as we know it so this is gonna happen on
December 7th it's and you go to Verizon
protests calm there's a map there that
shows you all the different cities where
they're gonna be doing these protests
there's the map right so you can click
find a protest
you could also host a protest if there
isn't a protest happening in your city
you can host a protest and why Verizon
well the new chairman is Ajit PI of the
FCC he's a former top lawyer for Verizon
and the company has been spending
millions on lobbying in lawsuits to kill
net neutrality so they can gouge us all
for more money by protesting at Verizon
stores we're shining a light on the
corruption and demanding that our local
our local do something about it only
Congress has the power to stop Verizon's
puppet FCC so at the protests we'll be
calling and tweeting at legislators and
in cities where it's possible we'll
march from Verizon stores to lawmakers
office offices and how can you join well
you go there you click there there's a
map you can sign up and it's going to
happen on December 7th and protest
representing growing grassroots backlash
to the FCC's plan which polls show is
widely unpopular with people from across
the political spectrum
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
