leakers have spoken to reporters at
Politico and have disclosed the fact
that behind the scenes Trump privately
doubted mores female accusers which
isn't surprising considering some of the
statements that Trump made publicly
yesterday but according to Politico
during animated conversations with
senior Republicans and White House aides
the president said he doubted the
stories presented by Moore's accusers
and questioned why they were emerging
now I just want to quickly address the
last part of that where people can't
understand why women are coming are they
living under a rock
there are women coming forward in
various cases that impact various
professions there is this opening of the
floodgates where people feel comfortable
for the first time to talk about what
they've gone through with sexual
harassment or sexual assault in some
cases rape so that's why women are
coming out well look I want to add
something you guys yeah that is
undoubtedly true there's an extra
element here and both things are at play
yes during a political campaign the
other side does what is called Oppo
research they look at their opposition
and they try to find out dirt on them
and then they go and tell the press and
the press if they can verify it will
then run that opposition research for
example before the election no one ran
the Oppo research on Trump the Russian
dossier because they couldn't verify it
afterwards BuzzFeed ran it and because
they thought it was verified or not
whether you agree with that or disagree
with that is a different story but and
then Oppo research was initially started
by Republicans in the primary against
Trump so now in this case some people
think and I mean the look I don't mind
their internal civil war and punching
each other in the face but our job is to
be honest with you I don't think that it
was the establishment Republicans
because if they had that opera research
they would have released it during the
primary when they're supporting Luther
strange they don't lose that seat in
Alabama losing his seat in Alabama is
disastrous for Mitch McConnell on the
establishment Republicans if they had it
they would have released it in the
primaries yeah it in this case it likely
is the Democrats who helped to dig it up
and then it was the job of the
journalist to verify it they cannot run
it if they haven't verified it
yes it probably helped in that process
that we are in a moment in time where
women now feel that it is okay for them
to come forward and tell their stories
with all the things that have gone on
with Ailes and Weinstein and all the
others so that is why it came out now
right exactly so you know yes there is
an opera research component to it but
that's to be expected with every
candidate who ever runs for any office
now
I quickly referenced Trump's public
statements that he made yesterday she
want to briefly show you what those
statements were because he thinks that
there is potentially someone worse
getting elected than a child molester
take a look we don't need a liberal
person in there a Democrat Jones I've
looked at his record it's terrible in
crime it's terrible in the border it's
terrible in the military I can tell you
for a fact we do not need somebody
that's going to be bad on crime bad on
borders bad with the military bad for
the Second Amendment yet by the way no
Jones prosecuted Klan members so he's a
prophet he was a prosecutor so he's not
bad on crime maybe he just didn't Trump
didn't like the people he prosecuted
right but so either way though he's
saying well look and I get it he doesn't
want Doug Jones Doug Jones is not
anybody's liberal but but he's not as
insane right-wing as Roy Moore and it is
not clear which way he would vote on tax
cuts and Roy Moore is a guaranteed vote
for tax cuts that would give the Trump
family billions of dollars so he's
saying well you know he might be a child
molester
but he's gonna put money in my pocket
what do I care about and besides what
are we talking about here Trump is a
predator and Trump has 16 woman accusing
him of ranging from sexual harassment to
very significant sexual assault so of
course he's gonna defend his fellow
predator like this was a big mystery
which direction Trump was gonna come in
a night I wasn't surprised I mean the
fact that he immediately wanted to
comment
anyone else that was accused of sexual
assault but didn't want to comment on
Roy Moore until he was absolutely forced
to said something and by the way he
compares himself to Roy Moore right I
mean he also had all those accusations
against him those pesky pesky
accusations of sexual assault and
harassment and in this Politico magazine
article they reference insiders White
House advisors saying that that Trump
could relate to more not just on sexual
harassment stuff but that the rest of
the Republicans at that moment he felt
like when the Access Hollywood tape came
out abandoned him and and then he knew
who was really on his side like oh then
I know who's in favor of sexual
harassment and who isn't and they
abandoned me even though I would commit
random sexual assaults on women because
I'm powerful so I hate them forever so
he's like I don't want to do the same
thing to Roy Moore so I did sexual
assault he did sexual assault I don't
want to abandon him he needs me now so
I'm going to ride to his defense that's
fine and if you're in Alabama and you
vote for Roy Moore you are voting for
being Pro child molestation you are you
are just raise your hand and admit it
say look I think that the you know him
not liking Muslims and whoever else I
don't like is more and him giving tax
cuts to the rich is more important to me
than he was then the fact that he he he
sexually assaulted a 14 year old girl
that he tried to rape a 16 year old girl
he's gonna get elected no Doug Jones
that's what I thought too Doug Joe is
now running much tougher ads calling him
they're basically the child molester
that he is so now there's some chance
that that he could lose look just like
Trump and a lot of Alabama our problems
are love Trump it's okay just raise your
hand when you go in to the voting booth
and say I am voting for the child
molester because I think that's more
important just be clear about it that's
all if you liked this video you probably
like independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
com /join
