Michigan representative John Conyers is
now facing a House Ethics Committee
investigation following two accusations
of sexual harassment and his admission
that he paid a relatively small
settlement to one of the women that he
fired allegedly for denying his advances
so the committee is aware of public
allegations that representative John
Conyers jr. may have engaged in sexual
harassment of members of his staff
discriminated against certain staff on
the basis of age and used official
resources for impermissible personal
purposes that was a comment from
representative Susan Brooks and
representative Ted Deutsch is it Deutsch
yes yes Deutsch in regard to this
investigation that they're launching now
when it comes to that settlement Conyers
paid his former employee more than
$27,000 from office funds after she made
the harassment accusations listing the
payments as employee severance so he is
standing by that claim that he fired
this person but you know that money was
not a settlement it was the severance
that he wanted to pay her I'm totally
reserving judgment on this and by that
I'm being quite literal it might turn
out that Conyers did it and if they show
that and they've got the evidence to
back that up then he's gotta go he's
gonna retire anyway but you know they
should definitely do the investigation
they should figure out what happened I'm
not one of those guys like no don't have
se gate we've got people on my side no
do the investigation find out but it
might also be that he didn't do it so he
says quote I expressly and vehemently
denied allegations made against me and
continue to do so
$27,000 could be a severance payment
that is a normal sized severance payment
and so there could be an internal
disagreement in the staff and and he
says well I'm not admitting to any
wrongdoing but yeah I'll give you a
severance and and maybe the person
worked for them a long time maybe they
were for him a short time maybe he did
it maybe he didn't do it we don't know
yet so I'm not looking to block any
investigation but I'm also not looking
to prejudge Conyers
on something he says he clearly did not
do and there is like for example there's
been a thousand cases where people like
Bill O'Reilly and Roger Ailes giant
settlements nine million dollar
settlement it's what was one of them was
with it was a thirty million like
nobody's giving those kind of
settlements if they didn't do it at
twenty seven thousand dollar thing might
literally be a severance payment so it's
not determinative at all
and yes in some cases before things are
adjudicated the case seems fairly clear
and you can take whatever political
leaning you want Harvey Weinstein a
liberal clearly did it yeah okay Charlie
Rose in my opinion clearly did it Brett
Ratner clearly did it in my opinion
these are all my opinion Roger Ailes
clearly did it Bill O'Reilly clearly did
it John Conyers what evidence do you
have of anything yeah usually when you
know accusers come out against a liberal
they take ownership pretty quickly right
so Franken did that I mean there was
clear evidence in the Franken case with
that photo and you know the same goes
with Weinstein releasing that ridiculous
statement and the apology in this case
it's it's interesting because Conyers
denies it so vehemently and you're right
the number or the amount paid to the
woman is you know something that's
consistent with Severin Severin says so
I don't know either what I do know is I
like that there's an investigation into
this right and and I hope that they find
out what the reality is and what the
truth is I think for far too long people
were uncomfortable coming out to talk
about it and even if they did no action
was taken
so this investigation is important and I
hope that it you know finds what we're
looking for and by the way the fact that
he vehemently denies it doesn't prove
anything either right i prompt and more
vehemently denied no i and i mentioned
the same thing that's why we're saying
investigation in this case without any
evidence at all i don't think it makes
any sense to jump to conclusions if you
like the young turks you'll love young
turks membership TYT Network concise
join
