all right hello everybody this is gonna
be a fascinating panel I want to set the
context for you guys real quick though
so I want everybody to introduce
themselves as quickly as we can and then
we're going to get to questions so zhudi
go ahead my name is Judy Jasper it's a
pleasure to be here I run an American
Islamic forum for democracy our
organization was founded in 2003 under
the premise that terrorism is simply a
symptom of a larger global problem of
political Islam or the Islamic state
ideology Isis then exists at the time we
are countering any idea of the Islamic
Republic's of Iran Saudi Arabia any
Sharia based state if you will we
believe is the root cause of terror we
believe Islam is in that time of history
in which Reformation needs to happen
against modernity so our narrative is to
push media to address not symptoms but
root cause ideologies that we believe is
Islamism and we do that through a
positive identity of secular identity as
citizens to a government blind to
religion per se alright so we will have
disagreements on this panel Bjorn so hi
I'm Bjorn and thank you all for coming I
work with the Khalifah ealer Institute
which was started last year building on
a larger body of work among others with
a diversity dialogue we focus on
countering extremism and countering
terrorism and general peacebuilding
working off of a platform of the
understanding of extremism as the denial
of diversity in some form or another
that builds on my experience of meeting
with a ton of former extremist people
who used to be in various extremist
movements and learning from them about
how they became extremists and how they
stopped being extremists which was
prompted by myself almost being killed
by a far-right extremist in Norway back
in 2011 very very happy to be here
Sascha Havlicek I run the Institute for
Strategic Dialogue which I helped set up
in 2006 since then we've been working to
counter extremism across the ideological
spectrum from far-right - Islamist
increasingly around the world we've
developed programs
that our innovations in dealing with
this problem working with many many
partners as we've seen the problem
migrate online since we're here at the
internet forum I should say we do more
and more work of course with the
internet companies with technology and
communication partners to look at how we
can push back the radicalization
challenge online alright great now the
point of this is to discuss terrorism
within the context of the media and the
narratives so I know that some of our
panelists are going to think that Islam
is not necessarily the main form of tear
terrorism or where it comes from in the
u.s. particularly in zhudi you're in the
u.s. what's your take on that is Islamic
terrorism the number one issue with of
terrorism in America or no well I think
it would be you know disingenuous to say
that it's the only form of terrorism but
I think in order to cure each form you
don't take terrorism which is a symptom
all as one block you cure each problem
with its root cause I'm a physician I
treat simple treat symptoms I treat root
causes the disease and the cancer that
causes Islamist inspired extremism is
Islamism so violent Islamism the
precursor of that is nonviolent Islamism
no different than nonviolent
anti-semitism is a precursor of violent
anti-semitism violent homophobia as a
Freaker is pre cursed by non-violent
homophobia so I can help you as a Muslim
by countering Islamism terms like
Islamophobia I think stifle the
conversation I think looking at Muslims
as simply a minority in the American
context rather than having a unique
responsibility in the laboratory of
freedom to counter the root causes that
exist in Iran and Saudi Arabia and Egypt
where they can't do it we had a massive
opportunity Jenkin the Arab Awakening
that the United States because of its
ethnocentrism of looking at Muslims only
through the lens of who we are as a
checkbox for the left or the right in
America rather than globally we're 1.6
billion Muslims are going through a
disruption process which I think forums
like this should be leading which is
Internet companies should be giving
Muslims
a handle and the respect a tough love to
counter our establishment that is the
root cause and in America our dialogue
unfortunately has been which party can
really protect Muslims or the security
issue rather than looking at the
narrative globally okay
there's certainly a lot I disagree with
about that but I want to save that for a
second and and go to the question that
we were addressing so Sasha I know that
you all study how the media is handling
terrorism and the issue of extremism in
the US Europe and other parts of the
world so in the u.s. the same question
that I asked is Islamic terrorism
actually the number one problem in terms
of terrorism it's interesting in terms
of terrorist attacks successful
terrorist attacks since 9/11 in the u.s.
75 and sorry 73 percent of those have
been linked either to white supremacist
groups anti-government
anti-establishment groups or neo-nazi
groups but I should say what we've
learned working across different
ideologies now for decade is that the
anatomy of extremist groups is much the
same it posits the superiority of an
in-group over all other groups and
propagates and us and them narrative
first potentially quite non-violently
and then of course progressively more
and more violently all of those
ideological streams from fascism to
Islamist extremism are a massive problem
and they share a lot in common we
learned that bringing together former
extremists from across the ideological
spectrum and starting to work with them
build a network and understand with them
how do we start to unplug this problem
how do we both prevent and bring young
people often out of these movements so
Bjorn it sounded like what you were
saying is that you're trying to study
all the different forms of extremism and
break down the root cause which could
arguably be the same as what soot zhudi
saying but he's doing a subset of that
is that right or wrong and and do you
agree or disagree with his take on it
well I I do to some extent agree with
and I think he is working on one subset
and I think that's very helpful to to
address the issues all that one subset
but what I wanted to look at was cream
ISM as a whole and see what are the
unifying factors behind these subsets of
extremists and so if you look at
Islamism
yeah behind there is Islam as an
ideology behind the far-right extremism
there's far-right ideology you can look
at the ideologies but what the unifying
factors are is things like people
seeking some sort of belonging somewhere
some sense of purpose some sort of
wanting to change the world in the
direction where they take care of who
they see as part of their group or their
tribe and there's kind of that tribalism
as a problem and what social said there
is it breaks down to us and them it begs
them to Hughie's at the end the end grip
and who's in the out group and so the
way in which I've defined the problem
essentially is by looking at diversity
and saying that violent extremism is the
vile denial of diversity is the violent
denial of difference of people having
different opinions or a different way of
life or a different religion or you know
a different skin color than what you
have and so extremist is someone who
wants to exterminate the people who are
different from them and the antithesis
to that is diversity it's making people
accepting of the fact that people are
different than how we can live together
peacefully and be different but and so I
work on trying to horizons and trying to
make people feel comfortable enough with
their own identities to not feel
threatened by other people having a
different identity okay I'm gonna go to
sue D next but I just want to say that I
never thought about it that way that
it's not like when you think about the
9/11 bombers they weren't like hey
Buddhist shoes you're all welcome right
or Brevik or any of the guys who are on
the right wing extremists they they do
not welcome diversity that that is a
unifying factor I have to honestly admit
after all the years that I had missed so
it's really interesting addition to the
to the dialogue but zhudi you wanted
yeah I wanted to say that there you know
just to simply elucidate one point which
I think is really important is the
conflation of extremism by fascist
groups in the West white supremacist
groups whatever that might be with
Islamist extremism just because they use
the same tactic which is to violently
kill innocent people
is I think very detrimental to treating
the problem across the Muslim world the
reason it's detrimental is it's a
historic the West is living in a bastion
of secular liberal democracies yes
they've reverted to fascism in the last
century and then after World War two
that went away so I'm not saying that
isn't something to pay attention to
which is hyper nationalism but to say
Islamist extremism is just all the same
thing is absurd because it in a way
negates the harm of hundreds of
governments that are running hundreds of
millions of people across the planet the
theocracy in Iran the Islamic Republic
of Pakistan the wahhabis of Saudi Arabia
the Economist in mean and in in Egypt
the Tunisian and nada the AKP and Turkey
these are huge Islamist movements we can
choose to take on their precursors which
are the abuse of women the hate of other
faiths the hate of moderate Muslims
apostates blasphemy laws and if you
conflate that with simple hyper
nationalism in the West because they use
the same tactic you are going to avoid
and actually anesthetize Muslims to the
solution that we need globally which is
the overthrow of the regimes you can't
solve Isis I'm from Syria my family's
from Syria you can't solve Isis with
Assad in power you need a
democratization of Syria no matter how
ridiculous you think that thought is you
will never have terrorism go away it'll
continue a whack-a-mole program unless
you democratize and secularize those
societies absolutely impossible to
proceed without man but make no mistake
extremists near Nazi although there's a
wide spectrum now of far-right groupings
that are connecting the dots and
tactically a-lying and their objective
is the same it is the overthrow of the
system of the democratic system they may
not be quite as
at it at this point in time as many of
these other groups you're talking about
but they are on the rise in Europe
across Europe we've seen this is an
undercurrent that absent flows depending
on the time but this is a major systemic
challenge now for many many societies
let's not underestimate it but the
system's overthrow piece is what what I
think we need to be clear about these
are many in many ways the same beasts
the one is theater classic in its
orientation and the other may not be but
the ideologies are very similar and
there's another problem that arises from
your line of thought which is first of
all I think factually you're incorrect
you know you talk about Islam needs
Reformation and it's a standard talking
point that I hear and oh it's 500 years
behind well know Islam was in many
respects and earlier empires ahead of
Europe so it's not a simple matter of a
time line and you and people make it
seem like Christianity is hunky-dory and
and when wonderful Reformation the
Holocaust was what 70 years ago it seems
like Christianity was monstrous just 70
years ago way worse than Islam has ever
been that any religion has ever been
little if you took your point of view
in 1942 you would say the Christians are
the worst the Christian estar the ones
that are destroying the world we must
reform Christianity which is so barbaric
that it has just killed 13 million
people these Christians are the problem
now I say that as a prelude to can you
not see that when you say what you said
that people think oh a lot of
right-wingers especially oh right right
Muslims are the problem Muslims are
backwards and we must address Islam
before anything else especially given
that three-quarters of the terrorism in
America is actually right-wing
terrorists the the stats are using our
very deceptive which is you're saying
three-quarters you do the population
ratios when Muslims are three you know
barely 1 to 2% and then you ratio that
to the amount of terrorism so our tires
I'm telling you that Muslims
to be not treated as children and
infantilized but rather treated as
adults which is that you have to expect
of them not to view us in a narrative of
we want to coddle muslims and ignore the
fact that and most of the mosques women
are are separated they're not on boards
they can't even be seen at the base of
the mosque in the in the in the main
center of prac of prayer worship and
then we ignore all of that because we
want to use them in an identity politic
for our partisan politics and to say
that Hitler and other fascist movements
were Christian as' they weren't citing
from Scripture they weren't wearing
robes of the Church of England literally
not true well there he it ignores the
Enlightenment and that the 30 Years War
in which 8 million people died that was
against theocracy America's foundation
was against theocracy Hitler's movement
was a racial fascism that wasn't about
theocracy and I'm telling you now that
if you're going to defeat Islamist
inspired terrorism Isis gets its ideas
the founding fathers of Isis are the
Saudis the Wahhabi ideology they've
beheaded more people in Saudi Arabia
than Isis has in the last year if you
want to defeat that we have to stop
coddling governments like the Saudis
saying that their reformist when in fact
they are putting the nails in the coffin
of most reformers like myself we have a
reform movement that has a declaration
that's two pages why don't they have us
when you talk about diversity in the
Muslim community instead of putting the
same old Islamist organizations up that
say oh we are the victims and we are
being criticized by Islamophobia Islam
is an idea it doesn't have rights
Muslims have rights Islamophobia is a
term generated by these governments to
prevent online media critique of Islam
and its need to reform so the narrative
you're giving actually empowers the
regime's PR mechanisms through media to
make you afraid to criticize Islam
because Muslims in America would be the
victims of your narrative and that is
absurd we're adults we can take we can
take care of ourselves and when you're
talking about Muslims as diverse instead
of putting an Egyptian a Pakistani and a
Syrian as if diversity how about you put
a liberal Muslim conservative a gay
Muslim a
a socialist Muslim as diversity which
you're not seeing right now yeah well if
you watch our show you would know that
we attack Saudi Arabia the government of
Iran oftentimes criticizes very harshly
Turkey etc for the fundamentalist act
that they're taking you can criticize
Islam I'm by the way I left Islam so you
might think that perhaps I'm the Muslim
and and he's the atheist I'm actually
the atheist he's the Muslim so you
should be working with us rather than oh
because Judy what you're doing is
stigmatizing 1.6 billion people and I
might not be a mother I care about them
you're stinking I think the Islamists
speak for us they don't know
conversation because we should all be
fighter together ultimately we're
looking at fighting for pluralist
environment which enables the freedom of
every individual and so this slinging
match isn't getting us there and we have
to start to now work from upstream to
downstream across communities we all
have tendencies towards vicious toyed
ideologies they are the same they seek
the same thing is little worse than
every other fashion side deal Islam
Islam is similar to her Christianity was
in 1539 because you are trying to smear
is Muslims look I was yes that's exactly
what you're doing
so obviously a historic that and discuss
the king of Saudi Arabia would be very
happy with what you're saying right now
the king of Saudi Arabia hates me
threatened to murder his long you see
movies are victims and your solution to
the problem Syria is the democratization
of Syria what you're working for freedom
of expression and as a mean for you know
the station of the world and so
democracy and freedom of expression and
thus also diversity of ideas is what you
both are promoting as the solutions to
the problem and that is the solution to
the problem whether you call the
ideology that you're fighting against
that's more weather as far-right fascism
or whether it's Islamist fascism or
whatever kind of extreme ideology it is
so eventually I hear your brother but if
he was fighting as just extremism then
I'd be a hundred percent with him but at
every turn and we had a great
conversation beforehand but you come out
here and at every term you're like
Muslims are worse Muslims or worse
Muslims are worse and that's
preposterous not true and it smears 1.6
billion people and I'm not going to
stand for it
you know their point of this doesn't
speeding them it's trying to wake them
up - hold on a second that is completely
unfair we are living in an anesthesia
where your your benign negligence of
Muslim responsibility to counter the
theocrats at the pulpits of every mosque
in America and in the West and just say
oh forget the anti-semitism the
homophobe every Muslim is like that
alright Sasha the panel's media
narratives are on terrorism and zooty
claims that in the West
Muslims are coddled that they are
especially protected when you turn on
television do Muslims are coddled to you
yes
so let's look forward I think Buren and
I are gonna take over moderating now
that's what we're gonna do so looking
looking at the media it's interesting
because of course these kinds of
conversations are widely popularized and
polarizing and we see this interesting
actually because much of the work that
we do on counterterrorism looks at the
online space as the focal point of where
this is all happening radicalization
recruitment as well but actually
mainstream media plays an unbelievably
important role in terms of the the
meta-narratives how people understand
their own identity it is absolutely
clear that young Muslims waking out to a
post 9/11 media environment are going to
be asking questions about their identity
and it is not an easy environment number
one that doesn't mean that one needs to
pander or coddle those people that would
push extremists view
on the contrary we need to be engaging
people we need to be engaging the people
that are most likely to be able to fight
those ideologies which is people within
their own communities young people by
the way on a peer-to-peer basis it isn't
all so grand chief sitting looking down
at their people saying you must do this
you must do that
these kids are online searching for
whatever shake google coined this is
this is a phrase coined by Farah Pandith
sitting in front of me so I'm channeling
her but the but the point is that we
need to start to build the kinds of
credible movements within communities to
fight against the the onslaught of
propaganda mainstream media amazing
actually when you look at Isis's
playbook on propaganda they're very
clear about the weaponization of
mainstream Western media as part of that
playbook so they know that the way in
which we report on these things is a
fantastic way to glorify their ends and
so we do fall into the trap in many ways
of glorifying and there is an imbalance
in the way that we report on the
different types of extremism that we see
a plane so Bjorn on the glorification
it's a tough situation for the media to
be and I I think in some ways by
creating the imbalance of overhyping
every Muslim attack and under hyping
this 3/4 of right wing terrorist attacks
by the way I don't know if you guys know
this there was an assassination attempt
on Donald Trump so it didn't just happen
so don't panic it happened during the
campaign and it was by an undocumented
immigrant yet almost none of you have
probably heard about it certainly in the
audience almost no one's heard about it
why it was a white British guy so it was
no big deal and the press didn't talk
about it if that guy's name was Judy's
name hmm everyone would have talked
about it forever and you all know it it
doesn't matter where you are in the
political spectrum so but on the other
hand Bjorn what are you supposed to not
talk about these huge terrorist attacks
like the one that just happened in New
York so how do you solve that well I
think you need to talk about it in a
more nuanced way and I think you need to
cover
every terrorist attack kind of equally
and equalizing them I mean in Sweden in
February we had three bombs planted
around in the city of Guttenberg and
they happen to be targeting refugee
centers and migration centers and they
blew up a guy and they were planted by
the far-right the Nordic resistance
force later and their guys drove into a
crowd of people not once but twice you
guys heard about like one guy who drove
into a car other people in calm this
other guy drove into a crowd in smoke um
a couple of weeks earlier his car was
painted with swastikas like no one heard
about that one hurt you know it's it's
the same kind of thing it's
underreported because it happens to be a
white guy now like one of the points I
want to make as well is that Joseph
couples was a fairly leading Nazi but
one of the things he said was if you
tell something enough times it becomes
the truth and if you keep telling
Islamists or Muslims that they are
Islamists that they are terrorists that
they are evil then that eventually
becomes something that people who
identify as Muslims will identify with
and so that's a push factor pushes
people into Islamist extremism who are
of Muslim origin and we're seeing that
happening across the west where we see
people who don't feel that they are
belonging that they're fitting into
Western society because they are being
perceived by the rest of their society
as Muslims who are being pushed into
then extremist communities and then on
the other hand we have white majority
who's seeing Muslims as a credible
threat because they are getting over
hives to some extent while not realizing
that the problem is not which Allah ji
you believe in but that you believe in
killing people that in hurting people
who are different from you people even
different things from you
or he simply looks different but the
media I want in balance sorry isn't just
in terms of the different types of
extremism we in the West only really
report on attacks in the West even by
Islamists so the Paris attack in 2015
for instance got I think 17 times the
coverage that the the attack in Beirut
got the day before that I mean we just
don't look at it in a broader context
which also feeds this idea of the clash
of civilizations this is just happening
to us and them and the so we don't we
don't shape that Lamont has taken an
interesting approach to this the French
newspaper they have stopped publishing
photos of terrorists and their names and
of course they report on the attack and
then and then others have looked to
focus on the victims and named them and
give them their place in this space so I
think there are ways in which one can
report in more innovative ways on these
attacks without glorifying yeah at the
young turks we after the first day we
try really hard not to show the picture
or name either the terrorists or the
mass shooters because I agree with Bjorn
I think they're looking for glory in all
the wrong ways and we don't want to give
them that glory but zhudi I wanted to
let you jump in and also ask you
following these so do you think that the
mainstream media in the US where you're
from is handling it appropriately that
they should be focusing more on the
Muslim attacks or maybe even more so
than they already are
again I don't know if I'd compare them I
think each one has issues whether it's
on the the radical Psychopaths that do
what they do at the church recently etc
that needs to be addressed as a
psychiatric issue that we're not
treating mental health well but when it
comes to Muslim radicals or Islamist
militants if you will I would ask the
medium the reason I've taken the time to
come from Arizona to this meeting is the
Middle East transformed itself now it's
gone steps backwards but it was for the
first time my grandfather was in and out
of jail under the Baathist my parents
escaped Syria 2011 was a watershed
moment a tipping point in history over
the past hundreds of years that was an
opportunity to finally defeat the root
causes it was changed by Google Twitter
YouTube Syria was the YouTube revolution
that now we've sort of turned a blind
eye to we're not looking to the use of
chemical weapons etc and to mistake the
deep direct covalent connection between
those dictatorships the Arab Awakening
and the means for
disruption I would tell you that Muslim
communities would benefit from
disruption whatever it takes to disrupt
us the nerrit because Muslims are three
or four million Muslims in America the
the minorities living in the West we
have a laboratory to do things that
needs this networking to be done in
order to bypass the current
establishment power structures that are
ossified and fossilized in the eighth
and ninth century they're not advancing
and in order to do that and have that
discussion it has to be had in the media
the media has to have that social media
traditional media is not having it
because left and right the left says
it's all a psychiatric issues of the
right says well Islam is the problem in
the middle is ninety percent of the of
the free world saying where are you guys
where's your diversity and we need to
have that conversation and it has to
start here in social media but zhudi it
sounded like what I want you to clarify
that you were saying that in the case of
the mass shootings and the non Muslim
extremism it's a mental health issue but
when it comes to Muslims it's not a
mental health issue it's not and the
baddy Osama bin Laden are not mentally
ill people these are fascists so white
people are mentally ill but cause them
quit using me quit using me as an as a
as a lens through which to look at
partisan politics if you want to look at
Christian radicalism we can do that but
I'm not your expert for that I am a
Muslim reformer who believes that we are
coming through a time that we need to
defeat theocracy no different than
Jefferson Madison and the founding
fathers did in the West that's where
Islam is today and you are talking to me
as if somehow I'm conflated with the
u.s. Communist Party and others I would
be my antagonist if you look at this
discussion in the Middle East the
antagonist is the Muslim Brotherhood
party political parties that are based
in Islam
in the West you don't have those type of
political parties other than a few yes
the KKK and others but they are on the
margins they're marginal so the
three-quarters of our terrorist attacks
are marginal but the one quarter is
central I got it so now again I want to
go
to the issue the media and these
narratives so Sasha how do you fight
against radicalization whether it's
far-right extremism or Islamic extremism
but not perpetuate the narrative that
those people are in those groups and I
think something that actually zhudi
struggling with in a sense I don't know
if he knows he's struggling with it but
how do i defeat Muslim fundamentalism a
goal that I completely agree with
without seeming to target Muslims it's
interesting is we've we've been looking
at this from a far too narrow
perspective for a very long time people
in the political space social scientists
academics think tankers and actually
we're missing a beat here and that's why
I'm so excited to be here
we're not understanding that the
constituencies that are at risk of
recruitment radicalization that are
being bombarded on a day-in day-out
basis by content mainly online but
offline too that's seeking to recruit
them into these extreme polls we we
haven't given them the tools to respond
in any serious or scaled way and and
that's what we're in the business of
trying to do now we desperately need the
tools that you will have here
communication strategies and tools being
used to sell you stuff there's social
media marketing tactics that are selling
us politicians every day and coca-cola
but we need young people who are
credible within their own constituencies
that have influencers within their own
communities to have these sorts of tools
we need innovation in technology to come
to bear on this issue we haven't done
that at scale yet we've been excited
because we've had an opportunity now to
partner with the likes of Facebook and
Google and Microsoft to look at new ways
in which we enable credible voices at
the front line of these issues within
their own spaces to stand up and push
back in a variety of different ways
which was this is the other thing there
isn't one
point of which you radicalize there
isn't one point of which
you get moved in you need different
types of approaches and tactics and
narratives depending on where you are in
that again marketing experts know that
they know how to segment their audience
so we're trying to apply some of that
because from upstream to positive
messaging through to direct
interventions which we've led online
which have been incredibly successful in
partnership with the likes of Facebook
we have tools and we have the modalities
what we haven't done yet is scale so
look one way I do it is just try to
argue against religion period which I
know is not politically correct but I
think it's poison overall all the
religions not just one of them I think
they're all unfortunately totally wrong
the texts are wrong they lead to
violence and I think we have to change
the culture but most people are not
going to adopt that stance so Bjorn I
know you talked earlier and I want you
to share with everybody about reverse
engineering extremism and then I don't
know if you have time but can you
connect that to how the media can help
to do that
so reversion daring extremism is one of
the things I do then like a lot of that
has to do with figuring out what stories
people believe in within extremist
environments like what do they believe
to be the truth about themselves and
what do they believe to be through it
about others and we do that by analyzing
how messaging works within extremist
environments and data analysis is a big
part of that and trying to figure out
basically the dynamics of how
information looks and how is spread and
then we are using that to try to
replicate that information it sounds
other way we're trying to create
information that looks similar that
behaves similarly in cyberspace to the
information that spread by experience
but our information is slightly at edge
with what extremists are saying like we
entered a far-right space for instance
with the information that eventually led
them to you know helplines for people
who wanted to erratically and get out of
our rate movements and these are things
that can be done and that are done and I
think one interesting thing to kind of
underline this whole thing is that
you're self identifying as Muslim and
there's plenty of different ways of
understanding Islam and trying to find
nonviolent ways of understanding is
and teaching those ways in those spaces
where Islam is being understood as as my
own it's one way of creating a different
message and spreading a different
message and different narrative about
what Islam is to the people who self
identify as Muslim and I think that is
something that should be done to a much
larger extent that was right now and I
think the media could help in that both
in creating better messages for very
specific spaces but also in creating a
better larger overall narrative of who
we are as the majority and how we should
relate to our minorities and how we
should speak to each other and how we
should understand each other's cultures
and religions so we're out of time I
want to do very specific thank-yous here
because Sasha has been working on
fighting extremism for over a decade and
and helped Bjorn to get his group
started Bjorn not only survived brevets
attack but believes that he should have
the same human rights as everyone else's
and has fought for that that is a level
of magnanimous behavior I cannot imagine
and he was almost murdered by Brevik and
to then to fight for his rights is
amazing and zooty to have the courage to
come and and disagree and and honestly
it's you know in a situation where not
everybody agrees with you and to fight
for your principles even if we disagree
thank you so much for doing that and
thank you all for listening
