hey everyone its David Sirota so who's
your date for the tax prom are you going
to the tax prom what is the tax problem
you're asking the tax prom is a big
event happening in Washington DC this
week in which major corporations that
have a vested interest in keeping their
tax rates low and getting new tax cuts
they're holding a big gala a lavish
party for about six hundred
congressional staffers lobbyists and
vice president Mike Pence it's a huge
event that's happening that's known in
Washington as the tax prom it's it's an
event for the Tax Foundation and as we
reported International Business Times
the event is being bankrolled by major
corporations that have a vested interest
in keeping their tax rates low it's an
event designed to to basically celebrate
the Tax Foundation which is a which is a
group that that many people believe has
been behind pushing for more and more
tax cuts but the interesting thing about
this is that this event is happening at
a time right when Republican lawmakers
in Congress are negotiating the tax cut
bill and a new corporate tax cut bill
and there's some interesting statistics
to come out of this particular event
sixty-one companies have spent are gonna
spend a total of about 1.1 million
dollars sponsoring this big event the
tax prom in Washington DC and 23 of the
corporate sponsors have a combined eight
hundred billion dollars parked offshore
in at least one thousand seventy five
tax haven subsidiaries so many of the
companies bankrolling this event that is
designed to push for tax quote-unquote
reform many of the companies that are
sponsoring this have money lots of money
offshore now the house is tax bill
that's being debated right now the
Republican tax bill includes a provision
that would offer a one-time reduced tax
called a repatriation tax for companies
to bring the cash home all that money
that's offshore sounds okay is a concept
right but get this while the current
corporate tax rate is 35% a number of
Republican lawmakers want to lower the
overall tax rate to 20% and the one-time
repatriation tax rate on all that money
that's being kept offshore would be 12%
for cash that's brought home and 5% for
non-cash Holdings assets that are
brought home so in other words under the
guise of we're going to bring all of
this offshore cash back to the United
States cash that American based
companies are holding offshore under the
guise of that basically what Republican
lawmakers are ending up debating and
potentially proposing to do ultimately
is to offer a massive tax cut on all of
that income and so what you see here is
a real convergence you have this event
to try to celebrate tax reform at
precisely a moment when the people who
control Congress are negotiating the
terms of an absolutely massive tax cut
for corporations and as the Young Turks
has reported and it's investigative unit
many of the companies that are pushing
for this these tax breaks have made
really no indication in any concrete way
that they're going to take these new tax
cuts and use the new revenues to create
jobs so what is this all about well look
Gary cone the one of the president's top
economic advisors he said and I'm
paraphrasing here but he basically said
that the some of the biggest proponents
of these new tax breaks are CEOs that
CEOs want these tax breaks again not
necessarily to create jobs but because
this will be a windfall for corporations
and their shareholders but not
necessarily a way to generate revenue in
which they will use to create jobs so
watch this week in Washington see if
anybody even covers the tax problem but
know that there is this big lavish party
happening in Washington while these
lawmakers are debating tax reform a big
lavish party under written and
bankrolled by many of the same companies
that are will stand to benefit and make
a huge amount of money if these tax
breaks go through these companies that
are already keeping a huge amount of
money offshore are right now pushing for
even more and the event this week is
designed to essentially get them in
front of and ingratiate themselves to
all of the lawmakers and the power
players who are going to be constructing
that tax bill
