Senate Republicans in the Judiciary
Committee had made it clear that they
are planning on hiring a prosecutor
likely a female prosecutor in order to
ask questions of dr. Blasi Ford during
the hearing and there was some concern
about who this individual would be
Senate Democrats were especially
concerned because there was a lot of
secrecy and a lack of transparency
surrounding this person it's also very
unprecedented to get a professional
prosecutor involved in these types of
proceedings and so since the Senate
Judiciary Committee consists of
Republican men and Republican men only
on the Republican side of course there
are Democrats on the Democratic I have
women on the Democratic side they want
they say hey you know what we we just
don't want to seem you know insensitive
so we're gonna have a woman ask the
questions that is the argument that
they're making but here's what we know
about her she's a sex crimes prosecutor
from Arizona her name is Rachel Mitchell
and she will ask for questions on behalf
of Republicans at Thursday's hearing
Mitchell is on leave as chief of the
Special Victims Division in Maricopa
County Attorney's Office and has decades
of experience as a prosecutor she also
identifies as a Republican which I guess
is fine but I think it also makes it
clear that they are planning on going
after her I mean that's the fact that
they're being secretive about all of
this the fact that they're you know all
of a sudden changing the terms of the
hearing which is something that
Democrats have been complaining about
why are they doing all of this the fact
that they're refusing to get an FBI
investigation involved to get to the
bottom of the truth I I'm happy that dr.
Blasi Ford is testifying but I also hope
that she knows and I hope everyone knows
that it doesn't appear to be a fair
hearing as it stands right now so the
only part I object to well I objected to
parts and very significantly so is them
claiming that this is somehow a neutral
person no no she is a lifelong
Republican who is going to question
people on your behalf she's gonna
question dr. Blasi and I presumably
Cavanaugh but I'm not even clear
that on behalf of Republican senators so
that's okay
that's fine but just say it don't
pretend like oh we found this neutral
person out of nowhere who's just gonna
do these just because she's an expert
just because no it's it doesn't mean
she's a lifelong Republican hack or
donor etc in in in some like like
Kavanagh for example is a political
apparatus so when people like Chuck Todd
will say you know was it was he being a
partisan warrior by going out Fox News
hey snap out of it the guy worked under
Karl Rove he worked as a political
apparatchik his whole life Kavanagh is
not neutral he was picked because he's
one of the least neutral people in the
country he's one of the most right-wing
zealots in the country
so what why are we pretending right so
but when they say hey Blasi Ford gave
money to a Democrat once I say don't
hold it against her is that she's some
sort of apparatchik like Kavanagh
equally here the prosecutor gave money
to a Republican once it was a normal
donation it wasn't like a Bloomberg or
or Koch brothers kind of donation she's
not an apparatchik she appears to be a
career prosecutor now she's a career
prosecutor in Maricopa County Sheriff
Joe presumably for a long long time and
didn't seem to object to that but but
one thing is absolutely clear
Republicans picked her to represent them
because she is a Republican and on one
side not because she's neutral yeah
sorry so Republicans in the Senate
Judiciary Committee keep arguing that
they don't need to get the FBI involved
because this isn't a criminal
investigation and the FBI doesn't do
criminal investigations
even though as we've said a billion
times the FBI would be doing a more
extensive background check not a
criminal investigation but then
simultaneously they're turning this
hearing into basically a criminal trial
right because they're getting this
prosecutor involved to carry out their
line of questioning why is that and and
we know why it is first of all they know
that she's experienced enough to you
know paint this picture of her in her
line of questioning and since she's a
woman she's not going to
have to deal with the same political
consequences that people like Mitch
McConnell Orrin Hatch other members
within the Judiciary Committee what
would be concerned about they wouldn't
it would cost them politically if they
were vicious to dr. Blasi ford and they
want to be vicious so instead they're
gonna get a woman to be vicious for them
that's really what's at the heart of
what's going on here with this
prosecutor no go ahead
so look two things say about that on the
one hand I don't don't get me wrong at
some point they're gonna ask her hey
what happened and they gotta ask about
some of the details so it's one thing to
ask probing questions about that day cuz
they don't have a choice
it's another thing to then to go further
and say or who else did you date and
what kind of woman were you at the age
of 15 now if they go in that direction I
think that's wrong whether the Senators
do it or the prosecutor do it does it
but don't get me wrong I got a they got
to find out what happened that day to
the best of their ability now on the
other hand it is incredible political
cowardice on the part of the Republican
senators to basically hide behind
Rachel Mitchell's skirt and say Oh Joe
hey man it's not me it's not me I got a
woman I got a woman I got a woman to do
it so it's okay I'm not guilty
no just at least have the courage to
represent yourself they didn't elect her
they elected you to represent them so
but then they don't have that kind of
courage so they're gonna hide behind her
well before they grow some courage or
develop some courage they might want to
learn Mitchell's name especially when
they're gonna do press conferences and
interviews so here's Mitch McConnell
discussing this prosecutor and also
giving her a different title during the
conference
take a look you don't
women making decisions about just what
message does that send
we're looking for the truth here I don't
think because you happen to be a male
you're disqualified from listen from
listening to the evidence from listening
to the evidence and making a decision
based upon the evidence as I said
earlier and I think you already know we
have hired a female assistant to go on
staff and to ask these questions in a
respectful and professional way she's a
prosecutor okay so there's that but I
want to look a lot of people are
outraged by that I don't think we're I
don't know I'll speak for myself I'm not
as outraged it's just it does speak to a
frame of mind right we've hired a female
we know you already said her name
everybody knows but heaven it's okay we
do female female female right and she's
now an assistant just call her a queer
but you know I my guess as to why he
paused you notice some pause there and
went with assistant which sounds a
little degrading to some people right
I'm not as well no no it's annoying okay
but I think that he didn't want to call
her a prosecutor because they hired a
prosecutor to go after her
so I think that's why he was like a
female mmm assistant yeah like let me
I'm not outraged in the context of
what's going on right now that is the
least outrageous thing that's happening
okay agree so then you have Senator John
Kennedy who can't even remember the
prosecutors name during an interview I
don't know that every committee member
has given up the right to ask questions
but I know
I intend to defer to I can't remember
the name of the prosecutor in this
nation I think miss Mitchell yes you see
the Cryptkeeper she said who that is
okay so look to be fair to John Kennedy
he did once grill Trump judicial
appointee in a terrific way so I don't I
don't care that's a separate thing um he
remembered his talking points during
that interview he remembered he
remembered them real well look and again
in the context of what's going on these
are the least outrageous things that
these Republicans
are doing but with that said understand
what they're doing understand what their
motivations are they're not getting a
woman involved because they want to be
sensitive to the assault victim here
alleged assault victim they're doing it
because they want to hide behind her
skirt and they don't want to lose
political points by doing what they
really want to do which is hounding her
smearing her probably asking her
questions that are degrading look the
hearings gonna happen tomorrow this is
my speculation as to what's gonna happen
during the hearing but I would love to
take a bet and prove that my speculation
is gonna be right by the way we'll be
covering the hearings TYT comm /live you
get to watch all the hearings and our
analysis live on it throughout the day
tomorrow one last thing on this they
need a hill hearings were a ninety one
twenty seven years ago at the time every
single person on the committee was a
white male and in Mitch McConnell's
right
you're just cuz you're a white male
doesn't disqualify you from having
opinions on this issue but what would
also be helpful to the American people
having a variety of perspectives
especially a woman's perspective in a
situation like this not exclusively but
it would be nice to have some women in
the room to ask questions as well so
well the Democrats have accomplished
their end of it to some degree there
will be four Democratic senators who are
women who will be participating because
they're the ones on the Judiciary
Committee Feinstein Kamala Harris Hirono
from Hawaii and Amy Klobuchar from
Minnesota the Republicans all eleven are
still white males and but no that's not
that's at this point I suppose
unsurprising because that is the great
majority of their voters but this is the
stunning fact in the 202 a year history
of the Judiciary Committee in the United
States Senate the Republicans have never
put a woman on that committee never not
once there's 11 people on the committee
and they rotate and through 202 years
they just couldn't find a way to put a
woman on a Judiciary Committee two easy
ways folly Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscribe
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
