we are doing this again Senate
Republicans have decided they're going
to take one more I don't want to call it
one last one more crack at Obamacare
this time they're going after the most
objectionable and least popular
provision in it the death panel no no
not the death panel the the individual
mandate so the individual mandate is
this idea that if you can afford to buy
health insurance and you don't do it
then you get fined by the IRS at the end
of the year which John Roberts right
over here in this chamber declared is
actually a tax which makes it
constitutional and because it was
declared a tax they're able to stick it
into reconciliation now it is unpopular
for quite obvious reasons it is a law
that forces you to purchase a crappy
product from another private company
nobody wants to do that but if you're
going to have this system I understand
that in order to keep premiums down you
need to have an individual mandate
otherwise people healthy people will
avoid getting health insurance and then
when they get sick then they get then
they get coverage and because you are
covered for pre-existing conditions no
insurer can turn you away then there
really isn't much of an incentive to get
covered that's that that's that's the
economic kind of argument around it I
think most most people would get
coverage anyway because it just makes
you feel better to have affordable
health insurance you don't you know you
don't want to get you know whacked but
the CBO has estimated something like 13
or 15 million people would go uninsured
if you if you stripped this individual
mandate out and you would see a
significant rise in in premiums and so
Republicans have decided that they're
going to tuck this into their tax cut
plan now how are they gonna get this tax
cut plan done well they have a very
clever move in the Energy and Natural
Resources Committee which is chaired by
Lisa Murkowski they passed a bill saying
that you can now drill in the Alaska
National Wildlife Refuge now Anwar was a
huge priority of Murkowski father
Murkowski who is a lion of alaskan
politics and lisa murkowski who was the
kind of the hero of the resistance for
casting a deciding vote against
repealing Obamacare earlier now has
within her reach what she what she and
her father have both been gunning for
for their entire lives which is opening
up Anwar to drilling and so what they're
going to do is attach this Anwar
provision to the tax cuts and to the
repeal of the individual mandate in
order to sell more Kowski well you might
not necessarily like gutting Obamacare
you might not like these corporate tax
cuts even but you really do want to
drill an Anwar don't you and is if you
get Murkowski along then you can then
Republicans can lose Susan Collins they
can lose Ron Johnson or corker or flake
or McCain they think they can they can
only lose too but if they haven't lost
Murkowski off the bat then they're in
much better shape to pass this and I
said during the entire debate over full
Obamacare repeal and replace that there
was no way they were going to get the
votes for it that proved true and I'm
saying this time that I do see a path
for them to get this complete package
through Ryan they're still wrapping
their heads around this but I have a
question it's from your newsletter which
I recommend that you guys all subscribe
to yeah so Action Network is the one
that hosts it so you can just google my
name and newsletter to things you
reference the Alabama special election
as being relevant here and basically
what the calculus is for the folks of
Alabama but also you sort of expressed
some frustration that neither Murkowski
or Collins will just kind of put us out
of our misery and let us know well so
yeah so in Alabama the special election
is December 12th Roy Moore is known now
to be a child molester Doug Jones is is
known now publicly to be a Democrat and
so as I was as Eric and I were talking
about it's it's unclear in Alabama you
know which label is more damaging to you
politically in an election there we're
and we're gonna find this out and so
they need to hurry up and get these tax
cuts pushed through if they want to get
them through because Roy Moore is a
complete
out card if he's elected and they're in
the process of expelling him is he
necessarily gonna go along with what
Mitch McConnell wants maybe maybe not
he's not a sure vote like Luther Strange
is currently Doug Jones is a short vowel
so if he comes in then then you've got
Collins and Doug Jones and then any one
of McCain or flake or corker up ends
this and yeah the other thing we're time
is that here we are talking about Lisa
Murkowski and Susan Collins again and
they're gonna they're gonna drive us
into our graves do you think they really
haven't made up their minds I think
Susan Collins is against it so I talked
to her today and she said it very much
complicates it to include you know
repealing a single provision of
Obamacare as part of taxes I haven't
decided how I'm gonna vote yet that
that's kind of how she talks when she's
very strongly leaning against something
Murkowski when I asked her a day about
it she immediately pivoted to Anwar all
I'm thinking about this week is Anwar
well yeah if all you think about is
Anwar then there's a good chance you're
gonna vote for you know whatever package
is Anwar is included in so Brody Walker
you just mentioned Arizona senators
McCain and flake said that he's going to
be calling both of them and he he asks
people who are in Alaska to contact
Murkowski I mean how much influence do
you think that the constituents of these
senators might have a ton like they
they've well in general constituents
have a ton of influence over over there
senators and and their representatives
they very much do care what people back
home think and that even applies for
people who are leaving office believe it
or not it's kind of a more of a moral
impact and now John McCain because of
his fatal diagnosis of cancer is going
to be leaving office and not running for
re-election and Jeff Flake is also not
not running for reelection so neither of
them are going to kind of face voters at
another election but they definitely
care what people think about them that's
why they are politicians in the first
place okay so I apologize female viewer
who had a
great question I couldn't find it just
now but basically she's saying she's so
sick and tired of these dirty tricks is
this a dirty trick the sort of trading
the drilling and the Arctic is it a
dirty trick or is it just the way that
Congress does business could be both
right this this is how legislation has
has always been passed
you know the 1820 compromise the 1850
compromise the the the 1957 Civil Rights
Act that LBJ got passed through Congress
required building a dam for senators in
the northwest you know what you know
what is a building a dam for senators in
the northwest have to do with passing a
Civil Rights Act well getting the votes
to pass the act so the the general idea
when you have a regional
representational system like this is
that that this is how you often get
things done it's it's is slightly less
skeezy than it used to be where earmarks
would be the things that would buy
people off what threatens this
Republican coalition more is it this new
addition that it's going to repeal the
individual mandate and whatever impact
you can tell us what impact that would
have on people's health insurance or is
it all the stuff that we already knew
before about how this is going to
increase taxes on people who aren't
doing that well in order to give tax
rates to people who are doing incredibly
well I think it's a little bit of both I
mean I think you because a lot of the
people that they're gonna hurt are in
the upper middle class or Republicans
they might give a little bit less they
might be less motivated to volunteer or
show up for an election I think the
getting rid of the individual mandate
will wind up being politically
disastrous for Republicans not only last
week did you see them almost lose the
Virginia House of Delegates
but last night in Oklahoma the fourth
Republican district flipped to a
democratic district this was a 40 point
swing this is a seat that Trump
carried by 438 or so points back in
November and a Democrat eked out a
victory last night this is in rural
Oklahoma outside of Tulsa so now you're
gonna take ownership of the health care
system by repealing the individual
mandate you're gonna see premiums go up
and you're going to see the
announcements of those premiums go up in
October of 2018 when people are already
pissed off so I think this this for them
would be a really politically stupid
move
