the Justice Department is aggressively
going after Harvard University for its
alleged affirmative action policies now
recently the Justice Department sent a
letter to Harvard indicating that it is
not complying with certain rules and as
a result needs to comply or could face
further investigation so let me just
give you some background into this back
in 2015 there was a group of Asian
students who filed a suit against
Harvard University because they believed
that they were rejected from the school
as a result of its affirmative action
policies now right now there are private
lawyers involved in this case but the
Justice Department has decided that it
wants to get involved because Jeff
Sessions has been very clear about the
fact that he is against these
affirmative action policies and wants to
ensure that you know race is not a
factor in deciding whether or not
students get admitted
now last year the US Supreme Court ruled
that race can be one among many factors
universities use in making admission
decisions so that's a that's an
important thing to bring up because the
fact of the matter is if a school
decides to use race as a factor in
deciding whether or not someone gets
admitted it is just one factor literally
one of many factors they still take
academics into account they still take
you know extracurricular activities into
account but race might be one of the
factors that could help them make a
decision if you have a very competitive
pool of people applying now the Justice
Department has concluded that the school
is quote out of compliance with federal
law now some people might read that and
think oh that means that they're going
against what the Supreme Court said that
they can do that is not the case the
reality is the Justice Department sent a
letter to Harvard saying you need to
give us your documents and your files
because we want to do an investigation
you have until November 2nd to do so and
then Harvard didn't reply until several
days
after the due date so that's what they
mean when they say Harvard is
and not complying by the way the letter
says that the Justice Department's
interest in Harvard's policies do stem
from this 2015 federal complaint that
accuses the school of discriminating
against asian-americans in admissions I
have some really interesting data about
you know the student body at Harvard and
also the number of people that get
admitted due to of legacy admissions but
I just want to open it up to you jank
thoughts on this all right
I think this is a hard case are
asian-americans discriminated against
because of affirmative action yes
undoubtedly absolutely whenever you take
away affirmative action in place like
California and Texas the school's become
overwhelmingly Asian yeah just the fact
so when you see schools great schools
like Harvard kind of still mad at them
for the Chelsea Manning debacle that
doesn't have asian-americans in that
percentage you know that they're putting
their thumb on the scale for other
groups and some for very legitimate
reasons but they are putting the thumb
on the scale and asian-americans are
being discriminated yes so I don't like
affirmative action I think I know
exactly why it was needed and it's true
that it was needed in the beginning
because it was a good old boys network
and and white kids would be allowed in
because their parents went in etc and
everybody involved was white I it was
absolutely necessary the beginning it is
now it basically stigmatizes different
groups so I've heard a million times oh
how do you think he got in referring to
a minority student right and that drives
me nuts but now by the way you should be
saying about white people
so if you see Y kid at a school you
should be asking how did he get in and
and it might be because there's a thumb
on the scale and they had to have more
White's because it's because they they
just don't want the schools to be 60%
Asian and other reason might be because
Papa went there because of the legacy
numbers that Anna's about to tell you
right so it's it's I think that this
whole formative action issue is
it like represents like a microcosm of a
larger like broader issue in society
where we always focus on attacking the
the powerless and while we're doing so
while we're distracted by that the real
issues are taking place and we're
completely unaware of them so this gives
that example because the people who are
robbing the intelligent hard-working
people who should be admitted based on
merit are not the black students it's
people who have parents who went to
Harvard or to these Ivy League's okay so
a recent report looked into the incoming
class at Harvard the class that is set
to graduate in 2021 and it's made up of
29% legacy students meaning
29% that's nearly 1/3 right
okay so 29% of these people basically
got admitted for that reason and why I
say that reason is because if you have a
parent that went to Harvard you're three
times more likely to get accepted you
want to talk about affirmative action
we have affirmative action for rich
people we do and and people that are
already in power and I'll include myself
I you know put aside the wealth look I
have a certain degree of privilege now
because I went to Penn and Columbia so
my kids have a better chance of going to
apparently roughly three times better
chance of getting into Penn and Columbia
which are good schools that's not fair
why should my kids have an advantage
over your kids in West Virginia or your
kids in the Bronx actually those guys
your kids have to fight harder they're
under more difficult situations I happen
to have a really good public school in
my neighborhood that my kids go to you
might have a terrible public school your
kid has to go to and any fights beyond
that and it begins good grades you
shouldn't be punished you should be
rewarded you want to do affirmative
action based on income level that makes
sense but you have to take race out of
it if you ask me and the most important
thing is you have to take a legacy out
of it and you want to know why they do
that because the most important factor
in whether you donate to a school is if
two generations of the family of God so
they're doing it for the money
and and so you're right 29% and by the
way remember in the old days the good
schools did not have the smartest
students they had the most
well-connected students Princeton and
Harvard did not do admissions based on
intelligence and SAT scores in the 1940s
and 50s etc they did it based on whether
Papa was an important person that's why
even even George W Bush is a knucklehead
yet straight C's on a good day on a good
semester and he got an A Yale and
Harvard because his dad was connected
now his kids for generation after
generation have an unfair advantage over
your kids who were working so hard under
much more difficult situations it is
grossly unfair and and by the way I just
I feel like this is a testament to how
powerful propaganda is because again if
you look at the student body at Harvard
do we have those graphics by any chance
there we go okay so this is on Harvard's
website by the way they like to tout
their diversity so if you look at the
breakdown the ethnic diversity of
undergraduate students at Harvard you
will see that the black or
african-american community within that
school is just a tiny sliver tiny sliver
and by the way the black students who do
get admitted tend to come from wealthier
families so socioeconomic status is
actually one of the most important
factors that I think is taken into
account when students get admitted and I
have another stat that will further
explain that and that's the faculty at
Harvard so if you see the vast majority
of faculty nearly 70% at Harvard is
white 9% non-resident alien and then so
on and so forth but 40% of students
overall college-age students receive
Pell grants 40% but if you look at Ivy
League schools pell grant recipients
only account for 16% now Pell grants
indicate these people need a little bit
of financial help or financial support
they can't pay for the tuition on their
own you think Ivy League's are gonna you
know give them the upper hand when it
comes to admissions hell no
unfortunately what the top schools in
this country have done is again
redistributed the wealth but to the top
so
so now if you're like a senior already
you know in a in a privileged position
well you're gonna get even more
privilege right
and if you're in all you're in a tough
spot you're gonna get less Pell grants
to the good schools and it's and over
the white students who are going to
Harvard what percentage of them are
legacy and I don't know but my guess is
it's higher than 29 percent you think a
lot of the black students are a legacy
maybe some but I doubt that it's at 29
percent so another case of affirmative
action for white kids Harvard 16% Asian
you take a away affirmative action watch
16 turned to 60 overnight and so our
Asia's being discriminated against
absolutely help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
