back in 2013 a microbiologist from
Illinois decided it would be a great
idea to completely bypass any government
oversight or regulation and test out a
herpes vaccine that he created himself
on people in the US he later moved his
clinical trials abroad however in 2013
there were as many as eight individuals
who were tested using this vaccine they
were injected and now they are facing
some of the ramifications of that
decision now this microbiologist is no
longer alive he died last year due to
cancer he was associated with the
Southern Illinois University
he was associate professor William
Alford and he administered the shots
himself at a Holiday Inn Express and a
Crowne Plaza Hotel that were 15 minutes
away from the researchers lab Hallford
injected at least eight herpes patients
on four separate occasions in the summer
and fall of 2013 with a virus that he
created now the idea behind the vaccine
was inject them with a different form of
the herpes virus and somehow you know
maybe that would cure them of the herpes
strain that they currently have but
according to some of the individuals who
have been injected that is not what
happened and again this was done without
any government oversight so according to
the emails between Hallford and the
patients an extensive and extensive
interviews with a participant offer did
not procure written informed consent as
required by federal law when testing a
live virus on humans medical researchers
such as Hallford may not inject patients
without oversight by a physician or a
nurse practitioner by the way again he
was a microbiologist he was not a
physician physician and as a result he
was not allowed to do these injections
in the first place and he knew what the
rules were but he decided to go against
them and the Southern Illinois
University is facing a lot of heat right
now be
it seems as though they were supportive
of his efforts peter thiel who's a
well-known libertarian was one of the
investors in this effort to cure herpes
also one patient or one participant who
says he received the injections in
Illinois fears that the vaccine which
contains a live virus may have given him
a new and different type of herpes he
did not have so the type of herpes he
originally had was the type that you you
know work that results in mouth sores
and things like that he was injected
with the genital herpes strain and now
he according to what he's saying is
experiencing symptoms of the genital
herpes yeah so if someone says hey I've
got a virus for you
come get it injected at the Holiday Inn
Express say no so these are sometimes
difficult situations and and I'll tell
you why it's not always black and white
because sometimes people have
life-threatening conditions an FDA has
to for good reason move slowly because
you want to make sure that you've tested
it in labs on animals and then
eventually very carefully on humans and
you don't want to rush that process
otherwise you'll have disasters and if
you've got a life-threatening condition
you can be very frustrated by the the
pace at which the Food and Drug
Administration goes right now this is
not one of those situations and I'm not
minimizing the the pain and suffering
that these people with herpes live with
okay especially the ones that went
through this extraordinary process to
try to get rid of that pain and
suffering but there's a reason why the
FDA goes through that process because if
you don't go through that process
oops we just gave you herpes too when
you only had herpes one oops in one of
the cases is the leg develops a giant
rash and then a blister and and and we
can't have a doctor running this out of
a hotel room you've got to do it the
right way but you know Peter Thiel I
don't know if that this has to do with
his libertarian principles but the idea
is
rules we don't wanna we don't want
regulations when you're talking about
injecting people with the herpes virus
yes you want regulations you want to do
it right so you you don't have this kind
of out-of-control runaway situation
there's a reason why we have rules and
laws so I agree with you obviously I
agree with you especially when it comes
to these types of clinical trials
because you're you're doing an
experiment that could really destroy
people's lives right and so there's a
reason why there's a government entity
doing oversight to ensure that people
remain safe and that's not to say that
people are always gonna you know get the
outcome that they want from these
clinical trials but it is important to
have you know a regulatory body keeping
an eye on things and making sure that
people don't get hurt with that said
though you know there are cases where
you know I think the the health care
industry is over regulated so you know
you go to Europe and you hurt yourself
you know you don't have to go to a
doctor to get a prescription and then go
to the pharmacy and then hope that they
you know if I get hurt in Europe for
instance which by the way recently
happened when I lost my voice and I got
laryngitis went to the pharmacy and I
told them what happened and they gave me
the drugs I needed right and so I don't
know I feel like it works out pretty
well for people in Europe and I don't
know why we have certain laws in place
or regulations in place that make it so
incredibly hard to get the treatment
that you need when you need it but so
conservatives have this and libertarians
especially have this idea that liberals
want control your life and that's why
they pass burdensome regulations on
purpose no liberals want people to get
out of their lives so that's not why it
happens but does that like is every
regulation by definition a good thing of
course nein you've got to find the right
balance of regulations and sometimes
your elations get outdated so for
example in Los Angeles they had this
rule that you had to have a garage for
your cars why nobody knows it was
probably left over from the 1930s when
that was a really important thing right
and then finally they're like oh right
we don't need this and then they got rid
of it okay and so that happens and
that's normal and maybe we'll get too
like Europe where we can have a medicine
dispensed to us at the pharmacies in the
way that you got it but remember also in
Europe that approve that medicine first
right it's not like they're like I don't
know this is oregano sauce makes women
who do right I know that yes so of
course the medicine has to be approved
I'm just saying that you know it's it's
a lot harder to get the medicines you
need to get better here in the United
States and you're like in Europe it's
funny cuz when I get sick in Europe
which I always somehow get sick or hurt
myself in Europe I don't know why but I
always rest easy cuz I'm like oh I'm
just gonna go to a pharmacy and they're
gonna hook it up and they always do or
you can go to a hospital and they'll
take care of you they it's crazy they
actually don't let you die in the
streets in Europe yeah
what a crazy continent okay so last
things here so sometimes though it
depends on the corporate power involved
because as at the FDA sometimes
frustratingly slow sometimes it is way
too fast
so oxycontin for example got approved
without doing clinical studies oops
turns out it's opium on steroids kind of
almost literally okay and and guess who
the the guy who approved it at the FDA
you're not gonna believe where he wound
up working a couple of years later at
Purdue Pharma that makers of oxycontin
what a wonderful coincidence so if
you've got a hook up like that well then
all of a sudden your stuff gets approved
even with our clinical studies right
that's true yeah yeah so the the right
answer is balanced regulation and a
government that actually works for us
and not corporate interests if you liked
this video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
