CBS has officially decided to part ways
with Charlie Rose following allegations
of sexual harassment that the Washington
Post reported on earlier this week now
the report indicated that there were
eight women who had worked with Charlie
Rose and granted interviews to
Washington Post some on the condition of
anonymity while others did say that they
were comfortable revealing what their
identity was now three of the women came
out and said this is my first and last
name here's what I experienced when I
was working for Charlie Rose and we want
to go ahead and expose you know some of
his behavior but five other women are
worried about the ramifications of
coming forward so they decided to remain
anonymous
now just to quickly detail some of the
accusations against him he was accused
of making lewd phone calls to these
women walking around naked in their
presence and also groping their breasts
and general areas now this didn't happen
at CBS Studios this oftentimes happened
in his own home in New York and what he
would do is invite them to come over and
work at a desk that he had in his own
personal home and in a lot of those
instances according to these allegations
he would prey on these women or take
advantage of them now five described
Rose putting his hand on their legs
sometimes their upper thigh in what they
perceived as a test to gauge their
reactions to said that while they were
working for Rose at his residences or
while traveling with him on business he
emerged from the shower and walked naked
in front of them once said he groped her
buttocks at a staff party so I'm gonna
have some more specific allegations in
just a minute but again CBS decided to
part ways
he was also suspended at PBS it's likely
he will I don't know actually what PBS
is planning on doing yeah that's my
prediction that's my prediction exactly
uh but they did suspend him immediately
we've gone over a lot of these over the
last couple of weeks because this is a
watershed moment this is when we've hit
a tipping point and women have the
courage to come forward and say we're
not going to take it anymore
some as we
you've discussed throughout the weeks
are tougher cases and you know and we've
had tough conversations about them and
and people have criticized on all sides
and that's normal because we do
commentary on these really difficult
topics Charlie Rose is not a difficult
case you read the whole long article and
as always we'll have the link in the
description box and you will see that it
was a disaster and and he did it over
and over again and first of all the
shower trick I didn't know it was a
thing that existed yeah but anyone doing
the shower trick is it you know it's
clearly doing it
who wants to watch a 70 year old guy
having taking a shower when they're
their intern or their staffer etc right
no that's it's it's obvious that he was
it one day he it's the same MO every
time oh I need to work from home you
need to help me at home you need to
rearrange my books my shelves etc and in
the beginning is fine and almost all
them describe a combination of Furion
and flattery like if you do something
wrong he's gonna get really mad at you
but then he's gonna give you some
compliments and in the beginning it's
fine and they drive around and they go
to his house and then at some point
there'll be drinks or there'll be a
dinner or something
and next thing you know he's taking a
shower and then he'll stay from the
shower can you come here for a second
and then he comes out with a robe but
the robe is wide open you know I used to
hear these stories well after he got
caught with about Gary Hart right and
now then Harvey Weinstein and now
Charlie Rose and then and it is it's not
just that he keeps showing himself naked
to these woman he then grabs them you
know he's a gonner he's done yeah look I
there are so many things look even I I
believe the women especially considering
the fact that there's so many of them
these incidents were corroborated by The
Washington Post meaning that they
reached out to family members and
individuals who knew the victims and and
spoke to them to make sure that you know
what they were saying was true like at
the time of this alleged abuse which was
by the way between the 1990s and 2011
this individual confide in you that this
happened and they corroborated the case
but more importantly Charlie Rose
himself has fest up to it and I'll get
to his statement in just a minute
but look even if someone wants to make
the case that like now this was
consensual anytime someone is working
under you right if you are an employer
if you are the boss and in this case
he's the boss you have power over these
people these women were low-level
employees meaning they were assistants
or assistant producers we're hoping to
work their way up within the company
right and so the the issue of consent
becomes encrypt incredibly fuzzy when
you're talking about an employer having
any type of sexual involvement with
someone who's working under him and and
so to be clear by the way this was his
own company which is kind of a side gig
not CBS and PBS employees so he was able
to bring them to his side gig yep and
and then so then there's no HR right
that you know there's less protections
and then there were he had his longtime
helper I forget if she was a resistant
or or something actually his executive
producer her name is Yvette Vega and
according to the Washington Post report
the women the accusers went to her on
multiple occasions and she was quoted as
saying that's just Charlie being charlie
now she says she deeply regrets having
done that but and and everybody knew as
a producer calls a young woman who's
going over to Charlie's house and says
are you okay are you sure you're okay so
I to be fair it's not right to say
everybody knew because there's a lot of
things that people don't know but at
least some people knew that hey if a
young girl goes to Charlie Rose's house
you got to ask her if she's okay and
then the most haunting story was near
the end of the article where there's a
very detailed explanation of how he
lured this one woman in and and then he
gets naked and he starts touching her
and she and she realizes oh my god I'm
in this secluded area and I have nowhere
to run right and she's crying and he's
still going and he's still going right
and it felt like
honestly like the movie get out huh like
she's trapped if she can't get out yeah
and and it's that's really bad and and
it's what I noticed and it's a common
reaction among all the women who are
coming forward right now is for the
longest time they blame themselves right
and they felt like they did something
wrong or they did something that might
have invited it and now they're finally
coming forward and realizing no I mean
I'm a person who had no position of
power who wanted to get ahead in this
extremely competitive field of work and
he saw that and took advantage of that
and by the way by getting ahead what
they mean is oh my god it's such an
amazing opportunity to work with a
person they thought was a legendary
reporter and anchor and interviewer and
so they're like okay but he's that
people say he's quirky I can you know I
can deal with quirky to get this amazing
job in in journalism and it turns out
quirky is way worse than they imagined
so I want to read you just a couple of
the specific allegations that were
detailed in the Washington Post
obviously we can't get into every single
one of them or also be dedicated entire
show to it but you should read the piece
which we will link to in the description
box
kyle godfrey ryan who was one of the
accusers one of roses assistants in the
mid-2000s recalled at least a dozen
instances where rose walk nude in front
of her while she worked in one of his
new york city homes he also repeatedly
called the then 21-year old late at
night or early in the morning to
describe his fantasies of her swimming
naked in the Bellport pool that's a
reference to where he lived as he
watched from his bedroom the young women
who were hired by the show were
sometimes known as charlie's angels two
former employees said rose frequently
gave unsolicited shoulder rubs to
several of them behavior referred to
among employees as the crusty paw a
former employee said me that's just yeah
a woman then in her 30s who was at the
Bellport home in 2010 to discuss a job
opportunity said Rose appeared before
her in an untethered bathrobe naked
underneath
she said he subsequently attempted to
put his hands down her pants so it just
goes on and on and I want to
do the reaction from Charlie Rose let's
go to graphic 50 he says that he's
greatly embarrassed I have behaved in
sensitively at times and I accept
responsibility for that though I do not
believe that all of these allegations
are accurate I always felt that I
pursued shared feelings though I now
realize that I was mistaken so he's not
taking full responsibility or full
ownership but his argument is well I
thought it was consensual yeah but when
you ask women to come and into the
shower or when you're not in any kind of
relationship with them well what made
you think that that was in any way
consensual what a weird thing to test
and ending a sometimes the woman would
be driving him or she'd be in the
passenger's seat and he just started
grabbing her breasts you thought that
that was mutual if you guys are dating
and you want to have fun that's a
different thing you're not at all dating
she works under you yeah and every time
they go oh my god what's happening
Charlie Rose is grabbing my breasts in
the Motors car this is insane and male
colleague told one of the women involved
quote oh you got the shower trick yes
somewhat known but again like you don't
know to what extent because there were
people quoted in the Washington Post
piece who did work with rose and they
said that they never experienced or
notice anything questionable not
everyone knows everything
no of course and I want to be super
clear about that I mean sometimes people
get carried away and oh yeah rush
limbaugh today of course all this female
area crews must have known that how
would they know what the hell's going on
in his home apparently some people knew
because they'd warned the some of the
women right but obviously like why would
nor o'donnell know anything about this
why would Gayle King know anything about
this
he and remember what predators do they
do it to the powerless not to the
powerful he's not gonna grope nor
O'Donnell because she would fight back
and she has power to fight back instead
he finds young girls lures them where
they can't run does the shower trick etc
there's eight accusers here and three of
them are on the record he's done if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of
young turks TYT Network comm /join
