we've got great new announcements for
new just Democrats and you're gonna love
these guys every one of them is
uncorrupted every one of them represents
you every one of them is a strong
progressive so first we're gonna start
with Brent welder now and and as I tell
you all this most important thing is if
these guys are gonna win with small
contributions so they don't have to take
corporate PAC money and they don't
you're gonna need to help them out so
just as Democrats calm slash winning
okay we need you to do that for these
new five candidates that are out now
just Democrats that crime slash winning
so Brent welder what's his story well I
love Brent's story because it's the
story of you not only did he work with
Bernie Sanders and he was appointed to a
2016 Democratic national platform
committee not only - by the way - and
what did he do he proposed a plank that
would get money out of politics now that
is not surprising if you know Brent's
history you know why because he was a
volunteer for Wolfpack I love these guys
but it gets better you ready he was one
of the first TYT members ever he is you
guys so he's not running for Congress it
gets better you ready for this he's in a
district one of only five districts in
the country that Bernie Sanders one of
the primary and Hillary Clinton actually
won in the general election so he's
running in Kansas as third District but
yes that district is very very winnable
if there's any kind of wave at all
Brent's a US congressman
so in these winnable districts it's got
to be progressives it's got to be the
uncorrupted so you've got to help Brent
welder out let me give you more from a
first I want to show you a couple of
videos from Brent so you get a little
bit familiar with him here watch this I
have a no conflict situation because I'm
president get the hell out of here knock
the crap out of would you Suze
he says he's making America great again
but we know that America already is
great its Washington that's broken and
America's coming to fix it I'm Brent
welder I'm sick and tired of big
corporations calling the shots in
Washington I'm running for Congress to
change it I won't accept one penny of
corporate PAC money for my campaign
because I want to work for the people of
Kansas third District not Wall Street
CEOs America is coming for you Trump no
corporate PAC money I love these guys so
I want to show you one more video and
then by the way you remember guys all
the links are gonna be in the
description box if you're watching on
YouTube and then and on Facebook we'll
try to get them in the comments okay
because I want you to go to their
websites I want you to volunteer for
them if you're in their district and
then you've got to get them small
donations so they could beat the big
corporate money just Democrats calm such
winning here's more from Brett I went on
to work around the country with Barack
Obama Bernie Sanders and the first Iraq
war veteran elected to Congress last
year I worked with National Democratic
Party leaders to pass the most
progressive platform in history to make
America work for everyone we need
fundamental change in Washington I'll
fight to raise the minimum wage to $15
an hour because no one who works
full-time should live in poverty all
vote to wipe out corrupt tax loopholes
for giant corporations and billionaires
and he goes on the list a lot of his
policy positions every one of which I
think that you'll deeply enjoy you could
see their videos also in the links in
the description box below the full
videos I want to give you one of his
quotes he says our campaign is thrilled
to join the Justice Democrats team I'm
running for Congress because
billionaires and giant corporations have
too much control over our government and
justice Democrats is a fantastic ally in
our movement to assure that government
represents working families not
billionaire donors we are running in one
of the only five Republican held
districts that was won by Bernie Sanders
in the primary and Hillary Clinton in
the general we look forward to working
with the just Democrats to win this top
targeted swing district by running a
grassroots campaign founded on strong
truly progressive
values and if you're wondering really
Democrats winning in Kansas of course
and you know a lot of the establishment
guys will say oh no $15 minimum wage in
Kansas they don't want that who doesn't
want that in Kansas the Koch brothers
live in Kansas maybe they don't want
that well kind of they mainly live in
New York anyway they don't want that the
corporation's don't want that but do the
people of Kansas want a decent wage when
they work their ass off of course they
do
of course they want $15 minimum wage so
that deeply improves people's lives now
one more from Brent here the big
corporations and CEOs are gonna be
gunning for me in this campaign I need
your help
your energy and your enthusiasm let's
show the corporations and billionaires
their millions of dollars are no match
for you that America already is great
and now we're coming to clean up
Washington once and for all
all right and his website is Brent
welder calm for God's sake go help him
clean up Congress once and for all
these are not for populist they actually
are among you guys they are you guys it
wouldn't it be amazing if we had real
people in Congress instead of the
corporate robots you could make that
happen we're trying to get to by the way
it's a really modest goal seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars for the
five candidates who are introducing
today so justice Democrats calm slash
winning because even that little amount
will help these guys a tremendous amount
and put them over the top next guys
derek wroe he's Texas this 21st district
and and Derek is in a seat well it was
held by a Republican that's now gonna be
an open seat they call him a science
nerd because he challenged Congress's
most detested science deniers I love
that he led rethink Afghanistan project
a brave new foundation because he was
sick over the money that was being
poured into these wars that were not
only not useful but counterproductive he
worked with citizen Sybilla and ethics
in Washington that's a group that's
checking Donald Trump as we speak making
sure he's not getting away with his
conflicts of interest he's backed by
democracy for America Bill McKibben and
obviously now justice Democrats let me
show you a video from Derrick
in this race I am fighting to get
corporate power out of politics and to
get representation for this district
that responds to constituents needs
instead of two big donors and their PAC
donations I'm Derrick Crowe I'm running
for Congress in the 21st district of
Texas uncorrupted I love these guys one
more quote from Derrick to save the
future from the fire
we must retake this country from
corporate power and Wall Street money
the best way to do that is to run
candidates who embody progressive values
just as Democrats fight for populist
policies like urgent climate change
action Medicare for all college for all
and a $15 minimum wage we as Democrats
must also get our house in order and
divorce our official party structures
from big money so that working people
know where we stand the future of our
party our democracy and our planet
depends on us taking back Congress with
these values guiding us hard not to like
these guys alright his website electro
comm slash join all the links down below
Justice Democrats calm slash winning
let's get these guys money
17500 it is not much but it makes a huge
difference the corporate guys will come
in with a lot more money but will come
in with volunteers and will come with
passion and our warriors will defeat
their mercenaries let's go to Colin L
rednecks he's in Texas 32nd district
every one of these guys I know the
establishment guys will say no but can
he really win yes yes he can he actually
played in the NFL for the Tennessee
Titans and he's got a great story here
watch his video I made it to the NFL
through perseverance first how much
right out I got cut came home to work at
the YMCA sweeping floors before I
finally made it I was a backup
linebacker and special teams player for
five years I lived my dream but I'm most
proud of my work as an attorney
defending civil rights and voting rights
across Texas protecting affordable
housing with Julian Castro at the
Department of Housing and Urban
development and mentoring other kids who
need the same shot I got you know who
he's running yes Pete sessions
that's Jeff Sessions brother how great
would it be to send that guy home so
Pete sessions of course is voted to
repeal Obamacare about a million times
he voted for Trump's health care policy
that at about a 17 percent approval
rating because it mainly took health
care away from you guys in gave tax cuts
to billionaires so the first time the
sessions has worked for billionaires he
voted for the bailout
what happened conservatives I thought
you didn't believe in bailouts I thought
you all you wanted was bootstraps
now here's Colin he actually brought
himself up by the bootstraps Pete
sessions meanwhile is voting and working
for Wall Street you know that all
regatta into Berkeley law school and
he's like Berkeley hold on a minute i'ma
get back to you in a minute okay but I'm
gonna go play in the NFL he goes placing
that fo five years and then goes back
and becomes a lawyer goes to law school
and now he's fighting fighting for
voting rights voting protection programs
and by the way he's already raised two
hundred and sixty seven thousand dollars
he's coming Hey
and he played defense so he's about to
tackle Pete sessions it's gonna be great
if we beat Pete sessions you've got to
support these guys just Democrats calm
slash winning and in this case Colin
Allred calm /join check out his website
- have I mentioned the links are always
in the description box go check him out
next Jenni Marshall she is running in
North Carolina's fifth District that is
obviously in the state in 2018
that is the time for the race she is
running against one of the worst people
in America let alone Congress it's
Virginia Foxx jr. you remember Virginia
Foxx she is the worst she opposes
birthright citizenship
she thinks even if you're born in
America no I know I don't think you
should get citizenship then Virginia who
should let me guess just the folks who
you like gee I wonder what race they're
gonna be Virginia I can't quite tell
anyway she called Matthew Shepard's
death a hoax she's a terrible person she
denied a - she voted against aid to
victims of Hurricane Katrina and you
know what her lead in that district is
not that large not that large
at all so Jenny Marshall can beat her
and she does you're gonna be so proud
she's endorsed by sister giant blue
America the local art Revolution group's
brand-new Congress now Justice Democrats
and here's Jenny's quote Jenny Marshall
is a public school teacher and a
community organizer as her website
explains she is running because for far
too long our families and communities
have been ignored dismissed and
disenfranchised Wall Street and huge
conglomerates have put profits over
people this must change
Jenny's prepared to step up and fight
for all of us in Washington that means
passing Medicare for all investing in
our future and helping to create
economic equity for all people
you know what jenny was she was a
teacher she is a teacher she is teaching
eighth and ninth grade social studies
and when she was in Indiana earlier in
her life she fought Republican efforts
to slash education she fought for your
kids and she now she's ready to take
that fight to Washington I love it
her website is Marshall for house org so
go there volunteer do what you can
Justus Democrats calm slash winning one
more Breanna Westbrook Arizona's eighth
District and Breanna makes so proud part
of the diversity that we've got in just
Democrats and among real progressives
she's a transgender woman running for
Congress she's got a successful sales
career I love her video willtao put it
down below as well where you've got
regular folks in her district in Arizona
saying Breanna stands for me Breanna
fights for me now one of her opponent is
another disaster Trent Franks in Arizona
he sponsored a lead effort to pass a
bill that would make abortion far more
difficult make it in a twenty week
period and he would like to start a
database to track Muslim leaders in the
country
fundamentally on America and that's who
Trent Franks is if a successful just
Democrat beats him it would be wonderful
and again these districts are more
winnable than you realize quote from
Brianna Brianna seeks to represent
Arizona's eighth congressional district
for what she can give to this country
not what she can take
she runs the clean campaign and supports
universal health care and a quality
education for all not just privileges
for a select few her website is
Westbrook for congress.com guys you
asked for clean candidates you asked for
people you can believe in that are true
progressives not establishment hacks not
people who take corporate PAC money and
then turn around and vote with their
donors and not with you guys here are
those candidates the candidates that you
asked for
so go support them justice Democrats
comm slash winning and if you're in
their districts for God's sake go
volunteer for them our volunteer army is
going to honestly annihilate our
competition we're gonna run over them
I've seen it happen time and time again
you go knock on doors and you win
warriors beat mercenaries let's go make
this thing happen
thank you guys it's exciting times if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
