rajat pi is the head of the FCC that's
the Federal Communications Commission
and he is honestly a corporate hack he
used to work for Verizon got paid a good
amount of money from them and then the
Republicans put him at the FCC to make
sure that he changed the rules in favor
of companies like Verizon it's not just
that miss AT&T and the other internet
providers now the reason you have the
Internet as you do now which is free and
open is because there were regulations
put into place the regulations do not go
and interfere with the internet in this
case the regulation has simply protects
the internet that says that companies
who have the pipes going into your house
cannot themselves regulate the Internet
unfairly and slow down some websites
speed up other websites and create an
unequal Internet all it does is protect
the Internet so algid pile was coming it
was brought in to destroy them and in
May he got his first votes that that he
wanted to begin to end net neutrality
now as we go through this I'm gonna
explain to you why the right wing is
actually opposed to him the ones that
are online and why they're right they
need to be more opposed to him than even
the left wing so first let me give you
what happened today
I should pie the Republican chairman of
the FCC announced on Tuesday that the
FCC will vote to roll back Obama urine
era
net neutrality rules that require
Internet service providers to treat all
web traffic equally now let me begin the
explanation for the right-wingers so you
might see that in go ahead well look if
the Republicans like him I guess I like
him and Obama era regulation sounds
scary Obama didn't do anything to change
the internet he just passed the
regulation saying don't touch the
Internet you're not allowed to change
the internet now that's a regulation you
should love now why is should the right
wing be more concerned on the left wing
guys look at all of your you know the
all right guys for example right they
say things that get them banned from
sites left and right and if the giant
corporations are regulating the internet
they want to be able to sell to
everybody they're not going to want to
have these right-wingers saying crazy
stuff on the internet and especially if
there
you know taking on the establishment in
their own party or multinational
corporations they're not gonna want that
at all you guys are gonna be the first
ones throwing overboard and then they'll
come for us why because they're
corporations they just want to maximize
their profits and if your website is
hindering their profits in any way shape
or form you think they're gonna care
about you they're legally not allowed to
care about you
of course they'll slow down the websites
you like unless you pay a ransom if you
think corporations are your friends
they're not humans they will maximize
profit by law so along those lines the
hill reports the move is a win for
companies like Verizon Comcast and AT&T
which would be freed of restrictions on
blocking or throttling certain content
or requiring websites to buy into
internet fast lanes hey all you all
right guys out there you've got all the
cash in the world to get into a fast
lane and I didn't think so
so if you don't pay for the fast lane
they can now if this passes and they're
gonna have the final vote in December
14th to tell you about that in a second
if this passes that's it there's no more
net neutrality and those companies can
say one you didn't pay me a ransom now
your site is incredibly slow oh look
people can't go on your site but they
can go on my site but those giant
companies have websites of their own
do they have present web presence they
have gigantic web presence oh my god
you know HuffPost is part of Verizon you
right-wingers Huffington Post will be
superfast and your websites will suck if
they just told you they're able to
throttle them all the way back well so
why am i fighting for it is a
progressive because I believe in America
and I believe in the Internet and I
don't think that anybody should be
throttled and look we've got partnership
with some of the biggest companies out
there on the Internet
and you know we'll see how things turn
out we might be totally fine but it is a
terrible idea overall a terrible idea
for these corporations to have the
ability to regulate the Internet by
themselves when you didn't even vote for
them they're not account
to you okay more on this jessica
rosenworcel who's an FCC commissioner
said the God's honest truth she said our
internet economy is the envy of the
world because it is open to all this
proposal tears that the foundation of
that openness it hands broadband
providers the power to decide what
voices to amplify and which sites we can
visit what connections we can make and
what communities we create if throttles
access stalls of opportunity and sensors
content philosophically you this is one
of the worst things that the government
can do because look at TV both for the
right-wing in the left wing they think
you think they represent you they're
almost all millionaires on TV and and oh
what again if you're a Bernie Sanders
supporter or you're a Republican you
think that all those guys on cable news
voted for your candidate I had to say
approximately one hundred and forty
eight out a hundred and fifty voted for
Hillary Clinton and all the giant
corporations who backed her so they
already own TV all the money in politics
goes to TV but that internet it's pesky
it's annoying with its freedom and its
openness and its equality they're coming
to crush it you've got to fight back you
know how many comments have been sent
already that I'm twenty two million
comments they don't give a damn so I
think we got to show up I think we got
to go to their house I don't mean their
physical house I mean their office okay
so first let me explain when the real
vote is so today they took another step
forward but pi now plans to hold a final
vote on the proposal at the FCC's
December fourth 14th meeting the people
said and roll out details of the plans
next week look you know I don't know
that I could organize one more thing I
but December 14th the FCC building
should be surrounded and if if you're
not angry you're not paying attention
and and it's not to say that you do
anything outside of politics look I
don't know what your affiliation is but
I'm a progressive I believe in
non-violence and I believe in political
action so they dress for the Federal
Communications Commission is
445 12 Street Southwest you should start
showing up now I don't care if it's one
guy with a sign I don't care if it's 12
guys a hundred nurses a thousand
teachers whoever it is this is in
Washington DC from this date to December
14th you should let them know that you
exist and that you want a free internet
1 888 call FCC is another way to reach
them no other call should get through 1
8 8 8 2 2 5 5 3 2 to let them know and
then finally look I didn't dig this
email up it's on their website they we
send 22 million comments and algid pi
apparently burn them in a in some
campfire right doesn't care how 22
million people want free internet
yeah but the guys who paid me before the
guys were gonna pay me after I leave
this job want me to sell out the
internet so that's what I supply is
gonna do so here's his email I just I at
fcc.gov like I said this is public
information you could have found it on
the website as well I'm not doing
anything that you can't see in public
but if they nor 22 million Americans I
guess they got to see you before they
understand that you're real so look I
wish I could help more I wish I could
stop everything you'd go figure out a
way to organize rally on top of rally
and should get a million people to show
up at the FCC I'm handing it off I hope
you guys can begin to do this on your
own or have the right-wing organizer
right wing the left wing organize the
left wing the moderates do whatever you
got to do but just stop by the FCC and
begin the protest now and on December
14th they should hear you roar and if
they steal the internet from you at
least let them know that you're not
gonna let them get away with it and
shake the rafters a little bit help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
slash join
