well the jury was out on whether Donald
Trump was gonna back Roy more you've
gotta see where this one was going but
but no the Trump administration from
time to time said no if we were gonna
back row a more Donald Trump would be a
down in Alabama campaigning form and
he's done then Kelly and Conway went on
TV and said no Senate seat it's worth a
child then a couple days later she went
back on TV and said just kidding we want
the tax cuts so she said they and and
even Fox and Friends pressed her they
said so what about the thing with the
child and are you this does that mean
you guys are for Roy Moore she's like we
need the seat for the tax cuts we need
the seat for the tax cuts I mean you got
children whatever all right on the other
hand tax cuts for the rich so finally
Donald Trump has broken his silence now
how often is he silent not very often
right when any Democrats in trouble he's
all over Twitter but he wouldn't talk
much about Roy Moore but that's okay we
now have a clear confirmation of which
way he's going to go so let's watch I
can tell you one thing for sure we don't
need a liberal person in there a
Democrat Jones I've looked at his record
it's terrible and crime it's terrible in
the border it's terrible in the military
I can tell you for a fact we do not need
somebody that's going to be bad on crime
bad on borders bad with the military bad
for the Second Amendment all right so
that means you are not supporting dark
Jones you're supporting Roy Moore now
things are very very clear but look we
got more here let's watch what is really
going on and you look at all the things
that have happened over the last 48
hours he totally denies it he says it
didn't happen
and you know you have to listen him also
me let me just tell you boy more denies
him that's all I can say he denies him
and and by the way he totally denies it
well he denies I mean Roy Moore denies
it and by the way he gives a total
denial he totally denies him yeah I
think we got it we got it man okay it's
not a little denial it's apparently a
total denial so that gets the uneven
playing field that we have among
Republicans and Democrats so when for
example senator Al Franken is faces
allegations of some degree of sexual
harassment he immediately comes out and
calls for his own investigation and
ethics investigation into himself right
and all the Democrats join a Schumer
everybody else rightfully so by the way
and when you come to the Republicans Roy
Moore is accused of not jokingly
touching a flak jacket and I'm not
trying to downgrade what Al Franken it
he's accused of horrible crimes of child
molestation or bringing a
fourteen-year-old thirty minutes into
the woods stripping her to her underwear
getting completely naked himself and
trying to get her to touch his genitals
there's no gray zone here and and
there's a sixteen-year-old who says she
took him into his car and tried to rape
her and he'd already written what a
sweet little girl and how beautiful she
was
in her yearbook he's okay so the oldest
has come out other Republicans have said
I believe the woman that this is it's
too much now we can't go in this
direction Trump thinks he denies it
he totally denies it so Republicans
concede nothing so then they get to say
or he gets to say well no since it's a
denial it's okay the Democrats they
foolishly admit things and and and allow
us to railroad them and allows us to
smear them and do everything we can to
them whereas we have no consequences no
customers and are we surprised by any of
this Donald Trump is a different kind of
monster he's had 16 women that have come
forward with sexual harassment or sexual
assault allegations against him so of
cool and what does Donald Trump deter he
denies it
denies it because you denying doesn't by
debt make it untrue that it's so weird
because there's an allegation doesn't
mean that it's absolutely true you
should look at the context of that
allegation see if it makes sense or it
doesn't make sense but just cuz someone
denies it doesn't mean that it's untrue
what a bizarre thing but Trump is this
is very very similar to Roy Moore of
course he's gonna back Roy Moore this
was a real conversation that Donald
Trump was somehow grow a conscience no
he just wants the seed one more from
Trump and I do have to say 40 years is a
long time he's run eight races and this
has never come up so 40 years is a long
time the women are Trump voters most of
them across voters all you can do is you
have to do what you have to do you have
to do what you have to do and if it
turns out a Senate seat is worth more
than a child then we're gonna do what we
have to do to get those tax cuts the
Trump family would save billions of
dollars from these tax cuts on the
estate tax alone they would save over a
billion dollars let alone what they
would save on the alternative minimum
tax and the pass-through
rates being reduced Trump has at a
minimum tens of millions of dollars if
he's absolutely lying about as wealth
which is probably true or billions if
you believe him he has billions of
dollars to gain from those tax cuts you
think he cares about a 14 year old or a
16 year old being sexually assaulted
when he's got money to make
he just told you I don't care we got to
do what we got to do that is the Trump
motto support independent media come
join us at the Young Turks TYT Network
com /join
