Vox has released a report about bad
judgment and sexual misconduct
allegations against New York Times
correspondent White House correspondent
Glen thrush this comes from Laura McGann
who is a former colleague at Politico
with Glen thrush there's a lot that goes
into this report but basically she calls
into question his own advocacy for women
women in the field of journalism saying
that five years ago when Thresh and I
were colleagues at Politico he caught me
off guard put his hand on my thigh and
subtly started kissing me
thrush says he recalls the incident
differently she goes on to say three
young women I interviewed including the
young woman who met thrush in June
described to me a range of similar
experiences from unwanted groping and
kissing to wet kisses out of nowhere too
hazy sexual encounters that played out
under the influence of alcohol each
woman described feeling differently
about these experience scared violated
ashamed weirded out I was and am angry
thrush did release a statement to the
peace he said I apologize to any woman
who felt uncomfortable in my presence
and for any situation where I behaved
inappropriately any behavior that makes
a woman feel disrespected or
uncomfortable is unacceptable in this
interview there are a lot of different
examples and they're screenshots of text
messages sent back and forth emails as
well
40 people were interviewed in and around
the media the author emphasizes his
influence in the world of reporting and
media and then points out how some women
had this tricky confusing relationship
with thrush where something that they
didn't feel comfortable with had
happened and then they would sort of
encourage him the next day or try and
make him feel better
one of these women says I hate feeling
obligated to make him think I think
everything is fine it's been this thing
hanging over me I feel like I have to be
nice to this person just because he
knows people they go on to just talk
about just the toxic environment now
ending with the behavior attributed to
Glenn in this Vox story is very
concerning and not in keeping with the
standards and values of the New York
Times said Eileen Murphy the senior vice
president of communications for the New
York Times in a written statement we
intend to fully investigate and while we
do Glenn will be
suspended we support his decision to
enter a substance abuse program in the
meantime we will not be commenting
further so they closed with a statement
from the New York Times this follows
Glenn saying that he has been seeking
alcohol treatment for his substance
abuse problems and and that's sort of
what we have right now it is again a
really detailed report please read the
full thing a lot of women are speaking
on the record although many anonymously
I want to get a response from you all on
when you read this story yeah so by the
way guys whenever we're talking about a
story the link will be in the
description box if you're watching on
YouTube and will try to put it on
Facebook in the comment section so so
you read the whole story for yourself
because that is that a lot of context
and context matters a lot as we've
discussed in all these issues so it's
easy to lump everybody into the same
batch I don't think they need I don't
think they should be in the same batch
so Glen thrush thrush is now facing this
investigation about potentially sexual
harassment it is not the same as what
Weinstein and Ratner and and Ailes etc
were alleged to have done this is that
doesn't mean that it's a right those are
separate conversations okay and a you
know one of the comments that George
Bush said drove me crazy with he said
back in the day said I don't do nuance I
think it's a terrible thing not to do
nuance so nuance is important but when
you do new us it doesn't mean you're
excusing the behavior of the people that
did something not quite as atrocious as
other people okay so now in his case
what are the issues some of the woman he
worked with including the person who
wrote this piece Laura McGann so now she
did not report to me she he was not her
boss it gets complicated because now the
rules are that you are allowed to have
relationships at the office if they're
if they're not working directly for one
another so if they had a consensual
relationship there's nothing wrong with
that okay now she says it was not
consensual in that moment where he put
his hand on her thigh and then kissed
her without permission okay so if that's
the case that's bad and there has to be
some consequences attached to that right
I don't know what the consequence should
be I don't know we're all trying to
figure this out together right now I
want to introduce another element here
that we should think about which is if
he's trying to kiss women and they don't
want to be kissed I'm not sure that
that's a federal offense in the
beginning if he persists then it's
definitely a problem so where do you
draw a line between so here I'll give
you a personal example when I was 17
Eileen didn't do 16 leaned in to kiss
this girl who we were studying together
and she turned her cheek I hope that
that's not a thing right later we went
on the date for four and a half years by
the way just because later something
else happened doesn't mean that the show
probably but if we are going to say that
every leaned in for a kiss is wrong
we're gonna have to round up a lot of
people on the other hand eath if she
clearly does not want it and you're
touching her without her consent and
sticking your tongue down her throat
which that's a totally different issue
that's why context matters and nuance
matters right a lot of these stories are
essentially he got drunk at a thing and
at the end wouldn't let a girl go home
in the over and then she wouldn't they
kept trying to kiss her until she
started crying and then was like oh my
god I'm a terrible person I need to
leave so it seems like he is okay he
finally when they start crying realizes
he does bad stuff but he doesn't
recognize leading up to it all the bad
things it also seems like he has a
substance abuse problem it seems to me
and this is just my sniff test that he
actually does have a substance abuse
problem and that it's not just like an
excuse for something but that's not up
for me that's just like my opinion on
reading this article I just think that
we do need to take a lot of things into
consideration when looking at this and I
completely agree with if there's thing a
and thing B just because you call thing
be worse doesn't mean you're calling
thing a good yes and so and in this case
it about the girl who's crying it's not
McGann it's a different story
and there are multiple stories here and
so if
you want to criticize them for going too
far that is a perfectly legitimate
criticism and the New York Times is
suspended him be cut for the context is
as Brent pointed out when he got to a
point where it was overwhelmingly clear
that it was not consensual
and he shouldn't have gotten to that
point in the first place he does then go
say I'm sorry and and and runs away
unlike the other cases where they there
is likewise a saying shut up and stand
there and take it basically right he did
not do that stuff so I think for me when
I was reading through this Vox piece
ethics math aside it was so familiar and
unsettling to hear about how women were
warning each other about how to sir my
earpiece how to behave around Glen
thrush and they were warning each other
that's something that is very familiar
to girls I mean I remember this is sort
of down in college there were certain
boys that you just knew were too
touchy-feely especially when drinking so
you have this sort of circle of trust
among friends and I'm sure it exists
within other circles as well but I know
that I know that feeling that sentiment
so reading through this and the text
messages that are included the
screenshots where this girl says I'm
nervous about this Glen's situation and
then her friends are saying all right
call an uber and just people you know
checking in on her because again they
knew that he was he was this way that he
was irresponsible and did not conduct
himself in a way that was respectful and
then juxtaposing that with what how he
says he feels he is towards women which
was when he was confronted with it he
says I don't lure anybody ever I got
drunk because I got some shitty health
news I am acutely aware of the hurdles
that women face in this business and
have spent the better part of 20 years
advocating for women journalists and
this comes on the heels of someone just
sort of pointing himself someone
presenting the issue to him saying like
hey my friend had this this incident
with you last night she left in tears
what can I do so that this doesn't
happen again and then he's just like I'm
acutely aware of women's issues I don't
know if you know
but I'm like I know an under it I don't
know I watch a lot of movies so it's
like I feel like when he says you're
looking for like this character thing
like if he was a character in a movie I
would make him the one who yes he fights
for women but only the one who make him
feel good about himself make him feel
like that big mentor that's given them a
hope in the world and I don't know what
that is and that's what so we talked
about this on pop trigger like there's a
lot of courts we can try people in we
can try them in the criminal court you
can try them in a civil court we can try
them in the court of public opinion and
I assume the basketball court some kind
of trial by combat best first nine wins
and doesn't jail but like they all have
their positives and negatives like when
we think about Roy Moore like the court
of public opinion is much faster
criminal courts gonna take a long time
and he might be well into the Senate
before we do that and there are a lot of
people who like he you know you know
allegedly molested children so we had
and it seems like a court of public
opinion thing but Criminal Court is one
where there are a lot of people saying
what's admissible and what's not so it's
more curated in terms of what we put out
there but it takes forever it's it's a
real difficult decision and then civil
court you can put it in but you can have
some kind of large settlement that part
of it is yes it seems like justice was
kind of done because someone who was
victimized as the person who you know
did that thing to them pay a lot of
money but part of that settlement is I
don't admit fault and you can't talk
about it
so what's what progress is being made
and it's it's a really difficult
decision and and that's that's where
it's hardest for me to do these kinds of
stories because I don't know what to do
so look there's another angle in this
story which is that they say well he's
powerful and so him trying to make out
with you is different and almost de
facto intimidating mmm it depends and
and if you say it's wrong for me to say
it depends that's fine we're gonna
disagree on that it depends if he's
their boss yes that is wrong you can't
have that right if he is unrelated
to them they don't even work in the same
place so is a powerful guy somewhat
powerful guy come on I mean Glen thrush
is not Harvey Weinstein he is an okay
reporter a good reporter for the New
York Times in Politico he doesn't rule
the world
he's not allowed to try to hook up with
women no I don't agree so that doesn't
mean that what he did here was just
trying to hook up with women if he took
it too far and he went past their
obvious non consent that is a
significant issue and again that's what
the New York Times looking into now and
if you say no Jake you're not allowed to
do nuanced you should just blame him for
everything and realize that he's
absolutely guilty without context or
nuance I don't agree with you I don't
agree so and by the way what grace is
saying is super legit if there is if
women are talking about one particular
guy and you got to watch out for him
that probably usually means something
well the the overwhelming thing that
struck me about this piece was of the
field of the 40 people that she
interviewed along with herself and her
own experience with him they all came to
an agreement even though they had
different experiences that were like
he's got a reputation for being a creep
especially when he drinks and girls
within the industry women within the
industry because a lot of these were
young up-and-coming journalists a lot of
them are around you know in their early
20s and he is older than that a lot of
them were just saying we need to look
out for each other and now what we're
seeing because of this movement of women
feeling emboldened to come forward
they're saying you know what we're not
gonna stick up for each other just
behind closed doors in secrecy we're
gonna say this guy is a creep we're
going on record right if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
