unfortunately there are new allegations
about Senator Al Franken
recently Leon Sweden had come out and
said that she had been groped by Senator
Al Franken and that he had involuntarily
kissed her backstage and an Al Franken
has said that he should be investigated
for that which is a lot more than you
could say for Republicans facing similar
situations okay now there is a new
allegation Lindsay mends a 33 year-old
told CNN and a report published on
Monday
now Franken quote inappropriately
touched her in 2010 while posing for a
photograph at the Minnesota State Fair
and men's says about Lea and tweeting I
don't want to paint my story in the same
light as hers if someone sees that I
said something maybe it would give them
the courage to say something too then
she explains what happens men stole CNN
that she was at the fair because her
father's business was sponsoring a booth
she spent the day taking photos with
local elected officials political
candidates and celebrities one of which
happened to be frankenz what happened to
be frank him as mezes husband went to
take a photo over and Franken men said
the senator pulled her quote in really
close like awkward close and as my
husband took the picture he bit his hand
full-fledged on my rear it was wrapped
tightly around my butt cheek so look
being too close in a picture I don't
know
write her description of what happened
is clearly unacceptable so you we don't
have to bother explaining why it's
unacceptable so but she explains further
it wasn't around my waist in case you're
unclear it wasn't around my waist it
wasn't on my hip or side it was
definitely on my butt I was like oh my
god what's happening
okay menzies husband corroborated the
account noting the Franken who was a
first term senator at the time pulled
men's in and pushed his head against her
head and that she had told him
immediately after the exchange he
totally grabbed my butt okay now look
they're disturbing parts of the story on
all fronts obviously if these
allegations are true they're deeply
disturbing
and the Democrats are taking them very
seriously and have called for an ethics
investigation as they should that is
correct
Roger stone tweeted out the day before
any of the revelations came out that it
was senator Franken's turn for the hot
seat so how did a political operative
Republican hatchet man Roger stone know
these allegations were going to come out
before they came out that is a very fair
question
now that was before Leon tweed ins
allegations but now we have Lindsey
Mane's as well I you know I don't know
their politics and that's okay if what
they say is true their politics is
absolutely irrelevant and and Frankin
obviously should go through that
investigation as I've now said several
times then franken himself says I take
thousands of photos at the State Fair
surrounded by hundreds of people and I
certainly don't remember taking this
picture I feel badly that Mis men's came
away from our interaction feeling
disrespected so well I'll have to look
into it and find out what actually
happened now of course Trump after the
tweeting situation had come out with
these tweets saying the Al Franken Stein
picture is really bad speaks a thousand
words where do his hands go in pictures
two three four five and six while she
sleeps and to think that just last week
he continues lecturing anyone who would
listen about he was lecturing anyone who
would listen about sexual harassment
respect for women Lesley Stahl tape okay
speaking of tapes of course Donald Trump
famously said on tape admitted confessed
that he grabs women by the genitalia
without asking them
so that is clear sexual assault he also
admitted to kissing them without asking
them and that he thought he could get
away with it not a an honest situation
where hey I thought we were on a date
and then it was going well no he knows
that they are not giving consent and he
attacks them anyway and brags about it
afterwards and says they let him get
away with it because he's a star so I'm
asking and by the way there's not one or
two allegations against Donald Trump
there are now 16 credible allegations
against Donald Trump so I'm gonna ask a
very fair question and I want you guys
to participate here what is a
petition TYT Network comm / Essex and it
says this we support the ethics
investigation of senator Al Franken we
also believe that whatever the
consequence of that investigation are it
should be applied ten times over to
President Donald Trump who has clearly
been accused of worst transgressions by
many more women 16 women some of them
have accused them of sexual harassment
many others sexual assaults his own wife
alleged in sworn testimony during the
divorce proceedings that that he had
raped her and ripped her hair out while
doing it later after well after the
proceedings were over and she was
satisfied she was through those charges
you make of that whatever you want but
she's not alone and there are many women
who have told stories about how they
were invited for business meetings and
then he would put his hands all over
them and then trapped them in a in a
corner of a room once in one of the
instances and start groping them and and
try to do further sexual assault and
some of the women got away and some did
not
so if Al Franken is going to be punished
and these stories are true that makes
sense
we are not hypocrites about it we are
honest and fair about it at the same
time if Al Franken gets punished as he
should if these stories are true why is
the president in a much more important
position have no ethics investigation
why is there no ethics investigation
well there are 16 women with credible
allegations saying that date he sexually
assaulted them TYT Network comm / ethics
can we get a little bit of fairness in
here and say if we are going to apply a
certain standard to one group of folks
at a bare minimum we should apply that
same standard to the other side so if
for example Al Franken is forced to
resign no problem president Trump I
assume will resign the next day all of
these
allegations are deeply problematic for
Senator Franken and much more so for
Donald Trump because there's so many
more of them and they are much more
vicious now and it's not to say that
what senator Franken did if true is is
not a problem it is a problem I've now
said that now four or five times right
it is a different level what Donald
Trump did when he he would you've you've
already seen the details you've covered
them they are gruesome and for so many
women he's a serial sexual assault er he
has done it over and over again so at a
bare minimum let us hold them for the
same standard anything less is not
acceptable TYT membership gives you
commercial free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
