TYT Messier has broken another story of
great import it gives you a sense of how
the people in Washington get rich off of
us now Alex Keenan matt cunningham
reporting here that TYT has learned that
the brother of White House Office of
Management and Budget director Mick
Mulvaney an architect of the GOP tax
plan is a portfolio manager for the
secretive investment arm of Apple
incorporated which under the tax plan
stands to gain a bigger windfall than
any other company that is literally true
I'll share the numbers with you in a
second so who is this brother of Mick
Mulvaney let's find out
Mulvaney's brother ted has been a
portfolio manager for brow burn capital
apples wholly owned investment firm for
at least 10 years according to previous
reporting about Braeburn during that
period he and his wife donated twenty
four thousand nine hundred dollars to
his brother makes four congressional
campaigns now look he gives money to his
brothers campaign I don't think a lot of
people are surprised by that now if
there's no quid pro quo no problem at
all and now we at least have the
appearance of a conflict of interest
here where his brother than helps to
pass a tax plan which is going to give
him a lot more money to invest in his
company and potentially make his brother
a lot more money so to give you a sense
of the scale here according to a 2013
report by the Guardian Braeburn manages
the profits that Apple reports through
its Irish subsidiaries now that's really
relevant because what Mulvaney is
engineering is a repatriation tax
holiday in essence so that you could
take the money from things like the IRA
subsidiaries and bring them back into
America at a lower rate and save
billions of dollars which Braeburn would
be involved with and then would later
invest some of the proceeds as well and
a local Apple incorporated subsidiary
Braeburn is is responsible for investing
apples 200 billion dollars of cash it's
actually over that number so we're
talking about a lot of money here that
is at stake now it is convenient if your
brother is the one making the plans that
will get you some
more of that money now does Mick
Mulvaney though really know what his
brother does maybe he does they show up
at Thanksgiving but they don't really
know what they're up to right no in a
May 2017 c-span interview Mick Mulvaney
referred to his brother Ted and said he
quote manages money for Apple computer
so the budget director is perfectly
aware of what his brother does and how
much he would stand to gain from the
plan that Mick Mulvaney is pushing today
so well let's then ask the next question
is Mulvaney really that involved in the
GOP tax plan well we go to Cain and
Cunningham's reporting here again from
the outset Mick Mulvaney has been a key
driver of the GOP tax plan reportedly
saying that he was one of the three
members of the Trump administration
alongside Treasury secretary Steve
Newton and National Economic Council
director Gary Cohen tasked with
developing the tax plan so he's the one
who's actually creating the tax plan
well that is awfully convenient and but
is it really about repatriation allowing
Apple to bring this money back from our
subsidiaries in other places that they
have well Mick Mulvaney said it is about
quote corporate tax reform individual
tax reform and how do you repay trade
earnings overseas so crystal clear so
how much does Apple stand to gain from
this according to a new Public Citizen
report the GOP tax plan would let Apple
repatriate an estimated two hundred and
fifty two point three billion in
overseas earnings to the US and a tax
rate of 12% Apple would save an
estimated forty seven point 1 billion
dollars the most of any corporation and
that money very likely goes right back
for Ted Mulvaney to invest further the
once again incredibly convenient so now
what is their excuse for all this the
White House spokesperson says quote the
conflict laws do not extend abroad
government matters affecting a large and
diverse group of the public such as
corporate tax reform further
there is no real or apparent conflict of
interest between an employee's duties
and the financial interests of a
siblings employer so in other words
we're giving all the rich people tax
cuts and all the giant corporations tax
cuts so big Mulvaney's brother happens
to be a direct beneficiary of this so
all other rich people not that great an
excuse and yes I believe that it is a
conflict of interest look TYT
investigates just finds out the facts
and reports on them now as I described
the report to you my opinion is that
Apple is not any more evil than any
other corporation they're not evil or
good they are amoral they are a
corporation they're a machine or a robot
they're not a person and that machine
will do whatever it takes to maximize
profit will they do a lot of lobbying to
get money into the pockets of
politicians yes they will definitely do
that and have done that at a significant
scale and TRT investigates discover that
as well do other corporations also do it
absolutely from time to time do some of
those corporations employ the family
members of the people that are coming up
with these plans at the at the
government yes and this is one of those
instances they will these machines will
do whatever it takes to maximize profit
when we allow as America citizens
corporations that have constitutional
rights national natural rights endowed
by their creator inalienable rights and
the right to free speech which we now
say is the right to give money to
politicians this will happen over and
over and over again so this is yet
another instance of it if you want to
stop it you have to stop the private
financing of Elections otherwise this
won't be the last time by a long shot
and we know that it doesn't create jobs
that's another series that TYT
investigates has done where Apple for
example said they were going to create
new jobs in America Tim Cook didn't say
that but they said that they would start
new manufacturing well if you are T and
meskhi has looked into whether they did
and it turns out
there is no such permit and there are no
plans for expansion to create more jobs
in America so no this is simply to get
more money into the pockets of their
shareholders and their executives and so
it's one thing to be honest about that
it's another thing to say oh sure sure
we'll we'll do new investments in
America there'll be wonderful jobs
created in Kentucky maybe not so much
but we'll some people get rich yes
apparently the brother of the budget
director will get fabulously wealthy off
of this and David Kay Johnson is an
expert in the field he covers these
financial issues and he's the founder of
DC report here's what he said about this
specific issue it's the job of people
like Mick Mulvaney 's brother to
engineer the interest without running
afoul of tax rules it's yet another
example of how fundamentally broken our
tax system is the Trump plan will only
make things worse by effectively retro
actively cutting taxes on Apple's
profits I know why the corporation's
want to do it as much as it is by deeply
troubling to the rest of us it is a
logical thing for them to try to cut
their taxes to the bare minimum what I
don't know is why we allow it
they have shift the tax burden away from
corporations and onto us the American
citizens corporate taxes used to pay for
over a third of the budget back in 1952
now it is 10 percent and shrinking and
this will make it nearly minuscule where
did it go it went to increase payroll
taxes which the poor and the middle
class pay and in fact the rich don't
even pay it after a certain amount so
they shifted the burden of the taxes
from corporations to the middle class in
America we should not allow them to do
that you have got to get money out of
politics one group working on that is
wolf dash pack.com if you don't if you
like them and want to help great if you
don't and you want to find another group
you want to find a conservative group or
progressive group because wolf pack's
nonpartisan go find them
start your own group do
whatever you got to do but we as
citizens cannot allow this fundamental
redistribution of wealth out of our
pockets and into the pockets of these
corporations if we let them get away
with it they will do it to us over and
over they did it during Bush in 2004 and
the last time they did that tax holiday
for corporations by the way did you get
a tax holiday I didn't get one but
corporations keep getting one almost
every decade the last time they did a
tax holiday for this repatriation of
cash the amount of money they spent on
lobbyists they got a twenty four
thousand percent return on investment
corporations do not give the politicians
out of charity they do it for a return
on investment the first time they give a
corporation they're taking a gamble on
that I'm sorry when they give to a
politician the second time they give you
a politician it is not a gamble
they have already gotten their return on
investment and now they're back for more
billions more help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
