there is a bipartisan effort in the
Senate to strengthen background checks
in the United States if you are looking
to purchase a firearm now this is an
effort again not just by Democrats but
by a Republican senator and a Democratic
senator and the saying look we need to
bolster the background check system in
order to make sure that the
communication is strong and to make sure
that these backgrounds are as
comprehensive as possible so we're not
allowing the wrong person to legally
obtain a gun now legislation would
require the head of each federal agency
to certify twice a year that they have
submitted the proper records to the
National instant criminal background
check system and would mandate that each
agency develop an implementation plan
for ensuring that all records are
submitted if the agency fails to certify
that the records it has submitted to the
ni si s or fails to follow its
implementation plan political appointees
in the agency will not be eligible to
receive bonus pay so there's the
incentive to actually keep up with the
records and that's one of the bigger
problems that people are experiencing
some of these records are not being
first of all included or taken and so
this this law if it were to pass would
do something about that you know and
you're right it's good news right it's
bipartisan you got John Cornyn of all
people from Texas we're gonna Tim Scott
from a South Carolina very conservative
Orrin Hatch obviously and Dean Heller
and working with some Democrats too but
I mean the conversation that that I mean
we don't even fix the things that these
little things and when people call for
meaningful gun and even Chris Murphy
who's so outspoken really the you know
because he represents Newtown and and
and he's been terrific on it and and and
if it were up to him we would probably
have some meaningful changes but the
conversation about gun control takes
place totally on the NRA and the right
side of the ledger I mean nobody's
talking about restricting the
manufacturer certain kinds of guns are
banning the sale of certain kinds of
guns or going out and ordering people
within the next year to turn in those
kinds of guns for some sort of you know
we don't like all things that might be
reasonable it might actually make a
significant difference and we're not
talking about banning every
taking everybody's gonna way but again
we don't let people have or although
based on the show I just saw some people
do have bazookas but we don't let people
have tanks right don't let people have
Tomahawk missile launchers that's gun
control we have gun control we do
control the sale and ownership of some
guns we just stop it at a point before
when we still allow them to have guns
that can do military quantum
military-grade weapons that can still do
tremendous damage to people right so we
don't have a conversation about just get
maybe just getting rid of those guns
like within 10 years we're not gonna
have these guns anymore we're gonna get
them we'll pay you for them their
property you have a right to some money
for that and we're gonna take those guns
from you now because nobody but we don't
even that conversation that having we're
gonna get this and then they'll pass
this right probably shake hands like and
we will have shored up something that
needed shoring up but it is a tiny tiny
tiny little step toward getting to the
kind of society where people can walk
around and not substantively fear that
they might be part of the motion and I
just want to quickly interject and
before you jump in back that bump stocks
are still perfectly legal right those
can buy a bump stock right now perfectly
legal Congress did absolutely nothing
following the mass shooting in Las Vegas
that's it yeah that went away even like
the little I mean that if you could
agree I think we can all agree it's it
was a little thing to change yeah and
all the analysis is well alright we can
agree that this one thing yeah you know
there's a spirit of a law saying that
you can't have an automatic weapon this
has it functioning as an automatic
weapon the laws already on the book
let's ban it doesn't but it is that
process that happens not just on the
other side's you know in their terms and
according to their their structure but
but it just it it just happens behind
the scenes and no one sees where it goes
on it also happens in the dark and in
secret and and once there's a light
shine on it something else happens we
look we look the other way and it's gone
and the sad logic seems that like this
thing has to happen more often in order
for us to be
pay attention long enough to make sure
that it goes through another aspect of
this is this is a law that we are
passing to ensure we follow the law
that's right right that's right and so
if this doesn't work then you know a few
years later we'll rethink it we might
pass a law to make sure that we follow
the law that ensures that we enforce the
original law so I I don't think we need
that why do we need this aspect of it I
know we need to get together and vote
and hopefully it'll be really quick but
I have I get more and more you know
disconcerted and sad when I see over
time even these little things that are
just saying this is a minor this is all
this is close to nothing it's fulfilling
the promises we've already made and you
remember the good old days when we were
like worried that they're probably gonna
just bad bump stocks and then you know
look at that as a win and then leave the
gun control issue like that I look back
at that I'm like man I wish that would
have happened at least they would have
banned that right but they couldn't even
do that
but well they we didn't do anything
after Vegas because we're never gonna do
anything because Vegas did not have the
emotional impact of Newtown I mean 20
first-graders got murdered in their
class murdered and knew they were gonna
get murdered I went to I were terrorized
first and then murdered I saw their
friends die and then they were murdered
first graders they're six-year-olds and
then and we didn't so I mean that that's
worse than Vegas if we're gonna rank him
and we didn't do anything man I say to
Mandalay after the event yeah I went
back just cuz I got an offer cuz they
play too much casino slots on my phone
and they were like come see for free and
so I went and they they have made the
change that you have to show your key
card before you go up the elevator well
worth that so you showed you show them
that you haven't I thought they already
do that they did already do that but
then they didn't do it everywhere it's
all day they did it's just so they can
maybe register you as someone who's
someone can see you go in and out so if
you go in and out a lot with a lot of
bags maybe that's one thing and then
they all there also was a story in the
news about how if it's longer than 72
hours and you had
not disturb on your door they're just
gonna go in they're just gonna go I
think they're just gonna you get do not
serving over 72 hours they're going in
you're getting fresh towels man that's
it yep you are getting don't care if
they're on the floor or not you're
giving you four new towels and some hand
towels but it's and the medium towel
which is an underrated but I'm
misunderstood towel okay so okay
unacceptable
like this is this is the thing okay so
you have bad actors doing terrible
things and so instead of passing
legislation that would you know maybe
put a stop to that
you're gonna said everyone else is gonna
be inconvenience right everyone out
curity like yes it's the TSA approach
it's it's yeah that's it
now we're gonna be by the way I I had to
go to I went to a school a school
district board meeting that I was just
interested in and it was in this
building where as I drove through
security he stopped me and he's like you
need to open your trunk they had to
search my trunk yeah that damn that's
insane
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm /join
