police are now answering questions
regarding a shooting that took place in
Northern California that unfortunately
led to the death of five individuals and
several others who were wounded now the
man who shot and killed five individuals
actually had a court order against him
there was a restraining order against
him and the court order indicated that
he was prohibited from having guns
however even though neighbors had
alerted authorities on several occasions
to let the cops know that this guy was
discharging his weapon outside of his
home and that he shouldn't have the
weapons nothing was done to stop him uh
so this happened in a rural part of
California he shot and killed five
people and wounded at least eight others
at different locations around this rural
community of Rancho T Hema Reserve
police later shot and killed him his
name is Kevin Neel we do have a mug shot
of his and the reason why he has a mug
shot is because back in January he
actually went after one of his neighbors
and stabbed her and that was the reason
why she was able to obtain a restraining
order against him police conceded though
that neighbors had repeatedly complained
about Kevin Neil firing hundreds of
rounds from his house among other
erratic and violent behavior he this is
what the cop said during the press
conference he was not law enforcement
friendly he would not come to the door
you have to understand we can't
anticipate what people are going to do
we don't have a crystal ball however
considering the fact that there was this
court order against him indicating that
he was prohibited from having these guns
if neighbors had alerted authorities
about him shooting and all that stuff
the cops had the ability to just enter
his home they didn't even need to get a
warrant right they could search his home
and make sure that things were safe but
they don't want that they would have no
they would have no problem getting a
warrant no lawyer looking into this said
no based on the court order if there was
a probable cause the cops could go to
this trouble but also but I mean if they
went to a judge and said this guy's been
shooting off guns in this house in a
breather I mean that any any prosecution
friendly judge any reasonable judge
would probably say that that
is probable cause for Warren and get him
more they have two options when they say
you have to understand like he was not
law enforcement friendly you have to
understand we can't anticipate what
people are going to do you don't have a
crystal we don't have a crystal of all
they have two options one is to find a
way through the legal system to enforce
the law and two is just get a crystal
ball let's find a way so as may be a
plan B backup right go to the crystal
ball
figure a way to get a crystal ball have
that in the works but in the meantime go
get a warrant right and look again like
based on this specific case and this
specific court order prohibiting from
prohibiting him from having guns they
didn't even need to go the extra step of
getting a warrant if they had any
probable cause any suspicion that he had
weapons they could search his home but
they went they knocked apparently this
guy wouldn't answer the door and they're
like okay I guess this is it
I guess there's nothing else we can do
when in reality there was much more they
could have done so let me give you more
details about the shooting that took
place he had a history of domestic
violence against his wife and one of the
victims of this shooting was his wife
police found the bullet-riddled body of
deals wife stuffed under the floorboards
of their home Neel also shot two of his
neighbor's in an apparent act of revenge
before he went looking for it
do we know whether it's the one of the
neighbors the neighbor that he stabbed
back in January was one of the victims
that had killed that person yeah so he
also went for random victims at
different locations that included the
communities Elementary School luckily no
children were killed but there were a
number of children who were wounded he
went to a local school and tried to
shoot at the kids but there was an
educator there who was incredibly brave
and heroic and managed to get all the
kids inside a classroom before Neel
could get close enough to really cause
some damage now he kept trying to get
into the room but it failed to do so
so he started shooting into the room and
one of the students did get hit with a
bullet or a couple bullets but he is in
the hospital and and is expected to make
a full recovery
yeah he said it was a
school to custodian custodian yes got it
I mean a lot of this is just let's there
is there are rules in place to keep this
guy from having a gun so the Queen there
are lots of questions in the gun debate
one of them is seeing this one seems to
be settled this guy should not have had
access to it illegally there is a law on
the books preventing him from doing this
this is a question of whether we are
fulfilling the promises we've made yeah
so he apparently the he had they found a
couple of guns that they recovered from
the scene they recovered two homemade
assault rifles and two handguns that
have been registered to somebody else
because he had given up his guns
apparently back in February right but
he's shooting them off all the things
that we right I'm like yeah this could
have been avoided yeah look I think you
know oftentimes people say well we have
some gun control measures and why don't
they work well part the problem is you
know the enforcement of these measures
is lacking and there are lawmakers right
now in Congress that are trying to solve
that issue so if there is any form of
background check sometimes there's a
lack of communication or
miscommunication between different
states or you know some of the
information isn't updated into someone's
record all sorts of things kind of fall
through the cracks allowing someone who
shouldn't legally obtain a gun to go off
to a gun store and buy it you know and
so again there are some efforts to to
stop that from happening but I mean we
have to strengthen whatever you know
flimsy laws we have in the first place
and we also need to have a conversation
about you know gun safety as well
because there's never any discussion
about that I know you guys did a story
an hour one about a man who accidentally
discharged his gun at a church and shot
his wife we didn't do it oh you guys
didn't get to it really good um so there
was a story prepared but uh
unfortunately you guys didn't get to it
but yeah a guy is in a church he's
showing off his gun to churchgoers
thinks that he took all the bullets out
and then he accidentally discharges the
gun and and shoots his wife luckily you
know no one got killed but we need to
have a real conversation
gun safety in addition to what shows
their gun off at church that's America
the country we live in and I feel like
it's it's like it's a type of culture
that maybe we don't understand but for
some people the most normal thing in the
world think for says sir would every
time I followed by the territory of that
california shooting for the milk for the
last day since we found out that his
wife was under the floorboards yeah like
who'd gotten a restraining order against
him just think about the horror that
this woman went through right get a
restraining order against him protect
yourself and then there he is
you know what he's capable of I mean
just that every moment of her last
moment of her life was as bad as it
could possibly be yeah
help us build the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
