you know for centuries people have been
donating their bodies to science after
they die hoping that their contribution
can help researchers better understand
the aging process or disease progression
maybe help train the next generation of
medical professionals donating their
body for many people is the last
selfless act that they get to perform on
this earth it should come as no surprise
that corporations have finally found a
way to turn this selfless act by their
fellow citizens into a big profit Center
over the years countless companies have
popped up that specialize in providing
cadavers to scientific organizations for
the research but not all of these
companies are in business to help
scientific research in fact a lot of
them are there to make a quick buck in
the most disturbing disgusting unethical
way you can imagine for nearly ten years
a company called science care
Incorporated has been accepting bodies
that were donated by families in the
name of science the company told the
families that the bodies would be
studied used for academic purposes and
then the cremated remains of that would
be returned to the families at no cost
this provided a great opportunity for
low-income families who are too strapped
for cash to provide elaborate funeral
arrangements for their loved ones and
they also got the benefit of knowing
that they were helping scientific
research but unfortunately for these
families that scenario didn't play out
at all in 2008 the company decided that
they weren't making enough money by
being an intermediary between families
and research facilities so they
developed a new business model that they
claimed was based off the business model
of McDonald's you heard that right
McDonald's McDonald's has a model that
says no matter where you go whether it's
a McDonald's in New York City or one in
San Francisco your Big Mac is going to
taste the same everywhere except science
care wasn't selling hamburgers to
customers they were selling body parts a
year-long investigation by Reuters
revealed that after the donated bodies
were returned to science care the staff
would then dismember the bodies to sell
to academics and researchers for further
study rather than taking the body
cremating it in returning the remain
to the family's promised the company
decided to take the remains chop them up
sell them off one by one without the
family's knowledge or permission the
cremated remains that were returned the
family were just the leftovers that
couldn't be sold off for profit the most
shocking part of the story is that this
is all 100% legal in the United States
while there are few strict regulations
about donation and handling of organs
that are donated to be used the donation
of whole bodies is unsupervised the
families whose loved ones were
dismembered and sold off to
organizations have now filed a lawsuit
against science care as a result of the
company's disgusting ghoulish practices
