hello I'm Jim Yardley I'm within New
York Times and I thank you all for
coming
obviously we're talking about hate
speech today and we were all struck at
least I was and some of the panelists at
the the the talking points we were given
is platforms like Facebook and
Twitter do more to stop the
proliferation of hate speech and we were
equally struck with it none of those
platforms had volunteered to participate
in this discussion and so we thought
that that sort of shows the complexity
and the unease that this issue creates I
mean it gets into what kind of companies
are these I was discussing with my
colleagues earlier so I want to just
sort of get our panel talking and and
first of all what kind of companies are
these what is Facebook exactly is it a
media company is the utility what should
it do well first I just wanted to say
that I'm losing my voice so I apologize
if it becomes increasingly difficult to
understand what I'm trying to say but
you know these are companies that
essentially began as social media
companies that connected us allowed us
to communicate with one another in an
easier way allowed us to communicate
with people in other countries in an
easier way and also it led to some
positive things like the democratization
of information so you would have
traditional media companies selecting
certain stories and covering them in a
certain way that maybe individuals felt
didn't give you the full picture or
comprehensive look of what's going on
and now all of a sudden you have these
social media platforms that allow you to
see different varying perspectives but
as with all things related to technology
while it may begin with good intentions
there's a lot of room for abuse and I
think we're seeing a lot of that now
with some of these tech giants including
Facebook and Twitter Renate well I would
say I have a slightly different view I
for many for especially many in the
developing world
those social media companies are the
single point of access for information
in many countries many complex countries
Facebook for instance is their primary
source the only way to access public in
public information and that means afford
the responsibility for them it is your
personalized newspaper it is not only
the way you communicate with those
around you but it is the single point of
access and that makes the situation more
complicated because in the developed
world you have variety of sources in
those contexts when the social media
company is the primary publisher the
primary distributor of information of
public interest I think that they eat
the raw changes and responsibilities
change as well furthermore I would say
that these companies are not only are
highly police spaces with rules of one
country applying to a global audience
and it is now as many are connected
online we are seeing that this San
Francisco very liberal regulation
completely divorce from fundamental
rights is a is a we have a problem now
we have a serious problem from the
absence on this space of them to the
absence of and they this allergy of
regulation that these companies lobby
against constantly in Brussels in
Washington what are they I think
companies like Facebook and Google are
primarily advertising companies the
advertise based on the bubble that they
can place us in and the neater the
bubble and the more they can keep us
looking at the content the more precise
that they can become which leads to a
risk of isolating people in particular
bubbles rien
forcing views that are not necessarily
mainstream views or acceptable views and
oversimplified political responses
Facebook should do something Google
should do something somebody dumb it
somebody should do something and but
what is it exactly that they should do
and one thing they could do is regulate
themselves the self regulate and reduce
the pressure on filter bubbles reduce
the the categorization of people to
allow them to have more diversity and
the other thing they can do is to
regulate us which funny enough people
also call self-regulation but I am NOT
Facebook and a Facebook is
self-regulating they're not regulating
me Joe Joe when you say regulate it more
diversity diversity of opinion so it's
Facebook's responsibility to give you
views that the algorithm says may be
opposite of what your political views
are I think you should avoid they should
avoid pushing people into a particular
filter bubble I saw a very interesting
presentation recently of somebody who
showed that if they looked at something
a little right-wing on YouTube as time
went on it became more and more and more
and the more outrageous something is the
more you're there they were being
dragged into it and the more they were
being dragged into it the more data they
were they were creating and I'm not
saying there's an easy answer to that
but what I am saying is that we need to
define our problem before we can we can
find solutions and I I get particularly
annoyed at the use of the word
self-regulation when it there well
that's the second issue the first issue
is if they're not regulating themselves
it's not self-regulation Freeza
yeah Jim I'm getting continuously
annoyed about another thing which is the
qualification hate speech moderating
hate speech who deserves a platform my
answer is absolutely nobody let's be
very clear
hate speech has nothing to do with
shocking or disturbing speeches they are
authorised European jurisprudence is
making it utterly clear here we are
talking about incitement to hatred
violence and discrimination so I would
rather say let's call it what it is
online hatred you know as was said
before by others for instance racism is
not an opinion it's a crime let's just
call it what it is now in order to
combat those crimes I'm afraid we will
not solve the problem with focusing only
on the googles and the Twitter's and the
Facebook's of this world yes they have a
very important role to play and either
regulated or Selvi related they need to
step up their responsibility and we can
come back to that a bit later but let's
not forget that all of us have a
responsibility all of us as parents for
instance here we need to ensure that our
children understand what it takes to
have a civilized democratic conversation
rather than just to join the army who
you know shoots of that garbage which we
see everywhere and which is impacting
please don't an estimate this not only
gays or women but even people with
disabilities nowadays or elderly people
each and every time a new group is found
Jews Muslims whomever it is so the
problem is very big it's an attack on
human dignity so let's call it what it
is and are you wanted to say something
about self-regulation I have a lot of
thoughts on these issues but I'll start
on the the whole crux of this
conversation which is what do we need to
do to regulate hate speech first off the
number one problem is we're talking
about us-based companies that abide by
the US Constitution
and so our Constitution based on the
First Amendment does not outlaw racist
speech it does not outlaw hate speech it
does outlaw incitement of violence but
that is a very difficult thing to prove
it has to be very clear you have to say
I am directing you individuals to go
after this other individual and hurt
them in X Y Z way right and so hate
speech is protected and these are US
companies and I know that our freedom of
speech laws or constitutional rights are
very different from the way Europe
approaches these issues but at the same
time it's important to remember that
self regulation for major corporations
does not work it's like asking oil
companies to self-regulate and and lower
carbon emissions without government
regulation they're never gonna do it
because at the end of the day it's all
about profit and Facebook creates these
ideological bubbles so they can target
advertisements toward specific
individuals who are more likely to buy
these products now I agreed this is a
problem because it's leading to extreme
ideologies and it's leading to more
division and it's leading to the kind of
problems that we're currently
experiencing in the United States but it
is a balancing act between our
constitutional rights and some of the
negative ramifications in the type of
speech that we're experiencing right now
and one more thing banning hate speech
or banning racist speech does not make
that ideology go away that ideology will
continue to exist and it brushing it
under a rug doesn't solve it
Renate yes I am to respond actually
every time that I hear a person from the
u.s. arguing the Constitution one must
not forget these platforms operate
globally and as a public international
law and public public laws nationally
that applied to these companies they
excuse of the First Amendment that the
excuse of this relaxed regulation on
these companies shouldn't be used
here actually even the US is part of the
genocide come their convention to
prevent their crime of genocide and that
is that goes to the core of hate speech
inside men to commit genocide in
incitement to to commit acts of violence
that put their people in danger are in
that convention and the US companies and
the US as a country has to respect that
and do something about it concrete
example the Rohini ax the Moslem Rohini
are now in Myanmar they men and many of
them didn't have internet until recently
many of them connected for the first
time to the internet using Facebook and
guess what the leader inciting the
crimes against Romania saying that they
are dangerous that their but leaders
that they are but people he was using
Facebook precisely to maximize his
message and to marginalize people
Facebook also reacted really badly
banning some speech from the activists
denouncing the genocide against Romania
people the thing is when you have I
think the responsibility is a
proportional to power if you this
companies grew too powerful and I'd like
basically more powerful than entire
countries and I would say that just just
to finish the thought is the
responsibility to act as a global
company shouldn't be divorced from local
context and the damages that your
company can do locally in this case I
mean inside when to kill and to excise
into exile entire ethnic group so what
is really serious what could have been
done differently in the Rohingya
situation
I mean applying the laws and
understanding the international this
convention for instance and
understanding the local context well
what you're operating if you if the if
technology companies only rely on
automatic automatize methods to regulate
what's going on inside the platforms and
maximum profit of the
data of any citizen regardless you see
the results I think that they have been
negligent and it is not a single case
it's just an example of many other cases
where their business model actually
causes direct harm to put two people Joe
freezer from a European perspective I
think one problem that we have is that
we we tend to react over and over again
two cycles of news and seek to find a
reassuring quick answer if you go on to
archive.org and go to the oldest
literally the oldest copy of the New
York Times you can find the front page
says Europe counts on self-regulation of
internet 1996 2017 it produced a
communication saying more or less the
same thing but we appear not to have
learned a lot in the intervening 21
years if my maths serves me correctly
and we need to think about defining
problems we need to think about
accountability we need to think about
review mechanisms we need to think about
how problems can be how when the
solution isn't working we can adapt and
the problem that if you look at the
German hit speech law for example and
and others the problem that we have from
a government perspective is that you can
push these companies with liability
rules or whatever in a direction of
restricting more and more speech but
their private companies so you can't
pull them back you can get them to do
more easily it's very easy to delete
speech deleting the right amount of
speech in the right way with the right
effect that's the challenge and if you
look at
any area of whether it's the childhood
base material or hate speech we're very
bad having review mechanisms we were
great at saying this'll solve the
problem
if only we had Internet blocking we
could solve the problem if only we had
internet company liability we'd solve
this problem but we need more durable
evidence-based approaches there's not a
silver bullet it's complicated and yes
you can
as I was telling you before Homer
Simpson won an election with the slogan
why can't someone else do it it'll win
you an election but it won't will you
the battle against the content you're
fighting presume not a silver bullet but
a whole collection maybe of different
bullets the issue is complex we all
agree the fine line between freedom of
expression and online hatred attacking
the rights of people's own dignity
it requires Joe's right
another single straightforward response
but a comprehensive one if not to use
the fashionable word holistic so if you
allow me just to depict that as briefly
as I can I think it needs to consist of
six different elements and I'm ending
with the one which I think is the most
important one which is education but let
me end there so firstly it really needs
to be understanding so we need to
understand indeed the difference between
freedom of expression and when we cross
that border we need to understand why
people are expressing certain opinions
in a certain manner disree requires both
sociological and legal research my
organization the agency for Fundamental
Rights is doing that type of research
and others are doing as well secondly
monitoring is very important now we have
a quite promising practice now this
agreement between European Commission
and internet providers which is to spot
and take of illegal content it's maybe
not going as quickly as we can see it
but it's a promising practice we need to
monitor this and not only do Google and
Twitter etc need to do it but others who
moderate or who allow a platform for
online communication as well including
respected media such as the New York
Times so I assume you have moderators as
well who take off instantly illegal
content thirdly
reporting recording we need to have very
clear rules accessible information when
somebody can report where that he's a
victim of this type of abuse recording
we need to have governmental authorities
who are equipped to record those
complaints fourthly prosecuting we need
to train prosecutors because however
difficult it is to identify the
perpetrator of this online hatred when
the person is identified we simply need
to bring that person to justice but in
order to do this you need to have
equipped and trained public prosecutors
fifthly are nearly there supporting the
victims and that means having in place
systems where people can go to to get
adequate and comprehensive supports so
we need to have properly functioning
well equipped well resource Victim
Support organizations and finally for me
the most important one is education
really we need to teach our children
younger generation who are the main
users of social media including my 13
year old son who is on snapchat of
course right Jim that's you need to know
how media works media literacy critical
learning civic education let's please
start there politely trying to raise
your hand so go for the Nanna you're
next and I I'm surprised to find myself
disagreeing with the fundamental rights
agency but I will briefly I think the EU
code of conduct on hate speech is a
perfect example
of how to get everything perfectly wrong
and it's it's really worth having a look
at to discover how to how to do it badly
and it requires companies to review
complaints on the basis of their Terms
of Service or Community Guidelines and
where necessary the law and do this
quickly so and that works out quite well
for the companies because they're
checking on the basis of Terms of
Service first and anything that's
illegal is already in breach of their
Terms of Service so they can remove
something on the basis that it was a
Terms of Service violation and can
forget about the law and they never
hosted anything illegal they're
comfortable right because nothing was
categorized as illegal law enforcement
authorities don't need to be informed
they don't need to know anything about
it and so they go thank God we're not
getting reports of illegal content
because we'd have to investigate them
and we'd have to do a case and prosecute
so they're quite happy the person who
uploaded the potentially criminal
content is quite happy because well
they're safe and the victim might be
unhappy but that's another issue there's
no review mechanism in place there's no
assessment of whether it's serving any
purpose whether it's being
counterproductive and therefore no
corrective mechanism if it is being
counterproductive it ticks all of the
boxes perfectly how to do it wrong so
Anna you're sitting in a Europe that has
the worst
law and we're all according to Joe right
well you know this conversation reminds
me of the us's response following a
terrorist attack and the response is
everyone should be afraid this is a
disaster we need to get rid of your
rights as soon as possible right and
Americans by it hook line and sinker and
so someone tries to go through the
airport with a bomb in their shoe
now we all take our shoes off before we
go to the security lines at the airport
we get patted down you know we have our
genitals touched all over the place and
we willingly gave those rights away out
of fear and the argument that I would
make is yes education is incredibly
important because the number one problem
I'm seeing right now is a lack of media
literacy the lack of understanding of
different cultures the lack of
understanding what propaganda is and
what real news reporting is which is why
you will see speech because these are
individuals who have been influenced by
misinformation and propaganda so I would
definitely focus on that but I think the
issue of who are the arbiters of speech
because if in the United States we allow
the government to be the arbiter of hate
speech Trump would be throwing people in
prison for kneeling during NFL games and
that worries me that opens the
floodgates for real abuse by elected
officials who might not be good actors
now Renata I know that you don't hear
about the US Constitution but I'm sure
you have something to say yeah yeah I
wanted to say to Anna welcome to most of
the reality of the developing world I
the more that's one of the issues I mean
Europe can more or less rely on
governmental regulation because more or
less has okay democracies but in many
countries that's not the case and
disorderly over-regulation of this topic
also becomes a problem because when you
have oligarchy empowered when you have a
very volatile political context and and
you open the door to regulate the
platforms that are serving to to
criticize the government then then it is
the the balance is really complicated
and I wanted to just to close up two
issues decentralization in this topic is
key we delegated too much power to these
us-based companies that are not diverse
and I just concentrated on on mediating
this and here we are at the European
forum there's many of European startups
and European
investors here the Commission I
encouraged Europe to take the leadership
and to like I mean you have the ability
to to have the next platforms maybe with
a human rights values embedded on that
and proper mechanisms you will do a
service to the rest of the world
providing alternatives for us to have a
other other ways let's really centralize
these platforms say that's something
that the web founder there Tim
berners-lee who founded the web
foundation promotes actively and the
second thing that really scares me is
something that Tim berners-lee also said
like a surveillance is more dangerous
than censorship he said in the past
because you can not see it well now we
are heading in a route that you cannot
see censorship either because these
mechanisms that that the companies can
deploy to self regulating these dis
espect can be invisible and an
unaccountable to us so by moderating a
hate speech or some words some offensive
statements in a way that is just hidden
inside algorithm we can head in this bad
direction of not being able to to
understand how our our access to
information is police or is mediated and
that's also a dangerous route freezer
you wanted to touch on that yeah just
say I'm not entirely sure how its
functions in the United States but I do
know how it works in Europe in terms of
who is the arbiter you said the
government cannot be the arbiter and
absolutely that cannot be the place and
fortunately we have European Court of
Human Rights based in Strasbourg who has
developed over the last decades
extremely sophisticated jurisprudence I
think making relatively clear the
distinction between what is permitted
and what isn't and very shocking
disturbing speech has been permitted and
of course our democratic society should
be robust enough to allow for this so
they have
a lot of very offensive language but it
was part of a very sharply held
political debate but they have also
indicated cases where that furniture was
crossed where it was clear that it was
ultimately inciting to hatred violence
or discrimination the second point I
wanted to make is just to pick on also
on what Anna said this yeah there's this
needs for for starting on the basis you
know really it is time maybe that all of
us rediscover again what it means being
a citizen in a democratic society
sometimes in Europe the emphasis is far
to unilaterally focus on the newcomers
the refugees the Muslims the strange is
with the beards and we need to teach
them our values our European values and
I think we have forgotten ourselves what
the European values are we really need
to again rediscover what the rights and
responsibilities are which are very
clearly described in the Charter of
Fundamental Rights in the European
Convention on your rights and what I
find very interesting is a very
practical example of where the
government of Sweden has started a
project which is called an action plan
to preserve the democratic conversation
I think that says it all so we have
three minutes left and since we started
talking about the platform's and whether
they should do something to stop the
proliferation of hate speech a little
game platforms are not one giant entity
Twitter Google Facebook others if you
had to rank them who's who is doing
something and who's doing the least one
through three or four how would you do
it Anna
I mean that is an incredibly difficult
question to answer but I would say that
I would argue Twitter has been the worst
because you don't need to prove your
identity at all to have a Twitter
account and you can have multiple
Twitter accounts with various name
and you can use those accounts
simultaneously to spread propaganda
whereas with Facebook while the
situation is bad you have to at least
provide your identity in some form to
have an account it's a little more
challenging to have bought accounts that
spread propaganda and hate speech but I
agreed that there is a problem with all
of these platforms and as a result I'm
not really active on Twitter I have a
Twitter account but if you ever look at
it I tweet every once in a while and
it's because I'm a victim of hate speech
on a daily basis but I don't want to
violate the freedom of expression
because I have my feelings hurt I think
that's important to me so we just got
three more minutes which is good news so
Renata I said what a Malin you know in
Guatemala genocide happened and I the
centralized architecture of Facebook
that makes it like with a real identity
attached to each user and with a very I
mean very rigid structure that makes it
is the dream of a Nazi it is the dream
of a genocide er it is the perfect
environment where as something really
tragic can happen we unlike Twitter I
think that is the most dangerous
platform for this this and a way that
you can target specific communities the
most dangerous space and is the one
doing the least about it
anonymity actually I consider is right
and this this platform kills that right
so that that's the worst I would agree
with what we're not I said about
anonymity I think it's very important
there are numerous case studies of harm
that has been done to to people as a
result of Facebook's real name policy
I've had numerous fake fake facebook
accounts for testing purposes I don't
use it in real life so at least they
can't enforce it which is which is nice
so far I think just coming back briefly
to something that was said earlier um if
if we're going to have laws regulating
hate speech or any kind of speech they
need to be clear and precise they need
to be predictable in order to allow
people to regulate their speech what we
have at the moment in Europe is 28
different laws which are very different
which makes it difficult for the
platform's know what they're doing
because the law is different everywhere
and there's an underlying problem that
covers hate speech but also generally
content online which is that states are
are regulated by constitutions and by
international law and platforms aren't
so States find it easy to create all
sorts of pressure on internet companies
to regulate speech online which removes
the responsibility from the state the
companies can then act in an arbitrary
way and we're left in an environment
where the the article 19 of the ICCPR
that says that restrictions and
fundamental rights need to be provided
for by law is actively circumvented by
states that really should know better
and that includes the states in the
European Union so the phrase oh just
this is it's such a gigantic scale and
and I mean realistically is it feasible
for these platforms at the scale
required we're talking about much of the
world as users what is is there a
practical solution is it just too fast
it is very fast so I will not certainly
never provide him a carte blanche but I
understand the beauties they face with
understanding the impacts of the
thing which they you know one or two
individuals created ten years ago or
whatever so I think nobody has predicted
this enormous impact so everybody needs
to get his act together I'm still
disappointed by the lack of pace of
Facebook being responsive to the
concerns from organizations such as ones
of Joe's or our organization it I find
it amazing it's one single individual
max schrems
a student who had no funds had to fight
against a whole army of Facebook lawyers
to get his decent right to be forgotten
I think Twitter
I completely agree Lana I am on Twitter
but I don't like the what they actually
did the carte blanche they give for
people with very unclear profiles that's
really they really have to address that
Google like every one of us is I'm using
every single day I see a bit of progress
there but the pace needs to be really
stepped up in order for us to start
having some adequate results okay thank
you all very much thank you thank you
