all right we got some good music going
on here I thought we're gonna have a
dance segment first you want to give
them 30 seconds of them ready well we
are here to talk about the media
dun dun dun you know the big big topic
lots of people are talking about it and
I wanted to ask you two visionary
leaders in the media space one question
to start this and that is without
mentioning the United States president
what has been the biggest change in
media in the space and what you do over
the past year we start with you Joe yeah
well thanks for thanks for hosting
thanks for being here you know I've
worked every presidential election since
2004 and I took a leave of absence for
my group to do the Marco Rubio
presidential campaign not the president
and the biggest thing that struck me
from 2012 to 2016 in the United States
was the complete collapse of the news
cycle it used to be very predictable you
had the first 15 minutes of The Today
Show was the most important thing back
in 2004 you had certain journalists you
went to and you talked to and if you
pitched a story and got it planted it
would become go viral but now in 2016
when I was working the campaign
everything had collapsed he had a story
that would last 15 minutes his story
that would last 5 days it was utterly
unpredictable in the way of what was
happening and part of that was I think
we had a proliferation of new sources
new content platforms to push out
material to new voices of the debate
much more partisan than it used to be so
the biggest thing that I saw in 2016 was
there's no predictability to the news
media anymore yeah I think that there
are two huge issues that happen over the
last couple of years
one is that television is dissolving and
ESPN for example lost 12 million
subscribers in the last 12 months and
and it's only because they're the
largest of the cable operators and so
CNN MSNBC Fox News all of them are
losing subscriber year in year out
you've lost a television has lost 40% of
its audience under the age of 25 within
the last six years they've lost 30% of
their audience under the age of 35 in
the last six years
the second huge trend is the different
cultures that are now created and we've
never had a bigger cultural change in
American history and it's not based on
race or gender or any of the things that
we're used to space on aged television
is for older people and people who grew
up on television get their news in a
broad way and they don't dive into the
issues they're not as well educated
Millennials who get their news from the
internet are far better educated dive
into the specific policy issues and then
have a much better BS meter so
politicians are used to the television
age because they're all old so they go
on television and they do their standard
talking points and Millennials hate it
it's not authentic they know what the
reality is and the older generation that
keeps relying on Morning Joe is
dumbfounded they're like why can't we
trick them anymore
and I think that is an enormous divide
which is very important in the media and
politics but one thing where those
demographic groups seem to come together
is today the the difference between
politics and media doesn't seem to be an
important difference at all in lots of
places both of you operate in the media
and politics space and traditionally
people in media would tell you you
cannot be political or people in
politics would tell you to be aware of
going into strictly media spaces so what
do you think the impetus behind that
synthesis behind merging has been and do
you think we're seeing a trend what are
the trends in that space yeah well I
think
everything's won the media the news news
organizations have lost that public
utility role you know they're no longer
a public good of here's the basic
information you need today there are
more active voices now in the debate
they're building their own brands of
credibility and whatnot I think that's
where yeah there's about politics and we
have more partisan voices in the media
but I think it's still important to
remember the difference between the two
when it comes to places like the New
York Times The Washington Post is the
media still has one thing that a lot of
oysters don't have which is credibility
credibility to ask the next question
credibility to get a source to talk and
I think that credibility is really
important and I think we're seeing in
the United States a lot of papers kind
of go back to basics
you know with the Washington Post in New
York Times it's now instead of you know
being very active being that public
utility it's more about doing
traditional reporting and doing new
stuff new stories that have like 12 24
36 different sources talking about the
administration talking about what's
happening on Capitol Hill and I think
that's why we're actually seeing the
Washington Post The New York Times do
well so instead of you know I think they
are starting to differentiate themselves
from all of what's out there by going
back to basics almost New York Times
Washington Post the Atlantic - OH so I
think that there are three different
kinds of journalism now and
unfortunately I think for a long time in
America the the branch that is the worst
was dominating the worst branch of
journalism is neutral journalism so if
you applied it to sports it would be
preposterous
you know Manchester United played Real
Madrid to use a European example and in
objective journalism says one side 1 to
2 1 the other in neutral journalism you
would say Real Madrid says they won
Manchester United says they want I guess
we'll never know
and that is preposterous
and unfortunately for so long especially
on television they would say Democrats
say this Republicans say that I don't
know who's right well that's your job
you're supposed to figure out who's
right it was wrong objective journalism
which I think Joe was alluding to now is
aggressive and finds that gets their
sources and finds out what is true and
what is not true then the third branch
is prospective journalism and that's
what I do
so I think that our audience which is
much younger 70% of our audience is 18
to 34 years old because we're online and
and we speak to them demands that we
care and rewards shows that care so if I
were to say I'm neutral I don't really
care what happens in the news they
wouldn't watch me they watch us and they
picked us out of the thousands of shows
online because we do care we're
activists and we go out there and try to
make change in the world and there's
nothing wrong with that I think when it
comes to politics one of the hardest
things for reporters and publications to
realize is they no longer play that
traditional gatekeeper role from the
1970s 1980s it used to be if you wanted
to be a national leader if you wanted to
run for president you had to talk to the
leading reporters at the Washington Post
the New York Times and a day if you did
not click with them that was a problem
for your candidacy it's no longer true
like I think it's more important that
you go out and talk to as many different
news sources as possible to produce more
content than ever before because I think
with the collapse of the news cycle with
so many different voices out there it's
not about just talking to one person
it's a talk it's about talking to so
many people that you create more and
more data points that your narrative
breaks through so I think it's hard for
the for the traditional media the
neutral media to realize they no longer
play that vetting role that they used to
play from the 1980s well it seems like
the trends you all are talking about are
all in reaction to something and there's
something I think that's in the middle
of this all is I don't even want to say
fake news because that's such a cliche
term and it doesn't quite capture
everything but there
a concerted oftentimes just there's an
effort to create the perception that you
can't know the objective truth there are
people there are outlets that go and run
things that aren't even just not true
they question the idea of whether truth
can't exist and so are we how do we
combat that and how do we combat the
public perspective of the media as an
estate that no longer has an effect on
their lives well so it starts with being
honest with the audience and part of the
problem with the mainstream media is
that I don't believe that they are
honest about their perspective and they
lose credibility and then it allows in
my opinion the far-right wing to say
well none of it matters none of it is
true so what do I mean by that I think
that their perspective and their bias is
not a liberal bias or conservative bias
it's an establishment bias almost
everyone on television believes in their
heart of hearts that the status quo is
good and that we must maintain order we
must maintain the status quo
I think that about and Joe and I
probably will agree on this even though
we're on opposite ends of the political
spectrum I would guess that a hundred
and forty eight out of a hundred and
fifty television anchors on TV voted for
Hillary Clinton and to them
Trump was an anathema but was so was
Bernie Sanders they don't want change
and a lot of them on television are
millionaires and they work for
multibillion-dollar corporations so it
is not surprising that they are in favor
of the status quo so when they don't
recognize that and they pretend to be
objective while pooh-poohing any kind of
change on the left or right it they lose
credibility when I open for Bernie
Sanders in a lot of the rallies in
California and the biggest applause line
I would get was when I went after the
mainstream media because the left
doesn't believe them and the right
doesn't believe them so then that opens
up unfortunately a space where people
can come in and go since the people on
TV are lying to you let me tell you this
and even if it's outrageous
completely false it gets people to start
thinking maybe that's true and so I
think that's a huge part of the problem
different spin on it the same point but
I think if you look at the job of
reporter today a reporter has to produce
more content than ever before
they have to tweet they have to write on
for the online publication they have to
write for the print edition the next day
they have to go on TV they have to go on
online shows they have to do a podcast
so they have to say more more things
than ever before and in time said by
having many journalists that we have the
real danger in this fragmented news
environment that we're dealing with is
when all those sources of content agree
on something and they create a bubble as
to what is true three weeks out from the
election after the Washington Post
popped the audio tape on Donald Trump I
said his name Donald Trump yo everyone
I'm off the stage I'm fired
no everyone agreed that Hillary Clinton
was going to win they all said it to
each other and what they lost
perspective of is what was happening out
there in states like Michigan and
Wisconsin if I had told a reporter two
weeks out when was the last time Hillary
Clinton was in Wisconsin was in Michigan
as a point in favor why she might not
win I would have been yelled at I would
have been screamed at and told that's
not fundamentally true but that was true
so I think there probably danger whether
you're a company and trade association a
political candidate in its fragmented
environment when everyone agrees it
could be actually fundamentally
dangerous you talk about this bubble in
this fragmented environment and we are
at a tech conference so I think it's
important that we talk about social
media the role of these places that now
consider themselves not only social
media but media content creators and
they haven't gotten a really great name
over the past couple weeks with their
moves respective to media so what's the
role now of Facebook of Twitter of these
social media platforms that are becoming
content creators themselves in shaping
the media landscape
and how can regular people push for them
to make reforms to shape their platforms
in a way that serves in so it's a very
tough issue because you've got freedom
of speech in America and so some parts
of it are a little bit easier than
others so the Russians were buying ads
on a lot of the social media and their
that's against the law in America you
can't have foreign countries buying ads
to affect our elections so that should
be more straightforward they've got to
make sure that that never happens and it
doesn't matter if it's Russia China
Saudi Arabia it doesn't matter no
country foreign country should be
allowed to buy ads that effect our
elections it's illegal once you get
beyond that it gets very difficult
because look there's a great splintering
that's happening now and so I love that
television no longer has a monopoly on
the news
and I think that's a great thing and it
allows for all these different voices to
come forward and I think in there they
will eventually coalesce to and and then
when you get to the coalescing what
you're gonna need more than anything
else is credibility and the trust of
your audience because you you can do
fake news for election cycle you might
be able to do it for a week you might be
able to do it for a month but if you
keep lying it's not going to work and so
credible actors on the Left right and
even in the middle are gonna win the day
as as media goes forward on social media
but we can't put the genie back in a
bottle and I and I sense this great rage
from people on television like oh if we
could only control social media and and
right now they will push a lot of their
congressmen which they have a symbiotic
relationship TV does with politicians
because a lot of the politicians take
their money that they get from their
donors and put it into TV ads so TV
wants the status quo politicians want
the status quo and they are probably
going to unite and fight against social
media because social media is destroying
the status quo so I would I would
caution all of you if you're in
techworld don't buy into the height it's
important to fight fight against actual
fake news and foreign interference but
at the same time don't let them kill the
thing that is bringing us
democratization of media which is social
media platforms I would make two points
one we work with a couple of these
different companies the third party
platforms on content and I think it
what's happening is we're seeing a mind
shift on behalf of Facebook Twitter and
so forth that usually from their
perspective what was happening in
Washington DC what was happening in
London what was happening in Lisbon was
totally separate from them they were
just the platform for content now it is
completely on their radar what is
happening in the national debate what is
happening in the International Affairs
what is happening from a DC perspective
and putting that on their radar so that
their minds mindset changes so that they
can more actively judge their content on
their platforms I don't think we saw
that five years ago and I think you're
finally awakening to that fact the
second thing and we work with a host of
political clients you know I think what
we're gonna see in 2020 2024 is more
politicians use these platforms to
almost run news like programs to almost
talk directly to their supporters and
bypass the media use Facebook live to do
I think what the Trump guys they're at
the very end of doing a live TV online
program like I mean we all joked about
it but I'm sure they have data or
whatnot back up that that might have
been a valuable thing for the
to do to put more emphasis on using
Twitter more emphasis on using Facebook
as a way of directly communicating their
supporters but also bypassing the media
bypassing the filter I think there's a
lot of pros and a lot of content but I
think it's something we're gonna see in
twenty twenty twenty twenty four and
just one more thing on that there's a
sea change coming and I don't think they
quite see it yet so you also not only
can you your own Facebook or YouTube
live but you can go on like-minded shows
so Bernie Sanders when he came on our
program in the middle of the primary run
got six million views so that is way
more than he ever got on CNN or MSNBC
and I think that once people realize
that and hey this is my these are my
voters I mean right before elections if
if Democrats aren't going all over
progressive online outlets and and
Republicans doing likewise they're nuts
alright so we have just a very short
time left and I want to ask you both in
like ten seconds to get your crystal
ball out and tell me what's one thing
you think is gonna affect the media and
political landscape the most in the next
ten years Jake Oh online media
television has become really gonna
become less and less relevant and the
more you speak to your actual base and
your audience or your voters the more
likely you will be to win Joe it's not
just online media it's all the partisan
sources on your side ideological sources
on your side just checking the box on
every one of them to make sure you
create that echo chamber around your
candidacy all right well uh well thank
you so much for your insights and thank
you all for coming give me gentlemen a
round of applause
