this TYT clip is brought to you by
Squarespace start your own free trial
today and build your own website you can
do it at squarespace.com slash tyt and
you get 10% off your first trial a new
report indicates that the FCC plans on
voting to dismantle net neutrality very
soon and even though there's a lot going
on in the news right now it's incredibly
important for everyone to pay close
attention to this and to fight to
prevent this from happening we need to
preserve net neutrality now the head of
the Federal Communications Commission a
jet pi is set to unveil plans next week
for a final vote to reverse a landmark
2015 net neutrality order which barred
the blocking or slowing of web content
now for those of you who are unaware of
what net neutrality is maybe you haven't
been following along with the story just
a quick summary net neutrality is
essentially regulation that ensures that
Internet service providers cannot slow
down the speeds of certain websites now
when you consider the fact that some of
these major Internet service providers
have merged with a bunch of other
companies and they own media companies
well it becomes problematic because they
are allowed to slow down the websites of
their competitors if we dismantle net
neutrality so a free and open Internet
will no longer exist and we need to
fight to preserve what we currently have
in May the FCC voted 2 to 1 to advance
Republican FCC Chairman edgewise plan to
withdraw the former Obama
administration's order reclassifying
Internet service providers as if they
were utilities pi now plans to hold a
final vote on the proposal at the FCC's
December 14th meeting so less than a
month from now that guy will dismantle
you know the regulations that allow for
a free and open Internet he looks like a
good guy in that picture but that's a
very good eye specifically show everyone
that picture because he's a gigantic
douchebag and like that is the the mug
that he uses to try to like you know
make himself seem like a fun-loving know
your dick ok and what he's trying to do
right now by the way Verizon
which is one of these major internet
service providers is the company that he
used to work out as a lawyer right so we
talked about the revolving door of
politics this is kind of an example of
that yeah you know that was a perfect
example of that
he's trying to help out his buddies at
his former job and who knows what other
you know perks he's gonna get from a
company like Verizon or another Internet
service provider when he's no longer the
FCC Chairman I mean when you look at it
it's just a matter of making them making
more money right right they can charge
more for these faster internet speeds
yes
so people who can't pay more get the
slow yeah so nonprofits are small mom
pops I mean we say well you know how
many modern pop places are there well
there are lots yeah I mean the the net
is filled with them and net neutrality
which is just that a neutral net
everything there's nobody's biased in
anybody's favor or against anyone
so all everything comes in at the same
speed that neutral net is going to go
away and and it's right to point to the
associations of a G PI but the last guy
also had associations wheeler was also
have mobbed up with Comcast so these
guys the fact that they're mobbed up
oftentimes that's just what we end up
with we ended up with Goldman Sachs guys
running Treasury and all of that sort of
thing but but but in this case a ship I
was from the outset he stated it we're
gonna change this net neutrality is
going away that was one of the
cornerstones of his new commission and I
think he's really gonna follow through
on it I'm this kid this is going to be
revolutionary and it will at as Lauren
says if you can't pay you ain't getting
in two people won't be able to download
you as quickly as they will those sites
that can pay and let me guess their
argument is capitalism exactly free
market yes it's but it's the exact oh
this is crony capitalism right I mean
capitalism is supposed to support
competition and in this case you're
doing away with the one regulation that
preserves competition so independent
media gone you know unless you're gonna
you know partner up with a major company
that can pay the price for faster
internet speeds gone right and and that
is a very scary society to live in and
just to give you even further
context it's very clear what their
intentions are because if you look at
other cases that the FCC is voting on
they're totally fine with certain types
of mergers for instance certain types of
media acquisitions that would lead to
more propaganda in my opinion less
diversity of opinion in media let me
give you an example so on Thursday the
FCC that's actually today so today the
FCC will vote on PI's proposal to
eliminate the 42 year old ban on cross
ownership of a newspaper and TV station
in a major market the proposal would
make it easier for media companies to
buy additional TV stations in the same
market pi is also expected to call for
an initial vote in December to rescind
rules that say one company may not own
stations serving more than 39 percent of
US television households and that's
according to two people who have been
briefed on this matter and that's get
goes exactly to what you're talking
about ana which is a plurality of
information so by preventing a company
from owning a television station and a
newspaper you're forcing in a sense
different information to come out right
so now I own the television station I
don't know in the newspapers then this
teller can say whatever they want if I
own both then I'll make sure they say
everything that I want on both those
outlets and that's what's happening in
market after market and so now even the
meager restrictions and they're pretty
pretty lame refused to begin with of
restricting ownership nationwide they're
going away so you can end up with
Sinclair broadcasting on all of these
different companies that have an agenda
owning tremendous amounts of broadcast
and and that's where so much information
comes to so many voters so think of it
this way Fox News Channel extends its
reach because there's they're huge
generally right-leaning some of them are
extreme right in the case of Sinclair
companies that will now own all of these
methods of disseminating disseminating
information right and by the way to be
absolutely clear if we're talking about
liberals having the advantage I don't
care I don't care I don't want people to
be exposed to one side like we're clear
about what our perspective is on this
show and on this
work but I don't want us to be your only
source of information I wouldn't want to
dominate the market to the point where
we have a monopoly right and so we're
now unfortunately asleep at the wheel
while this is going on and we need to
protect a free and open Internet all
voices should be heard equally I don't
care if you're a conservative or liberal
I don't care what your thoughts are our
feelings are it's just important to be
able to have a voice and not let major
corporations decide whether or not that
voice should be heard so what do we do
we like troll pie or it is a cost I
think it's a call Washington type
situation absolutely and and and more
importantly look I this this particular
issue has received 22 million comments
right because issues like this are open
for public comment and you know an
organization like the FCC is supposed to
take those comments into consideration
but look if you have to take to the
streets and do civil disobedience
whatever it is however you feel like you
need to mobilize people and make your
voices heard please do it because this
this can't stand December 14th is again
less than a month from now yeah and I'm
worried that we're all we're all gonna
be so I don't want to say distracted cuz
there's a lot of important things going
on right now there's like a big news
story every hour but I I'm worried that
we're gonna be preoccupied with all
these other things and then this is
gonna slip through the crap thank you
because I think that's the key point
there's so much stuff going on and it's
a smokescreen for this getting by and
it's just in this net neutrality is slip
things in during the holidays you
usually want to pay extra careful
attention crazy yeah by the way I just
on the what what should be done there's
a there's a list of things that can be
done go on there right now neutral net
and see all the places you can really
join the activism around this issue it's
it's big net neutrality is could change
the face of the internet forever in this
country help us build the independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
