this TYT clip is brought to you by
Squarespace start your own free trial
today and build your own website you can
do it at squarespace.com slash tyt and
you get 10% off your first trial
currently researchers are trying to
figure out a way to diagnose individuals
with CTE while they are still alive
now CTE is a chronic traumatic
encephalopathy which is the condition
that a lot of NFL players have been
diagnosed with after they died and in a
lot of cases they committed suicide or
became increasingly violent prior to
passing and so through autopsies it was
discovered that these individuals had
the condition but there was never a way
to diagnose them while they were still
alive while researchers have had a
breakthrough and more research needs to
be done but this new study indicates
that researchers may be one step closer
to being able to diagnose the disease
while a patient is still alive by
detecting deposits of a certain type of
protein top protein now scans performed
on 14 retired NFL players while they
were still alive indicated the presence
of this protein it's a type that clumps
up over neural cells that have been
damaged the protein slowly spreads
throughout the brain killing brain cells
according to the concussion legacy
foundation so when one of these former
players died doctors were able to
determine whether the distinctive CTE
pattern that resulted in his scan
actually indicated the presence of the
disease so clearly more research needs
to be done to kind of corroborate these
findings but it's so important to
diagnose people or find a way to
diagnose people while they're alive so
you can then move on to solutions
treatments or possible cure because up
until now it was only after a
post-mortem exam that could confirm
whether they had it but when you listen
to some of the symptoms that these men
are suffering from yeah at a relatively
young age you know in their 50s you you
think my god there has to be something
that we can do to prevent this type of
it's horrible and anyway stick to tell
you a little more
the NFL player who was the you know the
subject of this finding he he played he
was very young he was in his 60s when he
died but he played football for 22 years
between the ages of 11 and 33 at that
point he stopped playing football he
retired but the condition didn't really
start to affect him until later in life
so the man was 59 I apologize 59 when
his brain was scanned according to the
study two years later at the age of 61
the man's wife noticed that he had been
experiencing progressive motor deficits
such as the inability to button his
shirts as if his pants or tie his shoes
it's just such a devastating horribly
debilitating that you know these NFL
players now are aware of it and they're
it's a it's a real it's an awful choice
to have to mention right because they
know that they say that there's a little
trauma on every play even you know it
doesn't it's not just those horrible
collisions so this is just in relation
to the NFL because as Anna says it
happens a lot of NFL players apparently
there's more more research that soccer
players also show signs of it I guess
that's because of the the head-butting
and the use of the head and the sport in
any case they're faced with the question
um here's the sport I love here's the
sport that I excel at here's this thing
that I love doing and I excel at it and
yet and I'm gonna make all this money
doing it couldn't enabled an entire life
for myself in my family and yet it may
rob me of you know of half of my life
for the last 30 years of my life or even
more yeah a lot of parents now question
whether or not to let their children
play because you know professional
football players usually start at very
young ages and some parents are saying
absolutely not I'm not gonna let my kids
play football to to try and spare them
from these types of brain injuries
because we don't know enough and and I
think what's important is that the
information is now out there because
remember when this story broke the NFL
was trying to withhold the data withhold
the information and then people aren't
able to make an informed decision and so
making an informed decision is the first
part of this and I really do believe the
second part is you know
coming up with a proper way of
diagnosing people and treatment and a
cure but this is good news it's hopeful
hopefully they can corroborate it and we
will see some progress help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
