this TYT clip is brought to you by
Squarespace start your own free trial
today and build your own website you can
do it at squarespace.com slash tyt and
you get 10% off your first trial
London's Old Vic Theatre did an
investigation into Kevin Spacey and
whether or not individuals working at
the theater ever had any type of
inappropriate contact with Spacey while
he was working there he used to be the
former artistic director there and
through the investigation they were able
to find that there were as many as 20
people who testified that they were
harassed or assaulted in some way we
don't know the details of what they went
through but we do know the number of
people who said that they had
uncomfortable situations with him so in
the report that was released today
Thursday it said that it found
allegations of a range of inappropriate
behavior relating to Kevin Spacey during
his tenure with 20 personal testimonies
being part of the probe also its
trustees apparently knew nothing about
these allegations until this
investigation was conducted but none of
the allegations were made by people who
had been minors at the time and that's a
relevant component of it because the
first allegation that came out against
Kevin Spacey
was by someone who said he was a minor
when Spacey tried to force himself on
him so it's you know again the
floodgates are open and more and more
allegations are gonna come forward not
just about Spacey or the people that
we've already heard about but you know
there are gonna be new allegations about
new people in in various professions and
you know don't be surprised because I
think this type of behavior doesn't
discriminate against political ideology
or or any of that so it's it's
devastating to know how prevalent this
is but I think it's finally a time that
we can focus on solutions and change
it's devastating cuz so many of these
men are heroes Pacey is one of those
brilliant actors of his generation so
when you hear these stories you you
believe them you know allegations today
against Senator Al Franken
he's a beloved senator of Minnesota but
these are serious allegations against
these men and you're right this is
probably just a couple yeah and and this
kind of points to sort of a systemic
thing going on at the Old Vic and the
Old Vic was so you know they're Spacey
and as Lauren says this actor who was so
respected going to the Old Vic in London
it was gonna bring it's gonna put asses
in the seats frankly you know what we're
really going to reinvigorate the Old Vic
or take it to another level and then it
was to vigour a ting that it was just it
was apparently there was a lot of big
reading going on behind the scenes and
he again is a person of power who was
abusing that power and his position and
by now it's clear so many people have
come forward that you have to say that
there is some veracity to all of this
stuff and he's a and now they is the
point the Old Vic I'm talking about that
board of directors who were on the
record there they took this thing that
was gonna be just all good and now it's
a hornet's nest right they have to go
back and do this investigation and it
turns out they're all these allegations
so it's a mess but yes it falls in the
category of another powerful guy taking
advantage of his position I'm so happy
that they did the investigation right
because they realize oh wait this guy
was our artistic director for a while
and there could have been people who
were victimized you know in our group
like we need to make sure that yeah that
didn't happen and if that did happen we
need to do something internally to make
the environment safer for you know the
people who work with us and so they are
taking action and they outline some of
those actions in their report they will
appoint guardians from across the board
and a wider organisation to champion
best practices and be a first point of
contact for those who don't want to
reach out through formal channels so
there's usually like an issue with oh
just go to HR and report it to HR and
then oftentimes the HR department will
go ahead and protect the perpetrator and
so they're trying to find a way around
that they also want to spend time with
those who work here to create an okay
not okay set of cultural expectations
for all to understand
so having a dialogue about it and and
making sure that people are abundantly
clear about what is and is not okay
you know this isn't a right or left
issue but it's also not just an American
issue
I mean Great Britain is also struggling
with accusations against sexual
misconduct in Parliament they had a
member of the Welsh Parliament who had
accusations against him but they were
never made public not only to the public
but to him as well and he suffered
because of that and ended up killing
himself so these are really serious
times were in and I you know as a
journalist it's hard for me to say oh
you you know go with an allegation
before we have any evidence or before
anyone's been proven guilty but in these
cases because there was no one to report
it to because there was nowhere to go
unfortunately that's all we have or
allegations and when you have in mass 80
women coming forward I mean you use your
deductive reasoning it's probably true
right but and by the way 80 women who
have nothing to gain fine an agenda and
they're looking to like get a payday
yeah but no they have nothing to gain
honestly other than you know hopefully
sparking some real change in society
that used to be the default position
right she's doing it for the money
they're doing it for the money you heard
Laurens case she wasn't there's no money
in it she was you this this horrible
thing happened and she finally spoke up
and was able to be part of the tide that
that carried away weinstein but but
there's another thing going on here and
you touched on and that is that the
institution the tendency is for them to
protect themselves right so they said
we'll do an internal investigation you
saw it in the case of the Catholic
Church with everything going on there
we're gonna handle it internally and
then ended up that things weren't so
well handled internally you saw it with
Penn State with Jerry Sandusky
the the university protected itself and
so these institutions they want to
protect the institution first and
sometimes I can get in the way of the
infer of the actual investigation we've
seen with the US military I can go on
and on and on who was the golden girl
over at Fox News Channel they protected
him instead of the people that came
forward yeah yeah because they want to
they want to protect that Fox News
Channel brand first yeah and look we're
seeing it politically right and we're
seeing
with state lawmakers I want to be
specific state lawmakers in Alabama who
would rather protect Roy Moore to
protect their their party then actually
speak out against him and do the right
thing and on a national level were with
the president the United States yeah 17
or 17 ish allegations of him really I
mean inappropriately sexually involving
himself with women grabbing kissing all
the rest and him talking about on tape
and yet as you say but they had their
eye on the prize the party had their eye
on the prize and they all fell in line
they said nothing or they and they
allowed him to call the women liars yes
how it's been left and also degrade them
by just like saying disparaging things
about their looks like after all that
went down it's just it's depressing but
in this case at the Old Vic did it does
seem as though it's on the right track
right and I commend them for that if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
