this TYT clip is brought to you by
Squarespace start your own free trial
today and build your own website you can
do it at squarespace.com slash tyt and
you get 10% off your first trial there's
a lot of controversy surrounding an app
that recently came out it's known as the
make app ma ke a pee pee and the whole
point of this is to see what individuals
look like without makeup
oh okay so the app also has filters that
are like put makeup on the subject as
well that's but that parts not getting
news because there have been a number of
apps that do that the part that is
making news is the fact that it
supposedly shows what women look like
without makeup so there have been a
number of female writers who have
expressed their feelings on it and
they're you know upset and outraged and
they think that it's sexist and I I'm
more want to address them than you know
the people that are trolling with these
apps because yeah like don't don't give
them what they want they wanted so badly
right and like I know I know it's really
annoying to say don't feed the trolls I
get that sometimes too and I'm just like
like I'll feed them if I want but like
think about what it says about a person
who like gets excited by this like let
them get excited who cares right
so yeah yes no I I agree look we've
gotten so filtered I mean you go on
Instagram accounts I don't even
recognize the people I recognize myself
like I put so much filters on I'm like
oh is that me and I have to say like
guys they do they get angry you know
they're like we I don't have no idea
what she looks like because they women
put so much photoshopping into into
posting photos so I get why they need
this app or want it right um you know
women are saying it's sexist how would
we feel if like when we met a guy in
person he like took off his muscles and
like hung them up in the closet you know
I mean they're yeah some choice
advertising that women do online so I
can understand why guys are like let's
cut to the chase and see what she looks
like
fans makeup so I just I want to I want
to just I agree with you in part but
there's one thing that I disagree with
uh yeah men don't
make up that's true but I remember when
I was a single and on tinder and I
remember seeing pictures of dudes
thinking like mmhmm yeah I'll go out on
a date with you and then you meet up
with that right you're like okay so that
wasn't you
yeah and that's a little misleading so I
get it like people are concerned about
that but there's also like the the
trolls who just want to troll you I look
control II like who cares right like I
just think giving them a full-on article
about how outraged you are is is feeding
into this nonsense so and advertising
and advertising the appia so by the way
it was created by a guy named osh oat
gabion off so he thought it was ass hats
yeah so so I think he's our mean Ian but
living in Russia I don't know and then
he was labeled as a Russian propagandist
I don't know anything about him
but um I just thought it was really
funny and so I didn't know about this
app until yesterday during the show
because I started getting screenshots
like people were sending me screenshots
of how they're using me yeah yeah and I
was laughing about it because I thought
it was funny so I'm gonna skip ahead to
graphic 45 okay so this is what they
sent me and that's yeah not real so okay
so I thought it was really funny and
okay so here's the thing that I love
about it the most I didn't respond or
react to it because as you can tell I
don't care and then so that's not you on
so since there wasn't a reaction from me
which again to my point they so
desperately want they photoshopped a
reaction they just made up a reaction I
never tweeted about it I don't care to
tweet who's the liars now so wait that
it doesn't just take makeup off it like
ads nobody knows to you it does it does
say really photoshopped all over that so
they made an Alec they made an annoying
no
but the thing is like I don't I don't
care right like I my looks or what
people think about my looks I I care
about what my husband thinks I care
about what I think that's all that
matters
but I was like okay well people think
that I tweeted that so I had to like
make it clear that it was a fake tweet
and I did so on Instagram and I included
a picture of myself without makeup
so yeah look how adorable she is that
makeup but I just love this you know
like I follow Anna on Instagram of
course and I saw that this morning and I
thought well why I don't really quite
understand this it was something about
makeup and better than I don't know I
thought it was a cute picture so I liked
it you know and then then I learned that
this is all relative to these people who
had kind of concocted a way of trolling
you yeah pretending that you'd react to
do it this app yeah but again like then
making a fake tweet just again the only
reason why I bring that up is because
ladies they want you to react like
that's what think about how sad that is
I mean that's so sad like and by the way
obviously this app makes some guys feel
better about themselves right like oh
this woman won't call me whatever she's
actually really ugly without makeup and
if it makes them feel good about
themselves
awesome awesome like who cares
but don't just don't react to them it's
just ridiculous anyway it just were also
reminded me of the red woman from Game
of Thrones
where she looks like that yeah but then
she takes her makeup off and she looks
like this watch the Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
