a sheriff in Texas is grabbing headlines
after he made it very clear on social
media that he wanted to go after an
individual who had a very large bumper
sticker graphic sticker on their car
that antagonized Trump supporters
now this is in Fort Bend Texas as you
can imagine the majority of people in
that area did vote in favor any country
and this picture of a pickup truck was
posted by sheriff Troy
Nell's and it said the following let's
take a look at the photo all right
I can expletive Trump and expletive you
for voting for him okay so someone in
Texas felt courageous enough to put that
on their car and sheriff Troy Nels was
not amused so he posts on social media
the following if you know who owns this
truck or if it's yours I would like to
discuss it with you our prosecutor has
informed us she would accept disorderly
conduct charges regarding it but I feel
we could come to an agreement regarding
a modification to it
now that post was I'm sure met with
supporters but also met with individuals
who are concerned about First Amendment
rights and so the post
according to reports was removed
Thursday as a First Amendment
controversy swirled around Nels now he
back pedaled a little bit and he said no
no I was a zal than a prosecute the guy
as well was what I'm saying the
objective of the post was to find the
owner / driver of the truck and have a
conversation with them in order to
prevent a potential altercation between
the truck driver and those offended by
the message wow that's real service a
peacekeeping mission yeah yeah right
since the owner of the truck has been
identified the sheriff took down the
post due to the hate messages he he's
referring to the sheriff hate messages
he has been receiving toward his wife
and children the sheriff will not be
commenting on the matter further now the
person who actually spoke to the press
and identified themselves was a woman
not a man and look
I don't want her to face any harassment
so I'm just gonna leave her name out of
it
but she's like no I'm not going to take
it down right there's by the way there
are case studies regarding similar
issues it is a violation of the First
Amendment to go after someone for that
kind of bumper sticker
the ACLU cited a 1971 Supreme Court
decision Cohen V California in which the
High Court overturned demands
disturbing the peace conviction after he
had gone to a courthouse in Los Angeles
wearing a jacket that said eff the draft
yeah you noted Nels credit here though
it sounds like he was admonished
reasonably and he he back pedaled and
did what was right I mean he there was a
stupid post and but just as stupid is
going after the man's wife and children
I absolutely agree disagree with him
don't go after his wife and children you
know tell him you disagree with him tell
him in whatever terms you want but don't
threaten his wife and children and put
hate toward them and he did you know I
I'd probably don't agree with Sheriff
Nels on much but he did it sounds like
do the right thing yeah exactly and the
legal thing too the legal thing exactly
now I also want to note that maybe he
did the right thing because he realized
it's the right thing to do he's also
exploring a primary challenge to
Republican congressman Pete Olson in the
22nd district and so maybe he's like
this is not although although if you
want to win sheriff just keep pounding
that that bumper sticker you know
that'll probably help you against
beetles yeah so anyway Big Ups to the
woman who felt confident enough to a put
that bumper sticker on her car and be
keep it up following the storms you
should talk to the woman who flipped the
presidential motorcade off the one who
lost her job yeah mustered the two of
them should have like I don't know like
a meet-and-greet TYT membership gets
your commercial-free Young Turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
