several prisons in jails throughout the
country have switched to a computer
system that is beyond faulty so faulty
that after people deal with their arrest
warrants after people are adjudicated
and their situation is supposed to go
away the computer system doesn't
register it and then they get badgered
and harassed by police officers and so
the latest case has to do with Tennessee
in fact the Shelby County Correctional
Center in Tennessee is facing a
class-action lawsuit but this is not the
only Correctional Center facing a
class-action lawsuit there are places in
California and various other states that
use the exact same system and ran into a
number of problems people ended up
spending weeks behind bars when they
weren't supposed to
sometimes for minor infractions in most
cases after they haven't even been found
guilty or convicted of anything I'll
give you one example this is out of
Tennessee plaintiff Lakeisha McCoy
claims the faulty computer system caused
a warrant for her arrest
to be acted on multiple times after she
paid her bond for an alleged parole
violation and was released from police
custody
however the computer system allegedly
never registered her release a few days
later police were back banging on her
window according to the suit and tried
to reach her several times so there
again have been complaints about this
for quite some time now the computer
system that they're using is known as
The Odyssey case management system and
the officials at this particular
Correctional Facility were warned that
it was deeply flawed and they would run
into problems but they decided to
utilize it anyway and I guess the big
selling point is that this computer
system is supposed to improve
communications with other correctional
facilities and other states but so far
we've only seen the downsides yeah yeah
I think that that example that you
shared points to one of the many
downsides which is just increased police
encounters like that escalation can be
deadly in certain communities right so I
don't want to be an alarmist about that
but it's a very grave reality I think
also in
the lawsuits citizens are on the hook
for this right ultimately something that
could have been remedied right because
there were warnings that we end up
paying for it right let all of these
police mistakes the citizens end up
having to pay for it yeah it is
problematic and you also pay for you
know the resources that it takes to keep
someone behind bars hey by the way I
what I read you as an example was bad
but there are cases that are even worse
the computer system registered
completely innocent people as sex
offenders in some cases yeah and then
also keep in mind like if you're in jail
when you are not supposed to be in jail
for for a week two weeks you're away
from your job you are away from your
family you could lose your job in most
cases you will lose your job if that
happens and so it's just devastating for
the lives of all these like innocent
people who dealt with consequences that
they didn't deserve and if the
correctional facility was warned ahead
of time and there were stories dating
back to two years ago that this was
gonna happen
then why were they so like nonchalant
about that right you're you're toying
with people's lives we should have as
much you know thought and and people
should be as careful as possible before
switching over to a new system
especially when it deals with you know
the criminal justice system well because
in America if you are imprisoned or you
are convicted or you're arrested you
automatically lose some sense of your
citizenship you're a second either a
second-class citizen or you descend even
further down right like if you have a
family you can't vote anymore so there's
a stigma attached to being a part of the
criminal justice system as somebody who
has been convicted or criminalized as
something right so their lives are
disposable right so they wouldn't they
they probably didn't even act as quick
as they could've in those circumstances
where somebody is being held for
supposed to be held for two days and
then held for two weeks and I'm sure he
protested against it and I'm sure they
ignored his I'm sure they ignored his
claims and the woman who had already
paid bond was repeatedly told to pay for
a bond she had paid that long time prior
but again there
viewed is not trustworthy because
they've had this encounter with the
criminal justice system and again I
should just also divulge because I am
actually a prison abolitionist so I know
that takes me to a far left side but in
these sort of circumstances holding
people longer making them pay this
doesn't solve those issues at hand it
doesn't solve the issue of preventing
somebody from coming back into the
system and keeping them longer I mean
this is this is why I like Odyssey case
management system ends up becoming the
logic because they have such a huge
tentacle that some sort of system is
needed like you said to have some sort
of coordination because it's just so
massive it is it is and we do imprison
more people than any other country in
the world and our recidivism rate is
incredibly high we have repeat offenders
and it's because a lot of times
nonviolent people get locked away and
they you know they learn criminal habits
while they're behind bars because you
unfortunately in some cases need those
habits to survive right you know I think
the most the in my opinion the best
example of how society looks at
prisoners as throwaways is how Congress
even now refuses to address the issue of
prison rape right they just refuse to
address it they don't care right and I
don't know if it's a strong and unfair
thing to say that Americans don't care
but prison rape is common everyone knows
that it happens and nothing's ever done
about it
because they're looked upon as
untrustworthy as the throwaway SOSUS and
if you do anything to your jumpsuit you
can be convicted of vandalism to public
property yeah definitely as one yeah we
benefit from mass incarceration so we
aren't going to do anything to remedy
those issues Young Turks now has over
six billion lifetime views you know who
did that you did that we're now larger
than CNN ABC you name a news network
online
larger than them and you built all that
as everyone scoffed and didn't believe
and here we are guys thanks to you build
into meta media together with us at TYT
Network comm /join
