Donald Trump just finished his tour of
Asia and there were a lot of ceremonies
a lot of traditional things happened
there were a couple of leaders in Asia
that were concerned that not enough
policy was hashed out not enough in
terms of foreign relations was hashed
out however there was one thing that
Trump really dwelled on during his trip
and that was whether or not some of
these countries would buy us weapons so
bloomberg reported on this and I thought
it was fascinating because as we all
know Trump is planning on running for
re-election and he wants credit for
achieving things but legislatively
speaking he hasn't really accomplished
anything at all and so he tries to find
these other ways of doing things that he
can get credit for and he believes that
selling weapons to countries like
Vietnam will somehow boost his approval
ratings and get Americans to vote for
him so according to sources who spoke to
Bloomberg sources who are familiar with
these conversations that Trump had with
the leader of Vietnam he said that he
needed quick wins he told his team in
the room because he'd be running for
re-election before anyone realized and
weapons sales in Trump's view are good
for his approval ratings Trump also
rarely set down in a country without
pointing out that buying a few f-18s
would go a long way toward winning his
heart he told the story repeatedly of
how a u.s. sold missile defense system
had knocked down a rocket targeting an
airport in Saudi Arabia so he was trying
to you know make these sales but I don't
know if the sources misspoke or if Trump
is really that dumb to think that like
American citizens care about these
weapons sales no private contractors do
private contractors want it and so if
he's looking to get their support he'll
have that by the way Vietnam is not
buying more of our weapons or you know
defense capabilities or anything like
that but it's just it's it's interesting
how his mind works or doesn't work yeah
I mean
this is this is so interesting that he
thinks like the big value that he can
offer as a businessman is to transition
into a global salesman for military and
private contracting firms that are tied
to the US government in some sort of way
through like Goldman Sachs and Boeing
and that this will be appealing to
voters to some degree I do think it is
ludicrous but to another degree I do
think he does calculate well in
understanding how his base formed
Scripps and this is a script about
securitization and the USS role in
leading securitisation and what is
always a big win for him is saying that
he's gonna put more money into the
military as it's like yeah as if it's
proven that we have no resources in our
military even though like we Trump the
next ten countries below us in terms of
military force and expenditures so this
still wins big with his base now the
question should be and the intervention
that should be made is why why his base
or why people are not seeing that that
he's just representing big corporations
in place of the little guy yeah so I
think this is the kind of work that we
need to do as people on the margins on
the on the left or even people moderate
center instead of like looking at his
grammar mistakes on Twitter is like
really speaking up to that yeah so just
real quick Ambria because I know you
want to jump in back in September the
Trump administration started working on
a proposal that would essentially move
the issue of weapon sales to foreign
countries from the State Department to
the Commerce Department and the whole
point of that is to further deregulate
weapons manufacturers being able to sell
weapons to foreign countries and so as
you know a lot of these weapons end up
in the hands of our enemies which is why
it's important that the State Department
is involved because they have a pulse on
some of these issues who some of the
biggest threats are the Commerce
Department does not deal with our
foreign enemies they deal with Commerce
and so it's all about you know boosting
sales for these
weapons manufacturers I mean the I guess
the best export that we have here in the
United States is our gun culture so why
not go ahead and sell our guns to other
countries so I mean you yeah you're
right you look at everything in the
context of what's going on and what it
really does is it helps weapons
manufacturers doesn't really help the
American voter but why is it so hard
like why do you have to spell it out
it's like so obvious like don't they sit
and think about oh how is it gonna
benefit me if Vietnam buys more of our
weapons I don't get it
yeah I think it's the it's the the work
that you have to do to kind of get down
to those nuggets and I think there's
this tendency particularly with his
voters to kind of oversimplify this kind
of American symbolism right like
American military guns right so if
you're gonna shoot down Rockets you're
gonna shoot them down with American
machinery right like there's something
in America equalling this kind of like
force right so even if all of the other
theoretical work that you have to do
underneath an argument doesn't make
sense you kind of are just tying
together these these words right
American military guns and that
symbolizes America as a force I feel
like when when you first got to the
first leg of his tour and all he did was
talk about America as a force and this
is in somebody else's country right so
there's a way in which these themes kind
of travel with him and they're very
salient with his base right and it is
part of also his America first messaging
which is anywhere you know anywhere you
go they're gonna respect us because we
are coming around with guns trying to
force you to buy our weaponry and I'm
going to force the issue of respecting
America in ways that we've never been
respected before I a global stage which
is again just a ridiculous claim to be
made but it speaks to his voters and the
idea of being respected through your gun
as valid maybe does communicate and does
resonate with his base but I would say
like some points and connections we
could make is that not only does
militarizing not keep you safe you know
adding more weapons across the board it
it influences
people to build up stockpiles as a way
as a form of defense that could be
easily triggered into war we've seen
that many times throughout history but
the other thing is that those weapons
are used in really dramatically brutal
ways like we gave Saudi Arabia 110
billion dollars and they are leading one
of the most grotesque Wars in Yemen that
is turning into one of the worst
humanitarian disasters we are involved
in that war yeah yeah I'm doing drone
strikes in Yemen to help Saudi Arabia
which is incredible because some of
trumps most avid supporters were furious
about you know the relationship that the
United States had with Saudi Arabia
prior to him getting elected well he got
elected and guess what he is further
emboldened Saudi Arabia he is extending
US military intervention in in Yemen I
mean it's just he he isn't he has not
followed through on a lot of the big
issues that his base said that they
cared about right right right and and
taking and taking the money and putting
American expenditures and putting the
big bets on selling weapons and building
up our military power means that you're
taking from social programs you're
taking from health care you're taking
from education that's why we're
deregulating education that's why we
have no money for it right and that's
why it seems inconceivable to pay toward
single-payer health care but it actually
is conceivable if we are one of the most
wealthy nations on this earth we were
just in Portugal which was one of the
poorest countries in Europe and has an
incredible health care system and
education an education system I missed
something that Martin Luther King said
in 1967 in his speech calling out
condemning the u.s. is war in Vietnam
which is the amount of money it takes to
kill one person in Vietnam is so like
astronomically huge compared to how
little is spent on poor folks in the
u.s. yeah and while he affects no change
that will actually affect change in the
US on this tour right there's no
bilateral trade agreements right he
doesn't extract any major concessions
from China he does nothing to arrest the
nuclear program in
Korea like all of these things that
really matter
none of that gets done we're talking
about guns I know but I mean he said
that it was the best trip that any US
president wasn't working yeah good
talking about golf or instead of human
rights is basically what was said if
you're a member of the Young Turks you
not only get the whole to our Young
Turks show on demand anytime you want
and free but you also get so many other
shows old school you'll love it
aggressive progressive for guys who are
true progressives now also nerd alert
for gaming intact what to flick for
movie reviews you will love it check it
out right now at TYT Network comm slash
join
