the FDA has approved the first digital
pill to be used here in the United
States now what does that mean what is a
digital pill well the whole idea behind
this is there is a so-called digital
component to a prescription drug that
would allow your doctor to check in on
you and make sure that you are taking
your drugs as prescribed now the thought
process behind why such a technology
would be needed is that in a lot of
cases people don't take their
prescription drugs as they're supposed
to
they will skip the drug or those skipped
days or just stop taking it all together
and that ends up costing the health care
system a lot more because their
condition will worsen and it'll cost
more to treat them now the idea is well
maybe some people are just forgetting to
take their drugs and this could be a
useful tool and for the moment being
everything is very voluntary now
patients who agree to take the digital
medication a version of the
anti-psychotic abilify can sign consent
forms allowing their doctors and up to
four other people including family
members to receive electronic data
showing the date and time pills are
ingested also a smartphone app will let
them block recipients any time they
change their mind
so the smartphone app also allows them
to sign in and talk about how they're
feeling at different parts of the day
after they take the drug the technology
could potentially be used to monitor
whether post-surgical patients took too
much opioid medication or clinical trial
patients correctly took drugs being
tested so this all has to do with a
sensor it contains a it contains copper
magnesium and silicon these are all
ingredients that are safe and found in
foods and it generates an electrical
signal when splashed by stomach fluid so
I wanted to kind of open this up to you
guys and get your sense of whether this
is a good thing or bad thing clearly
there are privacy concerns that is a
concern that I have and you know some
insurance companies might also think
about giving people discounts if they're
willing to sign on to this and allow
their doctors to
or their drug taking behavior I find
that problematic yeah oh yeah no I black
mirror is not in the future it's now it
totally is
and it was really interesting that
they're starting with schizophrenia
patients who have issues of paranoia
thinking something somebody's out to get
them I mean this article was like
digital pill Big Brother
and the the chairman of psychiatry at
Columbia he said something interesting
he said there's an irony in it being
given to people with mental disorders
that can include delusions it's like a
biomedical big brother
so I mean I'm always on the fence around
the stuff especially high tech solutions
that low tech problem solutions haven't
been thought through one thing I'm at
with functional doctor or I was
inquiring about this functional doctor
and they asked if I could bring somebody
with me so I could have an
accountability partner as part of my
journey towards my medical healing and
so I wonder if that's a different kind
of solution that doesn't require people
ingesting something and having a sensor
that is also attached to a patch that is
triggering some sort of app on your
phone that you need to be responsible
for updating like your emotions
- yeah the pill taking a chocolate I
just feel like and again right now
everything is super voluntary this is in
its infancy in the US but I just worry
about things getting out of hand it just
sounds too invasive to me absolutely it
sounds it sounds like a lot of steps so
the folks that it would even help like
elderly folks who need help doing this
they're not going to strap something to
themselves and follow an app and yeah it
almost creates another issue yeah so
again it just seems a little problematic
yeah so we'll see how it goes and for
people who think that this is actually
great and it's the future cool I just
hope it remains voluntary and I hope
that insurance companies don't start you
know coercing us incentivizing it in
ways that yeah exactly
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network comm
/join
