today Donald Trump refused to comment on
the increasing number of sexual assault
allegations against Alabama Senate
candidate Roy Moore his daughter Ivanka
did say that there's a special place in
hell for those who prey on the young
which is going to make for awkward
Thanksgiving conversation with her
father but despite that you know Sean
Hannity is sort of backing off a little
bit
Breitbart had been wavering now it looks
like they're gonna still defend him so
he does still have his defenders even as
more and more people come out their
defense strategy though is getting a
little bit weird and this is going to be
an example of that here is one of Roy
Moore's lawyers speaking on mainstream
media why would he need permission from
any of these girls mothers they're not
oh they weren't underage sure that's a
good question and culturally speaking
obviously there's differences looked up
Ali's background there wow that's
awesome that you have got a such a
diverse background it's really cool to
read through that but point is this you
know these culture has you have to do
with dating a 14-year old I'm not
finished with the contents of it please
what is Ali Velshi background have to do
with dating under children
fourteen-year-old girls sure in other in
other countries
there's arrangement through parents for
what we would affirm a substantial
marriage so Ali from Canada in and out
Ali's also spent time in other countries
of which are all too so it's not a bad
time I don't know what to answer most
people didn't know where I was going
that but we have a feeling we don't know
where it's going but it's racism
adjacent oh my god she was so good so
good oh I love I love seeing that lawyer
I know that's his lawyer and I love how
quickly she put a stop to it yeah well
she's like you go the idea I guess is
that because one of the reporters he's
talking to has a background not even a
background literally but just he thinks
he can read into his face or whatever
he's got sort of a background of those
sorts that that makes it okay for Roy
Moore to do what he did but you don't
approve of what those other countries do
so how
was that a defense of your kids it
sounds like he's gonna be a great lawyer
tell me girl looking forward to hearing
his arguments I guess is the best money
can buy
he's from Canada yeah but he's been in
other countries so am i yeah she did a
great job there so cuz I planned out the
number select I'm this white lady so
vice so my aim is to and eat like sure
oh yeah sure well I'm saying is is like
let me ask the question like I didn't
tried not to do a second ago yeah and
now look this isn't just that one video
more is coming out all the time like we
have to decide what we can include and
what we can't include so we had that
letter that his Roy Moore his wife
presented it was like 53 pastors
pledging support for him that letter was
actually written before all of this
scale had nothing to do with the scandal
and now those pastors are like what are
you talking about take me off that list
I don't support it she's all just a big
lie it's just a big lie today by the way
a sixth accuser has come forward this is
Tina Johnson thankfully she was of legal
age so maybe he'll be able to skirt this
one as she alleges that a then married
Roy Moore grabbed her but while she was
in his law office in 1991 she was 28 at
that point she had come in with her
mother
he again and this is similar another
story has waited for her mother to leave
and then as she went to leave he came up
and grabbed her and she said it wasn't a
pinch it was a grab she said this is not
a politics thing it's more of a moral or
religious thing she said she was just so
sick of seeing him on TV talking about
his faith and religion for all these
years but that is a sixth person in this
case 28 you said she was 28 at that
point so his attorneys gonna come on TV
tomorrow and go well at least she was 28
years old he grabbed the butt of woman
who's 28 she wasn't 16 yeah what about
that you guys and apparently in this
case he also told her that he routinely
dates younger women I don't know why
that's the thing that he's bragging
about when he's talking to women but
that happened they had a press
conference today where the attorney
refused to really talk about whether
he'd done any of this stuff and instead
focused on how they want the yearbook
the signed yearbook that shows he knew
one of the accusers even though he says
he never met her and then there's other
information so we had found out
previously that he was banned from a
mall which is great sign
this was written by Glyn wells Wilson in
the newer American Journal saying
sources tell me more was actually banned
both from that mall and the YMCA for his
inappropriate behavior of soliciting sex
from young girls and coming out of New
York Times reported by just bid good and
Richard Fawcett saying missus Abney one
of the accusers said she recalled mr.
Moore being a regular presence in the
mid-1980s at the YMCA there she said he
was off I apologize she was not one of
the accusers she was an employee at the
YMCA at that point there she said he was
often talking to much younger women
women that appeared to be high school on
up in an exercise class I'm not saying
he was trying to pick them up it just
did not look appropriate and so this is
a guy who was hanging around high
schools hanging around malls hanging
around YMCA is bragging to people left
and right that he dates younger women
that seems like trouble if we do bring
up this final graphic you're gonna see
here they're gonna they're gonna try to
say that if they can just get their
hands on the yearbook they can prove
that it's not a signature that's his
signature on top and that looks
suspiciously like his signature down
below man his signature really hasn't
changed in decades as it well kind of
but in any event this is not looking
good for him at this point it's amazing
that he remains defiant but you know the
allegations keep mounting more and more
residents of Alabama who knew him are
speaking up and I'm glad that people are
feeling emboldened enough to at least
share their perspective of their
experiences with him whether they were
you know preyed upon by him or just he
knew that you know there was this big
open secret that no one ever acted on
yes yeah you guys gotta wait on more
information because I heard Washington
Post reporter mr. Bernstein has been
looking everywhere we did we did hear
that apparently there is a fairly shady
sounding Washington Post reporter who's
been calling people in Alabama to get
information here is the recording of
that call this is like if I'm seeing I'm
a reporter for The Washington Post
calling to find out if anyone at this
address is the female between the ages
of 54 to 57 years old really make
damaging remarks
candidate anymore for a war between
5,000 and 7,000 dollars it will not be
fully investigating these claims however
will in a written report I can be
reached by email al Bernstein at
Washington Post com Thank You Zach that
was really a robo call that was being
made to people in Alabama Bernie
Bernstein is not a Washington Post
reporter but isn't that just perfect
right there
to capsulate everything it's you can't
trust the media because they're paying
off people to lie we're not gonna fully
investigate this that's what a reporter
would say in that call and his name is
Bernie Bernstein
we'd forgotten the racism anti-semitism
at the core of this movement
so Roy Moore's defense with all these
allegations being lodged against him is
that oh the lips the lips and the
establishment Republicans are paying
people to say these things about it
right and then immediately there's this
fake you know fake Washington Post
reporter named Bernie Bernstein
yeah I'm offering money for for fake
statements tomorrow it's so obvious it
could be more shows the the degree of
belief they have that their constituents
their voting bloc has any level of
intelligence we'll call them Bernie
Bernstein
we'll have this weird cartoonish Dewey
voice what the but also they're assuming
our supporters are anti-semitic we can
use that yeah we can use it because we
are to link up with how they think and
there's no way they're gonna actually
email because maybe they're not real
victims so they're not gonna look up the
fact that Bernie Bernstein at Washington
Post comm isn't a real email just which
people wants this story got picked up
checked it obviously it's not real oh no
one's gonna check this out they're just
gonna hear to go oh I'm gonna go and
vote for Roy they keep getting to him
cuz you know the first thing they said
when this Holbrooke was people who
support him they're like well it's from
the Washington Post you really can't
trust them because they've been told
this so many times exactly can do a say
at Washington Post calm and they will
buy it and as of right now despite the
fact that there are now six people
accusing him of various forms of sexual
harassment and sexual assault he is
refusing to drop out of the race and I
saw a poll today had him up six points
the NRS see put out a poll saying that
he was down
twelve points but as many people have
noted there's a lot of reason for the NR
SC to want to pressure him to get out
and those sorts of internal polls are
usually more prone to error than regular
polls even so there's some reasons to
believe that's probably not accurate
it's possible we need to get more polls
but he gets the win this thing
especially if they if they do a scorched
earth campaign convincing everyone that
some sort of weird alliance of meat of
reporters and Jewish people are trying
to convince them that they're good godly
man is a pedophile
membership helps fund the young turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network comm
/join
