last week Senate tax bill was bad for a
number of reasons that we broke down day
by day as the week went by but they
reconvened over the weekend and found a
way to make it even worse now it's not
enough that they're going to funnel
trillions of dollars into the pockets of
millionaires and billionaires and big
corporations they also want to kick
potentially more than 10 million people
off their health insurance to pay for it
let's talk about some of these changes
the bills tax cuts and benefits for
individual Americans would almost all
sunset by December 31st 2025 so whatever
you see about the potential tax cuts
that you might get which are almost
surely going to be very small in
comparison to the wealthiest Americans
those will last for a time and then will
be gone that includes the increased
child tax credit which is going from one
thousand to two thousand dollars the
doubled standard deduction the estate
tax cut which affects one of you in the
audience maybe repeal of the alternative
minimum tax and even the tax break for
pass-through business income that last
part is actually kind of a good thing
but it's gonna be swamped by the rest
the bill also permanently eliminates the
individual mandate that penalize --is
people for not having health insurance
now this is going to split some people
because the individual mandate has long
been the least popular part of this in
the entire ACA for conservatives for one
reason for liberals for another reason
but there are reasons it's there maybe
we'll get into them and understand that
for whatever you know opposition we
might have to it getting rid of it does
actually have an effect in the real
world with the CBO estimating that 13
million people would lose their health
insurance including 8 million on the
private marketplaces and 5 million in
Medicaid
now some people dispute those numbers
say that it would probably be lower but
regardless we are talking about millions
and millions of Americans losing their
health insurance to try to make this tax
plan seem a little bit more palatable
and for anyone who isn't concerned about
the 13 million people who would lose
their health insurance under this plan
there's also the issue of premiums going
up for everyone because the whole idea
of the mandate is to get healthy people
essentially force healthy people with
you know this fine to buy insurance and
they subsidized for you know the more
costly individual
who needs to get the procedures
necessary to stay alive and so when you
don't give people an incentive to buy
insurance healthy people to buy
insurance they're probably not going to
premiums will go up so these are the
same conversations and arguments we've
been having about the health care bill
about repealing and replacing Obamacare
for the past however many years and then
even for the past year since Trump has
been in office when they said okay first
thing we do is repeal in place Obamacare
or just repeal or just skinny repeal or
skinny replace all the different things
they kept trying to do once they failed
multiple times it said oh I have an idea
let's just do it with the tax bill
because the tax was gonna go through
easily because every public ant's that
that's where we are now
they think we've been hearing about it
so much because and it's true so many
Americans were like oh yeah yeah
Obamacare is bad yeah individual mandate
bad oh yeah premiums up
oh yeah marketplace oh yeah screw those
poor people I'm one of those poor people
okay screw them anyway yeah and then
let's move on to the next thing and then
do what not give tax breaks to those
same people but give tax breaks to the
very top yeah they want that to continue
to be money and in the end by the
mid-2020s under this current plan you
know after we've you know lost money of
the wealthiest Americans after we've
taken to the health insurance away from
over ten million Americans most
Americans at that point will actually
see their taxes being higher than they
are today because of the way that this
is structured now overall the most
important component of this is that
change to the individual mandate like I
said it's it's not popular it's not
popular for Republicans not popular for
Democrats either as many people point
out it originated from a conservative
think tank which is certainly an
interesting historical footnote but it
is one of the three components of the
ACA that has allowed it to work and that
has done a great amount of good many
people have had health insurance they
haven't gone bankrupt they haven't died
they haven't dwelled with chronic
conditions being untreated because of
something that we kind of dislike at the
end of the day all of it sucks in
comparison and Medicaid for all Medicare
for all I should say or some sort of
single-payer but because we have Donald
Trump as president we ain't getting that
for several years maybe for another
seven years so for now we need to
protect people this is not just designed
to kick them off health insurance it's
also designed to create a ripple effect
that eventually will bring down the
entire system just determine the people
I say kicking
can down the road we're gonna push it
back later and all these things when it
comes to politicians and in legislation
so again you mentioned the 2025 when
things when these things what sunset it
know what change again yeah these are
all temporary bandages to put on
something right now so they can get
their severe tax cuts for the people who
fund them their entire lives and entire
careers so when someone may read oh it
census in 2025
you don't think you oh you think that's
so far away but it doesn't matter how
far away it is that's seven years
basically away and now you thinking oh
what's okay seventy is way by then I'm
gonna be rich because they keep telling
me how if I just wait longer I'm gonna
get rich yeah these people have given
all of my money to are gonna give it all
back to me in abundance just because
they love me yeah well the thing is like
so many people who've been through this
before that we've seen these these
battles over tax cuts would say okay so
they're saying it's going to you know
sunset in 2025 but they never actually
do that in the end they always just make
them permanent at the end so maybe my
taxes wouldn't go up well that's true
but if they make them permanent then
that also means that this is going to
cost far far more for the deficits and
the national debt than they say and all
they're really doing is some sort of
financial jujitsu to fool you into
thinking that it won't cost more than
1.5 trillion dollars so they can get it
through the Senate with only 51 votes
rather than 60 it's all just a shell
game and you get screwed regardless of
which shell you actually choose it's
nice seeing how the first thing they go
for when it comes to saving money is any
type of deduction or any type of tax
benefit that you know helps the middle
class or the working class right because
when they're talking about some of these
tax breaks sunsetting after 10 years
there are the types of tax breaks that
help us and so that's that's exactly
what you're talking about when you say
our taxes are eventually going to go up
and by the way I don't think they're
gonna make it permanent you think you
think Republicans in Congress I'm just
saying it's bad either way it is bad
you're right it's bad either way and you
know I just want to quickly comment
about how you know I know it's
frustrating to see what's happening at
this moment but there's a very clear
reason that this is happening and it's
because we did not have a Democratic
Party under the Obama administration
that fought hard enough for a
single-payer pro
Obama campaign saying that he did not
like the idea of a mandate right because
by the way it was a conservative idea
from the Heritage Foundation it was
implemented by Romney
yeah Romney in Massachusetts um so it I
just think back at the so-called Blue
Dog Democrats and I think back it you
know at least it appeared that Obama
easily caved on the notion of a
single-payer health care program in the
US and that that's why we're having this
ridiculous debate years and years later
and I see no end in sight it's
frustrating to say the least
well and also that's that that sort of
frustration that you have should be a
warning to everyone like even if we
think okay we're gonna get Medicare for
all it's gonna be awesome it would be
awesome let's say we fight and in you
know four years or any eight years we
get a president he fights for a year and
then we get it everybody's thinking like
oh then we've won no after the ACA they
fight you they fight you for fucking
decades after roe v-- wade they fight
you they fight you for decades after the
Great Society after all those bro you
don't just win you win and then you
fight to maintain your winnings so even
once we get Medicare for all they're
going to be attempts to undermine it
attempts to repeal it for the rest of
your lives and possibly the lives of
your children so buckle up even if we
win on that issue now why are the people
that don't want it that that don't
benefit financially directly from these
types of things happening for them are
paying our politicians to keep fighting
it oh yeah no one is funding them to
keep fighting actual help for Americans
or what honestly not even help I hate
saying things like the help or the the
entitlements which is now a bad word the
reason it's an entitlement is because
it's what you deserve is what you paid
for if I go to the store and I spent
hours on groceries I expect to get mine
$1 worth of groceries I'm not entitled
if I only get my get a couple loaves of
bread and some eggs should I pay for all
of that we pay for this no no but like
okay you're right but the propaganda
that essentially you know defames people
for for wanting to take advantage of the
the benefits that they've paid into it
has it is seeping so deeply into the
minds of some Americans just yesterday I
was listening to a conservative radios
and a caller called in and was like
irate over the notion that people get
tax breaks for their kids right and he's
like what are they gonna do with that
money they're gonna squander it anyway
first of all how do you know that
secondly it's their money it's their
money they worked for it's not your
money it's their income idiot what if
they just spend all their stupid kids
though their money it's their money I
love how we're having conversations
about the only tax deductions or the tax
breaks that help the middle class
working so and related to that actually
one of the ways in effect this is going
to help to subsidize those gigantic
corporate tax cuts is that something
like 300 billion dollars will be in
effect pulled away from Medicaid another
program that we won on literally decades
ago we stopped to fight constantly to
defend this was like good good thing
there's some poor baby I'm getting a
good thing though is that with this at
least the corporate tax returns dropped
from 25 to 30 that's gonna sunset too
right John no that's permanent
unfortunately that one is permanent and
again they're making these changes to
pass through business income and stuff
like that that's something to keep an
eye on but let's talk about the chances
of it passing never never let your guard
down when it comes to something like
this is one of their chief priorities I
am shocked that they didn't try to pass
it in the first month but they they
really want to get this done and so to
do that they need you know to pass it in
the Senate not with a filibuster-proof
ratio because of the the financial
wizardry they're doing here but they do
need a majority and so some senators are
now coming out and saying they're not
going to vote for it or they might not
vote for it the first is a no as of
right now that's senator ron johnson
republican of wisconsin saying he won't
support the tax package because it quote
unfairly benefits corporations over
other businesses and finds the bills
process quote offensive he also wants
more benefits for pass-through
businesses that would benefit people
like Donald Trump so I could take the
issue with some of his reasons for
opposing it but as of right now he's
opposing it it's the sort of thing that
they can come out with draft number
three and maybe win him back which is
the scary part but right now he's a no
vote we also have Susan Collins who says
that she she had said she wants to get
rid of the individual mandate and the
ACA and all that she also wants tax
reform
but I believe taking a particular
provision from the ACA and appending it
to the tax bill greatly complicates our
efforts one of my concerns is it will
cause premiums in the individual markets
to go up as healthier younger people
drop out because that is what would
happen and that's what's intended to
happen so that it would take down the
whole thing it's true but she hasn't
said she won't vote for it but she is
leaning against it and Ron Johnson said
no those are currently as far as I know
the only knows there's a guy in the
house I saw but that one that's less
consequential than in the center
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network comm
/join
