during 2016 election the Democratic
Party was accused time and time again of
being elitist and not serving the best
interests of its constituents and those
on the left and some on the Left were
incredibly puzzled by those accusations
but Mark Warner and his recent proposal
in regard to payday lenders and
deregulating them is a perfect example
of why it appears some establishment
Democrats have no interest in looking
out for the best interests of the
American people but rather the best
interests of corporations and those who
want to do predatory lending so for
those of you who are unfamiliar with
payday lenders they have gotten a lot of
flack in recent years over the interest
rate that they tack on to these payday
loans and their short-term loans but
oftentimes what happens is people can't
catch up with them so they keep taking
out more and in some cases the interest
rate that's tacked on can be up to 400%
and so there were efforts by the
Consumer Protection Bureau to regulate
these types of payday loans so it would
cap the interest rate to the same
interest rate that is lawful in any
given state that this company operates
in now let's give you the details on
what Mark Warner wants to do in late
July didn't get much news but Warner
introduced protecting consumers access
to credit Act of 2017 the legislation
would allow payday lenders to ignore
state interest rate caps on consumer
loans as long as they partnered with a
national bank now national banks deal
with some regulation but it's much more
laxed when it comes to the issue of
interest rates and so when these
predatory lenders these payday lenders
realize that they realize that hey if we
can just work with a national bank well
the national bank can give out that loan
initially and then immediately sell it
off to us and may get a commission we
get the money we get that high interest
rate it was just a scheme so it's
complicated but I want to just explain
it just tiny bit more
so if you're just working within the
state they can't regulate you and limit
you to 36 percent interest rate which is
what most states do now 36 percent
interest rate is still gigantic okay
but okay fine at least is capped but
they found a loophole the loophole was
well if I if I'm not giving you the loan
but a National Bank from a different
state than this one is giving it then
they're not subject to the state law
that's right so technically the bank is
giving you the loan and then converting
it as an explained which allows them to
charge interest rates up to three
hundred and eighty percent now Mark
Warner I don't think that he I'm gonna
give him way too much better food out
here I think that he genuinely believes
that he is trying to stimulate business
okay now it doesn't hurt that they are
stimulating his campaign contributions
and that's usually how it works and they
pour in a lot of money to Hammond to
other Democratic senators and and they
but they get themselves to believe no
especially a Silicon Valley guys there's
a couple of sophisticated new companies
that are going to do this and they need
access across the states but in reality
no they're using the same loophole to be
able to charge three hundred eighty
percent interest yeah so Mark Warner
introduces it and paints it as he's
protecting your access to credit no
you've got to access the credit either
way under one circumstance they still
charge you a huge interest rate of
thirty six percent and the other one
they're charging you a rate that is so
high that it gets you into a cycle of
poverty and yes to give you a sense of
how bad it is according to Pew a typical
customer keeps on rolling over the
paydays because it's such a big fee that
they're charged look people don't have a
lot of money you know the people in
Washington in New York it's unfair to
say they think it's a joke they just did
not familiar with it right so that they
can't comprehend you know that for about
three-quarters of Americans they could
not withstand a $700 blow to their
finances they're a one paycheck away
from being in a significant
financial problem yeah and and so yeah
and so for them borrowing for example
$375 the they wind up having to pay $55
fee so if you're rich in your Washington
New York you're like $55 feet what's the
big deal okay but that's only for a
couple of weeks that's the what winds up
being three hundred eighty percent and
they can't pay that back because they
keep running after it so for the typical
consumer that does that kind of loan the
theme winds up at the end being five
hundred and twenty dollars when the
original loan was only three hundred and
seventy five dollars so the the loan
that they got to pay back the interest
they got to pay back is more than the
one they originally borrowed and and
this is what keeps people on a cycle of
poverty that's why they want to do
regulation on this and instead he
proposes yeah it wants to do the
opposite and and he wants to essentially
pull back regulations or D regulate this
industry further and and keep in mind
that this is something that is likely to
pass because one the media is not on
this at all I want to give Zack Carter
at The Huffington Post credit for
reporting on this because this was not
on anyone's radar and remember the first
proposal was back in July it's likely to
pass because it has bipartisan support
so there are corporatist democrats that
are in favor of this let me give you the
details on that now companion
legislation is scheduled to a vote in
the House Financial Services Committee
today where the bill has the backing of
representatives
Greg Meeks who's a Democrat in New York
and Gwen Moore who's a Democrat in
Wisconsin they're so-called liberal
Democrats with a history of sympathy for
the financial industry they're not
liberal Democrats just because you know
you think gay people should have the
same rights as straight people and black
people should have the same rights as
white people doesn't make you a liberal
those are guys who consistently sell out
to the financial industry so Warner's a
Senate version is also co-sponsored by
Tea Party darling Senator Pat Toomey and
Senator Gary Peters so to your earlier
point where you know you're trying to be
fair and and you know give him the
benefit of the doubt I'm not buying that
he knows who he's working with and to to
think oh maybe he really is trying to
stimulate business and help people out
not know yeah 400 percent interest rates
on payday loans how does that stimulate
yeah it stimulates
for these payday lenders certainly
doesn't help the American people look
and don't get me wrong he gets himself
to believe those pretty little lies yeah
so and and the reality is this is how
they robbed you in the middle of the
night because while you're looking at
Trump's tweets and the big plans of the
Republicans to do X Y or C all of a
sudden we have bipartisanship on an
issue where the bank's win and you lose
Wow funny how that happened one of the
other people supporting the bill is
arch-conservative Patrick McHenry so
somehow arch conservatives and Democrats
want up agree on a bill where you pay
all the money and the national banks and
the payday lenders and now some of the
new more quote/unquote sophisticated
version of payday lenders in Silicon
Valley all get rich and and look I think
that the big takeaway from this aside
from a really terrible policy proposal
is the fact that you know you have
members of the Democratic Party who
don't understand why voters feel like
they were abandoned by them this is why
this is why you think people are stupid
you think people don't know you think
people aren't dealing with terrible
economic situations that you aren't
addressing properly that you're actually
you know taking counterproductive
measures against I mean come on and it's
just it's pathetic and they're so
defiant about how far removed they are
from the actual struggles of average
Americans yeah and by the way it's not
like they didn't know because the
Americans for financial reform the
Center for Responsible Lending Consumer
Federation for America the n-double-a-cp
the Southern Poverty Law Center all
wrote letters to all these Democrats
saying don't do it don't do it
this entraps people into this cycle of
poverty this is a terrible piece of
legislation and the corporate democrats
looked at in a way yes but you're not
our donors and then they go what we're
liberals we're liberals why are people
frustrated with establishment Democrats
this is why it's his system of
corruption it's built on corruption
private financing leads to them working
for private interests it's a way past
time that they work for our public
interest if you liked this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
