Roy Moore so far is not facing a
criminal investigation regarding the
accusations that he was sexually
assaulting teenage girls when he was in
his 30s however there are cases of men
in the state of Alabama who have been
prosecuted for you know predatory
behavior and one of those individuals is
Joseph Lee Musso who spent nearly five
years in prison on the charge of using a
computer to attempt to persuade induce
and entice a child to engage in sexual
activity now the individual that Musa
was communicating with online was not in
fact a 14 year old but an undercover cop
and so he planned to meet who he thought
was a 14 year old girl and then when he
showed up it was an undercover cop and
he faced this criminal charge now in
March of 2005 Musso pleaded guilty in
exchange for a reduced sentence of 63
months he served one month short of five
years as a federal inmate he did what
most sex offenders have to do he
registered as a sex offender and that
has had very negative impacts on his
life he's not able to get a job
his record says that his victim was a 14
year old girl even though there wasn't
really a victim in that case but
nonetheless I mean he is a bad guy he's
intention was to meet with a 14 year old
girl and have a sexual encounter with
her and so the justice system dealt with
that the way that it should
but with Roy Moore oh he's a man in a
position of power so who cares and he's
a defiant person who refuses to ever
take ownership or ever apologize and
since we live in this society now where
apologies are looked upon his weaknesses
we're gonna give Roy Moore a pass so now
let's look at we just told you about
Joseph Lee Moo so let's look at the full
record Oh Roy Moore real quick
number one he admits that he liked to
date young girls as young as 16 when he
was in his 30s that part he admits
everybody in town that reporters go talk
to say everybody knows that Roy Moore
used to go after young girls at least as
young as 16 and and he was apparently
banned from the local mall because he
was such a pervert that he'd go in his
30s trying to hit on
teenagers okay that's the part that
that's not illegal just it is what it is
okay then you have the sixteen year old
and the illegal of age of consent in
Alabama is 16 it was 16 year old that he
took from a restaurant and said oh I'll
give you a ride home was a cold night
her boyfriend was late and she had seen
him all the time she knew that he was a
district attorney and and he had written
in her yearbook and he seemed like a
nice guy and he's she trusts him because
he's the DA he takes her to the back it
gets her get in the car takes her in the
back of the restaurant where there's no
light in between the wall and the
dumpster and he rips her shirt open and
gropes her and then tries to force her
head down the next day she has bruises
all up and down her neck she starts
screaming and screaming tears streaming
down her face but she she she fights him
off and at the end he gets frustrated
and he pushes her and he says you're a
child and I'm the district attorney no
one will ever believe you then he opens
the door and pushes her out she
remembers him peeling away as she's
lying on the floor in the cold concrete
okay so that's the story she told
recently that's the one that said she's
a proud Republican and voted for Trump
and so did her husband she has multiple
witnesses that she told that story - a
long time ago two years after the attack
then four years ago - her mom before she
got married to her husband she has all
the corroboration she has the yearbook
he did it okay and that was not
consensual he should be arrested for
that okay now then you have the story of
the 14 year old same fact bedroom but
way worse than Moussa because he there
was a real 14 year old he goes up to the
mom as she's sitting outside the court
house remember he's a district attorney
he says oh you're gonna go into a
custody hearing
I don't want her to hear that I want to
spare her the trauma and he starts to
befriend the young 14 year old girl when
he's of in his thirties as a district
attorney and he befriends her he gets
her number says I'm going to help he
gets finally gets her in a car don't go
in a car with Roy Moore he gets her in a
car and instead of driving her home
drives to his house thirty minutes into
the woods then he makes her strip down
into her underwear then he takes off all
of his clothes and then he's and it's
painful to say but he
got her too took her hand and made her
touches erect penis according to the
record okay
now that guy and there is no statute of
limitations in Alabama on sexual crimes
against underaged kids no statute of
limitations so mu so for trying to meet
with a fictional fourteen-year-old that
didn't exist spent five years in prison
registered sex offender
why is Roy Moore not immediately
arrested we have an incredibly credible
witness we have several witnesses
including the 14 year old that said he
sexually assaulted me running for Senate
why is he not in handcuffs and this is
what drives Americans crazy rightfully
so there are two different sets of laws
in this country one for the rich and
powerful and one for the rest of us you
go you look at a fourteen-year-old the
wrong way anywhere in the country you're
gonna go to prison okay unless you have
power in which case you might become a
United States Senator and and the the
sixteen-year-old said that she didn't
even tell her sister for two years
because she was so afraid of what that
District Attorney might be able to do to
her and her family that's power and he
used that power to molest little girls
and now we're having a conversation
about whether he should be a United
States Senator the conversation we
should be having is how much time should
he spend in prison watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like a tea white tea
network.com slash join
