several Alabama residents have spoken to
the press about how Roy Moore who is the
Senate candidate Senate Republican
Senate candidate in Alabama was known to
go after young teen girls and it was
just this open secret that no one did
anything about in fact he moved up the
ranks in his law career while this open
secret was out in the open and so I want
to give you some of the direct quotes
from these Alabama residents keep in
mind these are people in Alabama these
are not members of the DNC these are not
you know liberal individuals trying to
undermine him these are people who lived
in his communities and were very
familiar with him one individual says
that these stories have been going
around this town for 30 years lake three
who grew up in Gadsden and lives there
currently told al calm he said that
nobody could believe they hadn't come
out yet because they're from 30 years
ago it's been going on for a long time
another individual says him liking and
dating young girls was never a secret
when we all were in high school in our
neighborhoods up by Nakul Ala Falls we
heard it all the time even people at the
courthouse knew it was a well-known
secret
another person said he watched us girls
quite openly his eyes crawled over our
shirts and our backsides he was so open
about it that I would try and handle his
order as quickly as possible
now the Viktoria that had that quote
there bevor stock is is the only one in
these stories that's actually above the
age of 18 so she's she was 20 at the
time when Roy Moore was checking her out
so that's fine depends on your dessert
if I was certainly nothing illegal or or
it's for a guy in his 30s check out of
20 year olds okay but point being is
that everybody in that town everybody in
the restaurant he went to knew that he
checked out all the young girls
including the ones all the way down to
15 the girl that said he tried to rape
her in the in in the back of the old
hickory restaurant was 15 when he
started hitting on her and then he wrote
in her yearbook when she was
sixteen so he goes on and on and then
you've got them all where apparently he
was banned from the mall because he was
known as a pervert who was trying to
pick up young girls at the mall and and
off-duty police officers knew it the
people who worked at the mall knew it
everybody in the community knew it
Roy Moore was the pervert and now by the
way you see all this and it becomes
clear why Roy Moore is a moral crusader
because he's crusading against himself
he knows that he has bad intent and so
what does he do he does projection and
he goes to all the sinners the sinners
it's a way of deflecting and making sure
that you overcompensate in some ways to
prevent people from investigating your
own behavior you know look at that guy
look at these people they're the amoral
ones meanwhile it's out in the open that
he's out there going after teenage girls
and making them incredible making them
uncomfortable and some of the
allegations literally sexually
assaulting them by grabbing allegedly
grabbing one of these women a girls at
the time by the neck and forcing her
head towards her crotch toward his
crotch now the reason why I'm giving you
more context into what people apparently
openly knew about Roy Moore is because
the response to Roy Moore has been
interesting to say the least especially
when you compare it to other individuals
who had been found guilty or pleaded
guilty to similar predatory behavior and
how they actually spent time in prison
for doing so but when it comes to the
case of Roy Moore oh it's out in the
open and he doesn't face any you know
any part of our criminal justice system
so the RNC has now decided that they
will not raise money for Roy Moore they
are not supportive of him whatsoever on
a national level lawmakers are not
supportive of him whatsoever now on a
more local level though in Alabama
that's where lawmakers could have a real
impact because they could make a
decision as to whether or not Roy Moore
can move forward with this
run for the Senate seat and so the 21
members of Alabama's Republican party
central steering committee again are the
only ones who can pull Roy Moore's
nomination and potentially block his
path to the Senate after days of
mounting allegations that their Senate
nominee had sexual contact with teenage
girls while he was in his 30s to Alabama
GOP sources tell Talking Points Memo
they finally decided to hold a meeting
later this week to hash out whether they
can stand by his side so they haven't
even made that decision yet they need to
have a meeting to decide whether or not
they're going to take action and some of
these politicians are hesitant to do so
because Roy Moore still has his backers
in Alabama and since nearly a quarter of
them are seeking re-election they're
worried about losing that portion of the
constituency and that portion of the
vote they're very unlikely to do
anything Alabama Republican Party
chairwoman Terry leaf and said quote
very unlikely that Moore would lose
party's endorsement so and in the
entirety of the article and the
discussions with these politicians in
Alabama the focus was what will the
steering committee do because of the
potential blowback to their careers
there was almost no discussion of hey
this guy trying to rape a 16 year old
girl in a parking lot and nearly
kidnapped a 14 year old and then fondled
her and and all the different things
that he did that's not relevant the
relevant is thing is how is it going to
affect other Alabama's Republicans it's
amazing and and you wonder why people
hate politicians okay this is why they
hate politicians cuz is there somebody
who's gonna stand up in the meeting and
go guys how what if it was your
fourteen-year-old daughter that he
brought into the woods and he did he
brought her he took her from her her mom
before 10 year old to over 30 minutes
into the woods so that he could have her
alone and strip her down to her
underwear and make him make her touch
his crotch after getting naked he
tricked the mom by saying that he was
gonna take care of her and he didn't
want her to hear the painful custody
hearings and he said it's okay I'm the
district attorney it's no one I'm gonna
stand up and say what if it was your
fourteen-year-old daughter that he took
into the woods no hey Bob what do you
think about your political
hey Sally what do you think about your
political career let's have a
conversation about our political careers
and by the way the only reason why
they're having that conversation by
their political careers is not just
because they're the only bad guys in
Alabama no because they're worried that
Republican voters in Alabama are deeply
immoral and they don't care about child
molestation and if they vote against Roy
Moore and take them out of that position
that the Republican voters in Alabama
will be will stand with the child
molester and then do political
retribution on anyone who removed them
help us build independent media together
TYT Network com /join
