during Donald Trump's tour in Asia he
met with Philippine president Rodrigo
Duterte
and interestingly enough he seemed to be
incredibly chummy with Duterte who has
been a controversial figure considering
the fact that he has been very
supportive and has encouraged
extrajudicial killings of individuals
who are addicted to drugs
now Philippines the Philippines have an
issue with drug addiction so does the
United States and the approach here in
the United States has been to you know
stop criminalizing people who are
addicted to painkillers and heroin and
get them the help that they need to
recover in the Philippines it's a
completely different story thousands of
people have been killed in extrajudicial
killings some by police officers others
by vigilantes and it has been disastrous
because there's no due process in these
cases now Trump though has praised
duterte for his organization of the
summit's saying that he handled them
beautifully he also said we had a great
relationship this has been very
successful Trump also said that he had
enjoyed being here meaning with Duterte
in the Philippines now there's another
part of their meeting that is a little
disturbing both to tear Tay and Trump
have a deep disdain for the media and so
as reporters were being escorted out of
the room one asked if Trump would raise
the issue of human rights to which to
tear Tay jokingly called the media spies
at that point both laughed but neither
answered the question yeah so there's a
number of issues here first on the on
the so-called drug warrior that doTERRA
tea is running about a hundred thousand
people have been killed and it's you
think like oh it's gang warfare and
something sure I'm sure that's some part
of it but mainly it's actually the cops
doing the killing and so Amnesty
International accused the police of
shooting defenseless people not only
that the police paying assassins to
murder not drug dealers but addicts yeah
people who are addicted to drugs and you
know as again we're experiencing here in
the United
dates this is something that should be
met with decriminalization and with
rehabilitation because people get
addicted to drugs for all sorts of
reasons they're not bad people because
they're addicted to drugs this is
terrible so so now look the US and I'm
completely clean hands by a long shot
we're the people who started the war on
drugs in the first place and it's been
an absolute debacle and and of course
now we're talking about rehabilitation
because it's affecting wider
cross-section of Americans back when it
was mainly black people they were
locking up then they were they weren't
talking about as a health issue they
were talking about we're gonna throw him
away so we got plenty of skeletons in
our closet no question about that but
duterte is definitely a different level
just last year he said that we should
kill the three million addicts in the
Philippines I had killed Maria batiks I
have his exact quote which is shocking
he said he'd be happy to slaughter he'd
be happy to slaughter three million
addicts slaughter them and he's made a
number of these comments and it
emboldened the the vigilantes it
emboldened the cops and even if someone
thinks no no drug addicts should be
criminalized
well what about due process what about a
trial
you know extrajudicial killings imply
that there is no trial there is no day
in court there's nothing you you can be
accused and as soon as you're accused
because you're emboldened by the leader
of the country you could go out and just
kill someone for being addicted to drugs
or allegedly addicted to drugs just go
out there and kill someone you don't
like and accuse them of being addicted
to drugs of course that's why the
killing is absolutely out of control in
the Philippines and so now Trump while
on the campaign trail pretended to care
about the opioid problem in America and
he pretended to empathize with the
families of those who were addicted now
he's going and embracing a guy who says
we should kill anyone who's addicted to
any kind of drug so if you were if your
family's been affected by the disaster
in this country that opioids have
wreaked and you thought Trump was gonna
help you
he just embraced a guy who says your
family members should be murdered and
and so
Duterte just last week in another Asian
summit in Vietnam bragged about how he
personally killed someone when he was 16
years old
he said at the age of 16 I already
killed someone a real person a rumble a
stabbing I was just 16 years old it was
just over a look
so he's bragging about murdering people
and it's just so fascinating to me to
see who Trump shows admiration for
people who have this dictatorial streak
people like Duterte people like you know
Vladimir Putin who you know viciously go
after their opponents in some cases
murdering their opponents I mean why is
that the Trump has this deep admiration
for them but when it comes to other
world leaders like Angela Merkel you
know he's just vicious toward them it's
fascinating to me yeah and then finally
on the issue the press so Detroit he
calls them spies and if you don't know
Detroit race history you might think
okay whatever he does like the press a
lot of Republicans and don't like the
press because they actually cover facts
from time to time and and so but
understand there's a difference even
between Trump and Detroit a Trump has
said it's frankly disgusting the press
is able to write whatever it wants to
write because Trump is a person who's
never read the US Constitution that is
an absolute guarantee in the
Constitution but he doesn't care he's a
wannabe dictator but the thwart a has
said just because you're a journalist
you are not exempted from assassination
if you're a son of a bitch freedom of
expression cannot help you if you have
done something wrong so this is a guy
who has encouraged the assassination of
journalists so when he says all of you
people in the press are spies it is not
a laughing matter
the Philippines now unfortunately ranks
is the third worst country for killing
of journalists only behind Syria and
Iraq and those journalists died in war
zones
Duterte has created the war zone where
he is encouraging the assassination of
his critics in the press right and and
not character assassination actual
murder assassination so it is not
remotely a laughing matter
Trump doesn't know that because he's an
idiot okay I guess that's your big
defense my president that I like doesn't
do any homework is a moron doesn't know
who he's yucking it up with and saying
is a wonderful person every part of
Trump is again with Putin to thwart a
just loves the strong men who are
dictators who murder political opponents
and the press and and and thinks it's a
wonderful thing to complement them over
and over and laugh with them and by the
way after the laughing was done Duterte
said I'm not joking and point it to the
press and say you are like you are spies
he's not joking he's called for their
murder and Trump's like this is crate
man why can't I do this support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
