last week Donald Trump made news when he
nominated a judicial a federal district
judge in Alabama who doesn't have much
experience his name is Brett Talley he
has been working as a lawyer for about
three years has never actually tried a
specific case so he's incredibly
incredibly unqualified for this position
practice law for three years was
approved by the Senate Judiciary
Committee despite never having tried a
case well to be fair Hanna he was a
blogger oh he was he was a blogger okay
so he's totally qualified to be a
federal judge by the way I've also been
a blogger and I was a lawyer for nine
months in total how did you never get
nominated for the Supreme Court and
crazy and actually if you include my
internships the prosecutor's office it's
almost a year that I was a lawyer and I
would actually go inside a courtroom I'm
more qualified to be a federal judge
than this guy
it's insane okay well the big update to
this story is that he failed to disclose
the fact that there's a gigantic
conflict of interest here because of who
he's married to it turns out that his
wife is a White House lawyer in fact she
is the chief of staff to the White House
Counsel okay so let's uh tell you who
she is her name is Anne Donaldson again
this is something that he was supposed
to disclose and he failed to do so and
so I don't know what's gonna happen now
but you should also know that he was
deemed unqualified by the American Bar
Association and what stands out to me is
that whenever we have conversations
about people getting special treatment
when they don't earn things it's always
in the context of affirmative action
right but when it comes to stuff like
this yeah whatever he didn't earn it but
he's a white dude so who cares
yeah well it's it's it's deeper than
that so let me tell you a couple more
things about him so he worked for Luther
strange and and Luther strange was
briefly the senator from Alabama was
Jeff session stepped down until
defeated strange and in the primary so
presumably Luther strange will be out of
the Senate soon but anyway those
senators are very powerful in helping
picking these federal judges and so
that's one thing but that happens all
the time to be fair okay and Democrats
do it - hey that I like this guy I'm
gonna point him right or and then number
two now getting far more relevant Bret
tally himself worked at the part of the
Justice Department that helped pick
judicial appointments he's like oh I got
a great idea
okay me me me me me me me just appoint
me he pulled a Cheney important himself
right but we knew all that stuff the
reason why this is a new story is
because he did not disclose that his
wife is chief of staff to the White
House Counsel which could be really
really relevant in picking federal
judges right and why did you hide that I
mean that's clearly not something like
oh I she was working in the DMV I didn't
think to fill that out super relevant to
the proceedings here yeah I think it's
at this point standard operating
procedure in the Trump administration or
the Trump era
you just don't disclose your conflicts
of interest who cares who cares about
conflicts of interest our president is
just a walking talking conflict of
interest so why would this guy worry
about you know telling anyone or
disclosing who his wife is yeah he
thought well then there's new rules the
Trump rules are you could just cheat and
so I'm going to cheat and leave that off
Jared Kushner left off unbelievable
things will do Ross left off
unbelievable Ross the Secretary of
Commerce left off two billion dollars
that he hid somewhere and then later
when he was asked about it wit Forbes
magazine hate you dropped two billion
dollars in wealth what happened to the
two billion he's like well I just
transferred it to other people I'm not
gonna tell you who and but it's okay
it's not a conflict of interest so
that's why I didn't record it there like
so you're actually now only have only
have 770 million he's like no I don't
want anybody think that I don't have
that money
why because he wants to be higher on the
Forbes list oh they're unbelievable so
where's the goddamn money so they're all
doing it it's it's the swamp at large
but one more thing
particularly about this
Trump has appointed 59 people to the
court the Republicans who blocked a
hundred nominees under the last two
years of Obama they're approving every
single one of them right but only four
out of the 59 to be fair were ranked
unqualified okay so 55 were not they
were ranked qualified by the American
Bar Association right
this guy was declared unanimously
unqualified like not a single person
thought he was qualified for the office
and the Republicans are like party line
vote yep totally approved lovely let's
move forward right wing blogger who
thought by the way in on his blog
someone said that we should pick up arms
against the government if we don't agree
with them okay meaning to a violent
assault on government officials and he
said he Greece and now that guy is gonna
be a federal judge if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
