this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm trump recently spoke in
front of the UN General Assembly and
something fascinating happened let's
take a look today I stand before the
United Nations General Assembly to share
the extraordinary progress we've made in
less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
Administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
he seemed a little subdued by the way
like of course he's doing what he
typically does which is brag like crazy
but you know that smile in the end like
that like no that's not Trump I don't
know it was weird but I love that they
laughed at him because he's a clown and
he said something ridiculous obviously
yeah so first of all there's some chance
that because of the Cavanaugh hearings
his advisors have my tranquilizers so if
we let this guy out he's gonna say the
worst possible things about the women
involved right they're like just she's
kind of doing but but trust me you get
worse but no in all seriousness that was
an amazing moment and we're used to his
insanity about I've accomplished more in
the first two years in any
administration in United States history
but who says that what kind of a jerk
says that's so demonstrably not true
that's what's so crazy about like if
anything he could say I've gotten more
people convicted in the first two years
from any administration because what
people have gone to jail or own pet on
the path to go into jail who've worked
for him or associated with him but like
more in the like you could literally put
up the wall of presidents and throw a
dart and hit somebody who did more in
the first two years been trumped yeah
and and but even if it were true which
is of course not not even within the
same universe as truth but even if it
were true who is unbearable enough to go
to the rest of the world and go I've
accomplished more than everyone
including Lincoln and Roosevelt and
George Washington me because that's what
he's saying he said in any of any
Administration in US history but
remember he's also the same guy in that
earlier had bragged that his poll
numbers are higher than Abraham
Lincoln's I was no polling in Abraham
like his time what a weird insane lie if
it was true you should be a little like
have some humility like oh wow I beat
Lincoln in a poll that feels kind of
weird right it's
there is no pole and he's like oh yard
beat Abraham Lincoln in the pole what's
funny is foreign leaders know American
history better than he does because
they're laughing because they know it's
not true it was like we could just look
at the last guy who stood up here as the
American president and point out that
that's not true and you're like of
course you I didn't respect that
reaction it's like why didn't you like
unable to really I mean I don't know
he's both deeply insecure and I that
insecurity comes from obviously
recognizing your flaws in your downfalls
but he's also sometimes unable to see
his faults and so I I don't think he
expected that because here in the United
States he surrounded himself with people
who might on the down-low think he's an
idiot but to his face treat him like
he's a king right I wonder if we don't
know this is happening but behind closed
doors they're telling him he's done
things they just haven't had it just the
case they're just like oh no no no today
like we made the Washington Monument 15
feet taller because I for you are great
president Trump and they're like area to
just sit in the list of like all the
he's just got these stack of papers like
man I've done so much look at this
picture of the Lincoln monument I Shrunk
it because it was too big as mine's
gonna be bigger when we bent like it's
just crazy one of the things that Trump
would campaign on and he keeps saying as
president is we're the laughingstock of
the world right if you don't believe me
just take a look at this they are
laughing at us back in Iran when do we
beat Mexico at the border they're
laughing at us at our stupidity they're
sitting around their table just setting
the price of oil and laughing at us
I know people involved with OPEC they
laugh at the stupidity of our country
they laugh at us
can you imagine General MacArthur or any
of our great generals putting up with
what we're putting up with with Isis
they're just scoffing at us they're
laughing at us Chinese laughing at us I
know many of the people in China know
many of the big business people and
they're laughing at us they think we're
so stupid one of the big representatives
from China was talking about global
warming and I know that underneath these
laughing then the president of China
comes over we have a state dinner forum
honoring and what a wonderful guy and
he's laughing all the way back to China
they think we are the dumbest son of a
in the world all right they think our
representatives don't know what they're
doing they laugh at us behind our back
the world is laughing at us they think
we're stupid in a lot of those clips he
swapped we from me he should have been
say they think I'm the dumbest person on
yeah that's literally just what just
happened the whole world just laughed at
you because of how stupid they think you
are well I mean maybe he was just trying
to prove his point you know the world is
laughing but they're not laughing well
hopefully they're not laughing at us
they're certainly laughing at you
sometimes all in the same room at the
same time at the same person yeah and
look the world does not like Donald
Trump but that's not why they live laugh
is an involuntary reaction you have
nobody was coordinating that or planning
that although to cure a right-wing
conspiracy theory any second now but
they just listen to a guy saying
something preposterous and they just
started literally lol aghh and so and
then the last thing is you know he
seemed to have brushed it off okay there
at the end no no no that was Donald
Trump does that's so bitter
tariffs for everyone
we trade with you don't care terrible
everybody gets tired but literally no
joke
because part of the reason that he ran
for president according to the people
who know him is because Obama made a
joke about him in one of the White House
Correspondents Dinner and then they
showed his face and he was humiliated
when Obama was talking about how he
killed bin Laden while Donald Trump was
trying to figure out who to fire on
apprentice or something really yeah
right
and was running a circus and apparently
that made Trump furious because he hates
to be the butt of the joke then cuz it
belittles him it means some small so
there's no way he wasn't absolutely
livid over that moment which puts a big
smile on my face so and in the world you
are right
we had it coming guy unbelievably yes is
our president the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT comm slash
app
