following Trump's comments regarding his
distrust of US intelligence
organizations and his trust of Audra Mir
Putin over these intelligence
organizations Jim clapper and John
Brennan appeared on Jake Tapper's show
and shared their thoughts on this whole
debacle and here's what they had to say
take a look
Putin is committed to undermining our
system our democracy and our and our
whole process and and to try to paint it
and in any other any other way is I
think astounding and in fact poses a
peril to this country apart from that
something we don't think about too much
is the fact that the Russians are
embarked on a very aggressive
modernization of their strategic nuclear
forces to include a very capable and
scary counter interspace program they
only have one adversary in mind when
they do this and oh by the way the
Russians are an abject violation of the
INF treaty the intermediate nuclear
forces treaty so the Russians do not
harbor good intentions toward the United
States and there shouldn't be any
illusions or any ambiguity about that
and our present president fosters that
ambiguity yeah but does Trump Oh the
Russians money though okay because
that's in my opinion that is the heart
of this controversy
what are Trump's intentions what are the
possible conflicts of interest so look
if you let's just flip to the other side
because this is what I love doing and I
as a person who's empathetic you should
think about what if the shoes on the
other foot so if we had a Democratic
leader and and he said well well the
Russians have are in violation of all
these treaties and by the way the US
Congress has passed sanctions against
Russia and Trump now has gone for about
a month and a half and not impose those
sanctions he's just not doing it it's
unbelievable it's again it's almost as
if he owes the guy something right he
will not go counter to the wishes of his
boss almost under any circumstance but
anyway if you had a Democrat who came in
and the Russians are doing all this and
then the Republican former intelligence
guys go what look we're worried about
Russian interference and the Democrat
Obama Bernie
whoever goes and goes no no I trust
Putin I trust Putin completely he told
me twice and now I believe in me and I
believe in more than our own
intelligence guys cuz he's Putin I'd
look whoa that's really weird
Yeah right and I'd say wait wait wait
there's something wrong here right and I
think that the difference in response is
interesting here because you know if you
go back to Obama's administration we
were not kind to Obama we criticized him
where he deserved to be criticized when
that whole NSA leak came out with Edward
Snowden we were highly critical of him
we were highly critical when the
Affordable Care Act was being worked out
in Congress I mean it's just the right
thing to do it's not about party
identity it's about making sure that you
criticize your party and your candidate
when they're doing wrong and in this
case Trump is like completely immune to
criticism criticism from Republicans and
for those two guys clapper and and
Brennan that are in that segment I've
criticized over and over so I don't
trust them wholeheartedly I think that
they have been greatly misleading on a
number of issues including warrantless
wiretapping so I'm not a naive guy who
goes almost and intelligence guy he must
be telling the truth
right but to say that you just
unilaterally believe Putin over them
with no evidence just because Putin
wouldn't tell a lie I mean that's you
you might have mental issues so let just
quickly hear from john brennan and what
he has to say about trump getting played
by Putin at one point President Trump
said he thinks Vladimir Putin is
insulted by the suggestion and the
conclusion by the intelligence agencies
that Russia interfered in the u.s.
election what do you make of that is is
bringing up at Putin feels insulted well
I think mr. Putin is very clever in
terms of playing to mr. Trump's interest
in being flattered and also I think mr.
Trump is for whatever reason either
intimidated by mr. Putin afraid of what
he could do or what might come out as a
result of these investigations so it's
very worrisome and I think it sends a
worrisome
disturbing signal to our allies and
partners who are concerned about Russian
interference and their democratic
processes as well so it's either naivete
ignorance or fear in terms of what mr.
Trump is is doing visa vie the Russians
yeah I know it's over man they're gonna
get Trump he's he Putin is his boss
every interaction it's the clearest
thing I've ever seen in fact if a
lower-level employee did that to his
actual boss it'd be embarrassing
like you view all mr. Putin Europe of
course you're right mr. Putin and
especially a guy who's a bully who
bullies everyone else around he sees the
Russian leader and all of a sudden he's
the biggest cuck you've ever seen he's
like oh yes please Melania whatever you
want uh please please of course you're
right you're right about everything
right and what Brendon referred to there
is that hate is he afraid that Putin is
going to reveal something yes the former
head of the CIA okay the Russia's
definitely have Cobra mod on Trump and
and it seems like yeah Jeff there's no
way that Trump Bravo's like that unless
Putin has something on him that is
devastating Trump is not a groveler he's
a bully that's not what he does and so
when he gravels you know uh-oh that
guy's got something on him no no no all
right it's a little premature but but
hold for not coming soon enough like the
slow and steady drip is driving me crazy
so we'll see how this develops if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
