Roy Moore is running for Senate in
Alabama he's been accused now from five
different women of well way beyond
sexual harassment sexual assault in some
of the cases and to the women were
teenagers 16 and 18 he says yes he did
know them he did date them when he was
in his mid-30s and he did kiss them and
make out with them when one of them was
16 and he was 32 says yes oh well he
just likes beautiful young girls the new
person who came out today said he
started grabbing at her when she was 15
years old as a waitress and sexually
assaulted her you know in his car when
he was when she was 16 and he was in his
30s so sean hannity of course has been
vigorously defending this alleged child
molester remember the one thing more
denies is the 14 year old that says that
i groped her and i stripped her down to
her underwear and i took off all my
clothes and tried to get her to touch my
crotch know that god that's the wall i
mean i love beautiful little young girls
but that's the one young girl i don't
remember okay but hannity believes him
even though republican leadership now
says they believe the women okay but
hannity sticking by his man here watch
and this goes back to what you said do
people do it for money do they do a
pull-up political reasons how come is
that more common than people would think
oh definitely
I mean they'll do this for they will lie
to make money there are women that are
victims or predators there are there are
so all right very few far between how do
you know if it's true how do we what's
true what's not true how do you
ascertain the truth what happens when
it's 38 years later it's a serious topic
do people lie now we do have ten
commandments one of the commandments is
thou shalt not bear false witness we
know human beings break with regularity
the other nine Commandments they break
this one women have never been so
disappointing thanks the idea to me that
someone comes out what is it thirty
eight years later allegedly and is
suddenly remembering how terribly
traumatized she was if she was stood
right next to me now I would be saying
to her that's not good enough you've
taken this many years to remember how
upset you used to be that is not good
enough you are disappointing as a woman
I'm gonna tell you what people are gonna
say to you but feminists in particular
are you blaming the victim are you
doubting the victim that's what people
are gonna say yeah and immediately when
people say oh my god your victim blaming
your victim blaming immediately you're
supposed to lie down quake in your boots
like when people throw the term racist
about you know at me for no reason
you're supposed to lie down and go no of
course I'm not victim blaming well guess
what actually yes I am at this point
well good to know these are the people
that Hannity had on again and again
blaming the woman who at the time that
she was sexually assaulted was 14 years
old real class acts so a number of
advertisers are understandably aggrieved
that the show they're advertising on is
pro child molesters seemingly seemingly
to be fair to Sean Hannity he says he
doesn't believe that particular charge
he believes that Roy Moore dated 16 year
olds when he was 32 and that that's
awesome but not the 14 year old he
doesn't believe that one okay so
realtor.com and alec we have dropped out
and so is Keurig the coffee machine so
then his supporters started going nuts
so there they are those are the people
who cut advertising from Hannity's TV
and radio program so people started
smashing the Keurig machines and hannity
encouraged it he says so so funny in
regards to a video that was sent and
another one he says love it okay so what
does he love let's have a bit of fun and
show you I'll leave it at conservatives
destroying coffee machines
wait oh boy
oh look what I found
piece of okay look people
destroying things is always fun oh I get
the appeal of it I liked it in office
space
although when you get a guy with like
leave the board a fan coming around with
a bat I don't know that I love that one
okay
Hannity says deplorable friends I am
buying 500 coffee makers tomorr to give
away details on radio and TV hit best
videos look my guess is attacking former
advertisers is probably not going to
lead to a lot of future advertisers but
that's Shawn's call and you know and I
got mixed feelings about going after
folks advertisers because I want to give
them as much leeway as possible to say
terrible things so we know what they're
about okay and those folks apparently
his viewers think that yeah maybe more
didn't do it or maybe as some Alabama
Senate Republicans I'm sorry Alabama
Republicans have said state senators and
representatives and other officials in
Alabama they said what's the big deal
Mary and Joseph did it I mean it's okay
to you know and literally about the 14
year old Ziegler one of the guys that we
caught it on Friday's show was like even
if he did it I don't see the problem
okay I saw you guys for Family Values
like if that's your Family Values I get
it but at least now we know so now let
me give you a couple of more tweets here
so some people are going to a hashtag
boycott Keurig aren't these the same
people that boy how to Starbucks and
Netflix we all know how well that worked
out Sebastian rights and and I'm pretty
sure Netflix is still in business right
Netflix still doing well they're known
okay
yeah has anybody seen as Starbucks
around the corner at all oh right around
every corner around every corner right
okay so I love right-wing boycotts my
favorite was the the boycott of Disney
you probably didn't notice because no
one did because it's all Disney treats
it's gay employees the same way that it
tree
straight employees Wow Hey God you
street they're worse they're not the
same as us because we're really good
we're superior and absolutely no one
participated in that boycott this stock
continued to soar their theme parks were
not remotely affected and they went on
to take out even more ads in LGBT
publications so with the right-wing
boycotts never ever work and now cutting
off your coffee maker to spite your face
my guess is not going to work for Sean
Hannity so smash all the coffee you want
and I guess this is like the right-wing
reaction to anything me no like me smash
let's see how well that goes for Sean
Hannity tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick until he's out of money okay
but at least we know what they mean by
Family Values if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
