we know what's wrong with the Republican
Party they take donor money and they
give them tax cuts that's the whole
point of the Republican Party but
luckily recently they have made it
incredibly obvious Gary cone the top
economic advisor for Donald Trump said
in regards to tax cuts the most excited
group out there are big CEOs about our
tax plan yeah of course that's because
that's who you serve they're going to
get giant enormous tax cuts for their
companies which then they're gonna use
to buy back stocks and to increase the
bonuses that they get through their own
stock options okay but thank you for
admitting it we appreciated
representative chris collins republican
of new york has said my donors are
basically saying get it done or don't
ever call me again
again thank you very much for clearly
outlining the legalized bribery and
out-of-control corruption that we have
here in america and certainly within a
republican party Senator Lindsey Graham
from South Carolina has said the
financial contributions will stop if we
don't get the tax cuts in other words we
were always lying when we said we care
about the deficit this gonna add one and
a half trillion dollars to the debt we
were lying we don't care about the dead
oh the middle class no we're gonna raise
taxes on at least a third of the middle
class not only has independent groups
said that the Republicans have
acknowledged it so no no we're
increasing taxes on the rest of you to
get our donors tax cuts unreal
right and then finally Stephen law who
is working for the donors themselves
says donors would be mortified if we
didn't live up to what we've committed
to on tax reform he's actually a head of
the Senate leadership fund which helps
Mitch McConnell but I say he works for
the nose because he Donald funnels the
donor money to the Republican senators
so he is admitting they will be
mortified if they don't get their tax
cuts which is why they bribed the
Senators and the politicians in the
first place now in America we have an
insane system where the bribery is legal
you call it campaign contributions and
independent expenditures now don't worry
guys the Democrats of course are the
opposing party and they are going to
stand up to them
so here's Senator Chuck Schumer the
leader of the Democrats in the Senate
saying they're paymaster's if you will
the
hard right the Koch brothers all they
want to do is cut taxes they don't care
about the deficit they don't care about
the country they don't care about the
middle class they just want their taxes
reduced and they run the Republican
Party that now that is exactly right
super glad he said that
so now we're gonna go to a democratic
donor interesting Steven clew Beck he is
a CEO and he is in that millionaire
billionaire class but don't say that
does that'll make him very upset now we
know what the Republican Party's about
but let's find out what the Democratic
Party is about so here is one of their
top donors explaining is it the right
message that there were Democrats are
going with it's so f and wrong whoa I've
talked to Schumer I've talked to widen
I've talked to Pelosi and said what and
I said if you use the term building
again I'm done why because it's
aspirational I didn't start with
anything just penalize everyone that's
done well we all want to do well and we
should be the party of doing well we
should be a party of business and
leadership and it is very very
disturbing right here the billionaire
billionaire word and I told them just
stop it knock it off mm well now we see
where the donor class stands in the
Democratic Party
don't you even say the words a
millionaire a billionaire do you
understand your marching orders Chuck
Schumer that gave that fiery quote no no
no don't do that Nancy Pelosi and the
others know your role shut your mouth
cuz the millionaire and billionaire
class now are so arrogant that they'll
go on TV and go what did I buy these
guys for I bought them so they shut
their mouths when we talk about tax cuts
you can fight on other issues go ahead
and distract people with uh you know
other social issues cultural issues but
when it comes to tax cuts we will have
our cuts he says don't penalize us what
else talking about penalizing you we're
talking about whether you should get
another round of trillions of
and tax cuts and make the middle class
pay for it so if you thought it was just
a Republican party you've got another
thought coming you if you set up a
system where they are allowed to take
unlimited money from rich people and
from corporations both sides will take
unlimited money from rich people and
corporations now luckily not the whole
Democratic Party is like that I would
say 99.9% of the Republican parties at
the national level is completely corrupt
they will do whatever their donors
Helaman right now they're bragging about
it
the Democrats are closer to 80% it's a
rough estimation if you want to say it's
a little higher I'm not gonna argue with
you the problem is the system you cannot
allow for money in politics if you allow
private financing they will serve people
like Steve and glue Beck who privately
financed their elections you have that
public financing so they serve the
public interest this is so obvious what
the reason Democrats that would fight on
it is because they have the same donors
so let's find out a little bit about
klubecks
he gave well over 2 million dollars to
the Democratic Party last year alone
including a million dollar donation and
Hillary Clinton's super PAC Priorities
USA here's a little screen grab of the
million bucks that he gave to Priorities
USA Action that was their super PAC that
among other things attacked Bernie
Sanders for daring to talk about the
millionaire and billionaire class the
klubecks of the world came along and
said oh no no no I'm gonna give you a
million dollars so you penalize him make
him stop talking about the corruption
okay we're in charge here he goes on TV
and by the way Stephanie rules done
great job on other issues this was not
among them oh please get that this whole
the f-bomb and he's gonna curse again as
if he's a real curricular Joe I'm just a
regular Joe gives millions of dollars in
legalized bribes so Democrats and then
tell them to do whatever I told to do
otherwise they'll stop giving them the
bribes
spare me the goddamn act okay so here's
more from clue back then are you worried
that the Democratic Party is going too
far to the left so much so it drives me
nuts so much so it
make me quit party and I've made it very
clear I'll cut your money off and others
will do the same we've had enough okay
we do brands I can tell you that if we
go far left I'm out I'm out
we need middle ground so when you tell
the Democratic leadership this when you
meet with Wyden and Pelosi and Schumer
what do they say to you well so far
they've given me great signals that
they're willing to participate and get
there we shall see we shall see okay
first of all two words good riddance so
they're Democrats and their leadership
and the Democratic establishment in
elites they had to kiss this guy's ass
so when he says I'm out you better do as
you're told
now go go get okay okay no no we're not
left we're not left without progressives
oh wait we promise we'll do whatever you
want
mr. billionaire now Justice Democrats
say good effing riddance get the fuck
out you don't want to be part of the
party because you want to take all the
money from the middle class put it in
your pocket get the fuck out I don't
care about your money just as Democrats
don't take corporate money
and they don't take big donor money so
we don't care he's used to making all of
them he'll he goes on national
television and says we'll cut your money
off and and the other donors agree with
me and the pathetic Democratic
establishment heels about time to get
real progressives the uncorrupted you
don't take big donor money so you could
tell guys like this stuff
fuck off you're supposed to represent
your voters not your donors one more
from this prick I'm just as caustic and
arrogant and aggressive on the
Democratic side so you know Trump asked
Trump light but
I'm willing to fight for democratic
principles and I'm not gonna give up and
hopefully we'll get our shit together
oh yeah ggressive tough guy you know I
do lots of bribing yeah okay yeah all
right you guess who else fights we fight
okay and we don't think the democratic
principles you're talking about is more
money for millionaires and billionaires
we don't agree we don't agree we don't
think that the Trump tax plan where you
raise taxes on the middle class and give
it to the rich is a good idea
we think it's a miserable idea we
believe that a financial transaction tax
is both smart in regulating Wall Street
and regulating the risk-taking and also
provides excellent funding for education
and the American dream for the next
generation there are many things we
don't agree on we think that everyone in
the country should have Medicare where
you know look you want to have it your
lavish extra health care you have at it
man that is party capitalism I
understand that go nuts have your
private jets have your seventeen doctors
that's okay there's nothing wrong with
that we're talking about bare minimum
basic coverage yes everyone should have
that so they don't die in the street if
you don't agree with that get the hell
out of the party you're used to being
the boss you're used to being in charge
because as you said the Democratic
leadership is giving you great signals
well Steven we're gonna defeat that
leadership we're gonna bring in justice
Democrats and then nobody's gonna give a
shit what you think and then you can get
all aggressive all you want in your
goddamn corner and you can go vote for
Republicans like Trump all you want you
want to fight let's fight but no way do
I agree to this guy giving orders to
progressives on how they should help
Republicans with tax cuts our our answer
is fuck no did you understand that
Steven support independent media come
join us to the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
