Dianne Feinstein is being challenged in
her California Senate run she's 84 years
old she's been in the Senate for 25
years she's been in politics for nearly
half a century and she has not changed
with the times at all and she is of
course among her issues
not nearly aggressive enough in
challenging Donald Trump because part of
the establishment thinking is well the
most important thing in the world is to
be civil so let's be civil to one
another she had said a little while back
that hey you know what maybe Donald
Trump can learn and become a good
president after all now she didn't say
that before he took office or right
after he took office she just said it
just a little while ago I mean he has
been an absolute train wreck and
nonetheless she thinks well dude apply
baby you could turn around I have a
theory as to why she said that
but first Jake Tapper is going to
actually challenge her about that on
State of the Union let's watch the
beginning of that this week
Alison Hartson who is a 37 year old
Bernie Sanders supporter announced that
she's going to enter the race you're
already facing a challenge from state
Senate President Kevin de Leon their
argument is that you haven't helped
President Trump accountable and that
you're part of the problem in Washington
how do you respond well I respond that
there's a certain degree of unfairness
in that Wow Wow okay so first of all I
love that already the progressive
candidate is getting this establishment
Democrat to perhaps try to answer some
questions and hold her accountable so
complaining that your opponents are not
being fair is not very helpful or
productive so why are they not being
fair so have you gone after Donald Trump
no first of all you have agreed with him
a third of the time which is actually
among the higher totals in the among for
the among the Democrats in the Senate so
that's a pretty bad number you agreed
with some of us cabinet picks you still
think he could be a good press that's
unbelievable that she thinks he could be
a good president okay so what might be a
reason that she's not challenging Trump
what would I do if I was in her
situation well I would say well I mean
we got to talk about this guy's
corruption
he talked about how he was going to you
know go after the hedge funds and their
tax loopholes what we just had the tax
cut plan for example and it turns out no
Trump was lying he's not gonna go after
the the loophole that private equity and
hedge fund guys use at all Oh white one
of those guys is Dianne Feinstein's
husband but many of them are Dianne
Feinstein donors so you don't talk about
Donald Trump's corruption if you're
worried they're talking about his donors
will lead to talking about your donors
that's what's going on here so but
that's okay
look Tapper let her continue and she's
gonna get to explain to you guys what
the principle problem with Donald Trump
is because apparently progressives are
being unfair so she is going to stand up
for herself and say Trump is really bad
why is he really bad let's walk find it
what I said was in a Commonwealth speech
and his parts of it were excised from
the speech but what I said I hope in
these months he can learn and be end up
being a good president I don't think and
that was catastrophic for some people in
my state everybody sees what the flaws
in this president are there's no
question about it and that's why this
trip right now going on I think is
worthy so much attention can he actually
stay on script I watched his remarks in
Japan with respect to the military that
we're receiving him and I thought he did
a good job he stayed on script the
biggest problem Donald Trump has is that
he doesn't stay on script that's his
biggest problem
that's unbelievable I could list you
dozens of problems that Donald Trump has
I mean we you the absolute destruction
of the Environmental Protection Agency
the destruction of the Department of
Education and then taking out money and
giving it to extra spending and defense
contractors to be fair her husband got a
huge defense contract after Dianne
Feinstein voted for the Iraq war there's
a reason why Dianne Feinstein doesn't
want to bring up things that are
problems for Donald Trump how about the
tax cuts my god 80
cent of the tax cuts that Trump proposed
is going to go to the top 1% oh right
yes where Dianne Feinstein is in the top
1% that's where almost all of our donors
are in the top 1% do you know that
Dianne Feinstein voted for the Bush tax
cuts there's some chance she'll vote for
the Trump tax cuts I'm not kidding the
only reason she wouldn't do it is
because you were putting pressure on her
and we're putting pressure on her but
when there was no pressure and there was
and the internet had not grown to the
size that it is now and all she could
just go on TV and pretend to be
progressive she voted for the Bush tax
cuts for millionaires and billionaires
and guess what her own family got a
giant tax cut so given her own choices
we know which direction she'd go
that's why Alison Hartson and the just
Democrats putting a spotlight on Dianne
Feinstein is so important if you let her
be show vote for more war as she has
definitively done it is not a question
she will vote for war warrantless
wiretapping why is she not upset another
drone strikes where Trump is now killing
four times as many civilians as the
Obama administration did because she
generally likes drone strikes why is she
not complaining about the 17 billion
dollars they added in wasteful spending
to the Defense Department because she
agrees with extra spending for the
Defense Department part of which goes to
her family and it goes on and on so look
if you want to actually isn't it insane
that we have one of the most
conservative Democrats in the country
representing California one of the most
liberal states if you want an actual
progressive who's gonna run against her
go to just Democrats calm slash Alison
Alison hearts is running and find out
more about her do whatever you got to do
volunteer we tribute in any way you can
in my opinion because I don't know why
California as well the concern one of
the most conservative Democratic
senators in the whole country well the
most conservative Democratic politicians
of the whole country it's not an
exaggeration Bush tax cuts bush's iraq
war she doesn't believe in getting money
out of politics she has never fought for
it
never why cuz she's bathed in money she
brags
about how all the money that she has and
why progressives will never win against
her against medicare-for-all
against college for all she's for the
death penalty there's a chance that she
might be the most single conservative
Senator in in all the Senate joe
Manchin's really conservative he didn't
vote for the bush taxes or the rack war
I mean he wasn't in the set and I know
that I he I guess he would have voted
for um but I'm not positive he would
have voted for the tax cuts we don't
even know if Diane flies that he's gonna
vote against Trump's monstrous tax cuts
every time there was tax cuts for her
class that elite the top 1% she has
voted yes okay she's got to go she's got
to go California you must have a
progressive senator looking Al's at
hearts and if you support her great if
you don't find another candidate he
can't be Dianne Feinstein it is way way
past time for change just Democrats calm
slash Allison because that's exactly
what the Justice Democrats stand for
strong progressives we're gonna bring
you real change help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network calm slash join
