actress Ellen Page released a Facebook
post today detailing her own experience
with the sexual abuse and misconduct in
the entertainment industry in this
lengthy statement she calls out director
Brett Ratner for outing her on the set
of x-men The Last Stand she also calls
out a director that took her out to
dinner when she was 16 and fondled her
under the table it is a really long
statement I urge you to please read the
whole thing it was incredibly moving for
me to read and you just to get the full
context of what she's talking about but
here are some quotes I highlighted look
at the history of what's happening to
minors who described sexual abuse in
Hollywood some of them are no longer
with us lost to substance abuse and
suicide there victimizers still working
protected even as I write this you know
who they are
they've been discussed behind closed
doors as often as Weinstein was if I a
person with significant privilege remain
reluctant and such risks simply by
saying a person's name what are the
options for those who do not have what I
have let's remember the epidemic of
violence against women in our society
disproportionately affects low-income
women particularly women of color trans
and queer women and indigenous women who
are silenced by their economic
circumstances and profound mistrust of a
justice system that acquits the guilty
in the face of overwhelming evidence and
continues to oppress people of color she
also goes on to say that what we've done
so far in this day of reckoning in
Hollywood is not enough she wants to see
actions go further she says I've heard
the industry to cry Weinstein's behavior
and vowed to effect meaningful change
but let's be truthful the list is long
and still protected by the status quo we
have work to do we cannot look the other
way I did a Willie a Woody Allen movie
and it is the biggest regret of my
career when she sort of talks about what
she wants to see what is the growth of
the industry which is I think great
about the statement is that she talks
about the issues and then what she wants
to see changed she says I want to see
these men have to face what they have
done I want them to not have power
anymore I want them to sit and think
about who they are without their lawyers
their millions their fancy cars houses
upon houses their Playboy's status and
Swagger this is a long awaited reckoning
it must be it's sad that codes of
conduct have to be enforced to ensure we
experience fundamental human decency and
respect include
and representation are the answer so so
what I want to toss over to you she says
she says inclusion and representation
are the answer I agree do you absolutely
I think that what what is happening in
Hollywood right now is symptomatic of an
industry that hasn't traditionally had a
lot of women working behind the scenes
and in the higher ranks of a lot of
these studios and I think that if you
were to if you were to remedy that
situation the lack of inclusion and
diversity behind the scenes then I think
that you would see a lot of these
situations or at least I hope you know I
can't predict the future but at least I
hope that a lot of these situations
could be avoided because maybe if a
woman who has been victimized doesn't
feel comfortable talking to one of her
male colleagues about this maybe if
there were more female colleagues around
her she might feel more comfortable or
more safe explaining this sort of
situation to them now that doesn't mean
that women are that women haven't aided
and abetted these men they we know that
they have and some women have
facilitated these sorts of behaviors but
I wonder if we wouldn't see less of
these you know sexual misconduct pieces
if we had more women working behind the
scenes in Hollywood yeah so let's say
that in the in the scenario that she
explains when she was 16 she goes to
dinner with a male director and he
begins to fondle her right and and and
says and propositions her if there was
also a woman at the dinner would the
male director have been as outrageous or
what here maybe checked himself thinking
oh wait maybe she might not think it's
kosher maybe that'll get me in trouble I
don't know but he it's a it's a question
worth asking and for the guys who are
like oh she's talking about oh she's our
philosophies
her point is that they shouldn't then
take that they can have all the houses
in the world they want as long as
they're not sexually assaulting 16 year
olds and and so her point is about the
abuse of power and and I think that this
is and I've said this now many times
this is an amazing moment where women
are rising up and saying enough and what
you guys
and and maybe you didn't think it was a
big deal because you didn't see it
because it didn't happen to you but now
here we are we're telling you what
happened and and it's kind of happening
all at once because everybody's
gathering up the courage to finally come
out and and say their tales but it's not
okay to fondle a 16 year old under the
table and ask her to sleep with you and
and and then she's got other stories
about how a grip then sexually assaulted
her gripped is that is a particular kind
of job on a set and then how another
powerful man a director asked her to
sleep with another man in his late 20s
and to tell them about it
all of these propositions and and this
is the same thing that happens with
racism just because you don't see it
doesn't mean it doesn't happen so for a
second try to walk in their shoes you're
sixteen you just got to Hollywood and
you're trying to be an actor and this is
an amazing moment in a director asks you
to dinner and you're gonna make it you
feel fantastic and next thing you know
he's all over you how would you feel you
know so I'm just I'm so glad they're
coming out and and taking a stand and
calling it out what it is because this
is hopefully that it gets those powerful
guys to pause and to worry about what
might happen to them because that is
unfortunately what the only thing that a
lot of people care about the next time
they do this will I get out it great
great if they're about to do something
terrible
they should pause yeah you should worry
about and for so so long Hollywood has
sort of likened itself to be the beacon
of morality were so progressive were so
we're so accepting and this is the this
is the example that we should be setting
for the rest of the world and obviously
at the core it was rotten it wasn't good
and right now we're having this day of
reckoning and I think that that is good
because you need to weed out the people
that are that were encouraging this
toxic culture in this industry but what
I like about Ellen page's statement is
that she takes that she's like this is
what's going on in Hollywood but we know
that this is an epidemic of violence
against women in our society that
disproportionately affects and then she
takes it so it's more than
just in Hollywood yeah we're talking
about it because these are public
figures names that you've heard of
before but let's carry this over this
isn't the only industry that is rotten
that have been disproportionately affect
you know victimizing women and men with
you the abuse of power sexual misconduct
let's read all those rotten people out
because they have no business working if
you were gonna you know behave yourself
in that way the true test is gonna be
and I totally agree with you grace
before I move on I think we need to
address sexism and issues of sexual
misconduct and politics for one I mean
there are so many other industries that
sort of need that that cleansing that
purging but it's gonna be really
interesting to see how Hollywood
discusses this how they react to it how
what is the story that Hollywood will
tell the world come a ward season when
it's supposed to be all you know golden
statues and regalia and and Hollywood is
perfect as Hollywood gonna be honest
that is what needs to happen save me the
height of the you know high and mighty
political speeches if you can't get
honest about what is happening right
here so I think what connects Hollywood
in politics is positions of power and so
this is directly one of those issues
where people abuse the power that they
have for people that work under them or
that are trying to get positions Roger
Ailes and TV even before he was at Fox
News would have people lining up for
auditions to get on talk shows and he
said if you know if you don't sleep with
me or like undescribable acts etcetera
then you're not going to get make it on
to TV and so now this is Hollywood in
terms of movies the music industry might
be the worst of all and in in any
situation where you have a person that
can either make or break your career and
in unfortunately in media that is that
is very very true there's only a certain
number of movies that are made it's only
so number of TV jobs that are out there
certain number of people who make it in
the music industry and you put powerful
men into those positions sometimes
powerful women but in these cases been
much more men and and they prey not just
on women but also on men
depending on their proclivities you give
them that kind of power then you have to
be really really careful and if you're
not careful this is what happens and for
decades and decades we were not remotely
careful so at when Simone talks about
cleansing out people of course we're not
talking about all men or all people in
power we're talking about the bad actors
bad guys the bad guys who are using a
position of power and abusing it for
their own you know pleasure and and etc
and preying on women and men to do that
and yes we absolutely positively have to
clean that out so that people make it on
their own merit and not on on this
nonsense and so you don't have all these
victims who by the way and almost all
the stories are scarred for the rest of
their lives and and we only find out
about it now so that lasts with them
forever if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
