why is Tiffany's selling $1,000 tin-can
I don't know let's get into it the
iconic jeweler recently announced a new
luxury home and accessories collection
of everyday objects the line was born
out of the notion that beautiful things
should not be limited to special
occasions Tiffany said I think that what
makes the collection unique is that it
incorporates the best quality
craftsmanship and design with a level of
functionality that allows you to use
these things every day added Reed
Krakoff
Tiffany's chief artistic officer now
what some analysts are saying is that
they they need Tiffany's needs to create
a little bit of buzz surrounding the
brand and that they need to increase
foot traffic into their stores and
attract some Millennial shoppers so this
is a little bit of a publicity stunt we
have some of the photos of these
expensive items I want to toss do we
have a bird's nest is one of the things
that's on that list so there you go
there's a million bucks let me see how
much now it's a $10,000 bird's nest we
also have a protractor that is a $425
protractor and then there is the $1,000
tin can and then a there's a $9,000 ball
of yarn that you can't even play with do
not give that to your cat so yeah so
they're expanding their accessory line
and they're gonna have more than 1,280
items ranging in prices from $25 to
$10,000 and that is just a taste of what
they have on there please check out the
full website I did earlier it was wildly
entertaining I see a Christmas guys yes
Simone Craigslist I I don't wanna ruin
the surprise here but I got you the
protractor I just figured that you could
use a nice so bad at math and that's why
I need it it's funny because we did it
we did a Secret Santa for a happy
holiday party or Merry Christmas or
whatever you want to call it Fox News go
nuts last week
I mean last year and Tim fresh was my
Secret Santa the head of editors here
and he got me the the rock that from
Nordstrom yes the North Rim rock that
retailed at $85 why do I know that
because we did a story on it and he
thought it was really funny so he got me
the Rakhi it's still sitting on my table
so that's why I don't need $2,000
tympanum okay I love the story it makes
me happy for two reasons number one you
know I have mm a decent amount of this
thing for the fashion industry stories
like this prove me right it never it
nothing meant it's not real it's just BS
everything is like oh I do to guys so
beautiful other people and then they
agree it's a thousand bucks
it's BS total BS the whole industry is
nothing but BS okay go ahead and hate me
and then secondarily I like that people
who are willing to spend nine ten
thousand dollars on a nest egg are
losing ten thousand dollars
those are exactly the kind of people who
I don't want to have more money I agree
it's funny how off base these companies
are when they try to market to
Millennials like I don't know a
millennial that would pay a thousand
dollars for a tin can it's kind of like
when Applebee's tried to blame
Millennials for their decline in sales
saying that Millennials aren't
interested in over processed fatty
greasy junky foods well yeah that's
probably true because we woken up and we
want to be healthy yep yeah let's go
that's all I god that's all that's
literally all I got they call it a
modern luxury experience I call this a
lot of horseshit if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
