another of Donald Trump's federal
judicial nominees was approved by the
Senate which even a year after the
election I can't believe the sentence
that I have to say but we're gonna push
on this guy wasn't qualified for the
position but he wasn't just like normal
Trump and not qualified for the position
he really really wasn't qualified for
the position
Brett J tally had never tried a case and
was unanimously rated not qualified by
the American Bar Association's judicial
rating committee which that is not the
first time that's happened was one of
their guys but he had never even tried a
case practice law for three years and as
a blogger last year denounced Hillary
rotten Clinton and pledged support for
the National Rifle Association this guy
doesn't have any experience in it most
recently you know I don't even know when
the law was apparently he went to
Harvard Law School at some point
practice law for three years but most
recently he appears to be at least a
blogger possibly an author as well we're
gonna show you some of the the graphics
and a bit of his books which are
interesting but he tweeted things about
Hillary rotten Clinton he talked about
you know a war on guns and things like
that
said that Hillary Clinton should be in
jail I don't understand where this guy
comes from to be nominated in the first
place but these these committees in the
Senate are designed to stop this sort of
person from taking that seat and and the
reason is that it's not just again this
is not like a small thing where for a
year this guy is a problem Donald Trump
said at one point talking about the
successes he's having the judge story is
an untold story nobody wants to talk
about it but when you think of it Mitch
and I were saying that has consequences
40 years out depending on the age of the
judge but 40 years out because as I
alluded to before Donald Trump was
elected when I tried to convince people
that you can't simply give the country
over to fascists for a few years and
everything will be hunky-dory even if
Trump is impeached tomorrow or even if
he loses in his re-election bid there
are going to be dozens or possibly
someday hundreds of judges sitting on
the bench for 5 10 30 50 years
theoretically yeah so there's two
different issues here one is this guy
and others what the Republicans have
done with judges overall and there's
some
really telling stats on that we're gonna
share with you in a second so first on
this guy look I actually don't care that
he you know wholeheartedly supports the
National Rifle Association he prays for
them etc I think this whole idea the
judge is pretending they don't have
political opinions as a joke they do
just they should just be honest about it
it's preposterous when Gorsuch goes out
there and says Roger political babies
are I just having a rule in favor of
corporations the right wing in every
single case I would say there's
expressing support for the NRA and then
saying after Sandy Hook Obama says he
wants tighter background checks and he
starts blogging about how this is a war
to take every gun away from every
American
that's not nice support this
organization this is a fairly extreme I
would say crazy position okay you want
to disagree with this political
positions but pretending that he doesn't
have them is stupid so it drives I'm
crazy
drives me crazy when liberals do it when
conservatives do it now that the
extremeness of his positions you're
absolutely right about because one of
the commenters on his blog which is his
main qualification for the federal judge
position anyway said that they don't
want to become an ambassador based on my
tumblr he's won no this is a this is
someone who was a commenter he said we
will have to resort to arms if our other
rights are taken away like meaning that
we will pick up arms against the
government and commit violence and and
Talley responded I agree completely with
this so I'm not sure guy should be a
federal judge if he has agreed in the
past with taking up arms against the
United States government and perhaps
killing people yeah that's what it means
to take up arms against the government
by the way if you're not clear on that
so that could be a disqualifier because
of how insane he's been in the past now
in terms of his qualifications let's be
fair so he went to University of Alabama
good school went to Harvard Law School
obviously that's terrific he clerked for
two federal judges so not bad and he was
a speechwriter for Mitt Romney okay
those are all fine but he hasn't tried
any cases at all he's been a lawyer for
only three years even though he's 36
okay that's okay to get into later in
your life nothing wrong with that but
you want obviously a little bit more
qualification than I've been
lawyer for a couple years without ever
going to court I think he was in court
once actually he didn't take a case to
court but he appeared in court was I
have appeared in court more than he
asked yeah okay well maybe you'll be
next
right by the way as a lawyer too
although not exclusively okay not
exclusively so so how in the world did
he get how did this blogger with no
experience in the courtroom I get I get
this incredible position well here's the
protege of Republican Senator Luther
Strange and the Senators love to appoint
people who were their interns or worked
for them at some point and and that's a
well-known thing and not only that he
dictated it
Talya this year when Attorney General
Jeff Sessions also from Alabama went and
became Attorney General tally took a job
in the Justice Department's Office that
selects judicial nominees yeah so oh I
got a great idea there's this wonderful
blogger in Alabama barely seen the
inside of a courtroom but buoyed make a
great federal judge well will you look
at that it happens to be me so that's
partly how he got the job and so this is
gonna be I apologize if it turns out
tomorrow this isn't totally accurate we
were we were working until literally we
went live to try to confirm this but
there's very little information about
this guy he's written some editorials
that I read you know it's the standard
you know ideological stuff you'd expect
and he apparently isn't just a blogger
you know apparently as an author as well
and so everything that we've found
implies that this is the same Brett J
Talley same age the pictures looking too
identical but if you bring up this last
graphic you're gonna see he apparently
has written some books as well
apparently fairly well received horror
novels and I'm a little bit disturbed
that going by the leftmost one he's also
a fan of the Cthulhu Mythos he's
apparently writing loved craft
fanfiction and apparently doing quite
well why haven't I had time to look over
these books yet but I really think
people should because there's got to be
some amazing aluminium stuff in there at
least that means the right creative
decisions exactly
I couldn't find anyone else talking
about that like you try to find
iteration on the first thing it comes up
or these books well but nobody's talking
about it speaks to a larger problem that
we have as much I saw I praised the
meeting in the last segment not here I'm
gonna go bash the media but I think this
is a larger contextual problem that we
have with the media and I think this is
everything to do with the fact that
Donald Trump whether you like him or not
is a marketing genius and he's figured
out too how to rope the media into this
little blush and rinse cycle that he has
that he has them in right where it's
like I'm gonna tweet look if there's the
fire meanwhile back at the ranch all of
his cabinet ate because it's a cabinet
level so he's clearly was pushed by
justice obviously but if all the cabinet
agencies in Washington where I reside
these cabinet secretaries and their
plebeians and there's you know their
appointees they're literally shredding
regulation what I mean shredding
regulation they have paper shredders and
like Obama's names on it shred that
shred it fast and nobody's covering it
right like Betsy DeVos for example I
know that's not the same topic was she
repealed 71 different special education
regulations in one day and nobody
covered it nobody talked about it cuz I
like Oh Donald Trump tweeted cut that
thing and that is the news story of the
day I would argue nobody it's not true
you should well what would I say
mainstream media and I think this is
everything to the fact that Donald Trump
has figured out how to fool them while
all these things are happening I'm gonna
put all these judges up nobody's gonna
pay attention to it because they're
gonna be focused on me and Asia saying
crazy things about little Rocketman
while my my my administration is doing
really really bad things of the American
people and this is an example of it so
last thing about this particular guy the
as I think John alluded the American Bar
Association has I love this you Navin
unanimously rated him not qualified they
did everything they could did not
include not remotely qualified so you
get a sense of it now it's a larger
issue the Republicans did
record-breaking obstruction during Obama
in this last two years they only
approved 22 justices in two years so to
give you a sense of how out of whack
that is the Democrats in Bush's last two
years when they were in charge approved
68 so that is triple the number there
so when Trump got an office there was a
hundred vacant seats which is an
incredible number of him that means that
a lot of cases were backlogged justice
was delayed and sometimes deny but the
Republicans didn't mind that because
they were playing political games
including with of course with the
Supreme Court seat and and and so this
is at 22 was the lowest number since
1951 and 1952 now in one year Trump has
nominated 59 people and the Republicans
have said clear sailing they all voted
as a bloc on all of them to approve so
22 and two years 59 and one year that is
record-breaking obstruction and to
Rich's point they the media just grazes
past it now it's in the articles of some
paragraphs 17 in some of the articles
but you don't turn on cable news and
when and you see that the Republicans do
have structure more than Democrats what
you see is 50/50 well golly gee I
remember doing the Obama here's we can't
tell who's responsible for the
obstruction it could be the Republicans
or it could be Obama no it was clearly
definitely definitively factually the
Republicans and so this is uneven
battlefield that drives me crazy so if
the Democrats get control of Congress
again and there's a Republican president
up stray should block every single
judicial nominee every one of them a
chance no no chance no okay and so you
you want to say there's only gonna be
twenty two and two years under Obama
when there should have been a hundred
and twenty two no problem maybe we let
to through in two years in the last two
years of Trump or Prince or whoever it
is let's go get the Senate so we can
block all their judges because I'm tired
I'm tired of the Democrats complaining
that things aren't fair then turning
around and giving the Republicans
everything they want and then when the
Democrats are in charge they get nothing
progressives are tired of it
the country is tired of it so all right
to a play of that game until we fix the
goddamn system I complete I couldn't
agree more I think the one thing I will
never forgive Barack Obama for was that
he let them get away with stealing
Merrick garland seat I think the mistake
he made was he didn't make a recess
appointment he should have reached
I wouldn't recess appointed Merrick
garland if it were me I would have found
a disabled lesbian black woman and I
would put her on the court and I went to
Mitch McConnell drove down to Capitol
Hill I would have walked into Mitch
McConnell's office said I dare you I beg
you please remove her off the court
let's have some fun yeah well you know
that's a great point
be like hey listen you're not approving
Mary Girling no problem just go to
recess and we'll see how it turns out oh
look at that Cornel West is on the
Supreme Court cases we could hear okay
but the Democrats never do that which
gives the Republicans an unfair
advantage and then when it comes to the
media nine out of ten times they go I
don't know I guess it's all even it's
not even if you like this video you love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
