now let's talk about Flint because
something happened recently with the
mayor actually bigger than the mayor
actually the mayor was just re-elected
last night she was recalled by angry
residents she was re-elected this seems
to be some complaints about shenanigans
so we'll see about that I haven't
verified whether there were or not
bigger picture than that so if you
remember we spoke about a week or two
ago there was a state basically a state
official head of urban initiatives that
testified in one of the trials going on
right now 13 state officials have been
charged in the Flint water crisis he
testified that governor Snyder
he told Governor Snyder about the
Legionella outbreak which killed 12
people
Legionella a bacterial infection and
disease that came from the toxic water
switch this guy said no I told him in
December 2015 on a phone call Snyder
said he first knew about it January 2016
he told that in front of Congress so he
might have perjured himself well the
same guy literally just came forward and
said oh no I told him in the summer of
2015 about the high lead levels and the
citizen concerns Snyder has in front of
Congress and in front of the people of
Flint said he was first made aware of
the high lead levels the end of 2015
early January 2016 why that's important
is they did they switched the water in
October they switched the water back to
Detroit which was not that's not toxic
so basically what you have here he
perjured himself in front of Congress
you at least the head of the response
Snyder had appointed this official to
head the Flint water crisis response
says on two separate occasions I told
him about the high lead water high lead
in the water I Legionella
which killed people way before Snyder
said publicly to Congress he knew
nothing is being done
Congress Elijah Cummings who's on the
House Oversight Committee said oh I
might look into this nothing so far his
people won't get back to me and you have
the Attorney General of Michigan who I
don't know how this is possible Jimmy
Attorney General in charge of the water
investigation he has been at the press
conferences announcing people that have
in charge he is also running to be
governor on the Republican ticket so he
has not brought you would think oh if it
just came out in a sworn testimony in
public that the governor lied now twice
this guy has said it lied twice and
perjured himself in front of Congress
maybe I would want to bring the governor
and his people in for questioning
hasn't done that possibly because he
doesn't want to piss off those
Republican donors that he's trying to
get money from because he's running for
governor now I think it's super
important because beyond Flint if
there's no accountability at the top of
Flint I mean this just continues I know
they want accountability for Russia and
all these things but I think it's
important to find accountability for the
governor of a state that poisoned its
people and I think it has ripple effects
for other states with environmental
catastrophes so so far it's come out
twice that he perjured himself he has
not been brought in for questioning
nothing has been done so I just want to
thank you by the way for that
information know people will not be held
to talk good the governor Snyder will
not be held accountable for this if he
was gonna be Barack Obama shoulda did it
and he did it so if Barack Obama wasn't
gonna do it you sure as hell is ain't
gonna be Trump and Jeff Sessions okay
and it gonna be another Republican
Attorney General inside Michigan it's
not going to happen so again we have law
and order for poor people and we have a
complete complete anarchy for everybody
else so we're living in a lawless
society right now and so when Barack
Obama goes to Italy and wags his finger
that half the country is in voting and
this is what you get when you don't vote
no this is what we get cuz we did vote
we voted for you twice and we got this
anyway okay and you didn't do a goddamn
thing about it Barack Obama completely
left let let us down and of course
Trump's letting us down we didn't expect
him to care about poor black people we
expected Barack Obama to care about poor
black people turns out he didn't didn't
give a shit about them in fact he was a
hundred percent corrupted so um go ahead
I got it I got to tell you I think you
know obviously trunk was a kind of a the
wrong answer but an answer to the people
not listening the politicians not
listening to especially those Rust Belt
people that had their
sent offshore but they're still not
listening because whether it's a
Republican and Schneider is being
protected literally Schneider has
charged the state residents Flint
residents Michigan residents have paid
upwards of 12 million dollars for his
criminal defense fund and the other
people charged many people including a
former Michigan judge just came out
saying no wonder nobody is gonna flip on
Snyder that has been charged the state
is paying their legal bills but you go
from Flint to now st. Louis ty and I
obviously were arrested there literally
last night prop 8 which basically was a
ballot measure to give the police there
a race so it's a half half percentage
sales tax to give the police which have
been murdering black people for 50 years
there may be more and just murdered
another unarmed black person that we've
talked about on the show they just got a
raise from a Democratic mayor the
Democratic mayor pushed this to give the
police a raise as I say I don't condemn
all police but I can't tell you because
I wasn't say Louis and I'll be back
there those police at this moment do not
deserve a raise and it's middle-class
people paying police more to basically
terrorize murder
black people yeah so yeah the police in
America are not there to protect you
okay let's just keep that there dare to
get their jollies they're there to
influence this corporate state and
that's what they're doing so Matt and if
you don't believe me watch next time
there's someone protests a corruption in
America you see what see who see who
shows up to crack their heads open Union
cops okay and they arrested they arrest
journalists in st. Louis all as a matter
of course they brutalize them and and
then of course there's lots of racial
slurs and whatever when you get put in
the lockup correct Jordin racial sir's
homophobic slurs putting transgender
people in solitary confinement I want to
be fair I don't even think that's
confined just the st. Louis I've heard
horror stories and other places this is
just what I could report that I saw that
night
so yeah it's happening and I think it's
almost like I think they've been allowed
to do this whether it's politicians with
the corruption and police with the
brutality they've allowed been allowed
to operate
this way for so long because the media
doesn't really challenge the powerful in
this country that is qura√≠an by and
large and that's the that's the most
glaring thing I get when I'm in the
field at these places there's no media
presence even when there are reporters
at these press conferences there they're
just there to kind of like make their
deadline turn around their video package
and go home there is no one truly
challenging the account the powerful
weather in let's unless it's like live
streamers on a shoestring shoestring
budget The Young Turks Democracy Now you
is really no there's no on-the-ground
notable reporters that you would know
their names
doing that and it's scary because we are
the public's last defense if the
politicians won't do anything to hold
people accountable and I'm not seeing
that
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
