Arizona Senator Jeff Flake has decided
to step up his attacks against sitting
president Donald Trump and this week
said that Donald Trump is not normal
specifically Donald Trump's behavior in
calling for the DOJ to investigate his
political opponents is not normal
flake is not alone here senators Lindsey
Graham and bob Corker have also come
forward and criticized the president for
his decision to attempt to use the
Department of Justice for his own
political ends to take out his political
enemies or at least his former political
enemies because none of the people that
he once investigated are actually
running for office some of them are even
ineligible from ever running for office
again but that hasn't stopped Donald
Trump the sour grapes president from
wanting to go after Hillary Clinton
because he's still pissed off that she
got more than three million more votes
than he did in the popular vote in 2016
but Jeff Flake has become more vocal in
his criticisms about Donald Trump ever
since announcing last month that he
would not be seeking re-election in 2018
and that he would be retiring several
other Republicans have joined him and
saying they will not be running again
and have been using the time since then
to also criticize the president so what
is it about not having to run for office
again that suddenly makes Republicans
grow a spine why are these people not
speaking out and then saying you know
what I'm still going to run I want to
rebuild the Republican Party I want to
make it great again basically no they
won't do that they won't stand up to
Donald Trump they are afraid of him
Flake knows now that he can speak out
because he's got nothing to worry about
he doesn't have to go back and face his
alt-right constituents that support
Donald Trump he can say what he actually
feels what most Republicans in d.c
actually feel and that's the kind of
person we actually should be listening
to the person with nothing to lose
the person who doesn't have to run again
those are the ones that are going to be
honest and right now Jeff Flake is being
100% honest when he tells us that Donald
Trump's behavior is
not normal because not only would it be
you know a gross breach of at least
ethics possibly even the law for Donald
Trump to direct his Department of
Justice to investigate Democrats it's
also a complete smoke show there is
nothing that the Democrats need to be
investigated for I'm sorry Republicans
but uranium wrote one fusion GPS
those aren't crimes I don't know what
you're trying to find there you want to
waste tax dollars money and time you
know what screw it go ahead and do it
make it another Benghazi where you waste
everybody's efforts for years and years
and years only to find out oops nothing
there because at this point I am sick
and tired of hearing it you want to
launch an investigation launch an
investigation and move on with your damn
lives you can't get over the fact that
your guy lost the popular vote so you
still want to go after Democrats for
made-up crimes that only you care about
but that is exactly what Donald Trump is
doing and that is what Jeff Flake
Lindsey Graham bob Corker and a few
others are trying to come out and say
you know what this isn't normal and that
should be a warning to every American in
this country if Republicans are willing
to come out and say that the guy that
you support is not normal
shouldn't you maybe start to look at him
through different lenses shouldn't you
maybe look at him and say you know what
maybe this isn't normal maybe this guy
is a little unhinged maybe he's a little
psychopathic or sociopathic or whatever
Pathak you want to choose but the bottom
line is that Jeff Flake is a hundred
percent right Donald Trump is not normal
and we cannot let this become the new
normal for the United States thanks for
watching and if you like what you see
here on ring a fire we encourage you to
subscribe to our Channel you can see the
little subscribe button down there but
if you're watching it on another device
where you can't see it go to youtube.com
slash the Ring of Fire hit subscribe be
notified every time we get a new video
