if you're a peasant like me and not
verified on Twitter don't hold your
breath because Twitter has paused their
verification requests after criticism
surrounding Jason Kessler here's a
little bit of what we're talking about
Twitter is pausing all general
verification requests the company
announced Thursday the decision comes
days after Twitter verified Jason
Kessler the organizer of the unite the
right rally in Charlottesville that
resulted in the death of counter
protestor Heather hire now Twitter has
commented on this publicly they said
from Twitter support verification was
meant to authenticate identity and voice
but it is interpreted as an endorsement
or an indicator of importance we
recognize that we have created this
confusion and need to resolve it we have
paused all General General verifications
while we work and will report back soon
the Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey also
commented on Twitter using the 280
characters damn you he says quote we
should have communicated faster on this
yesterday our agents have been following
our verification policy correctly but we
realized some time ago the system is
broken and needs to be reconsidered and
we failed by not doing anything about it
working now to fix faster now Twitter
was all abuzz commenting on what they
think should be the solution to
verification leading into a validation
one response that I want to read and
then get a response from you at Hasan
the hun is if verification were really
intended to authenticate identity an
easy solution to this would be verifying
all real users identities with blue
checkmarks would be a direct solution to
Twitter's BOTS problem to which we know
that Twitter has a major bot problem so
at Hassan the hon we've decided we're
only going to be referring to each other
also Hasan D piker on Instagram short a
story about Twitter but all sure you are
you are very active on Twitter I am well
aware verified and incredibly active all
right so how can we distinguish
verification from validation so here's
what the thing is um Twitter is already
known to be a company in chaos and
basically being held up by it's like
being held up on this little ledge by
Donald Trump
sometimes Kanye West then just a bunch
of Nazis regularly tweeting about dumb
shit right
so now
back in the news because of all the
Russia's stuff there's a bunch of bots
on the platform the platform is a mess
okay in general and this is an avid user
but a while ago Twitter quietly decided
to change its verification protocols to
verify everyone so that what that person
is suggesting actually is Twitter policy
they were originally going to verify
anyone and everyone who could provide an
identification it was supposed to be
validation to show that this is indeed a
real person now
they kind of paused that and went back
to the old protocol I guess and I think
this is that like middle of the ground
approach that they are famous for for
not really dealing with a problem and
just kind of leaving things undone and
just because look the reality is once
they unverified Milo innopolis who is
now fully suspended and fully banned
from the platform once they did that it
showed to everyone that verification was
more than just validation because Milo
innopolis didn't change identities he's
still fucking Milo innopolis but because
they had unverified him because of his
frequent abuse and misuse of the
platform yeah obviously they care about
the blue checkmark more than just
identification is what I'm trying to say
so there needs to be probably two
different tools of verification one one
sort once that verification is that
you're a real person and then another
one if you're a person of you know
notoriety I guess it sounds kind of
weird if you're like a public figure
yeah I'm honored to get that set are you
verified on Twitter
let's not rub it in grace I am NOT Mark
T Live continues to be a person of the
people i'm matty live at mark t live
sorry dude I am checklist I you know you
always get these different things send
them there send them that it's a fox
when I was working a nightly at Fox was
trying to get me verified and you said
they had a kind of protocol but right in
the middle of that whole procedure they
pulled the general protocol and made it
something else so I'm kind of with the
sound oh and the fact that you're gonna
have to come up with two different kinds
of verifications if you're serious about
this verify that everybody is a real
person and then set those people apart
in a dif
kind of verification who are of a higher
profile public people that way we know
that the tweets that claim to be from
them are them you know end of end of
problem yeah there's a one Twitter user
said it won't be seen as an endorsement
if you start checking the average Joe by
that I mean you should have a more
streamlined an automatic process
requiring an ID card look at what key
base i/o is doing so is that sort of
what I'm hearing from you guys on the
panel we there needs to be a two-fold
identity or verification process one
that's just for identity and one that is
sort of separate for public figures they
do that as they say in it with a lot of
difference I think PayPal does it if you
in certain ways if you want to set up a
PayPal account you have to send them a
photo ID and it has to be clear that you
are who you say you are yeah I mean it
makes sense financial transactions I
think they do it on bumble - don't ask
me I know you think you know that you
think they do I think I think they do
that damn I'm just giving free plugs
away today Hasan D piker is my Instagram
everybody gentlemen assigned to hone on
twitter hassan ii piker on instagram
mark t live on oh yeah yeah I'm mark
Tom's video verified Jack what are you
doing if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
