although the bill isn't currently public
we are getting some idea today of what
the Senate Republican tax bill might
actually include and how it might be
different from the House version we've
been breaking down all the components
and the consequences if that house
version does become law let's find out
about the Senate version more generally
first though
Gary cone had an interesting revelatory
moment in the media we're gonna get to
that in one second first though let's
jump back to late September of this year
where he's being asked about this tax
bill and what it is likely to include
and what effects it's likely to have or
not have wealthy Americans are not
getting a tax cut we have designed a tax
plan that is stimulus for the economy
where we are giving tax cuts to middle
and lower-income Americans we want
everyday hardworking Americans but the
wealthy get a tax cut or not the wealthy
are not getting a tax cut under our plan
so they're not getting attached to
another plan then the plan comes out
they're getting almost all the tax cut
under the plan and so let's find out how
he responds to reality
you're not saying as you did a few weeks
ago that the wealthy do not get a tax
cut under your plan and saying there's
there's unique situations for everyone
out there everyone has their own story
it's not our intention to give the
wealthy a tax cut but they are getting
one I don't believe that we set out to
create a tax cut for the wealthy if
someone's getting a tax cut I'm not
upset that they're getting a tax cut I'm
just upset that you know that they're
getting upset about that what a clever
little bit of wriggling away he didn't
bail well with thee it wasn't our
intention right but it was a great thing
once you said it wasn't our intention
you can say anything yeah because you're
not even talking about the legislation
anymore yeah it's like did you cheat on
me no okay yes but everyone has a story
about the way that I'm cheating on you
it's really interesting and I'm not mad
about it it wasn't my intention to cheat
on you but damn she was hot so then once
it happened I was like I didn't mean for
it to happen but I'm not upset that
it wasn't my intention yeah and so it's
very clear obviously if you pay
attention to this American public
generally knows that this is designed to
enrich individuals it's in particular
design to enrich large corporations
perhaps even more than wealthy
individuals although it's good for them
as well but let's turn now to some of
what we're finding out about the Senate
version of the bill so Senator Bill
Cassidy said that no we're actually
we'll hold off one second there that
while the House version of the bill
drastically slashes the corporate tax
rate like almost in half basically just
huge cuts that they would have never
dreamed they could have had a few years
ago starting next year they're going to
have it start the year after and there's
a couple of reasons that they might be
wanting to do that I mean one might be
that that will moderate how much it adds
to the deficit in the short term that
can make it look not as bad but perhaps
more importantly 2019 is after 28 2018
is notable for some reason and after
Tuesday they're terrified and so maybe
that that might be one reason that
they're modifying it I also said that
the individual mandate will not be
repealed as part of the Senate tax
overhaul proposal
I love how just those random seemingly
unrelated things like wait was that on
the table why are you including that
there oh we're not going to be drilling
in the Arctic Wildlife Refuge as part of
this tax yeah well the thing is and
after the individual mandate is a part
of a plan to appear they're gonna say
well it wasn't our intention mandate but
I mean everything has a different kind
of circumstance each person has
different health care need but we
repealed it because we didn't mean to
but I'm not mad that we did you're not
mad no okay let's see oh my god so I
came across this this morning and so
we've been talking about some of the
deductions they get rid of in the plan
and some of them are just so spiteful
like taking away like if you move for a
job you could have deducted some of that
they want to take that away from you if
you pay interest on student loans which
everybody has basically you they're
taking away that deduction then there
was also like from the pro-life party
they were taken away the deduction if
you adopt the child
and so Democrats proposed an amendment
to restore that adoption tax credit and
in return to even things out the
corporate tax rate wouldn't have dropped
to 20% it would have dropped it to 20
point zero four percent and the
Republicans were like go to hell and
they voted against it
their quote is saying you can kiss point
zero four percent of my ass that's how
much they're willing to screw over
people who are adopting they're flipping
off orphans four point zero money thirty
one thirty five to 20 because that's
huge it's great oh my god goodness and
this is point oh four yeah for me
there's four hundred sort of percent so
what is but for a second let's just
think about that what was behind that
was that pure partisanship why would you
not be for granting that tax credit to
families that are adopting children I
mean it's and as John says you know it's
such a small percentage I mean I mean
it's a minuscule percentage what's going
on there there's that pure party
politics could just be arrogance they
believe that they don't need it got it
if they think they can get it through
why not get everything go no they won't
maybe they're wagering that if they
can't get everything they want right now
maybe wait I can't imagine that they
think they're gonna get more seats next
year right no they work for corporations
corporations were about every penny you
know you don't pay a bill down to its
last penny they're gonna come for you
because it's a machine it's just a
calculator so they work for a machine of
calculating the extreme amounts of money
they can possibly get so they go down to
that much that point zero four percent
is a lot because we work for a machine
yeah they do if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs joy
