Apple is obviously an absolutely massive
corporation and so the benefits that
they get hypothetically from any form of
tax avoidance or tax cuts can also be
potentially quite massive now this week
because of a combination of both the
release of the Paradise Papers which
we've reported on earlier this week and
the work of TYT investigates we've got
some ways that Apple is currently
bending the rules to save themselves
absolutely tremendous amounts of money
without those savings apparently ever
being passed on to either America in
general or to people like you in
particular some might call this a con
job
okay so let's jump into this now you
might have heard in the news over the
past couple of days that Apple got in a
lot of trouble because they had been
harboring a lot of their money in
Ireland which had much more favorable
tax rates so back in 2014 the European
Union investigated apples activities a
year after the US didn't didn't do too
much about it and ordered them to pay a
significant amount of money fourteen
point five billion dollars in back taxes
so based on the documents leaked in the
Paradise papers Apple apparently asked
the bermuda based law firm Apple B the
the core of these papers what different
offshore jurisdictions have to offer
when Ireland changes tax laws in 2015
the year after those fines
it gave companies operating out of the
country like Apple the right to continue
their arrangements until December 2020
that gave Apple enough time to begin
processing the changes in residency if
its two biggest subsidiaries that were
in Ireland at that time to Jersey an
island which had eliminated corporate
taxes with a few exceptions
back in 2008 wow that sounds like a
great situation there now Apple has said
that 70% of its profits come from
outside the US which is plausible they
sell phones all over the place and other
things it's foreign tax rate typically
falls between two to five percent in the
u.s. it would have been significantly
higher until the Republicans get done
devastating in the oven the US taxes so
in the current situation they're saving
absolutely tons of money Senator John
McCain at one point said that by sheer
size and scale its among America's
largest tax avoiders and that's I don't
believe a reputation that they really
hold I mean generally people have pretty
favorable your views of this company
other than the fact that there's a the
obsolescence of their technology as they
update it but that's the current
situation now we've got this potential
tax cut situation coming up and the
proposed tax cuts would reduce the
corporate rate on domestic profits to
20% now obviously it's higher now it's
35 but even under the current situation
their effective tax rate was scarcely
higher than it would be with the change
and since the loopholes aren't being
taken away the various
forms of tax avoidance are being taken
away domestically that is gonna drop
even more now reduce rates on
repatriated earnings earnings abroad
that then come back would be even lower
that's at a 12% rate and right now with
over two hundred and sixty billion
dollars in cash the vast vast vast
majority of it overseas this tax break
would save them sixty billion dollars
and with those sorts of savings
potentially coming to them you might
understand why this year alone they've
spent five million dollars lobbying
Congress on taxes last year they spent
almost as much this year is not even
done yet and so that is an absolutely
huge situation so we have a little bit
more coming out of TYT investigates
that's good news oh because you know
we're all leaving to ITT we're going to
get jobs at Apple because not after this
story we're not they're getting 60
billion just in repatriation money and
also other tax cuts they're gonna come
with this bill it they're going they're
hell-bent on pushing through yeah
everybody gets six-figure jobs don't
they yeah I mean if you or they'll pass
along the savings to the consumer with
your absolutely yeah how much there's no
phones customer a thousand dollars
they're really good all right you iPhone
10 with its glitches and then the
there's something with the typing thing
people have issue is getting question
marks on what a capital I I think but if
we can get that corporate tax rate down
I think we can get the Iban good every
if you can figure it out you get a job
six-figure minimum at Apple that's what
they're promising everyone isn't it yeah
look I have nothing against their
product I have an Apple laptop I use
here I have a PC at home that I built
but I have a Mac here they're perfectly
good from that's rather the world's most
valuable company because they all have
their stuff but we do have to make sure
that they actually pay their fair share
and I don't know that they're actually
doing that now
look you in the late in the link down
below if you're watching this on youtube
you can read the TYT investigates
article about this which has ton of
details it's very well put together and
even in that story they acknowledge that
Apple is steadily growing in terms of
how many employees has which is
perfectly fine and it will continue to
invest domestically and abroad if
there's demand for it but the problem is
that in this lobbying and in the
conversations we always have about
about corporations and their potential
activities in the US there's always this
myth that if we simply shower them with
more money then that will magically
create jobs but anyone who's been
through even a high school level
economics class knows that that's not
the way it works and that's even if you
don't know that major corporations in
the US are sitting on huge piles of cash
already that they're not investing with
and the reason is that you don't create
new jobs just because you got money
burning a hole in your pocket you do it
when creating the jobs is necessary to
sell more of your products that there is
a demand for the extra money that we
shower on you has absolutely nothing to
do with it and companies like Apple and
companies that are even worse in some
aspects they want you to believe these
myths that if only we enrich them they
will enrich us in turn the second part
never happens but the first cyclically
does in US history
constantly Fleming they're nice guys
they love America so then they'll give
it right back in many different ways
obviously it again I mean it has to be
based and only going for your side like
this if they keep lying to us and
telling people they thought about those
great the massive number of jobs if that
you got the last time this happened but
then complain that the about job numbers
and unemployment rates and I'll look at
this welfare system and look at your
handout you people want your handouts
which one is it is it being shot word
amongst everybody for the past 20 years
or has it been so horrible every time
only one Clinton and Obama are in office
which which one is it it can't be both
but you can go with this lack of logic
as long as your team is winning yeah
well and I'm glad you mentioned the word
handouts god this is these are corporate
handouts this is corporate welfare that
is being instituted in the United States
of America and Tim Cook who you know is
a CEO of Apple he met with Trump as soon
as he became president he started right
away lobbying I mean these guys are
concerned with their bottom line and
John so perfectly described these
companies only care about the bottom
line they're not they're not in the
business of employing people unless it
helps their bottom line so this is it
this is an absolute corporate welfare
and and and there's they're about to I
mean really
blow the fence open on corporate welfare
if this tax cut goes through definitely
yeah yeah one of the biggest priorities
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
