obviously Roy Moore in a lot of trouble
because of what he has a alleged to have
done but it's interesting and we're
talking about projection here this is a
guy known for taking extreme hard lines
on religious issues he's an Islamophobe
saying that people are Muslim shouldn't
be allowed to serve I have a homophobe
and stuff like that and then he has this
dark past when it comes to his dating
history and so Jared found this video of
him in back in 2005 talking about
homosexuality with what you know now
about his behavior let's listen is
immoral it is defined by the law is
detestable it was against the law in
most states we get our morality from the
Holy Bible upon which this nation was
founded just behind because it's done
behind closed doors it can still be
prohibited by state law yes they get it
from the Bible for what that's worth
also back in the 90s understand this and
this is getting even closer to his sort
of behavior in the 90s he ruled in a
divorce case that a woman who had a
lesbian affair couldn't visit her
children unsupervised or with her
partner writing that quote minor
children will be detrimental e affected
by the present lifestyle of the mother
also the judge Moore was the only vote
in favor of a daycare worker who raped a
twelve-year-old claiming that there was
no quote implied threat of serious
physical injury this guy has a history
of taking odd lines on children it's
just it's so obscene oh my gets so
despicable he showed deplorable he's a
awful guy it's great that you're
reviewing this he is a disgusting person
he said this about homosexuality the
effect of such a lifestyle upon children
must not be ignored and the lifestyle
should never be tolerated because we
have to watch out for the children and
keep them pure and innocent until they
hit 14 in which case I'm I trying to
take them to or half acres again like
you said from the very beginning the
fortune of the other is first the first
victim we talked about Lee Kaufman she
was 14 sitting outside and he said oh
let's let your mother go in it so I can
be here alone with you so which you can
see where he gets his mindset of what he
thinks actual sexual predators are
because they're lesbian or at the their
present lesbian exercises at the time so
she can't be left alone with her own
child but they can leave your ass alone
with someone else's child yeah yeah and
so there's one other tweet I wanted to
review so we talked about some of the
politicians on the Republican side
Senate generally in the Senate that are
coming out against more now at least
we'll see what happens if he goes on to
win the election but a journalist Daniel
Dale has been communicating with County
chairmen for the Republican Party in
Alabama to see what they think he talked
with Alabama big County Republican
chairman Jerry Powell Jerry Powe told
him that he'd vote for Roy Moore even if
he didn't commit a sex crime against the
girl saying I would vote for him because
I wouldn't want to vote for Doug I'm not
saying I support what he did just say if
you want to hand him government
authority and power after knowing the
person is you are supporting what he did
and what he is because everything that
he's been since then should have given
us pretty strong hints of the sort of
lifestyle he was leading himself I'm
telling you man it's you get tired of
here in this analogy and you probably
already are tired of hearing it man if
you're a Cowboys fan and then your
favorite player is up on some kind of
charge you'd be like well don't care
just let him finish the season because
I'd like to win this is just my fantasy
team and I've got best so it'll actually
care about the actions and activities of
their favorite players they actually
just want to win and say yeah see we won
I just don't want to vote for Doug I
just don't want to see the Packers win
that's all I just don't want to see it
so please let my gut play and you see
that played out at every level of
government we've seen it play out in
every level of election and we've seen
the demonization of the other side to
the point that yeah you begin to go no I
just don't want anything I just don't
want that other side yeah that works
both ways by the way understand our team
too but I think we call out fact we're
prone to that detector calling out fact
I think more quickly then is the GOP
yeah yeah and so let's talk about
winning because it doesn't look like
he's going to step down my guess is that
he won't unless this pressure continues
which you know what's the meat of the
way it is nothing continues for more
than 24 hours or so
and even if they tried to take him off
they'd be in a bit of a bind because
that election to replace Jeff Sessions
his seat in the Senate
is on December 12th and according to
their Constitution you can't be taken
off the ballot within 76 days of an
election so unless they break the rules
and this has happened before that name
is going to be on there no matter what
we'll see how the people of Alabama
respond now he's been leading by about
nine points and most of the the polls
for the past month or so is you know
trying to sleep with a fourteen-year-old
is that worth nine points I don't know
in 2017 in America but perhaps and if a
Democrat were to take that seat which
nobody expected that would bring the
Senate to 5149 making it that much more
difficult for Republicans to pass you
know some of their priorities over the
next few years and although there would
still be very little chance of the
Democrats taking the Senate in 2018 it
does bring it a little bit closer to the
realm of possibility it's good that I
work with you most days and I'm sitting
next to you not because your positive
energy is good is like it's helpful but
it's not gonna happen what's not gonna
happen this guy's gonna win easily he's
gonna increase I'm gonna make really bad
for there just laying out he's gonna
Michael Rhodes 11 points instead of the
nine think he's gonna gain gain points
is just because of okay of the
witch-hunt
that's underway on him is that what
you're saying it's a bit look look at
these look at the Democratic Party yeah
they're trying to attack our boy oh now
I really want to stick it to them and
let them know that I'm so stupid I'm
willing look at the court I'll know who
that guy was if he did commit these acts
it's okay it's great man I want to
support him just so I can stand
yeah that's the only reason you know
it's your it's your fantasy football
sports team analogy it really is it's
but John's scenario
who needs house of cards when you've got
that I mean that's a the idea that this
11th hour fact could change an election
and that a Democrat could actually win
this seat Wow
yeah but I think ultimately I side with
jr. I think they're they're they sort of
the ends justify the means or however
they want to you know do the jujitsu
mentally on it yeah and look I know
we've been saying they seem that the
willingness of some Republicans to
denounce him is as JR said an indication
of how uncomfortable that some of them
are at least publicly with him you know
regardless of what they believe
privately but this guy you know getting
into office isn't just one more number
making votes more difficult for the
other side imagine what this guy can do
with the higher profile he'll have he'll
be serving on committees they'll be
introducing legislation he'll be at
confirmation hearings he will be helping
to advise and the choice of Supreme
Court justices and things like that this
is a terrible terrible guy even in a
political environment infested with some
truly disgusting creatures this guy
stands out and has stood out for decades
long before there was trumpism there was
more ism and it was disgusting
apparently was disgusting all the way
back to the late 70s and if this guy
gets into the Senate that will be just
another really dark mark on our country
that's a great point it's really with an
extreme agenda of the sort that he has
pursued decade after decade we detailed
it here for you I mean the homophobe the
humble phobia the races and the birther
thing which we never he always insisted
upon am you know it's well I I still
don't believe that Barack Obama you know
as far as I'm concerned rock Obama
wasn't is not an American yeah this is
the kind of Pig headedness
that and that does it it disrespects
pigs that are so I apologize but you get
my point
yeah he's he can pursue a despicable
agenda exactly if you like this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of The Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
