all right church a huge ranek is faring
with you guys big day The Young Turks no
michi const broke a story exclusive on
aggressive progressive earlier if you
remember you got to watch that live t
whitey calm slides join to become a
member and today we have Trayvon free
coming up in the second hour for you
guys
writer for The Daily Show for Samantha
be show and and also working with Issa
Rae and the list goes on and on
tomorrow we're gonna have Trey crowd
around he is known as the liberal
redneck so that'll be fun
and a fun quick thing for you guys
before we get to the stories we're
dominated for three streamys not a big
deal but here's the two fun parts what
is first show of the year
sorry really yes because I don't think
that we're worthy I just think that like
everyone seems to be against us at all
times do you know what I'm saying no I
know we've actually been nominated for
that before too so but show the year on
the Internet period that's amazing and
then my favorite actually is we have not
one but two nominations in the Best new
show the Year category both in the Young
Turks Network The Young Turks vs. the
breakdown Oh Joe Robb's so Haas and
Francis it's on brothers okay so from
this day forward breakdown we're done
with you okay so no boat splitting here
okay we're gonna throw them under a bus
real quick just plain just plain check
out the breakdown it's on youtube as
well but mainly on Facebook of course
anyway so huge news day Bill Cosby
that's coming up a little bit later
sentenced will give
the details on his sentence and why and
how and all all that and by the way a
vicious attack against another
progressive by the weird Duncan Hunter
jr. a mark Kompany jar will be on rebel
headquarters another Yonkers show later
today to defend himself against these
outrageous attacks so I don't know how
else to tell you to become a young
Turkish memory there's dozens of shows
that you can check out as a progressive
and it's all for $4.99 at the lowest
level if you want to help more and get a
little bit more extra become an activist
at 10 bucks T y-t-dot-com slash trying
to make that happen okay obviously
though enormous news about Kavanagh as
well so Anna take it away all right
late on Monday Brett Kavanaugh agreed to
an interview with Fox News and the
interview could be problematic for him
in the future considering some of the
declarative strong statements he made
and we do have some clips for you today
which we will not only show you but also
do a little analysis of apparently while
this interview was being broadcasted the
writers for The New Yorker who broke the
story about the second woman who accused
Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct
were fact-checking Cavanaugh so we will
give you some of those Corrections after
we show you the clips but with that said
let's take a look at the first video
here is Cavanaugh denying that he was at
the party that the first accuser said he
assaulted her at oh she doesn't remember
the date and she doesn't remember the
place but what she does remember that I
just detailed is very specific and other
assault victims say that they've had
similar memories where they remembered
exactly what happened but they didn't
necessarily remember the events
surrounding it
you have categorically denied that this
happened
did anything happen no I've never
sexually assaulted anyone not in high
school
not ever
I've always treated women with dignity
and respect
do you know her I may have met her we
did not travel in the same social
circles she was not a friend not someone
I knew you don't remember ever being at
parties with her ever I do not and this
is an allegation about a party in the
summer of 1982 at a house near
Connecticut Avenue an east-west highway
with five people present I was never at
any such party the other people who are
alleged to be present said they do not
remember any such party okay so he is
responding to the allegations by the
first accuser dr. Blasi Ford and if you
can recall her specific allegations
there were things that were murky things
that she didn't specifically remember
including the exact address of where the
party took place and where the alleged
assault took place and it's strange that
he know who's the exact address and that
he's reciting it there in the interview
I don't know why he did that I don't
that was super weird so I wouldn't
remember the address of a party I wasn't
that I I wouldn't you remember the
address of a party I was at why now if
it was 35 years ago so I don't know why
they thought that was a good idea to
specify the address of the party that he
claims he never went to that was
absolutely bizarre and I don't think it
helped his case at all it did the
reverse I mean obviously we neither one
of us know why he did that I can only
assume that he's probably exhausted
right now because everything in the
interview seemed very rehearsed very
well-planned except for that specific
portion where he recited the addresses
no no you'd have to memorize that
address to even remember it yeah no they
they must have planned it but I can't
for the life of me figured out why they
would give the exact address
it sounded like he was like look I was
not at Connecticut and 287 Maple Avenue
connection I wasn't on the second floor
where there is green wallpaper with
ducks on it I did not see that blue
carpet nor was i rolling
rounding it at all why you say anything
it's very strange and I also want to
point out one other thing he used the
words dignity and respect toward women
countless times I mean he that was
something that he wanted to drive home
it was something that I think he was
coached on and so he wants to and you
will notice this in you know the
following clips that we show you he
really wants to present himself as this
good guy who was a good boy at the time
that these alleged assault took place so
just real quick before that one is look
I get he's in a tough spot so if he did
it he's in an awfully tough spot because
he did it and he has to cover it up if
he didn't do it boy he's also in a tough
spot because you have to deny it while
making sure you're not greatly angering
women in this country and so you have to
talk about dignity and respect of women
and and and he also has to be really
careful about his answers not to
incriminate himself but at the same time
this looks so rehearsed and faked that I
don't do people really still believe
that any of this that he didn't practice
it with lawyers and and advisers over
and over again now it doesn't mean it's
not true but it is a hundred percent
rehearse well another thing that also
screams of this was rehearse and
everything was planned out in detail is
he's he did what standard establishment
people in the political world do which
is I'm gonna bring my wife along with me
yeah and it's painful it's painful and
you know what maybe she really wants to
be there to support him and it is what
it is but nonetheless it does seem
rehearsed and just to answer your
question Jake and this is from my
perspective I do think that people who
care about politics who are passionate
about politics who've been following
this story unfortunately have made up
their minds with few exceptions people
who do want to keep an open mind as
we've said on this show numerous times
we don't know we don't know without a
shadow of a doubt that he did it and we
want to be fair and the testimony is
important but with that said I do think
that on the right especially lawmakers
have made up their mind and they've been
pretty open and honest about that yeah
and in some parts of the jury
come in for me on what they are so let's
keep going with the clips because when
he talks about what a choirboy he was
that part of the jury's in for me and
and again if you are trying to convince
people that you're not a liar
you should stop lying yeah so in the
next clip he addresses
Deborah ramirez's allegations which were
profiled in The New Yorker and that was
the article written by Jan Jane Mayer
and Ronan Farrow
she says she was at a dorm party and
this happened quote Brett was laughing I
can still see his face and his hips
coming forward like when you pull up
your pants I'm confident about the pants
coming up and I'm confident about Brett
being there she was initially uncertain
it was you they write in this piece but
after six days she's confident enough
she says should the American people view
her as credible I never did any such
thing never did any such thing the other
people alleged to be there don't recall
any such thing if such a thing had
happened it would have been the talk of
campus you wouldn't roommate I think his
last name was Roche who said you know
that he could see this kind of thing
happening that you drank a lot in high
school drank a lot in college and
although he hadn't seen or heard this
incident himself that had added up to
him that that it made sense that you
treated women that way I've always
treated women with dignity and respect
he does not corroborate the incident at
all the incident did not remember him
you as a roommate I do remember so why
do you think he would say that what I
know I'm not gonna speculate about
motives I know I never did that if I had
done that it would've been the talk of
campus so I have to just quickly address
some of the things that he either
intentionally lied about or maybe missed
in the original reporting on that story
now as was accurately reported here at
TYT there were some issues with her
memory right and and she was very honest
about that deborah ramirez was honest
about that however to say that there was
no one who corroborated it or to say
that it was it would have been the talk
of campus he in the original article
it's clear that there is a specific
person who corroborated
and he's basing it off of what he heard
a couple days after the alleged assault
so again the reporters here Jane Mayer
and Ronan Farrow were fact-checking him
as this interview was happening and so
or at least as it was airing and so
Meyer noted that she and Ferro reported
at least one witness suggest that the
event was talked about on campus in the
days afterward she continues to write
and so it was a classmate who heard
about it at the time at the time told me
he has thought of it every time he hears
Cavanaugh's name or heard Cavanaugh's
name for the last 35 years so yeah I
mean maybe he just forgot about that
part of the story but to say that no one
corroborated it and to say hey people
would have been talking about it and no
one was it's just that's not true at all
yeah so but here I think we have a lot
more of a mixed record because now
remember no one is saying they were at
the party and saw it happen there is
someone who is saying and he was a
hundred percent sure that people told
him about the party so that goes against
Cavanaugh's point that nobody on campus
was talking about it because they were
but there is no other witness right now
that was at that party and and in the
case of Ramirez look do I think she's
genuine giving her over-the-top honesty
about how she doesn't remember certain
things and how intoxicated she was
etcetera I believe she's totally genuine
on the other hand that's a tough thing
to accuse somebody of to say like I
don't remember if it was him but after
six days of thinking about it I'm sure
it is him
you just look if that was against the an
ally of mine or a friend of mine I'd say
that's a pretty tough way to accuse
someone so yeah look I agree with you on
that and I do think based on the way
Republicans have shifted in the way that
they're handling these these allegations
The New Yorker piece might have been
counterproductive because now it seems
as though they're latching on to Ramirez
and and the fact that she was drinking
which I don't think that's a crime
way of you know discounting her her
recollection but more importantly
they're saying well she doesn't remember
so this is you know an attempt to
slander defame Cavanagh to smear him
it's all political that's all this is so
in a way it has been a little
counterproductive look that's the
politics of it and I care less about
that in this context and and and and but
if you did care about that no the second
woman always makes a giant giant
difference and I think the tenor of the
conversation changed even a little bit
more when the second woman came forward
so I think her accusations are very
relevant in that sense whether you
believe them is a different question and
in this case there's a good reason to
believe both people right because she
could genuinely believe that and you
might say yeah but I'm not sure I trust
her recollection that's all right and
and just to clarify my point look I I
think that among Democrats it certainly
helped right maybe some Democrats that
are on the fence but among Republicans
what it signaled to them was oh this is
a fishing expedition they're looking for
anyone and everyone who's willing to
smear him and that's how it's a little
counterproductive
I've personally noticed that the tone
from Senate Republicans has changed
whereas before there were a lot more
careful to be a little respectful at
least of the women and now it's
no-holds-barred we're gonna go after
these women and and that's that's what I
mean when I say it's kind of productive
with that said though let's go to the
next clip where Kavanagh talks about
being such a good boy when he was in
high school when I was in high school
and I went to an all-boys Catholic High
School a Jesuit High School where I was
focused on academics and athletics going
to church every Sunday at Little Flower
working on my service projects and
friendship friendship with my fellow
classmates and friendship with girls
from the local all-girls Catholic
schools and yes there were parties and
the drinking age was eighteen and yes
the seniors were legal and had beer
there and yes people might have had too
many beers on occasion and people
generally in high school I think all of
us have probably done things we
back on in high school and regret or
cringe a bit but I that's not what we're
talking about we're talking about an
allegation of sexual assault I'd never
sexually assaulted anyone yeah so this
is the part that's among the worst of
his responses because by every account
he was a wild man in high school in
college and so you could say hey that's
no big deal
and if it didn't involve the sexual
assault allegations it would be no big
deal but no one thinks that he was a
choirboy that was I went to Little
Flower every Sunday and what I cared
most about was my friendships with the
boys and the girls and the local schools
no man you were the on the football team
that bragged about sexual conquests all
the time the football in at large did
you guys were the rowdiest of the bunch
you over drank by everybody who knows
you thinks that so the more honest way
to go would be hey man did I drink too
much in college and in high school I did
I would you know I was a young kid et
cetera but that doesn't have any new a
sexual assault and I wouldn't do that
but yeah we did a bunch of stuff that I
regret I mean we read young knuckleheads
that's a normal human answer I suppose
this rehearsed beat us well I think
what's notable from that answer was that
he said something along the lines of you
know did some people have one too many
beers right he didn't take any
responsibility for over drinking during
this interview however when he gave
speeches at college events in the past
he bragged about over drinking you know
where we were partying I'm obviously
paraphrasing I don't have his exact
speech in front of me but I remember he
recalled this one time and I believe it
was when he was in college where he and
his buddies were on a bus and then they
finally got to the location that they
were trying to get to and they all kind
of like fell out of the bus because they
had been drinking so much so in other
instances he'll admit to partying and
over drinking but in this like
goody-two-shoes interview he's
presenting himself as someone who was
just like constantly studying going to
Sunday school every Sunday or going to
church every Sunday and and you know
just looking out for his friends and
that's it and if you had the whole
speech in front of you you still
have the whole speech in front of you
because as we showed on TYT investigates
in a speech he gave a couple of years
ago he said the famous phrase what
happens at Georgetown Prep stays at
Georgetown Prep but somebody took that
out of the transcript yes so again we're
hoping that a Democratic senator asks
did you take that out of the transcript
and if you did why did you take it out
of the transcript before any allegations
came out so make sure you check out TYT
comm /e investigates to see that story
so during Brett Cavanaugh's interview
with Fox News one of the things that he
really wanted to drive home was that he
needs an opportunity to be heard which
is fascinating because usually it is the
victims of sexual assault who feel like
their voices haven't been heard but
nonetheless here's Cavanaugh talking
about how he just wants people to treat
him fairly I wanna I want a fair process
where I can defend my integrity and all
masking for his fairness and that I be
heard in this process all I'm asking for
is a fair process where I can be heard
again again just asking for a fair
process where I can be heard and I can
defend my integrity I would say fair
process let me be heard fair process
hear from both sides and listen to me I
just want a fair process where I can be
heard you don't have any thoughts on
what's general where this is coming from
I just want a fair process where I can
be heard defend my integrity defend the
integrity of my family again I'm just
asking for a fair process where I can be
heard and defend my integrity and defend
my family's integrity we're looking for
a fair process where I could be heard
and defend the my integrity I don't want
to talk about where you think this is
coming from I just want an opportunity a
fair process where I can defend my
integrity okay we did not repeat any of
those he said every single one of those
so gee I wonder if it was rehearse I
can't quite tell and but there's
something greatly ironic there I just
want a fair process where I could be
heard well good news for you you're in
the middle of a national interview you
could be heard right now right so she's
asking you questions are you gonna do
the same thing in the hearings where you
don't answer the questions and that's an
incredibly friendly interviewer from Fox
News if you if you can't answer her
questions and you're gonna go with the
rehearse answers your lawyer gave you
then what are we doing here and what do
you mean fair process where you can be
heard you've been heard over and over
and over again and you will be heard
again on Thursday well like who's who's
shutting you up actually I disagree with
you Chang because I do think that he's
being treated unfairly okay and it's
because of the way Senate Republicans
have been behaving specifically those on
the Senate Judiciary Committee Brett
Kavanaugh absolutely deserves a fair
process and the only way that we will
get to the truth is an FBI investigation
not a criminal investigation as I've
said a billion times I'm specifically
calling for a background investigation
which is what the FBI did in the Anita
Hill Clarence Thomas hearings
okay to get to the bottom of the truth
is there anything they can find in his
background giving given us new
information that can get to the heart of
the matter that can get to the bottom of
the truth and figure out what's really
going on right no that's that's a great
point and and he keeps saying that he
wants to get to the bottom of it there
is a good way to get to the bottom of it
that's the FBI and look and you have to
understand that would be stacked totally
in his favor
why do I say that because the FBI is
biased no no no in this case I don't
think they're biased towards the
Republicans which
would be the charge here if you were
saying that no I'm saying they're likely
to find it inconclusive because it was
35 36 years ago so if you have the FBI
look into it very likely they'll either
come back with you know it you know
there's if he's right they'll come back
with there's no other witnesses no only
other witness mentioned is the one that
dr. Blasi mentioned my mark judge who is
a friend of Cavanaugh and Backson so it
might clear him in that sense they
wouldn't say guilty or not guilty in an
FBI background check but they would say
there are no other witnesses that'd be a
huge win for him
the other thing that they could do is
come back and likely say inconclusive
and then he can say come on you gonna
deny me over inconclusive I guess the
one thing he's afraid of is the
percentage chance that they come back
with witnesses many other witnesses or
many other women so he says he wants a
fair hearing but meanwhile he's like
let's hurry up and vote that's exactly
right
and Senate Republicans have been clear
in that as soon as this testimony
happens as soon as this hearing happens
they want to rush a vote as soon as
possible
they have no interest in hearing what
the accuser possibly accusers if Debora
Ramirez is included have to say about
any of these cases now let's go to
Cavanaugh mentioning all the people who
back him listen to the people who've
known me best through my whole life the
women who've known me since high school
the 65 who overnight signed a letter
from high school saying I always treated
them with dignity and respect you know I
was good friends with them and we remain
good friends that's how sixty five
people on a moment's notice 65 women
listen to the women who've known me my
whole life
a letter from friends I knew in high
school produced overnight 65 women who
knew me in high school
listen to the people have known me
throughout my life the men and women the
women have known me throughout my life
the women I knew in college and the men
I knew in college says it's
inconceivable that I could have done
such a thing but the women
me when I was 14 years old
for the last seven years I've been
coaching girls basketball as the moms so
63 women who have signed that letter
because two of those women have since
withdrawn their names in fact one of
those women appeared in the judicial
crisis network ad that we had shown you
when the story first broke but those
women Luisa Gary and Dino uuk have
decided to withdraw their names because
of probably all the developments that
have happened since they agreed to sign
the letter supporting Kavanaugh yeah in
a mansion look there's no way of knowing
that the Ramirez story didn't happen so
I don't want to be part of a letter that
says that seems to indicate that these
things didn't happen when there's no way
we could know and so that's a super fair
response they're not saying Kavanaugh
did it they're just saying we also don't
want to say Ramirez is lying or bla Z's
lying because we don't know that but I
think the most important part of that is
that it was a woman in the ad I mean the
the the corporate PAC that is supporting
him judicial Christ's Network I don't
know who funds them but they have
millions upon millions of dollars that
they are spending to back Kavanaugh and
they picked a woman who they apparently
thought this is the perfect person out
of all those people to represent
Kavanaugh
now she's backed out and going man I
don't know about that yeah in fact I I
want to bring that judicial crisis
Network ad back to give you a sense of
how aggressively she supported him at
first and now again she's withdrawing
that support because she says I don't
know I wasn't there and I don't want to
be associated with people that are just
outright denying that these things
happened so Luisa Gary is her name again
she appeared in the judicial crisis
Network ad in support of Brett Kavanaugh
the judicial crisis network is
essentially a group of right-wing
conservatives who specifically want to
make sure that the Supreme Court is
stacked with conservative Supreme Court
justices let's take a look at their ad
friends with Brett Kavanaugh for 35
years never thought about doing a TV
commercial I'm not involved in politics
I'm a teacher
I believe that we need to have bright
curious open-minded thoughtful
empathetic people who are judges and I
trust that bright is that person oops
so whenever you see an ad glossy ad like
that you should wonder where it came
from so these guys have are gonna spend
at least five million dollars bagging
Cavanaugh you guys know anybody who's
got five millions long a dollars lying
around who's gonna give to things like
no no no it is very very wealthy people
who have an interest in having Cavanaugh
on the bench and then they a lot of
times Republicans can't find people to
real people to put in the ads and
they'll put in actors in this case I got
a real person and oops and now she's
backed out going okay so that's not good
now look at the risk of nitpicking a
little bit when he says hey I coached
girls sports and you could ask the their
moms at dude it's a low bar right I mean
okay you didn't molest any of the girls
with their moms when you were their
coach yeah I know but we're like I get
it he's trying to have no but okay I'm
gonna explain why that's an insanely
weak defense okay because look all of us
have different characteristics depending
on who we're dealing with right and so
we're not all innocent right I mean
we're not all engaging in possibly
criminal activity but I'll give you an
example so when I'm with my friends like
I'm a high school student or a college
student with that when I'm with my
friends I behave a certain way right I
let loose so I might drink or I might
partake in other things that I wouldn't
want adults knowing about but then when
I'm around my my friend's parents I'm
not like what
like I don't do that right so for
someone to say go ask my friends parents
they think very highly of me of course
they do because you make sure to edit
your behavior when you're around those
people I mean so it's a great point and
people always like who's the real you
know fill in the blank Howard Stern the
guy on air or not on there it's ER there
is no real anyone you're a hundred
percent right you act completely
different nice to your parents than you
would next to your friends and so yeah
if you were going nuts while coaching
little girls that would be like really
weird and to be problematic but I know
he's just trying to thrash about trying
to make any defense for himself so look
in the post game I'll tell you guys
embarrassing stories about me in high
school not high school junior high and
in fifth grade where I told two terrible
lies and it still kind of haunts me to
this day
and and it's weird like that he can't
just be human for a second and say man
this stuff I did in high school was I
feel really bad about it because we were
kids and we were knuckleheads and we
were trying to brag to each other just
be a human for a second and what's super
ironic is that the Republican Party and
I'm specifically talking about voters
found Trump so appealing because of how
real he seems right how authentic he is
when he speaks off-the-cuff and how he
doesn't follow the typical political
script when he's communicating but then
with Brett Kavanaugh he is the
definition of traditional politics in
the way he carries and conducts himself
and it it doesn't really seem to matter
with Trump's pace they're still very
supportive of Kavanagh yeah and by the
way if you want to hear those outrageous
stories of my youth tea y-t-dot-com
slice join to become a member and get
all of our shows including the postgame
I don't know if they're outrageous but I
still feel bad about them but unlike
Kavanagh I'm not a robot and I could
talk to you about it awesome all right
so we got to take a break when we come
back Trump's latest reaction to these
accusations against Cavanaugh and also
some shadiness coming from Republican
senators in regard to this upcoming
hearing on Thursday we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting anything
Media become a member at TYT dot-com
/join today in the meantime enjoy this
free site
alright back on The Young Turks let me
read you guys a couple comments and then
a fun announcement for you guys ok
Lazarus writes in if Cavanaugh is such a
great person he could demand an
investigation easily every single person
defending him should be demanding an FBI
investigation this from YouTube super
chat let me give you one more from there
Dan Campbell writes in Kevin OH is not
on trial he's on a job interview don't
need guilt beyond a reasonable doubt let
the FBI do the I investigation is right
in their name totally agree yeah and so
it's a great point that that is often
overlooked in the media which is that
nobody is not going to put him in jail
there he's applying for one of the most
prestigious jobs in the country arguably
one of the top ten definitely one of the
top 20 right so nobody's owed that job
and this is this is what you're getting
it a thorough interview president has to
go through basically a two-year
interview somehow we still got Trump it
is amazing but that's it but that's how
it goes if you're applying for those
positions okay comment on that any of us
who apply for any average job like let's
say minimum wage job would probably get
denied if someone came forward
allegations like this
oh are you kidding me as a corporation
would be so nervous you'd be gone God
immediately yeah okay dr. pepper Oh doom
says Mark Joe said in an interview that
he doesn't remember any of the stuff
going on with girls girls plural there
are definitely more victims from their
high school days I don't know but we do
have a story about his high school days
that really to me struck a chord and not
a good one and and avenatti says
basically tomorrow he's gonna come out
with another woman so we'll see we'll
see how that goes okay so I want to tell
you guys something really important
today is national voters registration
day okay and we only have about 41 days
left before the election and I don't
know a midterm that was more important
to vote in and I don't normally say that
I've said on this show a hundred times
they always say this is the most
important election of our lifetimes but
it depends some
it is and sometimes it isn't in terms of
midterms this is it this is the most
important one by a landslide so you got
to go out there and vote and I love what
voto Latino is doing so they're a great
group if you don't know about them part
of their mission statement is to engage
educate and empower Latinos to be agents
of change and to build a stronger and
more inclusive democracy makes sense
they have great president CEO Maria
Teresa Kumar who I've done a number of
events with and Rosario Dawson was a
co-founder so what they want to do is
have a voter registration drive but make
it into a fun challenge so they've got
an app that they are announcing now
called voter Pal and and it's pure voter
registration app and what he asked you
to do is if you haven't registered
definitely do so and it's super easy to
do it on the app it takes about two
minutes and this is the part that got me
like just take a picture of your
driver's license and that does like 90%
of it I'm like oh even I could do that
luckily I'm already registered but if
you are they say that's ok that's the
where the challenge comes into play try
to get three of your friends who are not
registered to register through this app
voter palette takes two minutes super
super easy and and I think that that's a
really great idea I mean there's a lot
of goofy challenges sometimes for good
causes sometimes for mediocre causes but
this one is for in a lot of ways because
the government controls so many things
in our lives
perhaps the most important so record a
and if you want to do the sharing part
you record a short video share your
screen showing you registered three
friends and challenge three more people
to do the same I think this is awesome
and it's a really smart idea and even if
you know you have no interest in
participating in this particular effort
you know I think that what they're
trying to get across is so critical and
think about it in these terms
lawmakers specifically right-wing
lawmakers have been fighting so
aggressively to prevent you from voting
they don't want you to vote right and
that they've done that through voter ID
laws throughout the country they've done
that in so many different ways they've
disenfranchised certain people
they know are likely to vote against
them so use this right go out there be
politically active and vote register I
love that they're doing this and I
really hope you guys take part yeah so
and I know look people get frustrated
the Republicans they get frustrated the
Democrats either way this is your time
this is your time to make a difference
so voter pal is the app and the
organization putting together this
effort is voto Latino okay let's go on
with the news
all right recently the New Yorker
released information and details
regarding the second accuser in the
Brett Kavanaugh debacle Deborah Deborah
Ramirez alleged that Cavanaugh had taken
his pants down at a party and then
thrust his hips toward her face and she
unfortunately touched him as she was
pushing him away now Trump decided to
weigh in on these allegations and as you
can imagine he didn't have very nice
things to say 36 years ago nobody ever
knew about it nobody ever heard about it
and now a new charge comes up and she
said well might not be him and there
were gaps since she said she was totally
inebriated was all messed up and she
doesn't know with him but it might have
been him oh gee let's not make him a
Supreme Court judge so I knew that
people specifically people who are
supportive of Kavanagh would really
latch on to the fact that she had
admitted to being drunk at the time that
this happened and that was one of the
reasons why she didn't come forward in
the beginning she talked about how
embarrassing it was she was embarrassed
by the fact that she was drinking she
was worried that people would smear her
for that and so that's exactly the way
that it's playing out now in the very
beginning of his statement he was
actually talking about the first accuser
dr. Blasi and he said nobody has ever
heard about it which is again completely
false back in 2012 when she went to
couples therapy with her husband she
talked about the alleged sexual assault
and then did so again later
and so to say no one knew about it is
just an outright lie
so of course Trump couldn't help himself
and was gonna weigh in on this and and
of course he's gonna come out
aggressively against the woman that's
what he does every single time so I I'm
in fact I'm surprised that it wasn't
more vicious but hold take take take
take right wait for that to come
so overall the Ramirez situation as I've
said now many times cuss two different
ways one is that her saying there's gaps
in my recollection and in the beginning
I wasn't positive that was him for me if
I'm a juror in this case that makes me
believe her a lot more because who would
admit that if they're trying to set him
up so you can't have it and that doesn't
mean that she's right I'll get to that
in a second so but you can't have it
both ways you can't say it's a political
hatchet job meant to smear him and she
says she's not sure that it was him in
the beginning well if it was a smear job
that was to get him she would have
definitely said oh I know I know for a
fact I never had any questions about it
it was definitely him she doesn't say
that at all she says to be honest I had
trouble recollecting but I'm now sure
that it was him okay so you would never
say that if it was a smear job never
that makes no sense okay yeah so it
can't be both now in terms but if I was
on a jury when I convicted on that I'd
say look she wasn't even positive in the
beginning so I I probably to be honest
with you would not connect on that but
as one of our viewers just pointed out
while we're doing a show live but it's
not a trial he's not gonna go to jail
that's not what this is about
he's applying for one of the most
prestigious jobs in the country and so
if you had this kind of accusation and
while you're trying to get a job at a
company you probably wouldn't get the
job and so and and he's applying for a
lifetime appointment so it's a little
bit of a different standard and and make
of that what you will arguably one of
the most important jobs in the country
right and so it is important to get to
the bottom of the truth and it seems as
though there
is little interest in getting an
independent organization involved to do
a real investigation to see if there is
corroborating information either
clearing his name Cavanaugh's name or at
least corroborating what these
allegations are now with that said the
testimony by the first accuser dr. Blasi
is set to take place on Thursday
Cavanaugh is also expected to testify
during that hearing things could change
as you all know the news cycle is
rapidly evolving and changing we'll see
what happens but with that said it does
seem as though Senate Republicans have
already made up their minds and I'll
give you a few examples first their
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
in a speech on the Senate floor Mitch
McConnell promised a vote on Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination shortly after the
hearing and cast the judge as a victim
of the weaponization of unsubstantiated
smears so it's clear that he's made up
his mind about it but there are some
Republicans who are speaking out in
pretty fascinating ways and Democrats
are you know huddling together trying to
figure out how to take advantage of it
I'm just being honest I mean it's
political on both sides
so there's senator rich richard durbin
and he's not he's a Democrat but he's
frustrated because he had mentioned that
hey Republicans are now thinking about
bringing on a prosecutor to question dr.
Blasi why and and what are what are the
terms what are the details they're not
being open and honest about it so he
said that he was frustrated by the lack
of specifics he has heard from his
Republican colleagues some of the
frustration stems from a plan by
Republicans to hire an outside counsel
to pose questions to Christine Blasi
Ford and here's what he said
specifically there are still many
unresolved issues we don't know who this
prosecutor is if that's what she is and
we don't know the procedure in the
committee what the sequence will be we
don't know how long our questioning
period is it's all a mystery right and
then he was asked what Republicans had
told him about Thursday's hearing and
Durbin replied dryly the table and
chairs situation has been resolved
so he's salty about the fact that
they're bringing on
prosecutor and I think that's important
to mention because remember they don't
want the FBI to get involved because
like this is not a criminal
investigation you know he's not on trial
stop treating him like he's on trial
okay but then you're bringing on a sex
crimes prosecutor to question dr. Blasi
and her lawyer specified that they were
not notified about it ahead of time
they're also being very hush-hush toward
her lawyers about this so there's an
issue there and then when it comes to
Republicans senators Collins and
Murkowski they still seem on the fence
about this and they think that it's
important to have a fair hearing but I
don't I don't really know how they're
gonna come out on this because it seems
like they're wavering constantly so
Murkowski says i'm sorry susan collins
says that she would like to see deborah
Ramirez speak under oath to the
committee but has not specified when she
would like to see that happen seems like
other Republicans are you know not
wanting that to happen and then also
Lisa Murkowski says if the allegations
are true then Ramirez needs to be
willing to come forward with them just
as Ford has been willing to come forward
albeit reluctantly and understandably so
and so in order for us to take them
under consideration she needs to take
the next steps but what I don't really
understand about that framing is it
doesn't appear that your Republican
colleagues have asked for that and it
doesn't seem like they want that I think
it would be important for her to speak
as well well so Murkowski told the
reporters that she wants an FBI
investigation so that's really important
no so if she sticks to that and assists
on it then we're not gonna have a vote
soon because they need almost every vote
so we'll see if she really means that or
not that would be potentially mining
mounds really important Republican lose
one vote an overall Senate and still I
get it through if pence votes to break
the tie but they can't lose two votes so
every one of them is precious now when
it comes to back to the Republicans who
are being unreasonable my favorite of
the law is orrin hatch they asked him
about Ramirez allegations he could have
said what I said which is well it's
tough to say you didn't remember but now
you do but he's like no they're phony
mm-hmm okay and they sort of the
reporter asked them why why do you think
that he he says quote because I know it
is that's why how do you know that were
you at Yale or at that party how could
you possibly know that in other words I
don't give a damn what the truth is I
just wanted to put Cavanaugh on the
court cause he's gonna rule this the way
my some of my voters that wanted that
are anti-choice but also my donors my
donors want a Kavanagh so I don't give a
damn what he did or didn't do to a woman
earlier
okay so Orrin Hatch isn't seeking
reelection right that's right okay
so I think it's important to bring that
up because often times as was the case
with someone like Mark Sanford for
instance mark Sanford all of a sudden
cares a lot about what tax cuts are
gonna do to the economy after he loses
the primary so now he's free to really
speak his mind and be who he really is
instead of you know appealing to his
donors on the other hand was someone
like orrin hatch who's not seeking
re-election you see who he really is
which is a deplorable person yeah yeah
if anything he's actually lead into the
corruption even more yeah now that he's
retired cuz he's been on watching us so
long it's who he is it's in his bones
so now last thing is the cowardice of
the Republicans on the Judiciary
Committee and I think that word is fair
because what they're gonna do is it
looks like based on what I and I just
explained to you they're gonna hide
behind a woman so they're gonna get a
female prosecutor to try to grill dr.
Blasi so grilling her already bad enough
and she's and her lawyer says that's
just disrespectful I thought we were
trying to air things out not try to do
cross-examination etc you could you know
have a different opinion on that I
understand but hiding behind someone
else why by the way if you don't get it
why they're doing that because they
don't want to be on tape to be used on
commercials later attacking this woman
viciously but they do want to attack her
viciously so they're gonna hire a woman
to go attack her and then turn around go
to it wasn't me it wasn't me I didn't
have the moral courage to ask the
questions by the way is that normal or
not only totally unnormal right okay the
Democrats can ask their own
questions and the Republicans in every
other instance that I have ever seen in
covering politics for a long time they
they always ask their own questions they
never bring in somebody they don't call
the southpaw and from the bullpen that's
the questions you only do that if you're
trying to hit the person super hard but
not be blamed for it
so if I were a Democrat a Democratic
Senate senator on the Senate Judiciary
Committee I would respond to this by
also hiring a prosecutor too because if
you're gonna treat it like it's a trial
then let's treat it like it's a trial
let's bring on a prosecutor on the other
side to conduct the line of questioning
toward Cavanaugh why I got a guy who was
pretty good at law enforcement James
Comey but honestly I I don't even want
Comey I'm kidding I wouldn't want any
whole arias just to see what Trump's
reaction like if he Pro starts coming
out of the tunnel just to see Trump's
reaction he'd lose his mind
but look by the way that one last part
of it is that all 11 Republicans on the
Judiciary Committee are men so they've
got one woman to hide 11 guys behind so
if I'm a Democrat I want to ask the
questions if you're a Republican and you
had any kind of courage you would want
to ask the questions to arrive at the
truth and not hide behind anybody all
right we got to take a break when we
come back some pretty nasty stuff from
Cavanaugh's yearbook will tell you that
story and more that's that's the story
that actually really got me and now I
think he's a terrible guy whether that
affects this proceedings is a different
question but we'll show you why so we'll
be right back
