while in China a country notorious for
their firewall against sites like
Facebook and Twitter Trump has managed
to send out some tweets how well
apparently his administration says that
he's using special equipment
all right so Trump team bot brought this
special equipment to China that enables
the president to get around the
country's internet firewall so this
morning he sent out this tweet as you
can see here you know thinking the
president of China for their hospitality
while also slapping the president in the
face because he was circumventing his
laws so a little bit ironic and often in
these sort of countries that do have
firewalls and specifically China these
sort of workarounds are illegal so he is
doing something that is illegal in a
different country so that he can get his
Twitter on what did you guys think when
you read this story trying to remember
it now that I say this DT phone home
graphic which is amazing it's really
disorienting and fantastic I asked the
engineers here the IT people like what
would you do and they'd be like VPN and
that's it like this special equipment is
just I do a VPN silence yeah yes so like
according some articles that I read it's
basically he's using a us-based service
provider which would allow him to
circumvent some of the firewalls and so
based off that information some people
who were sort of trying to guess what he
was gonna do when he was in China
because of his penchant for tweeting
they thought maybe he would tweet wall
on Air Force One because they would have
better access to that not necessarily
while he's walking around and hanging
out and in Beijing and things like that
but you think he's gonna stop doing his
favorite thing just because he this is
his favorite part of being president yes
his favorite he's not gonna let a
Chinese firewall or law stop him from
being ridiculous
so he'd have the special equipment I
just want to say when he's in China
don't get any ideas dude literally don't
get it if you want to get one idea
they like you know initiative toward
clean energy idea but don't be like
severely restricted internet that only
allows people to access things that the
folks in charge allow them to access I
don't want to open my Twitter in the
morning and just be like it's only Trump
tweets yeah like that is what he'd want
we have to move would never happen it
would be Trump and Fox and Friends Fox
and Friends those two it's not it
there's multiple friends I can't like
it's every like oh there's like everyone
has like five impressions it's like
Woody Allen Christopher Walken and like
you know George W Bush that I do them
all it's a douchebag like cocktail yeah
what's the matter smooth out Trump
that's more okay I do like when he got
to the Forbidden City he's like they
opened it just for me forbidden to
everyone pulled some strings got in
there Forbidden City walls opened for
Trump closer see it's ironic that
somebody who wants to build a wall so
much is trying to circumvent them
reports of 10 million people also do
this 10 million people there's there's
lots of people in China who you know get
around some of the restrictive laws
which is good like you should have
internet free internet access access
right it's ridiculous that China does
this that said when you go to a foreign
country especially as as a leader of
another country I think you should be
somewhat respectful of their laws qit
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
