just one week after notre-dame announced
to their employees and their students
that they would no longer be offering
contraception coverage because they
would be taking advantage of the new
rules and new healthcare rules put forth
by the Trump administration they're
actually rolling back some of their
statements okay now on October 27th
employees and graduate students at the
prominent Catholic University were told
via email that the school would no
longer partake in an Obama era federal
program that provided separate coverage
for women's health products or
procedures that the university objects
to based on its religious beliefs now
this program was set to halt for
employees by the end of this calendar
year and for students in mid-august of
next year there was a lot of pushback
okay there were students who created
petition there were students who protest
three of the Notre Dame students
actually involved themselves in a
pending lawsuit against the Trump
administration over the new rules and
they filed that on behalf of them and
the international nonprofit medical
students for choice by a clinic at Yale
Law School and so all of this sort of
happened right they made this decision
saying you know we are not gonna provide
this for you anymore which is something
that they've actually been trying to
fight for for years and now once Trump
the Trump administration sort of gave
them the okay for any sort of
institution that has a moral or
religious obligation to contraception or
contraceptive coverage then they sort of
took that and ran with it ins and this
email not really thinking about some of
the consequences and the uprise that
they would face from students and
employees now the latest email which
were sent to faculty on Tuesday morning
and the students later in the day said
that both student and faculty insurance
companies intend to continue offering
coverage for birth control with no copay
and that the university would not
intervene now I want to make it super
clear in this sort of case the
university doesn't have to provide them
the birth care of themselves right all
they have to do is is an able a third
party to provide it for their students
and for their employees now what was
really interesting when they made this
decision last week is they said that
if you need birth control for a medical
condition let's say something like PCOS
or even acne or something like that you
can still get coverage for any form of
birth control but if you just want to
use it for you know preventative
pregnancy measures then you cannot so
it's really just this sort of blatant
slut-shaming that they got called out
for in a big way and this again shows
just the power that we have and students
have when they stand up when they
protest and when they speak out yeah I
think this is the right thing to happen
yeah this is what happened you know you
hear all these stories about how
religious organizations are gonna start
using that as a loophole not to have to
provide coverage but then you do it at a
university where like they read and
stuff and people are smart and you're
gonna get the graduate school to just
show up and mass and say no that's not
going to happen especially when people
it see it's just it's College it's
people are gonna be sexually active
you're taking hormone balls putting them
right next to each other they're gonna
have sex and it's and they want to be
responsible about it let them be
responsible about it and don't do this
weird it is fittingly like traditionally
like Catholic to do like you know yeah
it's like super we just be open and
honest and communicate and let this
happen
yeah so yeah one thank God for grad
students right now yeah that student
like they read this not only
undergraduate students who probably
don't even recognize that they have
agency to affect change right so grad
students come in who are you know in a
period of life typically they're
typically you know older doing family
planning right so you can't strip people
of birth control and you certainly can't
parse out if you're doing it for acne
that's mine or you're doing it it's like
what like it's the same medicine you're
trying to restrict the function or how I
use it don't do that well also they also
say that you could only use it if you
have a medical condition pregnancy as a
medical condition right having the
vagina is a medical
that they're trying to tax originally
yes is a badge tax and I think it's
really important to note like yes it's
amazing that these grad students were
and students in general this is who
signed the petition that's sure who did
the protests were informed and spoke out
about it but also to these two Notre
Dame students who joined this lawsuit I
mean having your name in a lawsuit like
that you can be especially when you're
at so a private institution you could be
dragged but you could face some serious
consequences and one of the students I
read a quote from her from her said you
know I feel really uncomfortable saying
that I use this for anything other than
pregnancy prevention I'm gonna be honest
about that and you should support me in
that because that helps me achieve
equity that helps me continue my
education if this is an educational
institution birth control allows me to
continue my education and you know
achieve my career goals that I want to
achieve and you should support me and
not and not try to hamper that with
these antiquated and and stupid
legislation and eventually and you have
students who aren't Catholic who attend
your University so it's like you can't
legislate morality on campus it's it's
ridiculous and it puts it puts students
in a position where they do have to out
these things that are very private right
yeah it is something that is is yes
oftentimes considered private but I also
think that it can be something that is
not as stigmatized like I think it's
important to to come forward and be like
oh no I use you know birth control for
not having babies so that I can still
have sex like that's okay decide nothing
wrong with they don't just oh no and use
it from an acne and if you do use it for
your acne great that's good for you but
you can also use it to not have babies
that's still okay for all of us but
think of that you know acne or baby yeah
I mean like it can be just go what year
is it yeah if this was 1992 it would I'd
still be shocked yeah we're trying to
take away birth control yeah like this
is 2017 now and only for the next few
months and it's gonna be 2018 how is how
is this a thing I dunno I think Notre
Dame
was real confident they got their
football teams winning again they're
like what else what could we do now that
we're on a roll take away birth control
and then people got about but if they
lose to Miami this weekend
they're gonna take the birth control
away again yeah I just said I think you
know obviously I think this is great for
the Notre Dame students and for the
Notre Dame employees but also I think
this is important for students around
the country who may feel powerless when
these sorts of legislations are enacted
on on nationwide level or statewide
level or just from your university or
whatever it may be but you do have the
power I mean look at these students who
petitioned and protested you do have the
power to enact change and really really
quickly I mean look at that this was a
week ago
and they enact a change within a week
but I do understand where Notre Dame's
coming from because their whole religion
is based on an unexpected pregnancy if
you like the young turks you'll love
young turks membership TYT Network
dot-com /join
