Donald Trump addressed the Parliament of
South Korea yesterday and we're here
today so I guess the world didn't end
that's good I was really worried about
what he might say there but we do want
to go through some of his commentary and
see what we can expect in the near
future from the diplomatic efforts
between the u.s. and North Korea and
South Korea and also China of course all
related players here so we got a couple
of videos of Trump first here he is
drawing a fairly hardline piece of a hem
and North Korea the regime has
interpreted America's past restraint as
weakness this would be a fatal
miscalculation this is a very different
administration than the United States
has had in the past do not underestimate
us and do not try us I also have come
here to this peninsula to deliver a
message directly to the leader of the
North Korean dictatorship the weapons
you're acquiring are not making you
safer they are putting your regime in
grave danger North Korea is not the
paradise your grandfather
envisioned it is a hell that no person
deserves he's such a slow reader it's so
funny well he thinks that if he talks
slower it'll sound like he has gravitas
yeah it sounds like he's having trouble
with the teleprompter and he's first
he's like here in his mind here's the
word and they said theater yeah he had
read it first then you will be
devastated it's like it's like he's on
Thorazine or something like you take a
couple - what vicodins and he's got to
read something out loud it's like this
state of the union have to you have to
constantly pause for applause yeah you
need to give them ample time to sigh
real
long and hard you know you don't want to
interrupt that yes um so look he's he
said worse things and more threatening
things in the past he talked about you
know meeting North Korea with fire and
fury which is a line he got off of Game
of Thrones like he said worse things but
this is still pretty aggressive and I'm
gonna be honest like just from an
outside point of view does he think that
they don't know that we have that wasn't
they know we can annihilate every single
inch of it I don't get this stupid
posturing like this is high school yeah
we could nuke every bit of it and a
whole bunch of other stuff too we could
do that we could nuke it and then we
could look at it with a drone and be
like oh that section is still not shiny
enough and we could nuke it again
obviously what is the point of this this
back and forth unless it's not it
doesn't nothing to do with North Korea
and this is purely he's hoping that if
you know Fox News plays some of this
video he'll look strong and dignified
and whatever back here maybe maybe
that's who he's targeting with this sort
of commentary everybody's been bellicose
about North Korea including John McCain
and including Hillary Clinton so he is
also that way but Chomsky according to
Chomsky North Korea has offered many
times to end their nuclear program and
they just wanted us to stop doing war
games on their coast and we said no
thanks we're gonna keep doing that so
every year we have this huge looks like
we're invading their country and they
don't know if we are or not and so far
we haven't but we do these huge war
games we fight fly b-1 bombers over
their country and everything and we're
just constantly doing that and Kim Jong
has asked us to stop doing that and
he'll give up his nuclear program
according to Chomsky we've said no and
that was Barack Obama's administration
repeatedly saying no so again it's us
being the aggressor and to me this is
again the military-industrial complex
wanting us to stay afraid of somebody so
they can justify spending a trillion
dollars on nuclear bombs in the next
couple of years
so that's what I think this is about I
don't think this is about anything else
except the military-industrial complex
wanting to keep us afraid which is why
we keep terrorism going which is why we
fund Isis and
that's what we're doing so we can keep
this war going perpetually and guess
what it's working like a charm but Jimmy
I didn't I didn't hear in his speech him
talk about the military-industrial
complex I mean he talked a lot about how
South Korea by billions of our dollars
worth of our weapons buyers and tanks
and all that right yeah I love it so
that's what they say oh you dummy you
speak in lofty terms and then you go in
a back room and you sell them billions
of dollars yes you're doing the speech
amaura
yes exactly right okay so it's obvious
what's here's the thing you know how we
all have that friend or friends or
family members who have no filter no
sense of subtlety and you have to be
really careful what you say around them
because you never know when they're
gonna repeat the wrong thing at the
wrong time
well now that guy's president yeah that
guy's president and domestically this is
a tool for progressives Trump is a gift
to progressives and I think we're seeing
that now because he's again he's showing
Republican policies for what they really
are the subtleties gone internationally
of course it's embarrassing and it's
kind of gross but the other thing he
really is unmasking he's unmasking how
ugly our military-industrial complex
really is
he's unmasking the point that it's all
about resources he's unmasking the point
that it's all about oil and stuff like
that it's not about the lies that we're
soul
Donald Trump is unmasking that again
unintentionally but it's happening yeah
the one thing that you know I'm like as
we're watching this I'm just wondering
what the people in the audience are
thinking how they're reacting and all
that and obviously like this is in South
Korea they are like two consecutive
stone throws away from North Korea like
the the most densely populated part of
South Korea is very close to the DMZ
back in grad school we read detailed
hour-by-hour analyses of what would
happen if hostilities broke out between
North Korean South Korea
how many lives had be lost each hour
from North Korean artillery which
riddles the mountains not far from the
DMZ and like every person in South Korea
people who live in Seoul know what will
happen if this conflict starts and I
don't get from Donald Trump any idea
that he takes its
or that he understands how much it
matters that we not go to war with North
Korea that whether they can ever reach
the US with a missile or not what they
can do to our allies in South Korea
would be historically devastating and he
goes there anybody blusters he wants to
look strong and all that and like
hundreds of thousands potentially
millions of lives are on the line qit
membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
