we've got some good news and some bad
news for you when it comes to the
Republican tax bill the good news is for
the Republicans the bad news for you me
the rest of the panel and the country
unfortunately because we now know how
much this tax plan is likely to add to
the national debt
you know coming from the CBO the CBO
recent analysis relied on the Joint
Committee of taxations finding that the
bill would cut revenues by one point
four trillion dollars over ten years
which fall I love this sentence which
falls within the whether Republicans
allowed themselves in their budget
resolution but that's actually not how
much it's gonna cost with debt servicing
it's gonna cost 1.7 trillion dollars
which is more than what they allowed
themselves but they might know it though
Oh call it goods stay tuned
yeah so that meat that's significant
because that means that Republicans will
be able to pass the bill through budget
reconciliation meaning they need only a
simple majority rather than the 60 votes
which you needed during the Obama years
to pass every single piece of
legislation they actually Obamacare got
passed out of 51 vote actually that is
true that is true yes so this is how you
beat Trump then you go after his
bullshit policies as giveaways to
billionaires him refilling the swamp
after he'd Wayne he drank and he found
his cabinets at the bottom of this one
so this is how you beat Trump you come
after him when you talk about health
care you beat him when you talk about
his bullshit tax policies you beat him
when you talk about how he's spending an
extra eighty billion dollars a year on
military nobody wants you beat him when
you talk about Russia that strengthens
him so I would talk it go at his
economic policies which are only
favoring the rich and screwing over
everybody else and that's how you beat
him what's interesting about this bill
in particular is they sort of waited to
roll it out but we knew basically what
was gonna be in it so by the time it had
come out less than a third of the
country had a favorable impression of it
and I saw a couple days ago that it said
60% of the country thinks that it's
designed to benefit the wealthy 60%
why not 40% doesn't see that or doesn't
care maybe the maybe well maybe I don't
know I'm gonna guess so you have the 20
top 20% earners
okay they're happy so you're really
talking about maybe 20% and maybe
they're uninformed they don't they don't
watch the news and I find out my phone
and I'm like I don't know about it so
maybe they're just feelings possible or
that's desperate for the approval of the
top 20% oh maybe you know I'm certain
aspirational thing yeah so there's this
thing too that people of you know even
Joe Biden went down when he was
campaigning and he said you know rich
people are just as patriotic as poor
people Bernie might not want to hear
that but that's the truth
so that's that bullshit of towns rich
people pay most of the taxes you know
it's it's that idea that somehow we're
imposing on rich people and we ask them
to pay their fair share and so we have
guilt about it and we're you know rich
people pay most of them so they also get
help I feel bad for the rich
me too yeah think about what they could
do think about the countries they could
buy if they weren't paying taxes so that
we could have you know roads and stuff
they're just trying to make more jobs
they're just trying so it's some day
they're gonna do it people don't
understand that you don't tax a guy's
first house as highly as you tax a guy's
second house or a third house do you
understand that
so you tax wealth you don't tax
necessities you got to have necessities
you don't want to tax those but you
don't have to have a summer home or a
vacation condo or that that's what you
tax and that's how you pay for shit and
that's how you stop having dynasties if
you have an estate tax by the way and so
if you don't have an estate tax that
hurts the economy okay by the way I saw
another thing this was an analysis by I
think the Tax Policy Center that showed
that by 2027 people making you know when
you say like 20% top 10% people don't
exactly know where they're at
necessarily and a lot of people believe
they're better off than they actually
are but let's talk specifics people
making between 30,000 and $75,000 a year
with children would actually see their
taxes go up up now the people below that
see their taxes go a little bit down but
it saves them 10 bucks a year or
something like that and the same for the
people above them but those people in
the actual literal middle class paying
more in taxes under this plan but think
about what you get for those taxes you
get to enrich a billionaire you get to a
rich a billionaire and take and take
health care away yeah
I mean you may not have your texts
anymore but you can probably fire a
pretty cool gun right do that well in
again look at what this is adding to the
debt one of the things Donald Trump ran
on we're gonna be fiscally responsible
I'm gonna run this like one of my
businesses which I always knocked it out
of the park with those businesses wink
wink but he ran on that and now look at
what this is adding to the debt again
and what is this these are Republican
policies that he's parodying
right this isn't a bad job so this isn't
just him uniquely Trump this is just
regular Republican stuff well this you
know we always see and we talk about
this on the show we've done it year
after year after year you know if
there's a Democratic president then
Republicans are fiscally conservative
they care about debts and deficits they
can even start a tea party based purely
on that and then they get in power they
get a president and suddenly they'll
allow themselves 1.5 trillion dollars a
year that's healthy extra but that was
already going up every year this is more
this is accelerating the process and the
danger here is that if this thing gets
passed it's not just a huge giveaway but
at some point someone is gonna have to
be responsible with this shoot of the
way that they're gonna destroy the
federal budget in the added deficits and
the added
national debt and so what happens in a
few years when a new president comes in
what is he going to be able to afford to
do if they've already given all that
money to corporations in the top one
percent that's the point John they want
to break government exactly encrypted so
people think government doesn't work
because they just came well it's that
old joke about Republicans say
government doesn't work then they get
elected and prove it
so that's what they're trying to get
elected to prove it yeah they're trying
to break it so nobody else has even fix
it after they get done break exactly if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
