hi guys I'm in Portugal this is my first
international live video I'm at the Web
Summit here I've got three speaking
engagements today actually but I saw the
huge Democratic victories and I wanted
to make a video about it
first of all Democrats won all over the
country won the governorship in New
Jersey flipped a state legislature in
Washington with which Wolfpack at a nice
role to play in so I'm very proud of
that and now they should hopefully pass
a law in the state of Washington calling
for a convention to get money out of
politics that's gonna be super exciting
so all of you who fought in Washington
great job you've got the first female
mayor in Seattle in 92 years you've got
Democratic mayor's all over the south
now now look some of that is not
surprising because some of the cities
are more democratic in the south and
overall States but so it's really great
to get wins for minorities for Democrats
for women all over the south so that's
wonderful to know and then of course a
big news is Virginia so Northam is
definitely not my kind of Democrat man
if there's one state in the country that
loves establishment Democrats it's
Virginia so I you know that's clear and
I get it and he was not the most
progressive guy in the race but look
that's what you have primaries for any
any one the primary and and then in a
general election you prefer a so-called
centrist Democrat like northern to a
Republican like Ed Gillespie damn
straight you do ed cholesky ran a
terrible hideous campaign where he ran
against immigrants and an inclusion and
he ran campaign ads connecting Democrats
and child molesters and the terrorists
ed gillespie was a terrible terrible guy
who ran an awful campaign so I'm
thrilled that he lost it has a Democrat
or progressive you should be really
happy about that win in Virginia because
that means we get to read district for
Jinni in 2020 not the Republicans and
they would have done a tear
job of redistricting they would have
made it horribly unfair so there was a
huge wind any way you slice it in
Virginia but he gets better in a
district where Republican had introduced
a transgender bathroom bill and trans
progressive activists won his seat so he
introduced a trans bathroom bill and he
lost to someone who was trans that's
perfect it's wonderful but the best of
all here's a Democratic Socialist who
got no help from the Democratic Party or
the DNC they said he they thought he had
no chance and they wouldn't cooperate
with him and he beat the Majority Whip
for the Republicans in Virginia in a
southern state that is unbelievable that
a Democratic Socialist beat a Republican
leader in the state of Virginia already
the Democrats have picked up 14 seats
and they thought six or eight pickups in
the in the Virginia House would have
been a a big victory they've already
picked up 14 and they might pick up more
and if they pick up 17 they flip that
assembly so that would be amazing so it
was a tsunami an absolute landslide and
and the Democrats won almost everywhere
what did I tell you man 2018 is going to
be pretty good 2020 is going to be
gigantic for Democrats especially if
they run progresses progressives win
even without anybody's help and even
against the so-called toughest
Republicans so I look I've been saying
it from day one I'll say it one more
time in 2020 Democrats if they elect if
they nominate a progressive in the
primary will win 42 states I know people
think that's outrageous
it's not the landslides are coming 33 to
38 percent is where Trump is in the
polls and I Got News for you that is
terrible there is no mood
math that makes that good electoral
outcomes no they only want some of the
special elections because they were in
deeply red districts Trump is terribly
unpopular so here come progressives a
great day for America
