it is important to get to the bottom of
the truth and it seems as though there
is little interest in getting an
independent organization involved to do
a real investigation to see if there is
corroborating information either
clearing his name Cavanaugh's name or at
least corroborating what these
allegations are now with that said the
testimony by the first accuser dr. Blasi
is set to take place on Thursday
Kavanaugh is also expected to testify
during that hearing things could change
as you all know the news cycle is
rapidly evolving and changing we'll see
what happens but with that said it does
seem as though Senate Republicans have
already made up their minds and I'll
give you a few examples first their
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
in a speech on the Senate floor Mitch
McConnell promised a vote on Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination shortly after the
hearing and cast the judge as a victim
of the weaponization of unsubstantiated
smears so it's clear that he's made up
his mind about it but there are some
Republicans who are speaking out in
pretty fascinating ways and Democrats
are you know huddling together trying to
figure out how to take advantage of it
I'm just being honest I mean it's
political on both sides so there senator
rich richard durbin and he's not he's a
Democrat but he's frustrated because he
had mentioned that hey Republicans are
now thinking about bringing on a
prosecutor to question dr. Blasi why and
and what are what are the terms what are
the details they're not being open and
honest about it so he said that he was
frustrated by the lack of specifics he
has heard from his Republican colleagues
some of the frustration stems from a
plan by Republicans to hire an outside
counsel to pose questions to Christine
Blasi Ford and here's what he said
specifically there are still many
unresolved issues we don't know who this
prosecutor is if that's what she is and
we don't know the procedure in the
committee what the sequence will be we
don't know how long our questioning
period is it's all a mystery right and
then he was asked what Republicans had
told him about Thursday's hearing and
Durbin replied dryly
the table and chairs situation has been
resolved so he's salty about the fact
that they're bringing on a prosecutor
and I think that's important to mention
because remember they don't want the FBI
to get involved because like this is not
a criminal investigation you know he's
not on trial stop treating him like he's
on trial okay but then you're bringing
on a sex crimes prosecutor to question
dr. Blasi and her lawyer specified that
they were not notified about it ahead of
time they're also being very hush-hush
toward her lawyers about this so there's
an issue there and then when it comes to
Republicans senators Collins and
Murkowski they still seem on the fence
about this and they think that it's
important to have a fair hearing but I
don't I don't really know how they're
gonna come out on this because it seems
like they're wavering constantly so
Murkowski says I'm sorry Susan Collins
says that she would like to see Debra
Ramirez speak under oath to the
committee but has not specified when she
would like to see that happen seems like
other Republicans are you know not
wanting that to happen and then also
Lisa Murkowski says if the allegations
are true then Ramirez needs to be
willing to come forward with them just
as Ford has been willing to come forward
albeit reluctantly and understandably so
and so in order for us to take them
under consideration she needs to take
the next steps but what I don't really
understand about that framing is it
doesn't appear that your Republican
colleagues have asked for that and it
doesn't seem like they want that I think
it would be important for her to speak
as well well so Murkowski told the
reporters that she wants an FBI
investigation so that's really important
there so if she sticks to that and
assists on it then we're not gonna have
a vote soon because they need almost
every vote so we'll see if she really
means that or not that would be
potentially money mounts really
important Republicans could lose one
vote an overall Senate and still get it
through if Pence votes to break the tie
but they can't lose two votes so every
one of them is precious now when it
comes to back to the Republicans who are
being unreasonable
my favorite of Lauda's orrin hatch they
asked him about Ramirez allegations he
I said what I said which is well it's
tough to say you didn't remember but now
you do but he's like no they're phony
okay and they sort of the reporter asked
him why why do you think that he he says
quote because I know it is that's why
how do you know that were you at Yale or
at that party how could you possibly
know that in other words I don't give a
damn what the truth is I just wanted to
put Cavanaugh on the court cause he's
gonna rule this the way my some of my
voters that wanted that are anti-choice
but also my donors my donors want a
Kavanagh so I don't give a damn what he
did or didn't do to a woman earlier okay
so Orrin Hatch isn't seeking reelection
right that's right okay so I think it's
important to bring that up because often
times as was the case with someone like
Mark Sanford for instance Mark Sanford
all of a sudden cares a lot about what
tax cuts are gonna do to the economy
after he loses the primary so now he's
free to really speak his mind and be who
he really is instead of you know
appealing to his donors on the other
hand was someone like orrin hatch who's
not seeking re-election you see who he
really is which is a deplorable person
yeah yeah if anything he's actually lead
into the corruption even more yeah now
that he's retired because he's been on
watching us so long it's who he is it's
in his bones
so now last thing is the cowardice of
the Republicans on the Judiciary
Committee and I think that word is fair
because what they're gonna do is it
looks like based on what I and I just
explained to you they're gonna hide
behind a woman so they're gonna get a
female prosecutor to try to grill dr.
Blasi so grilling her already bad enough
and she's and her lawyer says that's
just disrespectful I thought we were
trying to air things out not try to do
cross-examination etc you could you know
have a different opinion on that I
understand but hiding behind someone
else why by the way if you don't get it
why they're doing that because they
don't want to be on tape to be used on
commercials later attacking this woman
viciously but they do want to attack her
viciously so they're gonna hire a woman
to go attack her and then turn around go
to it wasn't me it wasn't me I didn't
have the moral
ask the questions by the way is that
normal or not normal
otally unnormal right okay the Democrats
can ask their own questions and the
Republicans in every other instance that
I have ever seen in covering politics
for a long time they they always ask
their own questions they never bring in
somebody they don't call the southpaw in
from the bullpen that's the questions
you only do that if you're trying to hit
the person super hard but not be blamed
for it
so if I were a Democrat a Democratic
Senate senator on the Senate Judiciary
Committee I would respond to this by
also hiring a prosecutor too because if
you're gonna treat it like it's a trial
then let's treat it like it's a trial
let's bring on a prosecutor on the other
side to conduct the line of questioning
toward Cavanaugh why I got a guy who was
pretty good at law enforcement James
Comey but honestly I I don't even want
Comey I'm kidding I wouldn't want any
whole areas just to see what Trump's
reaction like if he Pro starts coming
out of the tunnel just to see Trump's
reaction he'd lose his mind
but look by the way that one last part
of it is that all eleven Republicans on
the Judiciary Committee are men so
they've got one woman to hide eleven
guys behind so if I'm a Democrat I want
to ask the questions if you're a
Republican and you had any kind of
courage you would want to ask the
questions to arrive at the truth and not
hide behind anybody the TYT Plus app is
now available on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
dot-com slash app
