so see she released a photo of herself
but not just any photo okay this was a
nude photo of her that was taken from
behind because some sort of agency or
some person was it was trying to sell
this picture to her fans and they said
if you make the purchase this will be
this photo will be unblurred and you'll
receive an additional 14 images there
you can see it right there so SIA
clapping back in her tweet she says
someone is apparently trying to sell
naked photos of me to my fans so she
beat him to the punch she said save your
money here it is for free every day is
Christmas
good job SIA I mean there have been so
many celebrities
I feel like mostly female unfortunately
they'd have fallen prey to this I mean
you take some sexy pictures for your
spouse and somehow through the interwebs
it winds up getting into the wrong hands
and it's just unfortunate there was that
time that we saw our land of blooms
eggplant on us on a paddleboard and
Justin Bieber is home yes yes men have
fallen victim to boogly yeah yeah yeah
uh-huh don't because it is a violation
of their privacy but thank you driving
the point home is this I mean is this
how you how to handle something like
this and I think yeah my feeling when I
when I heard about this story was if
this is the sick twisted world that
we're gonna be living in where people
are just selling naked images of people
who did not want that and who were just
having a moment in their own privacy
online to make a profit then yeah I
guess this is this is the way to deal
with it in the sense of just owning it
making sure that these assholes do not
get a penny of your fans money or but
fans is I think actually see was being
very generous when she said sell naked
photos of me to my fans I think real SIA
fans and this is something that I saw on
Twitter as well
would have no interest in purchasing
these photos that
you know that that violated her privacy
online so fans is a generous word but I
think that for SIA to make sure that
these people don't get a penny from
anyone who would want to see these these
photos good for her this is under the
way to handle it however it is so
unfortunate that there has to be some
sort of a protocol in this day and age
on how to how to handle it when your
nudes get leaked online like that's
that's really messed up this imeem one
of the saddest parts about this whole
story is that whereas 99.99999% of
celebrities like loves the camera and
love you know getting the picture taken
and like being out in public whatever
SIA is like the glitch and the matrix in
which she's like the only one who really
kind of you know she recoils from the
cameras she famously like covers her
face you know she doesn't like to be
taking her picture to be taking of her
so the fact that it happened to her of
all people I mean I'm guessing she's
probably going through a pretty hard
time so the fact that she did this is
incredibly courageous just a way to sort
of take back her agency and control but
yeah I do feel really bad for her
because it's gotta be brutal I mean I
can't even imagine oh yeah and I mean
this happened to Jennifer Lawrence I
think and it's just it's such a
violation when when and the different
thing is though with with this this
looks like it was some sort of paparazzi
photo to kind of like the ones that were
taking a Brad Pitt Justin Bieber where
they're just in their element they're
nude for whatever reason and and then
someone violates the privacy by sneaking
a camera or drone over the fence so yeah
but it's just in any instance like can
you just not be a terrible person and
and share nude photos when people like
without someone's permission can you
just can we just not do that is that so
hard because she did it those who
because look he said we we could list if
we have to look it up to list I think it
was actually the cloud violation it got
Jennifer Lawrence and many others yeah
right what was even worse yeah cuz at
least there's always their argument if
stops taking these pictures how could
you send that over the Internet webs and
somebody's gonna intercept it because
that's being irresponsible knowing
people are gonna look for your ass so
litter literally
so at least at least in in this aspect
its it'll again it looked like someone
had taken a paparazzi photo for it like
it a beach or something somewhere who
knows and so this that go by so fast
that by Friday
no one's gonna remember not not remember
but no one's gonna be talking about
anymore so at least she got the
detention out of the way she's gonna
have to x' day everybody talking about
this and then by Wednesday they're gonna
go oh I totally forgot about that
picture and it's the best way to do it
sucks if it has to be that's the best
way to do it I I just feel like we
should just have a PSA for people that
are looking for these naked pictures
online you guys know there's porn right
there are there many websites millions
of people who have said anything I want
it's okay to take photos of me naked
that want you to click on that a lot of
times for free so why not just do that
and leave people in in the decency of
their own privacy what pictures of
people that didn't want them is yeah I
have this theory that in you know in
about 20 years
basically will have seen every single
public person naked at some point you
know so there's gonna be like there's
gonna be like an inflection point we're
gonna every single public person you
start doing this show naked yeah so at
some point we're gonna elect the
president who will we have we will have
seen naked cuz they just won't be able
to find candidates who don't have some
sort of naked picture floating around
some cloud or some network somewhere and
then we'll get hacked and it will be
made public and they just won't be able
to find anyone because everyone has done
it I shouldn't laugh because this is I
mean I don't disagree with you and I
think this is a terrifying trivia it's
just the world that we live in and I
think that with you know with with the
Russian interference in the election
you're seeing how social media is just
really sort of gotten out of control you
know and and we're in this new time it's
almost like the wild wild west and and
we've got these new ways of distributing
and receiving information so I wonder
and I'm going to pose this question to
you guys is it time for some sort of
regulation when it comes to these these
nude photo
that are a violation of someone's
privacy or rights or freedom or is that
overreaching there should be I think
that there should be a lot more
regulation over over social media
monopolies in general that they're like
a company like Facebook or you know if
you think about how much power they have
throughout the whole world the fact that
they're so awake and you know outside of
sort of the political process is a huge
worry I'm worried about criminalizing
this kind of thing because especially in
our country whenever we criminalize
something we just ramped up the carceral
state which is already out of control
and the burden will undoubtedly fall on
minorities in the poor you know again
rich people won't get in trouble for
this kind of thing the poor and
minorities will so I don't think that
the response should be a punitive one
but I do think that there should be more
oversight and democratic control over
these large monopolistic social media
platforms yeah I mean I I I definitely
echo what I'm hearing from you and you
know Jennifer Lawrence went so far as to
say when her photos got leaked that it
was she felt it was a sex crime so I do
totally agree yeah I do feel that there
needs to be stronger boundaries and
regulations to make sure that we
shouldn't have to live in this day and
age where we're it's just sort of par
for the course that anyone's you're I
mean we're we're talking about a
celebrity on right now but if anyone
could access someone's you know
compromising or intimate photos and just
leaked them online or sell them or
blackmail you that's not it's not right
it's just not so there should be some
more more over-regulation and oversight
and I think that there is a way to do
that that is comprehensive and also that
isn't necessarily overly criminalizing a
non-violent offense but that is
something that is still very criminal in
nature and predatory in nature I don't
think that we should just settle for
like well this is the world we live and
it is right now but let's let's aim to
do better the other thing that we could
do is like have more resources to you
know protect ourselves more information
I mean right now I mean people are just
zipping around the naked pictures like
the interwebs like it was nothing like a
there's probably there can be ways to do
it if you're so inclined to do it in a
more secure fashion than it's currently
so like I think also you know some some
form of protection that you can sort of
take is probably a good idea
