John Schnatter he I'm having a hard time
with his name John Schnatter because it
sounds like an asshole
you know I'm not saying that I'm just
saying I'm having us struggling with
that syllable alright so he spoke out
about the NFL protests believe it or not
that's actually where this starts so he
said the NFL leadership has hurt Papa
John's shareholders the NFL has been a
long and valued partner over the years
but were certainly disappointed that the
NFL and its leadership did not resolve
the ongoing situation to the
satisfaction of all parties long ago
this should have been nipped in the bud
a year and a half ago so he was
basically implying that by professional
athletes taking a knee during the
national anthem at NFL games hurt Papa
John's Pizza sales yeah that there was a
correlation in essence and he says this
because the the protests have caused NFL
ratings and viewership to decline
therefore less people are seeing Papa
John's Pizza ads which means less people
are buying Papa John's Pizza so that's
the logic there although Pizza Hut a
competitor for Papa John's they said
that for them the protests the decline
in NFL viewership it really hasn't hurt
their pizza sales at all
so following John Schneider's comments
on the protests a neo-nazi and white
supremacist website I'm not even going
to tell you which one it is because they
don't deserve publicity they declared
that because of his statement because of
his stance on the NFL protest that Papa
John's became the official pizza of the
alt-right
I I just I'm just taking a moment guys I
love the story I'm just taking a moment
so in response to that John Schnatter he
said that we condemn racism in all forms
and any and all hate groups that support
it we do not want these individuals or
groups to buy our pizza so the company
taking a very hard stance against Nazis
brave very brave what do you do with
Papa John's Pizza now do you what do you
do is look
good that they released a statement
saying we do not want Nazis to hire
pizza that's good they're still gonna
have the reputation for a while as the
pizza company that had to come out and
say hey we don't like it that Nazis love
our pizza pizza I didn't have to do that
Domino's is just raking it in I mean
Domino's is really smart here to just be
silent
Little Caesars that's the one cuz here's
the chain as I see it and listen will
debate it in the comments section below
I would love to and you can at me for
sure think it goes Domino's then pizza
and then it was like a tie a tie between
Papa John's and Little Caesars Little
Caesars now you gotta get the job you've
got to get that jump now in Papa John's
because again they are now the pizza
that had to denounce Nazism yikes I love
this story so much for a couple reasons
I think that this is this one little
story is a perfect microcosm for our
broader politics absolutely Papa John is
one of our country's most famous
reactionary CEOs when Obamacare passed
back in 2011 he famously went apoplectic
and had like a total meltdown in public
saying that he now had to you know
because he had to give his his
employees all health insurance he's got
to raise the price of his pizzas by 14
cents and he was gonna do everything
possible to pass the costs these these
vicious vicious burden of giving his
employees health care on to consumers
and he got a huge backlash then so he
has a little habit of you know waiting
in the into politics and having it bite
him in the butt but now in 2017 it's the
perfect microcosm of rich CEO Republican
guy wading into politics the sort of
Nazi troll army kind of latching onto it
the the rich Republican CEO guy be like
oh my god what what are these people you
know and then having to like denounce
them in some sort of awkward way it's
just perfect it's just like the perfect
little microcosm of what the Republican
Party did to sort of like stoke the
fears and stoke the little thing you
know the the resentments of you know
white nationalists for so long that is
now you know metastasized and biting
them and then it's created a huge PR
nightmare for them
we shouldn't be too shocked at the guy
that thought he should definitely be the
spokesperson for the company he's one of
the most Awkward guys I've ever seen
when he puts himself in those
commercials I mean does he I don't I'm
not even fully convinced that he's
blinked that's another thing please
tweet me if you have proof he's
everybody's blinked the I want to see it
I believe this conspiracy theory I'm on
board
no way I don't pizza better ingredients
Papa John's I don't think that it's fair
to say that the Republican Party at
large has stoped the the passions of
white nationalists for years but I do
think that you as a CEO if you are in
this day and age you have to know what's
going to happen if you wade into
politics and I think there's I think
there are some times where it's it's
appropriate and responsible to weigh in
but I mean you just you have to know
that it's going to it there's a very
good chance that it could affect your
business your audience in some way help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
