last year voters in Maine passed the
ballot initiative to switch their voting
system over to what's called a ranked
choice voting system now there's a good
chance if you're watching this show you
are familiar with what that is I was
talked about a good amount during the
last round of primaries because it's
widely seen as one of the ways among
other things that it's intended to fix a
lot of problems that third party
candidates could potentially make more
headway in in u.s. elections now it's
important to know that up until right
now in the u.s. it's used for some types
of elections in eleven US cities
uniformly blue cities but they pass this
ballot initiative in Maine to switch
over their voting system now for
presidential races just for the
statewide races but it is certainly
something now if you're not familiar
with this or how it would actually
function here's a brief overview
although I recommend you read more up on
this because there's a lot of
interesting information instead of
casting a ballot for a single candidate
the way you do now the voter would rank
all of their candidates by preference so
if there were four people running for
you know Congress you would say I vote
this guy number one her number two then
number three whatever if no one wins a
majority on the first round of voting
which is actually often the case in a
lot of a lot of races the candidate with
the fewest votes would be eliminated for
voters that means if the eliminated
candidate was your first choice your
second choice vote would be applied in
the next round of counting it's the idea
there is right now you have to make this
decision between backing one candidate
and if it's a candidate that doesn't
have a very high chance of voting in
many cases it might be that in terms of
affecting the election votes could be
wasted that may not be the right term
but the candidate doesn't get voted for
or doesn't get elected but with this
sort of system you could vote for
whoever you want and if there's no
plurality if they get 3% 5% 10% and
nobody gets over 50% then your
second-place candidate would still have
your support and so it would free people
up to support candidates that right now
the system sort of tries to stop you
from supporting and that's
the way everyone would describe the
system but that's one of the ways that I
see it anyway now this is not common in
the US as I said but rank-choice voting
is used in Ireland in Australia also
it's how they pick Oscar nominees for
Best Picture which I thought was an
interesting fact so they passed it in a
ballot initiative look at that people in
Maine decide that the way the system
works right now isn't delivering the
results that they want and they're not
just looking to get one person in there
they're looking to change the system to
take matters into their own hands
because the legislature wouldn't act
unfortunately then the legislature did
act and they delayed the laws execution
until 2021 which in my experience is
their way of delaying it until the end
of time because that's a lot of time to
delay and delay and delay and so under
the current system lawmakers will have
until the 2022 elections when you have
the choice to vote for Donald Trump jr.
or Eric Trump to amend the law to make
it constitutional or else face a full
repeal so not only is it delayed but it
will only go into effect at that point
if they also amend the Constitution and
so all the people who worked so hard to
pass this ballot initiative we're like
no you're not good it's just gonna shut
down our efforts and so as of today I
believe it was today
judges decreed that they can have 90
days to collect over 60,000 signatures
to place a people's veto of effectively
the veto on the ballot and so that's a
lot of signatures to gather in a short
period of time in a state like Maine but
today actually there are hundreds of
volunteers going around the state trying
to gather those signatures this is
something that already had a lot of
support in Maine and now I think after
the Republican attempt to shut it down
people should be more interested in this
they should be more passionate about
this issue so hopefully you have already
sought out and put down your signature
for that if you live in Maine yeah and
actually if you live in Maine you can go
to them you don't have to wait for them
to come to your door it's the committee
for ranked choice voting Maine or rcv
Maine so go to them make it easy sign
their petition and then get your your
ballot initiative
exactly how many times have to vote to
get the same thing
poor Maine at least a few top and that
that's the thing that scares me so thank
you for pointing out that don't wait for
them to come to you it's a small state
but a couple hundred people could still
not get to you go find them and if you
have a little bit of extra time maybe
you can help to gather signatures I mean
60,000 ain't nothing but if enough
people sign up each person only has to
get so many signatures and then the
people's will can actually be made into
law and importantly as was supposed to
be the case in US history we've got 50
states
they're supposed to be these
laboratories of democracy where we can
try something out in one state or five
or ten and see you know how it's going
like Colorado just passed how many years
with legal marijuana five or something
last time I checked it wasn't Mad Max
there so apparently it doesn't have to
destroy your country these things are
useful so it would be great to see Maine
using that now in just a little bit of
background on why it is that the
Republicans might have shut this down
you should know that the state's current
governor Republican Paul LePage first
took office in a three way race in which
he got only a plurality of the vote in a
contest against democratic and
independent candidates I've run all the
numbers but it's possible that had they
had that system he would not be governor
today and he wouldn't have been there to
make racist remarks about out-of-state
drug dealers and he wouldn't have been
there to shut down expansion of Medicaid
to low and middle income Mainers so that
would've been interesting it's also
possible that if in other cases like if
in the Republican primary if they had
run that through rank choice I don't
think Donald Trump would be your
president right now because you had the
establishment weak spineless Republican
votes split amongst a whole bunch of
establishment weak spineless individuals
and that wouldn't have necessarily been
the case had they had something like
this anyway one other thing that I
wanted to mention though is that this
I'm not saying it's a pattern yet but
the Legislature's shutting down this
sort of effort reminded us here at TYT
of another thing that happened and that
was in South Dakota when the people
passed a Anti Corruption ballot measure
and so what that was designed to do was
it stopped certain sorts of gifts being
given from
to politicians that set up an
independent organization in government
to check for corruption and things like
that
it was wider than that but that was a
few of the things that they did and the
legislature just said no we're not going
to let you set this up to constrain our
activities and they shut it down and so
it's great to see people getting out
there and trying to reform the system
but we have to make sure that the
politicians don't shut down those
reforms before they can do what they're
intended to do support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
dot-com / join
