the Senate Judiciary Committee is
planning to vote on Cavanaugh's
confirmation the day after the hearing
featuring his first accuser dr.
Christine Blasi Ford and so yeah it'll
take place on Friday and that's
according to a notice that Senator Chuck
Grassley of Iowa sent out and so this is
honestly expected it was pretty clear
based on some of the comments coming
from Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell that they wanted to vote
shortly after the hearing but this is
really shortly after literally the day
after no no this is them saying we don't
give a damn we're moving on and we don't
want to hear from a third woman or a
fourth woman because they didn't in
dangerous hit the likelihood that he is
going to get on the court or that any
conservative is going to get on the
court so are they treating this fairly
to see to really hear doctor Blasio
nope come on what are they gonna hear
doctor blogs you'd be like oh you know
what that was compelling a we all
changed our minds yes I'm glad we're
voting tomorrow we're all gonna do a 180
immediately know if you were treating it
seriously you would take time to pause
consider it maybe talk to other people
think about hey how do we deliberate on
this should we have Ramirez in who is
other accuser etc no a Friday vote means
we have already made up our mind and
we're done with this so a few things to
address first off it remains unclear
whether or not Debra Ramirez will be
involved in any hearing right now it
seems as though she's not going to be
involved in the hearing that's planned
on Thursday no hearing has been
scheduled for Debra Ramirez but she and
her attorneys are adamant that an FBI
investigation should take place and I
completely agree with them on that if I
were accused of wrongdoing I would also
want the FBI to get involved if I truly
do believe that I was innocent also
another thing to consider is that there
is a possible twisty twist and that
twisty twist should take place at some
point tomorrow michael avenatti the
lawyer for stormy daniel says that he
has been in touch with a third woman a
third accused
we of course don't know the details of
those accusations but he says that we
will know what those accusations are
soon so it looks like there's gonna be
madness on Thursday the Republicans
don't even have the courage to ask the
questions themselves they're apparently
going to bury in a woman to do it
because all 11 of them are men there
might be curveballs coming tomorrow God
knows if they get asked about how will
the Democrats react now knowing that the
vote will 100% be rushed through and so
we're gonna cover it live we're gonna
cover every minute of those hearings at
TYT dot-com / live so we'll have our
different hosts and I will start the
proceedings at 10:00 in the morning
Eastern and we will have other co-hosts
coming in and doing live analysis as we
watch the hearings together also on
youtube.com slash tyt you could watch it
in either place and so don't miss the
Thursday hearings they will likely be
historic given the gravity of the
situation and then finally I think that
this is a bad idea politically for the
Republicans I know that they're not
overly concerned about my opinion on
that and so and perhaps maybe I
shouldn't even give them advice but I
rush limbaugh's giving them advice and
of course the wrong one
he says if that they don't rush
Kavanaugh through they'll be hell to pay
in the midterm elections Trump retweeted
that now of course Trump is a
knucklehead because you're not supposed
to worry about the politics of this if
you're pretending to care about the
women and you're pretending to care
about the issue itself and the person
themselves instead of worrying about the
midterm elections but Trump as usual not
bright enough to realize you're not
supposed to retweet that so but yeah I
mean look Trump has been on the record
in in various cases I'm not even talking
about Cavanaugh but through his
presidency even before his presidency
he's been pretty vicious to women and
he's been pretty clear that his ego and
his political motivations are much more
important to him than the safety and
well-being of women so that doesn't
surprise me at all that I do agree that
he's really miscalculating what this
could
to the Republicans politically oh my god
if Obama had said oh I just want to rush
the supreme court justice through
because of our political chances of the
Democratic Party people like oh my god
this is supposed to be a partisan
process how dare you besmirched office
where we're used to the madness with
Trump but finally that what I was gonna
tell the Republicans is look guys you if
especially if another woman comes out
tomorrow and you guys go three women
yeah we heard of for a second don't care
we didn't you know and we attacked her
during the hearings and we use a woman
and we hid behind her to do it the
prosecute of the thing you're bringing
in and don't care don't care don't care
what happened to women at all don't care
if he's guilty I'm gonna put him on the
Supreme Court it's gonna look terrible
you're already down by 25 points of
women in among women voters how low can
you go can you go to 35 because it is
going to be a slap right across their
face saying we don't care about you
we're gonna give this guy a lifetime
appointment is anyone think right now
that the Republican Party the
overwhelming majority of them haven't
already made up their mind so yes
there's a question about Murkowski and
cons and maybe flake right and but
there's no question about over 90% of
the Republicans they're like no no we're
done with this done I mean they say it
Lindsey Graham says are not good
questionnaire I'm gonna have somebody
else do but I think this is all
outrageous and I know which way I'm
gonna vote orrin hatch says all of it is
phony I know which way I'm gonna vote so
they're gonna say basically we don't
care if he sexually assaulted women
either way we're putting him on the
court that is a horrible horrible
message at least be more politically
savvy take a little bit more time so
that you could say hey we gave people a
fair hearing
but today's Republican Party is not
interested in fair here at least a
weekend at least I know you can't even
wait a weekend it's amazing the TYT Plus
app is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more Tea Party content
at TYT dot-com / app
