since actor Anthony Rapp came out with
sexual abuse allegations against Kevin
Spacey at least eight more men have come
forward including actor Harry Dreyfuss
who is the son of Richard Dreyfuss now
in a BuzzFeed essay Harry Dreyfus
detailed his experience of being groped
by Spacey when he was 18 years old he
recalled an incident that took place
while he was helping his father the
actor Richard Dreyfuss rehearse for a
play at Spacey's London apartment when
it happened he said that he looked into
Spacey's eyes and he gave the most
meager shake of his head that he could
imagine he said he was trying to warn
him without alerting his dad who still
had his eyes glued to the page he says I
thought I was protecting everyone I was
protecting my dad's career I was
protecting Kevin who my dad surely would
have tried to punch I was protecting
myself because I thought one day I'd
want to work with this man so this is a
great essay and a very brave essay by
Dreyfus and since this allegation came
out from Anthony Rapp last Sunday
all of these men have come out and this
seems to this pattern from Spacey seems
to date back decades and so I'm gonna
walk you through some of the timeline of
the allegations against Kevin Spacey so
we can see how long that this has been
going on and the pattern okay so in 1983
an anonymous man told New York magazine
that when he was 14 and Spacey was 24 he
began a sexual relationship with Spacey
that allegedly culminated and Spacey
attempting to rape him he said that he
tried to end the relationship when
somebody said that hey this is not
normal for a fourteen-year-old to have a
relationship with a 24 year old man in
1985 Spacey allegedly approached an
anonymous 17 year old boy befriending
the teen and then ultimately inviting
him to visit his home where spacely
progressed from being charming and
brotherly to sexually inappropriate
after rejecting Spacey's initial
advances the accuser says he woke up to
find species head on his stomach and his
arms wrapped around him Justin Dawes
told BuzzFeed that he met the 29 year
old Spacey in 1988 through a Connecticut
theatre when he was 16 years old and
junior in high school Spacey allegedly
invited Dawes and a friend to hang out
at his apartment where he served them
cocktails and played gay porn in 2003
director Tony Montana alleges that
specie approached him in a bar groped
him and said this designates ownership
as he did so you know Mexican actor
Robert Cavazos says tells a similar
story of being groped and thats
basically would actually multiple men at
old Vic's bar and these stories go on
and on and they all seem to I mean up
until now I mean we covered last week
that multiplies multiple anonymous cast
and crew members on the set of house of
cards have come forward about
inappropriate behavior from Spacey so
this is going up until now till 1983 for
all that we know we don't know if
there's going to be more allegations
that come out but what seems clear is
that this was happening unfortunately a
lot of people knew that it was happening
and space he thought that he was
untouchable
I mean when in this article that I
implore you guys all to read on BuzzFeed
from Harry Dreyfus he details species
audacity and doing this with his father
sitting right there he was like he knew
that he was untouchable that I wasn't
gonna say anything and nothing was gonna
happen to him and this is a common theme
with all these men in power who
perpetrate this they do not think that
they are going to be touched and finally
I mean following this Weinstein scandal
finally it is Judgment Day and these men
are coming down one by one I mean it's
just yeah I think the structured thing
about the is really striking and I think
you've really you touch on it so well
had at the very end you're put your
final point this Harry Dreyfus the son
of Richard Dreyfuss you see how he's
conflicted because on the one hand he
wants to say something do something
protest on the other hand he's aware of
the fact and conscious of the fact that
his father depends on this guy he
depends on this guy Kevin Spacey and
there's a professional relationship that
he's trying to protect because he knows
if he makes too big a deal of this it
could be ruined by
I'm making too big a deal of its and you
see in that the same problem that women
have had with all these powerful men
they want to do business with these men
they want to advance in their careers
they don't want it to be the end of
their career and they and Harvey once
and actually literally threatened I'll
ruin you you'll never work again if we
if you don't do it and that was sort of
both implied and explicitly stated so
you see now in this man on man type
situation the very same dynamic that we
saw played out with the powerful man and
young woman yeah and I think it's really
important to know that it is because of
a power dynamic and often times when
these sorts of cases happen it's like oh
I'm gonna go seek sex therapy and I'm
gonna you know help my sex addiction and
things like that it's not about sex it's
about a power dynamic and there's a
power dynamic here that these people
think that they are untouchable and can
do whatever they want because they know
that they can exert some sort of control
over these people's careers and
especially in a career like ha and in an
industry like Hollywood where you can be
sort of blackballed and and because it's
all about relationships right it's about
it's about connections and things like
next they are they are you know using
that and capitalizing on yeah because
they know that you need a job I mean me
being an actress myself I just you know
I can understand how women felt probably
intimidated in that moment to say what
do I do I mean he's Harvey Weinstein or
he's Kevin Spacey and I want this job so
what do i do do I do I say something
because then that'll hurt me and my
career will will it will people be on my
side I mean there's a lot of things that
you have to think about before coming
out and so that's why I think it's it's
such a brave move to do so and it's also
no ball effect to and your meetings and
castings has there ever been anything
that has sort of approached this sort of
weird place where you go oh this isn't
necessarily as straight as I want it to
be not to the extreme of that but I
think sometimes there there is like a
little room for for some
unprofessionalism that I've kind of gone
home like did that happen but nothing to
that extreme at all
I haven't fortunately I haven't you know
had
issues in that department but yeah I
mean they and honestly you're using the
right word they're the operative word
there's fortunately right I mean the
truth of the matter is yeah majority of
women have experience I feel like that
matter industry abuse and we're seeing
you know and additionally that young
boys I mean I think it's I believe it's
one in six boys will be sexually abused
before they're at 18 before the age of
eighteen and so this is happening and
it's about getting like having like
recognition yeah yeah having
consequences for their actions now that
people are seeing that there are
consequences to your actions you will
lose your job you will lose your company
you will lose your entire life because
of these sorts of actions where
previously you know if there were rumors
OHS he said she said oh she wanted it or
whatever it was consensual but now it
seems to be unfortunately it seems to be
you know profitable and it seems to be
in the best interest of these companies
to completely dissociate with these
characters which i think is a really
good shift in our culture and so we're
seeing that with Kevin Spacey everybody
is cutting ties with him from Netflix to
the theater that he worked at so I mean
I hope that other men look at this these
sorts of consequences and recognize that
this is not okay I mean it shouldn't
take consequences to know that it should
just be like I don't know a moral
compass but in the past four decades
they protected these powerful people
because it will money it was profit
that's the only reason Kevin Spacey was
profitable Kevin Spacey's company was
profitable Weinstein same story and now
perhaps as they see themselves
vulnerable from a profit standpoint that
is going to change it's the money it
money is the driver in this case and
this at this point in time money is on
our side help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
