following the Texas Church shooting on
Monday Fox & Friends said that church is
actually the best place to get shot
take a look we've been reporting this
shouldn't happen in a church but I was
downstairs talking with some people that
work here that we all talk about our
faith and we share the same beliefs we
were saying there's no other place we
would want to go and that other than
church because I'm there asking for
forgiveness I feel very close to Christ
when I'm there so I'm trying to look at
some positives here and know that those
people are with the Lord now and
experiencing eternity and and no more
suffering no more sadness anymore I
literally have no net years following
that it makes no sense I mean trying to
find positives after and they're only
positive is is it doesn't make sense
it's illogical it's insensitive I think
and I thought it was really interesting
when she said that she goes no more
suffering no more sadness anymore and
that like makes sense when you know your
12 year old dog is having hip problems
and is blind and you put him out of his
misery like you know there's no more
suffering anymore
that makes sense but for like the
healthy and vibrant like 18 month year
old and the five year old and the 72
year old who have all the victims of the
shooting who went to church on Sunday to
go pray and to be with their loved ones
and to be part of a community and then
were you know a lot like just shot out
of for no reason that's not though they
weren't sad that wasn't like you put
them out of their misery yeah they
weren't stage for cancer patients are
Ward are you kidding these people are
healthy people and they're in a church
it's absurd it's offensive it's it's
it's absolutely awful I mean just when
you think that the rhetoric on that show
yeah unbelievable I mean I just I can't
fathom trying to look for a positive in
a situation like that I don't think that
that's where my mind would go I just
yeah it's appalling that that was even a
comment that was made I'm wondering if
you know she'll kind of backtrack what
she has stated if she'll try to
apologize is she
I'm looking for the positive in this
situation and I'm hoping that she thinks
about what she said and incest herself
you know this isn't really a particular
situation where you try to look for the
pot like there are no positives in this
situation you know lives were being
taken and that's that's what we need to
be focused on and I don't live in that
in the future I mean it's if there's a
positive to be had it would come in the
form of a real dialog and discussion
about what we're going to do about this
country that has all these
semi-automatic weapons and they're so
easy to fit a soul search because that's
a crazy statement yes I agree and so so
they did try to have a conversation
about things that they could implement
to prevent something like this so they
actually had on megachurch pastor Robert
Jeffress who talked about implementing
policies like no backpacks in church
like that he has that he has implemented
in his church to prevents acts like this
happening but then he said this I heard
one report that there were a number of
people who were in the church but didn't
have the guns with them because out of
respect for the fact that they were
going into church they left their their
guns in their car is that common well
it's certainly not common in our church
I'd say a quarter to half of our members
are concealed carry they have guns and I
don't they very many of the church women
with that they bring them into the
church with them and say you know what
yeah well I think it does and I think
look if somebody tries that in our
church they may get one shot off or two
shots off but that's it and that's the
last thing they'll ever do in this life
so let me get this straight people can't
bring in backpacks to his church but
they can all come in weapons I mean it
makes zero sense there's no logic behind
what he's saying there and again he's
talking about like let's say is this
mega church you know there's these mega
church that can fit 16,000 people in it
right and so if one person tries to fire
up one you know shot in this entire
stadium of a church and then you have
the entire stadium shooting back at him
that's gonna cause more fatalities it
makes zero sense it's just like a stupid
stupid statement the good guys with guns
or in this case the good parishioners
with guns
take out the bad parishioner with a gun
again as Hannah says does make no sense
if you'd had it in Las Vegas
you'd have hundreds and hundreds of
casualties because you'd have the sound
of a bullet
it's ricocheting and then you just start
blowing away everybody's in and you know
many people aren't trained they just
have a weapon because I think it's cool
I mean it makes nose yeah you'd have a
big bloody church scene yeah this
actually is a soft spot for me because
I'm from Charleston South Carolina and
that's where the were Dylan roof shot
nine people and I was home during that
time and went to the church the next day
and it's just um I don't know it makes
me feel uneasy that now we even have to
question going to church and if it's
safe enough and I've had that thought
since that happened in Charleston it's
just you know ya know uh so two points
is I think at this point honestly it's
you're not safe anywhere you not say
yeah because you never know what other
people you're not safe anyway like but
that pushing that aside I mean I think
we really need to talk about this sort
of argument of you know a good guy with
a gun and so in this scenario all of
these NRA supporters and super
conservatives and second right Amendment
fanatics are are you know reveling in
the fact that in this specific case
there was a man who shot the shooter and
potentially could have stopped other
shootings right so so they have that to
sort of you know ride on in this
particular case but as Mark mentioned
that was not the case in Las Vegas that
was not the case in jurors sort of yeah
there's sort of mass shootings but I
feel like this good guy with a gun
you know argument has been debunked over
and over again like we've mentioned
before that increase in guns increases
in violence right and when you look at
these sorts of shootings the underlying
of their argument that a good guy with
gun is gonna stop a bad guy with a gun
it has the has the core of while these
mass shootings are gonna happen anyway
so maybe if we have somebody extra with
a gun they can we can sort of stop some
of this how about if we didn't have all
the guns then we wouldn't have mass
shootings like let's come with a more
preventative measure of talking about
how we sort of implement these ways to
mitigate these mass shootings instead of
being like well maybe we'll have like
one or two less people look at less
people dying I'm all for but at the same
time like if we could stop dying in the
first place let's do that option it's
it's a big cultural war I think that
people who you know grew up with guns in
their home and and hunting and all that
kind of stuff we have to be able to come
together and really talk about what can
we do to better you know the safety of
everybody and I think that they're so
stuck in their ways of wanting to
possess what you know what is in their
right to that they don't they don't feel
like there's a middle ground and I think
that's great but there is a middle
ground right so like look like I I'm not
trying to take away your Second
Amendment right but then let's implement
different things like let's have
universal background checks in every
single state let's also implement like
training for you know gun safety and gun
training I mean there's so many
different states that don't require any
sort of training yeah just walk away
with the gun and so maybe you're a good
guy who wants to be stopped one of these
events when it happens but if you don't
have training of how to point you could
kill more yeah I mean there's there's we
did a story a few years ago about
somebody who was trying in a like a
parking lot or something like that who's
trying to stop somebody from running
away from stealing and they just started
shooting every time they could have
killed people I don't know of course
that's what I'm saying that they're
people aren't really trained to handle
weaponry and as the weaponry gets bigger
and bigger and more unwieldy it becomes
more difficult to hang onto and by the
way just speaking of bigger weapons and
you're mentioning hunting I mean I can't
see ever being a hunter but all right so
you're a hunter you're not hunting
anything with it with an AR I mean so
we've got to put a lid on a lot of this
and while I mentioned that I'm certain
that the Constitution which again is
that we were mentioned this in the first
hour I mean it's a living breathing
document it can be modified and has been
modified but let's assume that you're
taking it the way it is
as it was forged it wasn't conceived
that we'd be dealing with these kinds of
weapons our society doesn't do well with
change and I've noticed that
especially when it comes to the Second
Amendment I mean people want their right
to possess guns and that's just that
and once you try to take that away from
them it's messing with their culture I'm
not for this it's just me being from the
south
I kind of not understand but I can I can
hear what people who want to possess
guns would say to this and you know I'm
not for it I feel like I mean there's so
many different arguments where there has
been something that is law that we then
realize - not equated and we need to
modify it right I mean there's different
like cultural aspects like if you look
at the you know for the people who you
know support they same things you look
at the Bible there's so many laws that
we don't follow in the by so many and we
can pick the ones that we want to follow
they are they are antiquated and they
don't make sense it yeah right and we I
mean we got rid of slavery that was in
LA but the South was big on that was
culture and we got rid of that because
that's fucked up and so in this sort of
case like this is effed up too many
people are dying so we need to make
changes but if it's right it is a third
rail for a reason people want it they
want it and they don't like changes
especially in the south right I'm
telling you it's like they you know I
just feel like with a lot of core core
Southerners even Republicans I feel like
when it comes to that they don't want
change well the thing is though if you
look at specifics when it comes to gun
legislation most Americans support
increased laws that would that would I
guess increase safety around guns right
background checks right reducing
military-style weapons and things like
that but when you look at legislation
they often don't vote that way and
people in the GOP you don't vote that
way because they're lobbied by the enemy
that's a careful and hennas right I mean
why far overwhelming support restriction
oh yeah and so so for all the they want
their guns their identity as their guns
I got it but overwhelmingly Americans
are for background checks and for some
safety around these weapons and so the
legislators are just bought and sold on
this issue watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
