the Supreme Court ruled in a decision
that they announced today that reckless
domestic abuse still counts as a de
misdemeanor a misdemeanor of domestic
violence which therefore prohibits you
from buying a gun now justice Elena
Kagan who authored the majority opinion
on this said that a person who assaults
another recklessly uses force no less
than one who carries out the same action
knowingly or intentionally now this
decision comes from the case of Boise in
versus the United States which was
brought about by two men who lost their
right to own or buy guns because of
histories of domestic violence
misdemeanors in the state of Maine now
under the Lautenberg amendment which
Congress passed in 1996 individuals
convicted of domestic violence
misdemeanors can't legally own or buy
guns but lawyers for the two men argued
that their crimes didn't qualify for the
federal gun ban because their assaults
were committed recklessly as opposed to
knowingly or intentionally
all right so under Maine law a person
who acts recklessly when he or she
consciously disregards a risk that the
person's conduct will cause such a
result now in this sort of case when
we're talking about reckless domestic
abuse it might seem a little bit
confusing like what does that mean and
so oftentimes in these sorts of cases
when they're talking about reckless
abuse it's like oh the person flew off
the handle they were out of control they
didn't know what they were doing rather
than trying to having sort of like a
prior intent to abusing somebody so it
makes sense that this would fall under
what a domestic violence misdemeanor
looks like because you were still
committing domestic violence even if you
were in a frenzy of some sort now this
is really important because domestic
violence actually is positively
correlated with gun violence now experts
say that if the user has access to gun
victims are five times more likely to be
killed now there was a study that was
published earlier this year that found
that simply living in a state with a
high rate of gun ownership increases a
woman's chance of
fatally shot in a domestic violence
situation now this is particularly
particularly pertinent right now because
the Texas shooter had a history of
domestic violence against his wife
additionally many are saying that this
might have been motivated because of a
domestic situation with his
mother-in-law so obviously right now we
are talking about this but we should
have been talking about this all along
because it seems with a lot of these
mass shooters in fact one in six mass
shooters actually have a history of
domestic violence
everybody from James Hodgkinson who was
the man who shot at the cat Congress at
the baseball practice the perpetrator
responsible for Virginia Tech the
perpetrator were responsible for pulse
nightclub the Boston Marathon bomber
even the man who drove into the rally at
Charlottesville all had a history of
domestic violence I mean this seems like
a pretty common theme here what do you
guys think about yeah these are not one
offs you know yeah these people all seem
to have some sort of background that
suggests other violence on perhaps less
grand scale but also on a dangerous
scale and the domestic the domestic
abuse argument as well as violence
against animals which is an odd
congruence also that really has been
shown to be a sort of a pre indicator of
a possible shall we say violent outcome
and now we're seeing with all of these
cases in minutes it's insane or talk
about an hour one I mean all of these
mass shootings and mass murders as the
weaponry becomes more sophisticated and
more designed to take out more people
these domestic violence correlations of
the sort that Hannah's talking about
they really I think are huge cause of
concern as they say they might be a
predictor of what can happen yeah yeah I
think that's a really good point because
when you think about it - it's like if
you are willing to inflict harm and
inflict violence on somebody who
supposedly loved and are in a romantic
relations or unplanned of course you
yeah like are also capable of that
 some sort of violence on
strangers and so I do think that it is a
predictor right if you have those sorts
of tendencies and if you have that even
that capability I think that makes sense
unfortunately I know and that one stat
I'm sorry I would drove here but that
one stat I thought was so telling where
that if there's a gun in the home yeah
there are five times more likely and I'm
from South Carolina so and people love
their gun laws in my home state so that
kind of struck a nerve with me as far as
state as safety is concerned but yeah I
you know I think that this is on a right
path when it comes to gun laws and I
just don't understand I guess why we
can't make more sensible laws like this
to constrict guns from just you know
being you know in people's homes or you
know yeah I mean when you look at things
that can actually curb mass shootings
right like obviously universal
background checks help obviously you
know make mental health make shooting it
mental how many topics are you looking
at in terms of domestic abuse and
prohibiting people who have a history of
domestic abuse from attaining guns even
though sometimes there are loopholes and
they can attain them through you know
private sellers and things like that
like they can all mitigate it to some
extent but when you look at the things
that actually curb mass shootings its
reducing the amount of guns like yeah
that that's that's the truth and that's
the facts like if you look at you know
states where they have reduced the
amount of guns then you see that there's
a reduction in violence and so I think
this gun gun violence yeah gun violence
and I think that that's a no-brainer I
mean America has more guns you know per
capita than any other developed country
and American women are thus sixteen
times more likely to be shot and killed
than women in developed countries like I
think this we need to like look at the
numbers here we need to look at the
facts here and like Ava was saying is
change our laws accordingly like it I
doesn't make sense that there are more
guns and I understand there's people
just really quick I understand that
there are people who you know feel that
you know for some people inside their
seats or in rural areas and things
like that that it is a hobby right if
you are it's somebody the culture it's
part of the court or whatever yes it's a
hobby or something like that where you
want to go out and hunt and things like
that but I like yoga if my hobby was
killing people I would say okay let's
close down some yoga studios I got it
do you not you know in with some people
especially being from the south it's
just it's embedded in their culture and
you know if they're not going out and
doing harm and you know they don't
really see ultimately this laws gun laws
will affect everyone and if they're not
doing anything to hunting and not you
know harming people then they don't
really see why their guns need to be
taken for someone else's actions and so
it's just it becomes like this huge
debate as to well why does my gun have
to leave you know I didn't do anything
wrong
versus you know I under someone yeah I
mean I I get the logic there but I'd
like to I'm not for it but within a
month yeah at some point I understand
that you don't want you know other
people's actions to affect yours but at
some point like we have to say enough is
enough is enough yeah we'll have died
that you can give up some of your right
and what do you think about this
argument that that these two men are
actually coming forward saying that well
we acted recklessly and not it wasn't
planned so we should you know have our
gun laws back what do you think about
that I think that that's a scary debate
to have
well domestic violence typically is a is
a a crime or an act of passion of anger
I mean it's not premeditated typically
almost by definition domestic violence
isn't that way so oftentimes it alcohol
the companies it or or there's an
argument and then no one anticipated the
argument or if they did this weren't in
the end in anticipate that would end in
violence and I think in this case that's
where this becomes very important
because a lot of people can say well
look I want a gun to protect my domicile
my home whatever okay but there's
certainly certain histories that should
accept you from being able to own a gun
and domestic violence should be one of
those things that's why those stats that
Hannah had mentioned are so important in
this conversation so
yeah you can have your gun for your home
but if you have a history of domestic
abuse we don't want that in the fact
that this is even being argued as crazy
to me I think that you know domestic
violence and other tracks of history
they go hand in hand with either owning
a gun or not so I just you know I'm for
it yeah I think if you are a perpetrator
of violence like we talked about with
animals you should not think like that
if you're a perpetrator of violence
regardless of what weapon or your hands
or you know whatever it may be you
should then not be able to should not
have the access to have some sort of
other tool to them perpetrate more more
violence and more potentially fatal
violence so well we'll see I mean I'm
glad that the justices ruled against
that yeah I think that's important
ruling especially right now qit
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
