newly discovered financial documents
have revealed that the Commerce
Secretary Wilbur Ross apparently had
business ties to member of members of
Russian President Vladimir Putin's inner
circle during his Senate confirmation
process now this sort of failure to
disclose information was very common for
a number of people during that process
there's something about going before the
Senate that just flusters you and you
forget about these businesses you own
and meetings you had with ambassadors
weird how that works out but let's talk
about these documents the details of
Ross's financial holdings were revealed
in a trove of more than seven million
internal documents of Appleby a bermuda
based law firm that was leaked to a
german newspaper that i am not going to
attempt to pronounce some of those
documents were then provided to NBC news
by i cij an organization that calls them
the paradise papers obviously a
reference to how the Panama papers those
were then analyzed and these connections
were found well let's break down what
those are
Ross's investment firm has a thirty one
point five percent stake and navigator a
British company that charters ships to
help energy companies move their
materials around the world one of
navigators top clients is the Russian
energy giant cyber whose owners include
Kennedy timchenko Putin's friend and
judo partner who was sanctioned by the
United States and Putin son-in-law as
well okay so he has investment firm it
you know has a 31% stake in this company
and they do dealings with you know the
sons and martial arts partners of
Vladimir Putin you know okay so that's
the connection I guess let's talk a
little bit more about this
according to navigators SEC filings from
this year cyber wasn't just a client of
them it was one of their top five
clients back in 2016
that company alone brought them twenty
three point two million dollars and at
twenty eight point seven million dollars
thus far this year now he has responded
to these allegations saying that claims
that he didn't properly disclose the
ties were quote totally incorrect and
called the media's reporting of it quote
just an example of the press trying to
find anything they can however remote or
silly to attack the president and
somehow Lincoln to Russia he went on to
say that it was disclosed
the form 278 which is the financial
disclosure form in my case three times
which if it was true would be strong
evidence in support of what he said
however he did not disclose such things
on the document he is simply lying to
you yeah you know this is extraordinary
because here's a guy who is in charge of
implementing the Russian sanctions for
example right and he has this strong
relationship that he could financial
relationship that he continues to
maintain despite the fact that he knows
he's going to have to be dealing with
Russia and no small capacity in relation
to these sanctions this is just if it
were just the only thing going on in
this administration it would be it would
be extraordinary
but it's unethical I don't know that
it's your legal yet but I guess that's
going to be explored but the lack of
ethics and it's a little bit all wants
to look into it obviously Oh across the
board there just seemed to be no ethical
underpinnings this is a this is
extraordinary I mean absolutely
extraordinary you know if you were a
reporter on CNBC or something you know
one of the new of the financial news
network
you have to divest yourself of all
stocks and equities and I think maybe
they make it put them in a big rush but
yeah because you're reporting on stuff
that will affect the markets right so we
demand more of journalists who are
reporting on business than we do of our
are leaders in Capitol Hill I mean it's
it's insanity that's a great point we
demand more of those people most of them
are just fake news but we still expect
them to live up to a higher standard
we've talked about the last thing I was
because I we talked about the conflict
of interest that are that run ripe over
this administration yeah from the
president Donald Trump all the way down
through his cabinet etc and through his
and through Jared and through Ivanka and
all the rest so this is again this is
just one more plank in this ridiculous
boardwalk of trouble that they at least
ethically
that they've laid out ya know exactly
and you'll forget Russia forget like
that this might have any connection of
the campaign and forget all of that it's
a financial conflict of interest that he
decided the Senate didn't need to know
about and I remember back when we were
covering all of these Senate
confirmation hearings
we covered them super in-depth so much
so that lots of people got bored and I
understand why but the reason we were
doing it is because we knew that there
was gonna be so much shaky corrupt
that they were going to try to make as
much money for themselves that Trump was
going to install people that would allow
him to loot the US Treasury and it keeps
coming up that people forgot all sorts
of stuff I mean he forgets this
connection that might have made him
millions of dollars Jerrod forgets
multiple companies he owns when he is
talking to these groups it's amazing how
their minds just how did you shop they
just blank out for just a second so even
if you don't care what the Russia stuff
I mean this is the Commerce Secretary a
man who has direct ability to shape
policy and implementation of policy in a
way that both benefits him and
potentially benefits or hurts us
corporations and individuals I mean this
is a sort of corruption that we knew
would come with Trump but they are so
brazen with it and we need to do
something we need to take this guy out
just like happen to price yeah that's
the thing that's all the corruption in
Washington usually is in the backdoor
this is right in the front door and the
fact that he would accept this one thing
like that he would leave out this one
thing I think speaks volumes by the way
I got a child the amount was that that
that is a very good point that they're
just confident like they they're bad at
being corrupt and Trump's been doing it
for decades and he still sucks in it
well here's the reason I think are one
reason I'd love to hear what other
people have to say but the the fact is
these are super rich guys I mean Wilbur
oh yeah I mean these are their
billionaire and billionaires are used to
doing what they want yeah so I think
these guys are not used to having to
sort of play between the lines they've
never had to play between the lines
before yeah yeah honestly I feel like I
know that the Senate is gonna want to
look into this they want to talk to two
sessions some more and all of that but I
mean I feel like with enough examples
like this it's time to institute a
Senate what we need like extreme vetting
for all of the people that made it
through the Senate already let's go back
through make sure that everything has
been mentioned
oh here's you know five hundred million
dollar loan I forgot about initially you
know just let's get it all out in the
open if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent
Media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
