yesterday a gunman in Sutherland Springs
Texas shot and killed 26 people in a
church in what is now being called the
largest mass shooting in state history
at least as of today in addition to
those 26 people who were tragically
killed approximately 20 others were
injured and then there's some other
facts about the victims that is just
heart-wrenching the dead victims ages
range from 18 months to 77 years old
obviously any death is terrible but I
mean a child you know a grandmother
which we're gonna get to in addition
First Baptist Church pastor Frank
Pomeroy's 14 year old daughter and all
of his families close friends were
killed in the attack as many people have
pointed out this is a very small
community in Texas and so a measurable
percentage of the entire population of
that town was killed in this attack now
that that's something that even in our
you know the modern day where we we
experienced so many of these shootings
on such a regular basis that I defy
anyone to not be jaded at this point I
mean that certainly stands out that like
the the community is perhaps irreparably
affected by this this one act of extreme
violence now we have a little bit of
information about the the gunman he was
previously in the Air Force but he was
court-martialed and received a bad
conduct discharge for allegedly
assaulting his spouse and their child
that is an aspect of this story that the
show will return to in the second hour
hosted by Hannah Cranston but we do know
that the shooting apparently ended there
was some period of time where he was in
the church had free rein range of the
church and then left the church and a
nearby citizen named Steven Willeford
had apparently heard about the shooting
had gone there shot the the gunman who
dropped his gun got in a car they
followed him and he eventually took his
own life at some point during that drive
so there's obviously a lot to get to in
this but I mean we're we're just out of
basically that the time when people are
talking about and thinking about Las
Vegas many people had already basically
moved on from that and then you have
this you know we can't go a month in
this country without something
cracking the top 10 or top 20 I mean
like Columbine the big thing when I was
growing up the big shooting it's not
even in the top 10 anymore
yeah 2 of the top 10 were in the past
month
yeah and it's it's a weird it's a weird
fact that we you know we stack the
bodies to rank these things in the top
10 you know but that these mass
shootings have become an epidemic in
this country and if it's odd also you'll
remember in New York City it was just
last week that there was the that van
driver who drove over those pedestrians
and I saw I think someone may have
mentioned it to me or maybe I saw a
tweet saying if he'd had a gun instead
of a vehicle more he'll a gun that he
had he had a fake gun but then how do
you had a real AR you know which is the
more people would be dead and at the
time there was blowback people saying
well that's just a you know the anti-gun
people are just bringing this up now no
but it is a fact that the casualty rate
that accompanies these kinds of attack
with semi-automatic weapons is
staggering and then to your point about
the children involved I mean you have
sort of things that are symbolically a
reflective of innocence Church children
and yet while John says the community
will feel these repercussions it clearly
will it not it nothing happens it
doesn't bring on any changes we saw it
in Newtown if that didn't bring change
nothing will and I I really think and
it's odd also that it happens in Texas
which as you know has very very loose
gun restrictions virtually none Texas is
the place that certainly won't make any
kind of changes to legislatively to this
until it's old gun problem there exactly
and we know that certain things certain
actions always come as a result of of
these sorts of attacks people go out and
buy more guns
the NRA benefits the gun manufacturers
benefit every single time there's a mass
shooting like this their profits will go
up 7% 8% you know for the next month
they'll make a tidy little sum and then
they'll move on you know they'll they'll
stop tweeting for two days those are the
only actions that will come about even
from
historic mass shooting in America and
you can feel it even in like the the
sorts of people that comment on these
things on Twitter you can feel it in the
messaging that there's there's no hope
anymore even there's just you know yet
again this is happening you know the the
place changes the number of victims
might change slightly but the reaction
from politicians everybody who could
actually do something about this will be
identical every single time and we know
it we know how it plays out for each
sort white shooter you know you start
this script the country plays it out for
24 hours then it moves on you know
Muslim extremists you play out a
slightly different script maybe a ban a
country from coming in and then yeah
it's just it's gotten so depressingly
blase in this country that's why I
tweeted yesterday that our parent
official position in this country when
it comes to mass shooting it says it's
frowned upon we don't like it but we'll
tolerate it and we'll move on as a
people we won't change anything we won't
give up anything for it we will allow
the the craziest gun nuts in the country
to continue to dictate what our policy
will be in that area those people aren't
generally gonna have to end up dying in
these innocent people people like
18-month year olds I don't think they
owned a lot of guns
they're the victims in these events but
nothing can come about as a result of it
because somebody really likes ARS very
well-put I mean there is no change that
will well in fact it's odd because
you'll remember after Vegas there seemed
to be a change in the script you had the
NRA saying what we really should maybe
examine that was really like big
rhetoric for them examine those bumps
talks and see about them and maybe some
changes would make sense right the the
bump stocks which none of us had heard
of or most unless you were a real gun
person I ain't heard of it but now it
wasn't a common topic or anything yeah
in any case I'd never heard of them but
that's the thing that that changes at a
weapon to sort of be in essence an
automatic weapon but and you started
here legislators say that same thing or
maybe we should look at these bumps
doctors you got that man you thought to
yourself wow it's small I mean really
small but maybe they really are going to
address this now what happened yeah it
died it was orphaned by all of members
of Congress and ultimately by the NRA as
well
even the Nira a that had initiated that
conversation or at least participated in
that conversation they left it alone as
well so you're right John nothing
happens rhetoric can change modestly as
it did and as I just mentioned but
ultimately no changes come about yeah I
mean the inability to ban those how
pathetic is our country like we're
supposed to be like one of the bad
things about America is that we are so
scared as a people of so many things in
it and it leads to terrible policies but
you would at least think a side effect
of our our paralyzing fear would be that
we'd want to protect ourselves but not
when it comes to guns man we couldn't
ban bump stocks a product whose sole
purpose is to effectively break the law
we couldn't ban that we couldn't ban
armor-piercing bullets which are
designed to murder cops if there was a
bullet that specifically seek seek
sought out and only killed those under
the age of six they an array would be
like the brakes just a little would talk
what what could you invent that they
would have a problem with I don't know
if there's anything at this point
because these people are out of their
fucking minds
well they view that slippery slope
argument as the argument so yes they
defend every single bit of ammunition
they defend every gun in in this
strongest way because they view that
that real estate as protected yeah
you're absolutely right makes no sense
obviously these semi-automatic weapons
are designed to kill a lot of people at
one time yeah I mean that's that's why
they were designed yeah and exactly and
that's why they're chosen for these I
mean the people who argue that oh well
if they didn't have assault rifles
they'd still be able to kill just as
many people okay then why do they keep
fucking buying the assault rifles why
don't they just get a pistol it's way
easier you're less likely to raise the
notice of the FBI and things like that
why don't they just do that and and
forget they say you know look you
wouldn't even need guns you could just
get a knife okay then why the fuck don't
they do it with a knife what does the
last time somebody killed 59 people the
goddamn knife it's never fucking
happened it's so fucking stupid and the
people like wait here why don't we go
through the list all of the bullshit
arguments that they get brought back up
every single time that hey Chicago's got
a
gun regulations but a lot of people die
in Chicago yes because the guns come
from other areas like Indiana and
Illinois that have lacks gun laws in
general they're easily brought into
Chicago that's why you need a bigger
more broad ban on this fucking obviously
they'll say you know church you're
generally a gun-free zone you know in
elementary schools gun-free zone that's
why the killers go there in every case
they had a particular reason to go to
the place that they went this guy went
apparently to murder his grandmother
in-law who was in the church school
shooters go to their school but still
the right-wingers will say oh they went
there because there's no guns no no
people aren't randomly going to schools
that have a no connection to to shoot up
they go there because that's where they
want to kill people
we have to have these stupid fucking
bullshit arguments we expend that slight
bit of energy that we're willing to have
as a country and then we're spent and we
move on and another shooting happens and
we will be back at this desk maybe it'll
be me and you maybe Ben mankiewicz will
be here and we'll break down another
fucking shooting help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
