Twitter has confirmed that President
Trump's Twitter was deactivated for 11
minutes on November 2nd due to the
actions taken by an employee on their
last day of work this has led to some
security concerns about the platform
being raised now for their part twitter
has responded they released a statement
saying in part update we have
implemented safeguards to prevent this
from happening again we won't be able to
share all details about our internal
investigation or updates to our security
measures but we take this seriously and
our teams are on it now president Trump
seemed pretty unconcerned about his
account temporarily being deactivated he
tweeted on November 3rd my Twitter
account was taken down for 11 minutes by
a rogue employee I guess the word must
finally be getting out and having an
impact this has led to a big debate
going on online about the security of
Twitter and whether this is an act of
celebration that his account was taken
down or this is some serious concerns
some people are saying this was criminal
behavior one Twitter user said dear
Twitter employee who shut down Trump's
Twitter you made America feel better for
11 minutes DM me and I will buy you a
Pizza Hut pizza and then another Twitter
user said this is not amusing the
employee committed a treasonous act and
before I get a response before I get a
response from the panel hold on a minute
something that I thought was interesting
in this article by the Washington Post
they cited a report that was conducted
by BuzzFeed where BuzzFeed spoke with a
number of Twitter employees that said in
part quote a lot of employees at Twitter
can suspend a user's account a former
employee of the company told BuzzFeed
but far fewer only hundreds have the
power to deactivate one there was some
discussion of the company about special
protections on verified or high-profile
accounts but that extra measures were
never implemented the unnamed source
said so when it comes to security
concerns how did you guys respond to the
deactivation do you echo some of the
sentiments that you've seen online all
right so first off I was it's such a
giant brouhaha I thought over nothing
but actually I've not come to conclusion
it's not nothing my twitter account was
taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue
employee I guess the word must finally
be getting out and having an impact wait
of course it's had an impact you're the
effing president like he just but I
don't know what it means words getting
out like no do you not think they were
going through before are you guys
getting this
we got the tweets we gotta know like he
he's such a weird guy he watches Fox and
Friends and he thinks or these everybody
is watching Fox and Friends
so when they talk about it he's like
everybody's talking about how to we have
to investigate the Democrats you know
the great so when he this is him saying
like hey you know I'm finally having an
impact that's why they were trying to
shut down my account
dude you're the president of course it
had an impact what do you mean the words
getting out you clear 41 million
followers you're the most powerful man
on earth he's so weird she's so insecure
okay that's just a side note no that's
right I mean I started to be a puzzling
tweet I like the idea that he's that's
great
should be well done I'm blessed with
with one one I'm like everybody else I
mean I I'm aware that there's nothing
special about me but I also know that
that that I'm not like everyone else in
a different context like I don't think
what I do is what everybody does right
like but you're right trump watches Fox
and Friends we all live in bubbles we
have to be conscious of living in
bubbles right but you know I don't think
because I'm a really big Oakland A's fan
that everybody loves the A's but people
don't want me to come in and talk about
the A's game last night they're not
interested like I know that
instinctively right
he thinks whatever he did he says it all
the time in his tweets people are
talking about it he said it in the tweet
today right right about people are
asking hey people are demanding an
investigation into Hillary Clinton
because you know 28 people responded to
his tweet that he read and he's like oh
wow people are demanding us yeah so now
to the substance of a Blake how she'll
kind of swung me saying seriously what
if this person had tweeted about a
fictional nuclear strike on North Korea
ooh what I just kind of had to get a
handle on that I think that's the the
issue that has been brought up where
people are saying okay yeah this was
sort of a petty last day of work giant
fuck you that this Twitter employee
carried out cool I mean when we can say
like oh yeah like whatever he was able
to get away with this and no harm no
foul right but there could have been
some real
damage done by someone being able to
access the president of the free worlds
Twitter account no you don't agree Ben I
mean yeah but they didn't I got this
would have then Twitter should fire the
person who does that that's obvious they
would have that's why the person did it
last day right so I mean yes of course
it's fireable offense what you want to
turn it into a crime no it's not a crime
that's crazy
so me I'm saying right you're right the
first time it's not a big deal that
person would get fired they did it on
their way out the door because I thought
it was funny it was and yes if they had
done that and this guy's yes of course
so what could hack the president's
account and and but did we not think
that someone at Twitter could hack the
account of course they could their
Twitter they run it I know but it this
we're in a suit in a unique situation I
was about say super unique okay anyway
where you've got two Mad Men in on each
side and if like Obama Twitter account
got hacked into and said hey I just
launched nukes against North Korea
nobody would believe that right well but
if Trump said that you could easily
believe that and Kim and then on the
other side of it it was the Russians
they'd be like let us check first see if
missiles are in sky they're always
training okay then where's Kim she
wouldn't be like oh he launched go go go
the problem is with Trump right I mean
that he's so reckless that somebody
could that you could take that I mean so
what's the solution
Twitter should say don't definitely
don't do that so you don't think that
Twitter should address their security
measures to shoot what we know is an
impulsive president no no I assume they
already do I mean I imagine they don't
that's what's crazy literally it's
someone there's gonna be some protocol
okay so make it 40 this seems like a
waste of time
Twitter will handle this ultimately
you're gonna have some people who could
fix the account and therefore pack it if
they so chose yes so guys I I can't
agree with both of you guys because I
think that this particular incident is
the biggest no big deal of all time
right so his account was all for 11
minutes
and the world didn't stop turning I know
we all want to see the next insane tweet
don't worry after it was turned back on
he did a lot of insane tweets okay he
had a pent up for 11 whole minutes okay
but on the other hand since the
president used it for policy he
announced the head of the Federal
Reserve on Twitter that's crazy
okay first of all all foreign leaders
don't do anything based on his tweets
wait till there's an actual official
statement from the US government okay
and and but if your Twitter and all of a
sudden you're a private company and
you're it's not a crime for somebody at
your company to do something wrong it's
a firing offense you would normally do
that but for the president not for
celebrities but for the president you
probably have to put that on lockdown
almost like a nuclear Twitter football
right where you go okay this cannot be
touched because if somebody who sends
the wrong tweet and and by the way he
says the he sends the wrong tweets
I mean he's this close I've already done
what we're all worried that North Korea
would misinterpret he told North Korean
one tweet that we were locked and loaded
okay and another tweet he said about
North Korea it won't be around much
longer that's kind of the nightmare
scenario were envisioning which he's
already done but but come on Twitter
can't have 48 people have access to the
president's Twitter account what if one
of them decides oh it'll be funny I just
the nukes are about the hit Pyongyang Oh
potentially not funny not at all funny
it just seems like there are too many
unsecured variables and I almost
sympathize with Twitter because they
never expected that they would be put
into this public platform I mean they're
obviously a public platform but they
never thought that the leader of the
free world would be using Twitter their
you know their social media application
that was meant for our 140 characters or
less dumb ideas to be implementing an
announcing policy so I think that
they're sort of scrambling here and I
think that they were just caught a
little bit with their pants down in
fortunately a very innocuous way when
the account was diac you deactivated
that's the same exact way they got in
trouble with Anthony Weiner yeah that is
literally that is exactly what happened
with that watch The Young Turks come
free downloaded a stream it watch it
anyway you like a TYT Network comm /join
