a Texas restaurant has come under fire
after they installed a photo of Kaitlyn
and Bruce Jenner on their men's and
women's restrooms that is from a
restaurant called Dodi's place to Cajun
restaurant in Texas and the photo went
viral when it was tweeted out by Dallas
Morning News editor Dom de Faria oh he
says what's going on here Dallas
although the installation had been up
for approximately two months before this
set the internet abuzz now the
restaurant has issued a statement that
it reads in part it was merely a
light-hearted gesture to push back
against the political correctness that
seems to have a stranglehold on this
country right now we believe that
political correctness has done more to
silence rather than encourage important
discussions that our society probably
needs to have based on the mind-boggling
feedback both positive and negative
people are having that discussion
however name-calling and words like
transphobic deviant racist homophobic
bigot etc deserve nothing but to
continue to divide us instead of uniting
us after all we are all part of the same
race the human race surely we can
discuss this topic and many others
without slapping hurtful labels on each
other please know that we are here to
discuss this and move forward as a
community everyone is welcome here now
for their part PFLAG has also issued a
statement this comes from Liz owned
because I think it's important just to
hear both sides on this Liz oh and
director of communications for PFLAG
National the nation's largest
organization uniting LGBTQ people their
families and allies says sharing
pre-transition images of any transgender
person is mean-spirited and potentially
damaging it's especially cool at a time
when our trans loved ones rights and
lives are under attack on all fronts
from small local businesses to County
Schools districts and state legislatures
all the way up to the highest offices of
the land fighting for our families isn't
about political correctness it's about
survival so I feel very weird about
tossing to an all cisgender panel of
being like what do you guys think funny
or not final word because you don't know
someone's experience until you walk on
their shoes so with that said what did
you guys think was this a funny joke or
not well I'm just gonna go back to you
and ask you not trans at all but I have
experienced gender dysphoria so I
understand a little bit you know because
I I am obviously masculine of Center on
the
conventional spectrum of how I present
my gender it's I don't know how to
really describe you know what I mean I'm
just me okay like I'm Axl I wear boys
clothing here okay and I don't conform
man ah this is what this is what I think
about this I think that it's a joke and
poor taste but I also understand that
people feel strongly about political
correctness in the sense of they do feel
like you can't make any sort of a joke
the restaurant did say they want to have
a discussion I'd be curious about that
are they speaking with trans individuals
in their community are they trying to
better understand the understand the
community or was this sort of you know
they didn't expect that this would go
viral and they just wanted to put it on
the bathroom stalls did they think about
the bathroom bills that are being passed
that really do infringe on the rights of
trans individuals I don't know I don't
know what the thought process was here
you know I I don't think that they
really did think of their trans brothers
and sisters when they put this forward
that said I'm not gonna say that they
are that you know that you know you're
not welcome here and they obviously hate
all people and let's boycott the
restaurant I don't think that that
fosters the discussion that they
apparently want to have I would just
encourage them to really be intentional
if they are seeking that platform i I
didn't you know look obviously I didn't
take it that way at all but I'm glad
that you read the PFLAG statement
because I hear that and that's the
relevant I mean it is that we're talking
about you know trans people are 22 times
more likely to attempt suicide than the
general we are they really like is it
the butt of the joke that you want to
have maybe I mean maybe I didn't take it
as the butt of the joke
I took it look good because what's
different about Caitlyn Jenner is that
she's a gigantic celebrity who did a
show about it you know was a Kardashian
like and never met a television camera
never met a display of their image that
they didn't like so I'm less concerned
about Caitlyn than the rest of the trans
world and that's also another thing that
I came down on a tube because I I really
do feel like is this less a joke about
the trans mmunity and more a joke about
our
who has hearse is is vilified herself by
the trans community because she really
hasn't stood up for them remember she
endorsed Donald R on this is a this is
to me this was about celebrity I mean
Bruce Jenner was incredibly famous
Caitlyn is even more famous to me I took
it has but again III will I will confess
naivete and not thinking about it
properly but I was like it doesn't seem
transphobic to me because Caitlyn is on
the women's room like it seemed like a
full acknowledgement of the transition
and so and I thought oh that's clever
but I just stopped there I literally
stopped there I didn't know what the but
now I you know I imagine that some of
the reaction they're getting is is
pretty awful I'm well I'm thinking of I
still the reaction that might be hostile
to trans people not maybe you know if
they're getting and and I so overall I
would go it's probably not worth it well
look guys I think there's a great
example of people living their different
bubbles and and taking that there are
different perceptions to it so if you're
not trans I'm gonna keep it real most
people including you know my initial
reaction was what's the big deal I'm
being just honest about it I was like
and looked like to Ben's point the the
bad guys don't want people who
transition like women like Caitlyn
Jenner who transition to go to the
women's bathroom they think she should
be forced to go to the male bathroom
right and yeah yeah that's insane and
that's and her picture in this case is
in the women's bathroom and to me like
okay you don't want to see we're not
allowed to put up pictures of you from
before well that I don't understand it
okay so now if that's all you do and you
stop there and you go and hence you're
wrong you haven't done the right thing
okay the next thing you have to do is
okay well done let me look at it from
their perspective why are they upset and
so when you see that you know what grey
said about their the the rate of suicide
is 20 to 22 times higher for trans
people because that's you know how much
crap they go through and then when you
think about it for a second you read
that same and you go how many times have
they had people put up pictures of what
they used to look like and what they
look like now and go
at work at family gatherings etc Center
in their personal lives and so we not
having lived through that experience
have no idea how painful that is
okay now at the same time the trans
community it you got it you got to like
understand that that the other people
did not have your experience so so
that's why it when this becomes a giant
controversy it is unfortunately
off-putting to a lot of people who don't
bother to think about it they look at
and go what's the big deal man that was
this bigger than now that sir Pinker
wasn't a big deal
God these people make such a big deal
out of it and then I'm afraid that
somehow sometimes that might minimize
the things that are giant deals right
and so and it's a tough balance to
strike and then finally defense point
which I hadn't thought of either that
the Caitlyn Jenner situation is really
unique because it's a celebrity you
can't take away Bruce Jenner's old
pictures you see what I'm saying you
know that at that time he had one it was
one of the most famous that have lon
anyone the decathlon he's one of the
most famous at least in the world
there's a million pictures of him out
there
this is not like haha this is what Bob
used to look like and now it's Sally
let's make one of them yeah it doesn't
feel that way
really it honestly it felt respectful to
that was my first thought I was like oh
clever and respectful but I hear them
and I that that might not be the way
trans people take it I I mean I think at
the end of the day I was actually pretty
impressed by the statement released by
the restaurant in the sense they were
like alright we're being called out for
something I hope that they would be
receptive to what they're hearing from
people in the trans community that were
hurt by this or at least to understand
their experience a little bit more I
hope that it's you know you can always
combat any sort of ignorance with
education and I think that we talked a
little bit before about living in a
bubble and we all need to burst our
bubbles and get out of our bubbles a
little bit and just understand each
other a little bit more that breeds
empathy which is you know what I'm all
about
so you know at the end of the day it
still feels like you know I don't know I
I agree with
saying junkets it's hard to come down
and be like I'm offended by this like
I'm it's not the point you're reducing
someone's experience I'm not being
articulate on this I feel super
uncomfortable discussing the issues of a
community which I'm not a part of does
that make sense yeah I understand that I
think it goes to the perceptive
perspectives that I was talking about I
don't know it's surgeons yeah because I
don't know I haven't walked in these
shoes so and and it might even be easy
for me to say hey let's both hear each
other's sides out and for me to say to
the trans community understand that it's
not going to appear to be a big deal to
the rest of the people and so don't you
know get super mad at them about that
and that maybe that's a super easy thing
for me to say because I'm not transiting
I didn't have to deal with the thousand
things that they have had to deal with
in the pain that they have dealt with
with you know the reaction from the
general community which is what they've
we're all working to make better I hope
the good guys at least are working to
make better and then for everybody else
just for one second walk in their shoes
and so and after you've done that and
after thinking about how much scorn the
that particular community has gotten
throughout all of these years right so
then you might be understand a little
bit better about why they might be in
your mind overly sensitive about
something like an old picture because
you didn't live their life where people
made fun of them based on old pictures
and then that sometimes led to things
that were far worse than just making fun
of help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
