Donald Trump lately has been in a
particularly dangerous sort of mood the
legal situation for his team hasn't been
good not just the people who've actually
been indicted and arrested but they seem
to be closing in on some people are
fairly close to his family and when that
sort of thing happens you can see it you
can see it in his Twitter activity where
he's been going crazy recently and we're
gonna read some of those for you but
also in terms of how he talks about his
position as president visa via the rest
of the government and the rest of the
country and lately it has an in fact
been a little bit scary so first of all
you might remember back at the
convention when he said I alone am the
only one who can save us you know from
wild lawlessness well that was just the
convention right he's gonna moderate
once he becomes president well let's
let's take a look actually this is from
an interview last night he went a deep
into enemy territory to be interviewed
by Laura Ingraham your State Department
still has some unfilled positions are
you worried that the State Department
doesn't have enough Donald Trump
nominees in there to push your vision
through because other state departments
including Reagan's at times undermined
his agenda and there there's a concern
that the State Department currently is
undermining your agenda so we don't need
all the people that they want you know
don't forget I'm a business person I
tell my people well you don't need to
fill slots don't fill them but we have
some people that I'm not happy with
there let me tell you the one that
matters is me I'm the only one that
matters because when it comes to it
that's what the policy is going to be
you've seen that you've seen it strongly
there was a push back the assistant
secretary of state from seems
significant yeah it's so there's two
amazing parts of that first of all he
doesn't understand he's ever understood
that the United States government is not
a small business and and even if he was
right about the billions of dollars that
he has it's still a relatively small
family-owned business the Trump
Organization so if you don't fill a spot
you might save a little bit of money and
so okay good I save salary of a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars there and I
don't think I needed that guy okay that
is how that small businesses work in the
US government
you say if you don't hire a guy at
120,000 dollars that is an irrelevant
number you save money by saying hey you
know what we're not going to spend 120
billion dollars on that program or that
war or that war is gonna cost us 1/2
trillion dollars or the tax cuts is
gonna cost us four and a half trillion
dollars not all if he fired everyone in
the federal government it still would
barely make a dent
that's so he just doesn't understand how
the government works at all he also
doesn't understand how the State
Department works because he made very
clear there that he thought that people
in the State Department even people that
he would pick himself would only serve
as competition against his ideas he says
I don't know Lee one who matters because
what I say goes he thinks that it's just
people who could disagree with him no
career diplomats are there to help
manage diplomacy with hundreds of
countries literally but they don't
believe in diploma we fed it once you
say what you want even just to if he
okay then fine whatever he comes up with
he needs people to put it into play into
effect say what you want about Barack
Obama they believed in diplomacy they
believed in diplomacy first they
believed in they were aggressive
diplomatically you know that was that
was their mantra John Kerry and and at
Samantha power certainly in the second
in Obama's second term were aggressive
diplomats that's what they believed and
that simply doesn't exist here the
Jencks point about trumpet it's yes it's
a small business a family-owned business
but it's as if Trump is saying I'm gonna
save money and that golf course in
Virginia we're just not gonna stop it
right well then that golf course in
Virginia is significant any customers
and no one's gonna go and there's gonna
be mayhem
because 95 people are gonna show up to
play at 8 a.m. so let me combine that
point a second when I was gonna make
which is that I'm the only one who
matters well look put aside the gigantic
ego and the absurdity of that statement
but let's dive into how wrong it is
factually incorrect
what t-shirt you're wearing by the way
we are the ones who not be an
trumpet said it doesn't matter I'm the
one who knocks okay so it I'm the only
one who matters her so is it total prick
thing to say okay but again I'm putting
that aside in terms of the the factual I
think so I I run the Young Turks am I
the only one who matters
are you insane like so okay if we don't
have the audio guy you can't hear any of
us no I'm the only one who matters
except you wouldn't even heard that the
guys who decide how we put the videos
online so you guys either see it or
don't see it are enormous ly important
so which is which gets to Ben's point of
well if you don't have anybody on your
golf course that's stabbing it you don't
have a golf course yeah and and he's
never understood that because his ego
gets in the way and he's so he that's
why he bankrupted themselves six times
because he doesn't understand that you
need everybody doing their jobs you work
better as a team these are the things
that is tiny tiny mind can't comprehend
and on a national level that is a
dangerous thing if you think you're the
only one who matters and no one else in
the government does if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
