traditionally perhaps you aren't aware
this traditionally if you're Donald
Trump there's supposed to be a
separation a significant separation
between the president and the FBI and
other aspects of the DOJ he obviously
doesn't like that he's been very clear
throughout his term but here he's making
it a very clear also with Laura Ingraham
the saddest thing is that because of the
President of the United States I am not
supposed to be involved with the Justice
Department I'm not supposed to be
involved with the FBI I'm not supposed
to be doing the kind of things that I
would love to be doing and I'm very
frustrated but so look if you just left
it there then it could be okay he wishes
he could be doing that he doesn't
understand how the country supposed to
work but fine but then you get what he
actually does and so look at what we
woke up to this morning
some of this is yes or some of this is
morning tweeting everybody is asking why
the Justice Department and FBI isn't
looking into all of the dishonesty going
on with crooked Hillary and the Dems
when he says everybody he means I am
asking about that so there he's putting
pressure on the Justice Department in
the FBI Isis people are angry at some
point the Justice Department and the FBI
must do what is right and proper the
American public deserves it I can't
believe you spelled proper right yeah
exactly
he's got a problem this next one too so
the next one a Pocahontas just stated
that the Democrats lead by the legendary
crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the
primaries capitalized let's go FBI and
Justice Department so it's important
that again putting pressure on the FBI
in the Justice Department also using a
racial slur against Elizabeth Warren
these just but don't worry it's only
literally national Native American
History Month in America and he
proclaimed it as such three days ago
it's not I mean the soft racism of
Donald Trump just the the effortless
racism you know to be fair he apologized
earlier actually on Fox News about that
comment when he was making during the
campaign he said I feel that I'm not
being fair to Pocahontas oh I apologize
to Pocahontas
okay little yes so she responded as well
saying you might think your tweets are
cute real Donald Trump but they won't
stop Muller's investigation or keep your
people out of jail and okay so there is
tweeting which is significant we'll
return to it but it could even go beyond
that because with Laura Ingraham he was
asked if he would fire sessions the
Attorney General if the DOJ doesn't free
up agents I wonder from what to
investigate the DNC he said I don't know
a lot of people are disappointed in the
Justice Department including me and they
want to fire jeff Sessions but they
can't fire jeff Sessions in large part
because the idea the notion that there'd
be another confirmation hearing for
another attorney general and broad
Rosenstein would be the acting Attorney
General well sessions was gone that's
probably worse for Trump and it's
unclear what kind of Lackey AG could get
approved right now in fact you probably
with with Trump flake corker Collins
probably can't you probably can't get
anybody you can't get the candidate the
guy you'd want in there ya know true I'm
sorry or woman you I'm just kidding at
big guy
it's don't Trump he might literally take
his own personal lawyer and try to make
him the Attorney General yeah so now
okay let's break this down further first
of all when Trump got into office some
conservatives were mad because he said
that he actually didn't feel very
strongly about prosecuting Hillary
Clinton he said I don't want to hurt the
Clintons I really don't she went through
a lot and suffered greatly in many
different ways
I remember Ann Coulter was livid about
that and so after the election he was
basically just kidding about the
Clintons that was just like politics I
don't actually want to prosecute them I
didn't don't think any right thing wrong
right so now why is he bringing them
back if he never wanted to prosecute
them in the first place well as a shield
obviously obviously and we did many
stories on this throughout the week but
yesterday Vanity Fair out a great piece
about how Roger stone as brazen as ITA's
has admitted publicly yeah we want to
investigate Hillary Clinton so that we
could say Muller was the head of the FBI
at the time and use that as an excuse to
fire Muller yeah that's so the whole
point of this is to protect rim it has
nothing new with Hillary Clinton
and we all already know that and by the
way so does Laura Ingram but nonetheless
she not only doesn't ask him about that
she serves up the softball of like
aren't people at the Justice Department
a problem Yeah right do we have to
replace some of the people at the
Justice Department so you should think
she wasn't that bad oh no John Radio
she's really bad she's Terrell I was
just wrong yeah so now when he says
don't one part of that I kind of
disagree with you guys I think John said
it when he says everybody's asking why
the Justice Department and you say no
only he's asking no what he means is I
saw it on Fox and Friends right and if I
whatever I'm watching my pea-sized brain
thinks everybody's watch everybody I
mean look the country's huge I mean
remember I've used this point a lot but
I think it almost bears repeating even
if Trump had gotten the beating in
November that he should have right he
was still gonna get Hillary and Hillary
beat him by 12 points a landslide Trump
still got in 50 million votes but 50
million Americans were gonna base 48
million even if you had to brand the
worst campaign ever so you know you go
on Twitter I follow a couple of people
who retweet the trunk I don't I I think
they're real but the stuff that gets
said like you want if you want to think
that the countries with you you you know
just look at the response today to Bowe
Bergdahl right now people naming that
judge and want to go after that judge
you know so you might there it is those
are they're they're your people right so
you can fight you can make a case that
that's what people are talking about
that Hillary should be investigated yeah
yeah it is possible but there's one
other thing that I want to say so
obviously like he there's a possibility
that he could use this you know we've
been talking throughout this week about
Jeff Sessions being caught apparently
perjuring himself that it might be in
Trump's interest to take sessions out so
he could theoretically if he could get
somebody put someone in who could shut
down Muller and all of that which
wouldn't that be amazing that sessions
lying about contacts with Russians would
be used as a pretext to bring someone in
who could stop the Russian investigation
that would be amazing but but I don't
think that we should gloss over these
tweets in those comments too much I mean
I think it's crazy how far we've moved
as a country that we don't consider this
theoretically worthy of impeachment and
I read on Twitter I forget I can't give
them credit but as an interesting
thought experiment it was what if we
heard a taped conversation where he went
and talked to the FBI
I want you to investigate Hillary in the
Democrats that's basically what took
down Nixon but here he has multiple
tweets yelling at the FBI in the Justice
Department to go after Hillary Clinton
the Democrats and for some reason that's
totally fine yeah no it's not totally
fine
it's it's a number of different crimes
as you said Nixon went down because he
was going after his political opponents
in Watergate he broke into the
Democratic office so that's one part of
the other part of it is the more
important part is obstruction of justice
here he is saying I would like to meddle
with the Justice Department
investigation into me and it's the
definition of obstruction of justice I
would like the fogger account
I would like to fire people the Justice
Department who are investigating me I
mean I think that mother is looking at
it like like this is this the one that
knows I can't even use this I'm crazy
yet can i I mean it's gonna be weird
when I arrest them because people gonna
be like what he just sent it on Twitter
that was a freebie baby like yes you
can't say that I would like to stop an
investigation of myself there's a reason
why the Justice Department is separated
from the the president because they
might have to investigate the president
because it's a democracy it's not a
dictatorship he doesn't know or
understand America he doesn't care about
the concept he just wants to be a
dictator and this is clear violation of
the law you cannot do this you can't
obstruct that investigation of yourself
by the Justice Department um I would
just like to say that the fact that he
can't is the saddest thing literally
what he said it's the saddest thing that
I can't do that's right there's a lot of
sadness in the world but that is the
saddest watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
