the fact that Texas is the most
gerrymandered state in the Union and
four times this year the courts have
found that there's a racial or ethnic
basis for drawing people out of their
congressional districts and therefore
their democracy people care about then
it comes back to an issue I know you
care about which is they know that the
system is rigged to use a favorite word
from the 2016 elections they know that
access is purchased that outcomes are
paid for and that the average person
does not have a fighting chance to
determine the policy that will affect
their lives in their state in the future
for their kids and so not taking PAC
money showing up to these communities
without consultants running and honest
transparent campaign that is based on
representing people instead of
corporations all that is part of what
we're we're running on what people are
responding to and what I am lucky enough
to to be a part of because that that
spirit is already there in Texas it
explains the numbers of people coming
out to our rallies they're not coming to
see me that they're coming out because
they are so excited at this unique
singular opportunity to get this country
back on the right track and to do it in
the right way
