one of the biggest scams ever
collectively pulled off by corporate
America is forced arbitration to put it
in simplest terms forced arbitration
eliminates a consumers right to sue
corporations when they steal from them
when they harm them or their family
millions of Americans have agreed to
this by signing arbitration clauses and
contracts they're in your credit card
contracts your cell phone plans your car
and mortgage loans the list goes on and
on as corporations are making sure that
they're the ones with a legal advantage
over you when they find themselves in
legal trouble and when they do that
contract you signed won't allow you to
file a lawsuit or create a class action
against them for totally ripping you off
instead you'll have to go before a panel
of arbitrators to resolve the dispute
and those arbitrators are their people
unless you're a board member of one of
these corporations there's no way these
arbitration clauses are going to help
you in any way I'll give an example of
how the scam works usually corporations
pick arbitrators so they know that
they're going against a very friendly
audience it's their pals they also have
the benefit of having almost endless
money to drag out the process where most
consumers can't even afford to hire an
attorney and when you're talking about
small amounts of money it can cost a
customer more to arbitrate than they'll
ever get back in damages at the end of
the lawsuit and even if a consumer is
willing to jump through the countless
hoops that corporations put in their
place studies shows that business will
win more than 80 percent of the time
because it is a packed house packed in
their favor the deck has been stacked
squarely against American consumers now
here's a quick example how this issue
can hurt you personally suppose your
credit card company or your cell phone
company was overcharging you $5.00 a
month and not just you but they are also
charging 10 million other people $5 a
month in a scam because you sign that
arbitration agreement you can't join a
class-action lawsuit with the other
victims instead each one of you has to
hire your own lawyers for
hundreds of dollars an hour just to get
your $60 back you lose money in the
process even if you win while the
corporation pockets millions and
millions of dollars at no risk that they
stole from you right now the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau is trying to
work on the rules to prevent
corporations from using these binding
arbitration clauses in their contracts
but they're facing stiff opposition from
elected officials in Washington DC who
are all about taking their money the US
Chamber of Commerce is a huge part of
this problem when you have both major
political parties in the United States
controlled by big business class-action
lawsuits and trial lawyers are the last
line of defense for the American public
whether you like lawyers or not and
that's why corporations have been trying
to for decades to paint plaintiffs
lawyers negatively and it's important to
remember that the attack on trial
lawyers is corporate America's way of
getting consumers to go along with your
attacks on our constitutional rights by
convincing consumers that lawyers are
the problem they become willing to give
up their rights to sue a corporation and
when that happens consumers lose every
single time this arbitration clause
issue is huge it's going to affect your
family I'll promise you that so make
yourself knowledgeable about what's
going on
you
