Donald Trump has been fuming for the
last few days ever since the indictments
by Bob Muller were officially announced
and once he found out that it was manna
fort and Gates and then found out about
the plea deal by George papadopolis
Donald Trump became even angrier than
usual and according to sources within
the White House and including a call
that Trump made himself earlier this
week to Steve Bannon Donald Trump knows
exactly who is to blame for this entire
investigation according to Trump himself
the person at fault here for all of the
problems within the Trump administration
is his son-in-law Jared Kushner Donald
Trump believes that the horrible advice
Jared Kushner has given him as a White
House adviser is what has led to the
entire Bob Muller investigation
according to him Kushner was the one who
told him to fire Michael Flynn as
national security adviser he's the one
who told him to fire James Comey he's
the one who was present at that Don jr.
meeting back in June of 2016 with the
Russians everything in Trump's world
that is going bad right now lay squarely
on the shoulders of Jared Kushner Sam
number who is a former Donald Trump
campaign adviser who was fired also says
that it's Jared Kushner's horrible
advice that got Donald Trump into all of
these problems baman has said it Gorka
has said it everybody agrees that Jared
Kushner is the root of all the problems
now here's what's great and I hope Jared
Kushner somehow pays attention to this
everyone's already blaming you which
means they're prepared to throw you
under the bus should anything happen to
any one of them which means you right
now have all the leverage in the world
rather than waiting to be thrown under
the bus how about you go volunteer to
talk to Bob Muller tell him what you
know perhaps in exchange for some kind
of immune
on your part you hold all the cards
right now mr. Kushner and you already
see how the rest of the team is going to
treat you going forward they're gonna
blame it all on you they're gonna make
sure that you're the one who goes down
for it so why don't you take them down
before they have the chance to do the
same to you
is it gonna injure marriage maybe
unfortunately that's just a byproduct of
marrying into a corrupt family but it
might keep you out of prison because
right now it's really starting to look
like either you or whoever you decide to
roll on first is probably gonna spend at
least a few years behind bars
so why don't you get the jump on them
stop being the fall guy for the entire
administration and start taking some of
these people down by turning over
whatever you have to special prosecutor
Bob Muller if you're thinking about
subscribing to our Channel I strongly
encourage you to do that
but if you're not thinking about
subscribing I would encourage you to
start thinking about it and then once
you're thinking about it actually go and
do it you can see the subscribe button
right there on the screen or if you're
watching on a different platform go to
youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
