in what might be one of the most honest
typos ever given to us on Twitter
Republican representative Steve King
this past weekend tweeted out a photo of
himself and Donald Trump jr. saying they
were at a peasant hunt now obviously
it's very obvious from the picture that
he meant to say they were at a pheasant
hunt they were out hunting pheasant but
instead Steve King who clearly has no
idea how spellcheck works accidentally
let it slip that he and Trump jr. were
out hunting peasants now I don't know if
you would consider that a typo to me
that seems more like a Freudian slip
why because when you actually look at
the policies of the Republican Party and
actually does start to feel like these
people are on a peasant hunt I mean
they're screwing over the needy in this
country by cutting Medicare cutting
Medicaid cutting Social Security
Disability cutting after-school programs
for needy children just so that they can
give a tax break to the wealthy elite
that is a peasant hunt the entire
Republican Party at this point is
engaging in a peasant hunt here in the
United States and I know it seems silly
to just be talking about some dudes typo
on Twitter but it really does speak
volumes about what's happening right now
within the Republican Party at least in
the past they tried to disguise their
hatred of the poor and the working class
in the United States but today they're
not even trying to hide it anymore
they're flat-out telling us we're trying
to cut programs for the poor to give
money to the rich they're saying that
that's their policy they're done hiding
it they're done using the code language
and they're just flat-out basically
saying you know what let's all as one
big Republican party go on a massive
peasant hunt here in the United States
thanks for watching and if you like what
you see here on Ring of Fire we
encourage you to subscribe to our
Channel you can see the little subscribe
button down there but if you're watching
it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
