Allisyn I've got good poll results for
you you ready yes okay so we already
have a poll out in California first
thing we asked well we asked many things
but first thing we're gonna show you
here is what should the federal when a
federal minimum wage be according the
voters all voters in California not just
progressives or Democrats number one
answer is $15 an hour thirty six point
one two percent we give them a lot of
choices there
number two answer is $12 an hour number
three answer is $10 an hour and and as
you see everything else comes in smaller
than that so you know what people want
and what just Democrats are gonna give
them higher wages the establishment
Democrats tell us that it's not good
strategy to try to get people higher
wages
it's not even higher wage lutely
living wage are you able to pay your
bills and are you able to take care of
your family in an emergency I mean my
own family has had one unexpected thing
happened to us after another and some
have been pretty tragic and we are more
comfortable than a lot of other people
in the state and we struggle yeah so
look at federal minimum wage is still
unbelievably only $7.25 that's 15,000 a
year who can live on 15,000 a year $15
minimum wage we're asking for that all
the Republicans and unfortunately a lot
of the Democratic establishment says is
too much is 31,000 here so apparently
it's too much to ask for for 31,000 a
year and if you work hard and which is
and all these people work you know and
they work their tails off it's not too
much to ask for that's the least we can
fight for all right now we also asked
gets better and better which of the
following issues matter most to you
right now and we listed a lot of issues
there for them to pick from number one
out of all the issues was political
corruption influence of money in
politics Wow
well I get good news for you
Nelson was a National Director a
Wolfpack a group fighting to get money
out of politics so it's the number one
issue in the campaign number two by the
way is health care and and Allison
you're also for Medicare for all is that
encouraging to see that the thing that
you've been working on for the last five
years not only for your campaign but
that in a sense we're being a win that
it's resonating yeah and that voters are
saying no no I got it
it's the corruption you got to get the
money out yeah it really is it's it's
very encouraging to me to know that like
my heart is on the right path and that
we're all together in this you know and
again it's the one thing that cuts
across party lines
yeah and analysis started as a teacher
if you're watching earlier in the show
if you're really greeting you're looking
for the money you gonna teach yeah she
went to Wall Street and help people she
followed that gravy train all the way to
stuff with cooks that look great I love
it when politicians blame teachers for
everything that's wrong in education
yeah let's do that
yeah ya know we're the only country that
tests our kids to see how good our
teachers are no other country does that
right yeah so in Finland they almost you
know no testing along those lines so
certainly no standardized testing oh
don't get me started on it guys they
have three teachers in each class they
have three teachers in each class in
Finland Daniel that yeah but obviously
that kind of socialism isn't gonna work
except for the fact that they are number
one in the world yeah number one in the
world okay so now last poll that's
exciting
and by the way just so you know she was
on the gravy train of being a teacher
and then took a pay cut to join Wolfpack
and now running for Senate isn't even
worse so you the sacrifices that Alison
is made over the last five years is
unreal so an ain't a lot of the
highfalutin congressmen and Senators
talk about how they're serving the
country with their millionaires and
multimillionaires and stuff this is a
real example no no no this is actual
sacrifice well I really feel like the
sacrifices that I've made and the
sacrifice I'm making right now is is
pittance compared to the sacrifices that
people are making
the state and throughout this country I
hear you but one day we'll talk about
the sacrifice Alison thinking and it's
not a pittance it's it's really really
hard
okay so last poll result for you coming
straight out of California here if the
2018 election for California Center were
being held today among the following
types of candidates for whom would you
vote we asked that question okay and the
current senator won
now there was a lot of different choices
as she won with seventeen point seven
six percent so not very high so
obviously that describes and finds that
she's a current senator we asked about
businessman we asked about hedge fund
owner state senator and and none of
those did very well
coming at number two was a teacher and
activist for getting money out of
politics coming in at sixteen point oh
five percent so nope but Allison what
you do is resonating it almost beat
current senator it was less than two
points away from beating current senator
so I think that that that the
establishment is underestimated a thirst
for real people yeah and and how people
go yeah yeah no we don't in Washington
for some reason they think that teachers
are a problem no we like the trust right
they think that it's great if you've
raised a lot of big donor money from
corporations no we don't like that
they're so out of touch it's almost
comical if it wasn't so sad yeah I'm so
dangerous but yeah just straight up out
of touch how bad are you gonna beat
Feinstein she is she has no idea what's
coming
I predict she quits before the election
that's my prediction what are you saying
I'm not kidding I'm not kidding I'm
pretty thing that she will drop out
before the general election I I think
you're gonna beat her so bad she's gonna
drop out of the race I know that all the
people who was like no no no she's gonna
raise ten million dollars yeah but at
the end of the day you
to get votes and it's not the 1990s yes
in the old days you get all the money
you get through all the big corporations
and then you pour it into TV advertising
and you win these is we have the
Internet we and we actually have people
who care and who and and who can make a
difference and I think that we're gonna
get that message out and I knew Alison
Hartson is gonna be the next senator
from California
