so if I donate some money and I tell you
about it you do me a favor really quick
is yes if if the people that I end up
representing a senator are donate to my
campaign of course I'm going to be
representing the their needs and their
wants right that's the point if it's not
that what you do when you're in office
and in in return for the people who are
funding your campaigns is necessarily
the issue itself it's who is funding
your campaign so therefore who are you
doing the favors for who are you
actually representing oh that's why yes
you donate to my campaign let me know
what you need and it's all small donors
she can't take more than fifty four
hundred dollars from anyone yeah so then
her financial interest to get reelected
it once she wins which is obviously
what's gonna happen is tied to you guys
and would that be amazing it wouldn't it
be amazing if in a democracy we had a
representative in this case a senator
who actually cared to represent you who
actually had their interest tied to your
interest as opposed to giant
corporations and defense contractors and
oil companies and Wall Street well
that's exactly what we're trying to do
here if you've always you know hated the
corruption unfortunately you're right
the corruption exists well this is how
you end the corruption so let Allison
represent you and we I believe it I
believe it with all my heart we can
change the world
