I also was a teacher in Orange County
and she's crazy she decides the system's
broken I could tell it in the schools
and this is the story I know well before
the Senate run obviously or anybody had
ever thought about it and and she
Google's it in as she explained in the
first hour of the show today it realizes
the problem is money in politics then
she googles all the different groups
working on it and decides that
Wolfpack's the right group she's never
seen The Young Turks and and volunteers
for Wolf Pack so how the hell did you
get from volunteer for Wolf Pack day
over here you know how because she
worked her ass off to get money out of
politics she worked hard organized and
eventually we had to promote her to
state leader in California and getting
the money out of politics resolution in
California har1 past was a Herculean
task and Alison did that she organized
over a thousand volunteers in California
to get that done and and so what people
don't know Alison is you took a pay cut
to do that so which then further
solidifies how great you know but who
takes a pay cut to get money out of
politics so we I remember talking to you
about that and I remember asking you are
you sure you're gonna be okay because we
actually can't even pay as well as
teachers in and so it's not like
teachers are getting paid extravagantly
in California but you're doing a massive
pay cut to join Wolf Pack yes so why did
you I mean I know this sounds like a
softball question I get it guys but it's
it but it's true it's a real question
why didn't you give up all that money to
do this I mean being a teacher is also
rewarding it's also great why do you why
did you care so much about this
particular issue that you're like no I'm
going to not have all these different
things I used to have to be able to work
on this by the way and I know Alison
scheduled to work on it non-stop all day
all week yeah well first let me say that
that making that decision was it was
incredibly difficult for me
and I still struggle at times really
missing my students and missing their
families and missing my teacher friends
the decision was similar to one that I
made when I was 19 years old I don't
know if I've actually told you this
story before I worked for a dental
management corporation it was a growing
corporation amazing people that word
that I worked with and they offered me
to take over their insurance department
to run it at the age of that University
yeah and I would have been making a real
pretty penny like a lot of money and I
took the weekend to think about it and I
came back and I gave them my two months
notice and I decided I was going to
instead focus on finishing college I
have eight brothers and sisters a very
large family and I've been the only
person in my family who has been able to
have the opportunity to graduate college
and I did that with the fierce
determination to become a teacher and it
was difficult and it was a sacrifice and
it was a pay cut but at the end of the
day I have always asked myself what are
my values where did they come from are
they mine and am I really living by them
and that was what helped me to make that
decision to become a teacher and it was
what helped me that me make the decision
to leave teaching that what really was
my life and is my heart to fight to get
big money out of politics because I saw
while I was teaching that how money in
our political system is affecting not
just schools as this like objective word
but human beings my students who I cared
so much about and their families their
first second third generation immigrants
from Mexico primarily at the school I
taught at and and Vietnam and I saw some
of my students there like my kids
I saw some of those families being
ripped apart by by immigration policies
and just one thing after another I
couldn't take it anymore and so I had to
leave that to get this done sooner so
that we can help more people around the
country and
State so look I've known Allison five
years as long as she's been part of
Wolfpack I certainly didn't know her
before that and so I know something you
guys don't know which is that she is
super genuine I saw her take that
massive pay cut I thought she was crazy
to do it and she did it and she did it
because she wanted to help other people
I saw with my own eyes there was no
other motivation there was no but if I
do that one day I become a lobbyist and
I get a lot of money there's no
lobbyists there's no a lot of money
right and so look if she's gonna win
she's gonna win with your help
Justice Democrats calm slash Allison and
it's wouldn't it be amazing to have a
progressive senator and one that you
know for a fact has been fighting to end
the corruption so right now we have a
person who openly brags and the media
gives her credit for raising a lot of
money from big donors to me that
shouldn't get any credit that should be
discredited those are unfortunately
legalized bribes and that you shouldn't
get credit for that
whereas what Allison does not is not
taking any PAC money and the only way
she can win is through you guys so we're
gonna find out it's gonna be an amazing
race in California it's gonna be an
amazing year we're gonna see if people
banding together and powering this
campaign can actually topple one of the
Giants of Washington one of the people
that they look up to because she has all
the money and she has all the resources
and she's connected to all the
consultants can we do it together we're
gonna find out so let's go to just
Democrats dot-com / Allison and make it
a reality and can I add to that really
quick Genk that as soon as we finished
at the top of the hour I or at the top
of the show anyways my phone blew up
like it might literally explode any
minute now we have already raised a ton
of money and have a lot of interest and
I'm really excited about being able to
take the power of the people to replace
the power of dianne feinstein's money in
order to
this done and when we get this done we
are going to be able to show the world
quite frankly what's possible
