while news coverage would have you
believe that America's economy has fully
recovered from his collapse in 2008 many
Millennials are still struggling to
catch up and guess what it's not because
they're spending too much money on
avocado toast or refusing to grow up the
median home price in big cities like Los
Angeles is quickly approaching the 1
million dollar mark considering the fact
that it's recommended to fork over 20%
for a down payment it's nearly
impossible for the area's young
professionals to secure a home that
means that a potential buyer would need
to save at least $200,000 in cash and
that doesn't even include closing costs
or money for inevitable home repairs how
is this very real problem being written
about in the press well I just recently
came across a headline in the New York
Post and the title made me crazy it says
unlike Millennials Gen Z wants to buy
homes okay look just oh okay
take a second to think about the framing
here first it makes it seem as though
Millennials don't want to own property
secondly to add insult to injury they're
being compared to a group that was born
after 1995 to really highlight the false
stereotype that Millennials are
irresponsible and immature look further
investigation shows that the New York
Post is basing its headline off of one
survey and an article published in
MarketWatch the survey which was
conducted by property shark indicates
that 83% of Gen Z plan on buying a home
within the next five years yeah that's
it again gen Z includes people who were
born after 1995 meaning that they're 23
years old or younger I'm pretty sure
that almost everyone regardless of which
generation they were born into thought
that they would buy a home within five
years when they were 23 I certainly
thought that as well when any article or
survey makes declarative statements
about anyone it's healthy to question it
turns out there's data that conflicts
with property sharks findings well we
are very encouraged about right now is
Millennials that first-time homebuyer by
a recent sort of
giulia basically says that 86% now said
they wanna buy a house 35% said they
want to buy a house this year at the big
shift and what it was last five years
encouraging for the housing market yes
I'm a lady
to be fair there was one thing that the
property shark survey was correct about
it found that Millennials are more
realistic about their means and the most
pessimistic about the prospect of
homeownership maybe instead of assuming
Millennials don't want to purchase homes
it might make more sense to look into
why they're so pessimistic about the
prospect of homeownership according to
CNBC Millennials finally began entering
the housing market in huge numbers last
year in 2017 only to find a critical
shortage of homes for sale and fast
rising home prices bidding wars became
the norm and young potential buyers from
coast to coast were often priced out
lack of inventory is driving up housing
prices which of course negatively
impacts everyone in the middle class not
just Millennials part of the problem is
that investors swoop in and purchase
homes for the sole purpose of renting
them out Fox Business has more on this
one of the biggest things that came out
this week was in The Wall Street Journal
they were talking about how
institutional investors are going out in
gobbling homes and then they're renting
them out because they're saying certain
families now just want to be righteous
what is your thought in that sentiment
so I mean that's true I think that we
just came out this month the rents
hitting all-time high averaging around
$1400 nationally right now that
sentiment is very true coupled with a
staggering fact that a lot of the houses
that were bid on in 2017 35% of them
were bid on without somebody actually
physically going to look at the house to
make that first offer so it's very
consistent right now and they stole and
with rents that high it's a good
economic play for a bit large hedge
funds are investors that's right housing
affordability continues to be a huge
issue in America and it goes beyond home
ownership for anyone making minimum wage
there is literally no place in America
where that low pay can afford you a
two-bedroom apartment our press should
do a better job exploring and examining
what the real underlying issues are
rather
brushing people off as lazy or juvenile
Millennials aren't stupid we know that
one of the quickest ways to build wealth
is to own property we also know that
financial stability means not having to
adjust costs based on the whims of a
landlord let's address the underlying
economic factors because reporting on
one random survey is lazy and
irresponsible to say the least
you never have to miss another episode
of no filter by ringing the bell below
you'll get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download our TYT Plus app on your iPhone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join
