Donna Brazile was the interim chair of
the DNC and she took over for Debbie
wasserman-schultz
this was during the 2016 elections
obviously during the primaries a lot of
folks including us here at the Young
Turks said that the DNC was clearly
favoring Hillary Clinton we had plenty
of evidence right out in the public the
way that they tried to minimize the
debates put them at times they would not
be watched very much the polling booths
that were closed in places like Rhode
Island in Arizona which made no sense as
the Democratic Party was rightfully
complaining about how the Republican
Party does voter suppression there was
plenty of evidence out in the public and
then unfortunately for Dharma's oh yeah
we found out through WikiLeaks that she
had leaked questions during the debates
to Hillary Clinton's team at first she
denied it our own reporter Jordan
Chariton was the first one to notice
that in a CNN about it
when the WikiLeaks were released he was
also the first one to question Donna
Brazile about whether she did it she
done on it at the time now she is
admitted that she did do it and she had
said earlier quote it was a mistake I
will forever regret so we were right she
did in fact leak those questions and she
has admitted that but today she admits
far far more it turns out that the
primary was in fact absolutely
positively raped this is the person who
was the chair of the DNC now listen to
what she says she says I had promised
Bernie when I took the helmet of the
Democratic National Committee after the
convention that I would get to the
bottom of whether Hillary Clinton's team
had rigged the nomination process as a
cache of emails stolen by the Russian
hackers and posted online had suggested
I'd had my suspicious from the moment I
walked in the door of the DNC a month or
so earlier based on the leaked emails so
she says I followed the money
my predecessor Florida representative
Debbie wasserman-schultz
had not been the most active chair and
fundraising at a time when President
Barack Obama
was neglect had left a party a party
insignificant debt so now you're gonna
see overwhelming and clear evidence here
in a sec that not only they rigged it
but how they rigged it but here she's
explaining why they rigged it so and I'm
sure that the folks at the DNC and the
Democratic establishment are going to be
furious with Donna Brazile and and given
that a lot of the progressive camp was
already furious with her I think that
this is a courageous act she's not gonna
have many allies left but the truth is
more important than that and at least
she has shared it today and I know that
a lot of people think she should have
shared it earlier I understand that I
certainly empathize with that but it is
really important for us to know and she
R here she is saying Wasserman Schultz
didn't do her job that is a heavy blow
to debbie Wasserman Schultz she must be
livid today but furthermore she says
Barack Obama had neglected the party and
left it in significant debt that is
another bold statement and she knows she
was there she saw the numbers in fact in
this piece in Politico she shares the
numbers so let's keep going she says as
Hillary's campaign gained momentum she
resolved the party's debt and put it on
a starvation diet it had become
dependent on her campaign for survival
for which she expected to wield control
of its operations so there you have it
so the party is in terrible debt
according to Brazil because of Wasserman
Schultz and Obama and Hillary Clinton
says well I could give you the money but
there's gonna be strings attached and
I'm going to exercise control so she
went on to say Brazil did
Debbie was not a good manager she hadn't
been very interested in controlling the
party she let Clinton's headquarters in
Brooklyn do it as do as it desired so
she didn't have to inform the party
officers how bad the situation was how
much control Brooklyn had and for how
long was still something I had been
trying to uncover it for the last few
weeks so Brooklyn is Hillary's campaign
headquarters
it is now absolutely clear that during
the primaries that the antsy was
actually
being run by Hillary's headquarters it
doesn't get any more rigged than this so
look a lot of people tried to influence
the general election and I'm still livid
over that but no one influenced the
primaries and rigged the primaries more
than the DNC I wish it weren't so
Republicans will jump on this and and
and I'm very saddened by that but the
way to prevent that is not to cover up
the truth the way to prevent that is to
not rig it in the first place so
but there's more devastating revelations
here she explains by September 7th the
day I called Bernie I had found my proof
and it broke my heart
she said the Saturday morning after the
convention in July I called Gary Gensler
the chief financial officer of Hillary's
campaign he wasted no words he told me
the Democratic Party was broke and two
million dollars in debt actually they
were in far bigger debt earlier before
Hillary Clinton's team injected some
money and and again with it attached
provisions that they now run the DNC in
the middle of a race with the DNC
theoretically is supposed to be neutral
between all of the different Democrats
running and they were not neutral
because they had literally in this case
been bought but even so by the time that
Donna Brazile takes over and it's now
after the convention there's still in
two million dollars of debt and
Hillary's finance chair explains that to
Brazil and she goes on to explain he
described the party as fully under the
control of Hillary's campaign which
seemed to confirm the suspicions of the
Bernie camp the campaign had the DNC on
life support giving it money every month
to meet its basic expenses while the
campaign was using the party as a
fundraising Clearing House now that goes
to a second really important revelation
the first part of that sentence of that
paragraph is already devastating if you
thought the election the primary
election was rigged you were a hundred
percent right so by the way going
forward still there be a lot of people
who some who will be disingenuous with
some who will not
seen this confession and admission by
Donna Brazile and they'll say oh it's a
conspiracy theory that it was rigged and
a lot of mainstream media I'm waiting
for their apology so when we talked
about the evidence that was already
available publicly as to why it appeared
that the DNC was clearly favoring one of
the candidates over the others the rest
of the media treated us off that you
know look at these Bernie supporters as
Bernie camp making these wild
allegations they were wrong they did not
treated it with the credibility that it
deserved and we were right and that
matters and going forward when you say
that the election was rigged they'll say
oh come on are you saying that it's not
us it's the head of the DNC who says yes
I was there I saw the numbers I talked
to the people
it was definitely rigged but the second
part is as equally important they use
the DNC for money laundering now it's
not illegal it's money laundering in a
legal way
but for this gross amount of big donor
money that they flush through the DNC
but eventually the Hillary's campaign
this is also something that we reported
on to be fair to Politico Politico had
reported on and earlier as well during
the campaign and and she explains how
they funneled the money through under
the FEC law an individual can contribute
maximum of two thousand seven hundred
dollars directly to a presidential
campaign but the limits are much higher
for contributions to state parties and a
party's National Committee individuals
who had maxed out their 2007 on genomic
contribution limit to the campaign could
write an additional check for three
hundred and fifty three thousand four
hundred dollars to the Hilary Victory
Fund that figure represented ten
thousand dollars to each of the 32 state
parties who were part of the victory
fund agreement three hundred and twenty
thousand dollars and thirty three
thousand four hundred to the DNC the
money would be deposit in the state's
first and transfer to the DNC shortly
after that money in the battleground
states usually stayed in that state but
all the other states funnel that money
directly to the DNC which quickly
transferred the money to Brooklyn
Burnie never had a chance when he came
to the DNC they were already doing money
laundering for his opponent I'm not sure
there's ever been a primary in this
country as unfair as this one was in
general elections there have been a lot
of dirty tricks and don't get me wrong
in the Republican primary for example in
Jewish and Karl Rove did terribly dirty
tricks with robo calls that were
malicious and racist against John McCain
but they did not control the RNC as
thoroughly as Hillary Clinton is
controlled the DNC so yes there were
terrible dirty tricks in in plenty of
primaries but no primer as far as I know
and this admission goes was anywhere
near as raid as this primary in 2016 if
you believe that at the time you were
right and all the people who were
skeptical were absolutely wrong so she
explains that Politico did break that
story at the time and when the politico
story described disarrangement as quote
essentially money laundering for the
Clinton campaign Hillary's people were
outraged at being accused of doing
something shady and now in reality as
she explains they knew exactly that that
is what they were doing but they
pretended to be outraged in public and
in the press and when they did a lot of
the press was cowed and didn't cover it
as aggressively their control over the
presses another scandal but that's for
another day let me keep going on this
story Donna episode continues to explain
yet the state's kept less than 1/2 of 1%
of the 82 million dollars they had
amassed from the extravagant fundraisers
Hillary's campaign was holding now if
they've followed 99.5% of the money to
Hillary I think that it is fair to call
that money laundering now it's not again
in this case it doesn't happen to be
illegal I think our campaign finance
laws are disastrous
I think we've legalized bribery in a
hundred different ways and this is one
of the ways but was it funneling and
laundering the money through the DNC and
eventually the Hillary campaign yes okay
the party chair usually shrinks the
staff at Brazil explains between
president and present
election campaigns but Debbie had chosen
to not do that
she had stuck lots of consultants on the
DNC payroll and Obama's consultants were
being financed by the DNC too and Brazil
explains that because that is part of
the reason why they were broke during
the lectures you're supposed to power up
you hire consultants theoretically to
help you win elections although
Democratic consultants almost never do
that they lose all of the close races
and they've lost the house the Senate
the presidency they lost 69 out of 99
state legislatures but the consultants
get rich either way but you're supposed
to power down in order to save money so
you don't go broke in between elections
but Obama and Wasserman Schultz said no
don't power down keep going keep paying
our Democratic consultant friends so
they took and they took and they took
and some of you gave money for the DNC
they took that money I don't know what
they did it with with it during the off
election cycle what will we telling you
on The Young Turks throughout it's the
Democratic consultants and lobbyists
that are the real powers behind the DNC
they are the ones that are now attacking
Bernie Sanders supporters and Keith
Ellison supporters they're the ones who
attacked keith Ellison in the first
place they're the ones who are saying do
not look at our budget because if you
looked at the budget you would know that
most of the money is going to those
corrupt Democratic consultants and now
this is another case where we were
proven right and it the revelations show
you that it is in fact true now they
explain about the agreement so Brazil
actually found a written agreement
between the Hillary camp and the DNC she
said the agreement signed by Amy Dacey
the former CEO of the DNC and Robby Mook
with a copy of the mark with a copy to
mark Elias the lawyer specified that in
exchange for raising money and investing
in the DNC Hillary would control the
party's finances strategy and all the
money raised her campaign had a right of
first refusal who would be the party
communications director and it would
make the final decisions on all the
other staff the DNC also was required to
consult with the campaign about all
other staffing budgeting day
analytics and mailings complete and
utter control of the DNC by one of the
candidates running in a primary no
election has ever been so raped in US
history so now it doesn't mean I want to
be clear about this that they went and
changed votes now some of you believe
that and we've got to get further proof
of that but this is not the issue here
they rigged it in every other way they
the communication staffer to DNC is
working for Hillary Clinton behind the
scenes the finances are all going to
Hillary Clinton everything that was done
at the DNC was done at the orders of one
of the candidates to the discrimination
and bias against all of the other
candidates including Bernie Sanders and
now if you're saying well maybe it was
after the primaries and during the
general election which actually would be
normal during the general election the
candidate that has won then uses the
party to help that party's leader win
that is not what happened here
so one final piece of clarity this
Victory Fund agreement Brazil says
however had been signed in August of
2015 just four months after Hillary
announced her candidacy and nearly a
year before she officially had the
nomination they have in so many ways
ruined the Democratic Party now who in
their right mind is going to donate to
the DNC given this level of corruption
but I want to defeat Republicans I am a
progressive so I believe that the
progressive candidate is better off I
think uncorrupted candidates who don't
take corporate PAC money who don't take
lobbyists are way better off and yes you
should definitely give to those specific
candidates but the party needs
infrastructure it needs to be an actual
fighter for progressive causes it hasn't
been that for a long long time and now
the corruption that is revealed is so
thorough that that you can't eat that
donating to the
and see you know to this day we can't
see where the budget is going to this
date the same consultants that ripped
you off before ripping you off today who
would give to that organization these
this these corrupt people inside the DNC
have destroyed the Democratic Party they
have taken and taken and taken they've
taken all the money and they robbed it
blind now
when Democrats lose they turn around and
blame progressives are you kidding me
it is 100% your fault all you cared
about was taking the money out of this
and people gave their hard-earned money
to help progressives win and you didn't
do that and at the end through all this
corruption what happened you lost the
Donald Trump anyway there's no one else
to blame now the former chair of the DNC
explains yes it was the DNC yes it was
the Hillary Clinton campaign this ends
almost all debates on this issue it was
corrupt it was rigged they purposely
picked Hillary Clinton and if we had a
fair election and a fair primary perhaps
we could have had a different candidate
and most importantly a different
president these people didn't care about
progressive ideology or priorities all
they cared about was money and their own
personal careers and now the result is
we have Donald Trump for president I
can't think of anything more shameful
this is exactly what we're going to end
at the Democratic Party it is time for
progressives to take over enough with
corporate Democrats they have ruined any
chance of progressives winning in this
country they must step out of the way
immediately everyone involved in this
should of course be fired and Obama who
helped destroy the Democratic Party in
this case by accrual all of those debts
and then say no no no keep paying my
consulted friends then installs Tom
Perez is the leader of the DNC now you
trust Tom Perez you trust the people
running the DNC today
are you kidding me you have to get rid
of all of them we have to start from
scratch it's time for progressives to
take over the party and to actually win
elections and to actually be uncorrupted
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
