this is a fascinating story Robert
Mercer is the main funder of Breitbart
of course that employs Steve Banta use
employ Milo he was the main funder of
Ted Cruz and then switched over to
Donald Trump and was his top funder and
brought Steve Bannon into the Trump
campaign Oh as well as Kellyanne Conway
so an enormous right-wing donor he
actually keeps Breitbart afloat with his
money because they don't actually make
any money me money they're actually a
propaganda outlet but today
Mercer saying that he is cutting ties
with a lot of those folks so and there
one last dramatic announcement at the
end as well I'll get to that in a second
about his personal life but first on
Milo he says I supported Milo in the
hope and expectation that his expression
of views contrary to the social
mainstream and his spotlighting of the
hypocrisy of those who would choose
who'd closed down free speech in the
name of political correctness would
promote the type of open debate and
freedom of thought that is being
throttled on many American college
campuses today but in my opinion actions
of and statements by mister jana Paulus
have caused pain and divisive nisonger
mining the open and productive discourse
that I had hoped to facilitate I was a
mistaken to have supported him and for
several weeks have been in the process
of severing all ties with him now
there's a couple of different issues
with Milo one is that he seemed to
encourage pedophilia in an interview
that was revealed that got him kicked
off of Breitbart in the first place but
that is not when Robert Mercer wanted to
cut ties with him supporting pedophilia
you say tomato I say tomahto what
apparently did affect him and by the way
it's a good thing that it affected him
otherwise he'd be a monster one could
still make an argument but it is a good
thing that he's severing ties with Milo
so what affected him the recent report
that came out that showed proved that
Milo had actually been taking notes from
neo-nazis and white nationalists and
white supremacists and trying to soften
it just a touch and then presented as
the right-wing opinion of Breitbart
which is true that that is opinion a
Breitbart
they do and it's shown absolutely by a
great report BuzzFeed that they worked
with Milo work with neo-nazis and white
nationalists to try to put their ideas
into the mainstream that was part of the
point of Breitbart the thing that he
worked on was their manifesto
so apparently neo-nazis were a bridge a
little too far for Robert Mercer no
thank you we appreciate it so he goes on
to then talk about banning
he says the press has also intimated
that my politics marches in lockstep
with Steve bannon's given the no
neo-nazis lockstep is probably the right
word there I have great respect for mr.
bannon and from time to time I do
discuss politics with them however I
make my own decisions with respect to
whom I support politically those
decisions do not always align with mr.
Maness in other words they largely do so
but still just singing himself a little
bit from banner but the only reason
Steve Bannon is in any national
conversation is because of Robert Mercer
Robert Mercer insisted that he go in the
Trump campaign in during the convention
RNC Bannon Kellyanne Conway were in his
box and then they were inserted into the
Trump campaign after mana fort left
but even so if they are losing their
sugar daddy that would be wonderful Milo
apparently he's on the outs we'll see
what happens with Bannon and then the
last part of the political news he said
for personal reasons I have also decided
to sell my stake in Breitbart news now
that would be super important then they
wouldn't have any money and they'd go
out of business because they're not a
real business they don't believe in
capitalism they believe in socialism
from the rich but let me read you the
rest of the sentence sell my stake in
Breitbart news to my daughters
okay so in other words you're gonna keep
on funding it but it's caused too much
embarrassment for you
so instead you'll say no my daughters
are the ones funding neo-nazism in white
nationalism so it's okay don't blame me
way to hide behind your daughter's
classy move Robert Mercer if you
actually meant it and you are actually
disgusted by
it or at least concern you didn't say
discuss it if you were concerned enough
you would stop working with Milo and
Steve Bannon and Breitbart news but it
turns out the Mercer family is going to
continue to fund this website whose main
thesis was built on white nationalism
well the last part is personal and
fascinating he is stepping down Mercer
is from his role as co-ceo of hedge fund
Renaissance Technologies LLC and is one
of the largest hedge funds in the world
and his supply of money now he
unfortunately has so much that he would
probably never ever run out and
apparently he's still gonna keep on
laundering that money over to Breitbart
despite this you know this publicity
stunt for just basically to cover
himself and to say to his friends in the
financial world no no no no I'm not
associated with the neo-nazis anymore
those are just my daughters if you
really want to disassociate yourself
there's a really easy way to do it stop
funding Breitbart watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
