Jake Tapper's the latest victim of a
smear job by the right-wing he says
something perfectly normal after the New
York City terrorist attack that killed a
people let's show you the Arabic Chanda
Allahu Akbar god is great
sometimes I said under the most
beautiful of circumstances and too often
we hear of it between being set in
moments like this it's true the
terrorists in this case they'd shadow
Allahu Akbar during their attack now Fox
News though took that a little out of
context to say the least
they say CNN's Jake Tapper says Allah
Akbar is beautiful right after New York
City terror attack no no that's not what
he said he said sometimes it is said in
a beautiful context which is true
because it just means God is great so
when you praise God or though or Lord or
Jesus that could be that set in a
beautiful context if you do it right
before you kill people because you're a
part of the army of God or whatever
Christian group that would be sent in
that terrible context same thing here in
this case is a Muslim radical a lot of
Muslims say a lot of experimental
circumstances and a lot of them say
unfortunately way too many as we've seen
in terrorist attacks are saying it under
horrific circumstances which is exactly
what tapper said instead here's Jason
Chaffetz on Fox News twisting his words
again Jake Tapper also from CNN felt the
need to remind viewers viewers how
beautiful the phrase Allah Akbar can be
yeah there's no end to their deceptions
so tapper is furious he goes on Twitter
says Fox News is lying I said it can be
said at beautiful moments wedding birth
and too often at times like this a
horrific terrorist attack he goes on to
say Fox News choose instead to
deliberately lie about what I said
following the slime coded path of Daily
Caller and Infowars disgusting and it's
true it originally started in the Daily
Caller which is a total propaganda rag
it is funded to be Republican propaganda
and they there is no bar low enough and
four wars for lunatics who believe in
80% bears pigs gorillas or whatever else
Jones
things now it was so bad that media
reports Fox News has deleted the tweet
which drew tappers dire ire I should say
and so they knew that they were wrong
and in fact even Chaffetz came out and
tweeted in retrospect I don't think I
gave Jake Tapper a fair shake tonight my
bad well that's good of him to at least
admit that and tapper explains I ignore
the lie for a day it started with some
kid at the Daily Caller then to info
wars and Breitbart news now it's on TV
we're next and that's why he said he
came out and he said there was a time
when one could tell the difference
between Fox and the nut jobs at Infowars
it's getting tougher and tougher lies or
lies
well let's pause there for a second look
I agree 100% with Jake Tapper he's in
the right here Fox and the wrong no
question about they smeared him no
question about it but no Fox has always
been that way and and a lot of the media
were justifiably angry at this as as
tapper was but Fox News has done this to
acorn Shirley Sherrod Planned Parenthood
and it was not the same level of outrage
it was reported as well you know some
people say this and other people say
that well we had half a dozen or more
state investigations to Planned
Parenthood case they all said that it
wasn't true yet when Republicans say
that they sold baby parts they still
treated with well some people say this
and some people say that no it is a
slime coated path of Lies and in that
case it is to try to take away rights of
all women in the country with all due
respect that is a far more serious issue
that affects a lot more people than a
news anchor and again I'm on Jake's side
here he's absolutely right
but it needs to be broader than that you
have to be honest with your audience
all Fox News does is lie they they've
done this for decades look at out Fox
watch the movie that that brave new
films did all those years ago we've
known this for almost the entire
existence of Fox News acorn was to help
poor people and what did they do
they defund that they destroyed it a
corn doesn't exist anymore it was based
on lies it was edited tapes of O'Keefe
that Fox News ran over and over and over
again and those lies worked and now poor
people in America don't have access to
all the things that acorn used to help
them with that affected millions of
people I'm not saying you shouldn't be
outraged by this you absolutely should
but you should be equally outraged and
all the other lies that have devastated
millions of people that Fox News has
spread and you think they're done
they're never done so even after all
this Sean Hannity came out and said this
now Tapper has since been levying
multiple attacks on the Fox News Channel
reporting the comments in context that
you just listened to tweeted quote Fox
News is lying well it was so not in
context that they deleted the tweet and
I think that's a pretty good admission
Chaffetz said he shouldn't have said it
but Hannity comes out and goes I don't
care Kennedy's a professional liar
that's what he does day in and day out
he's like I don't care that others
admitted that we were twisting the truth
and giving it out of context I'm gonna
keep on insisting on it that's my job
and that is this job one last one from
tapper he said Hannity lying now the Fox
News tweet I was referring to has been
deleted because it was false well as
tapper himself admits it shouldn't be
news to you that that's what Fox News
does it's not an accident it's not a few
bad apples that's the whole point of Fox
News help us build an independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
