amazing story coming out of Vanity Fair
about the inner workings of the Trump
administration there's no end to these
stories but this one is a doozy because
it turns out that Donald Trump has
decided that Ivanka's husband not only
is he questioning his decisions I don't
know what the implications that will be
will he be fired that would be amazing
but when Donald Trump thinks you're an
idiot oh boy that is that is as almost
as low as it can get if you're in the
right wing I mean left wing of course he
has a lot of mistaken impressions about
okay so Sam Nonnberg is a person who
used to work for Trump's campaign and
here's what he says about the mood now
that mana fort and others have been
arrested here's what mana Ford's
indictment tells me muller is going to
go over every financial dealing of Jared
Kushner and the Trump Organization and I
hope that's true and if it is true I
believe they will find amazing terrible
information in there and that family is
in way bigger trouble than they realize
nunberg continues Trump is at 33% in the
Gallup poll you can't go any lower he's
fucked now that is a former campaign
aide to Donald Trump a guy on his side
but he thinks they are in a world of
trouble by the way he is wrong about one
thing he can and he will go lower than
33% I guarantee it
okay now continuing with the Gabriel
Sherman story in Vanity Fair
he explains for the first time since the
investigation began the prospect of
impeachment is being considered as a
realistic outcome and not just the
liberal fever dream according to a
source advisors in the West Wing or on
the edge and doing whatever they can not
to be ensnared so there's panic inside
the White House that they're gonna get
caught up in the impeachment this is my
favorite part of the story even more
than the Jared Kushner part one person
close to Dena Powell and Gary Cohen so
they're making sure to leave rooms if
the subject of Russia comes up those are
the goldman sachs people they came in to
pilfer the place they're like well we
came here
the tax cuts we want to make sure that
our corporations and our rich friends
got all the tax cuts we ever dreamed of
I don't want any part of Russia I don't
want any part of Criminal Investigations
okay we do our pilfering legally we just
buy off the government we legalized
bribes and then we bribe the government
so much they put us into power and then
we pass legislation to give trillions of
dollars to our rich friends but we are
on any part of Russia where's the exits
where is the exits when the Goldman guys
are starting to look for the exits you
know that you're in trouble okay an
unnamed White House source tells Vanity
Fair his options are limited referring
to trump and his instinct is to come out
swinging which won't help things that's
partly how we got in trouble in the
first place
he fired James Comey because he was he
had begun an investigation of him which
made things far worse and then like an
idiot said on national television yeah I
fired him because of the Russian
investigation you pretty much just
proved obstruction of justice
so yes Trump will likely come out
swinging because he doesn't know how
stupid he is and probably wind up
punching himself in the face as he has
done many times but we're gonna go back
to that Comey firing because apparently
that's part of what they're so manager
Kushner about so speaking to Steve
banning on Tuesday Trump blamed Jared
Kushner for his role in decisions
specifically the firing of Mike Flynn
and James Comey that led to Muller's
appointment according to a source
briefed on the call when Roger stone
recently told Trump that Kushner was
giving him bad political advice Trump
agreed according to someone familiar
with the conversation damn who's that
under the bus oh look it's his
son-in-law come here I've got a great
wedding for you gonna get married to my
daughter
oh no aj red wedding look cushion first
it's two things that are part of this
fine three look if you're gonna get me
to defend Jared Kushner or try to defend
America so you're gonna fail Jared
Kushner is guilty of knowing all this
stuff helping Donnell
Trump with his horrific policies and he
is not very bright at all remember his
dad had to basically bribe Harvard with
two million dollars to get him in then
he did one of the worst real estate
deals in New York history he's a serial
bundler just like his father-in-law
so am I surprised that Kushner gave the
bad advice on fire and Comey in Flint no
I'm not remotely surprised but number
two you can't get rid of personal
responsibility
I thought Republicans were for that
Trump whenever something goes wrong
because that's not me it's not me it's
him it's him it's him but he's running
out of people and and kind of like Tony
Soprano he's gonna have to go to his
family now and go are you now you go
under the bus but once you've thrown
your family under the bus there's no one
left this is this looks like the end
game so and then number three
specifically on the Comey firing you're
gonna blame coach there you wanted a
fire Comey you said all along that you
were disgruntled with Comey you said on
national TV you want to fire him because
the Russian investigation you are
ultimately responsible no matter who
gave you the advice and you can't kid
anyone that you didn't want to fire
coming what your son-in-law twisted your
arm no you wanted a fire Mike Flynn's a
different story
you thought his corruption was part of
your corruption and you probably wanted
to protect him but call me you
definitely wanted fired
okay back to Nonnberg the Trump campaign
8 he said jared is the worst political
adviser in the White House in modern
history damn he went on to say I'm only
saying publicly what everyone says
behind the scenes at Fox News in
conservative media and the Senate and
Congress so they don't say to our face
but internally apparently they all think
Jared Kushner
is a total moron and but don't worry
luckily he's only in charge of half of
the policy at the White House the China
policy he's supposed to bring his peace
in the Middle East he's in charge of
there was a one broad definition of how
he was in charge of fixing everything at
the White House such a trumpian thing
right and it goes on
so apparently all conservatives behind
the scenes agree Jared Kushner is an
idiot and you gave him half the White
House to run
nicely done Donald help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
