Halloween happened it just happened and
of course you can always rely on the
Trump family to ruin a good thing and or
at least attempt to ruin a good thing
and Donald Trump jr. did so by
exploiting his own daughter and posting
her photo on Twitter to make a point
about socialism that made no sense at
all whatsoever
case in point adorable Chloe very cute
holding a bucket of her Halloween candy
and the tweet says I'm going to take
half of Chloe's candy tonight and give
it to some kid who sat at home it's
never too early to teach her about
socialism okay but that can't the candy
the candy was a handout no but that's
all you guys ever known oh you have ever
known is handouts handouts from your
family you know giving you all the
wealth that you've inherited that is a
handout getting candy from individuals
who are not kind enough nice enough to
give a treat just so they don't get that
trick you know that's that's a--that's a
handout that's a handout she didn't work
hard for that can't she's a kid first of
all don't use your kid for these
political points it's so disgusting but
secondly like no this is not a case of
socialism it was a it was a handout okay
so let's explain a couple more things to
these knuckleheads so first of all your
daddy inherited 200 million dollars from
his daddy Wow congratulations on all
that hard work eat Donald Trump's
clearly not telling the truth about his
wealth but even if he was estimates
showed that if all he had done was put
that money that he inherited from his
dad actually a way lower estimate of
what he inherited from his dad and the
stock market he'd have more money now so
and remember he bankrupted himself six
times in your Halloween analogy your
grandfather gave your dad a giant
enormous bucket of candy and your dad
dumped it out six different times in the
street so I don't wear the candy what
and then is that giving me with more
money and he would have been had more
candy if he'd done right anyway so and
then your dad gave you
Andy this analogy but you know you were
born on third base and thought you
kicked a field goal and he's so good to
look the soldiers are like couplers who
would everybody from their daddies and
grant daddies wow you must be so so
proud and and by the way it's not about
social or not socialism it's about
teaching your kids to do decent things
sure yeah exactly I mean I feel like
every good parent wants to teach their
kids how to share but they're like no
you keep that candy for yourself Chloe
you worked really hard to earn it by the
way JK Rowling had the perfect Twitter
response to this she said
fill her bucket with old candy left by
her great-grandfather then explained
that she has more because she's smarter
than all the other kids and look you
know what's the decently first of all I
hope he's and I again I don't want any
those kids but what we do is we say you
say happy Halloween you say
trick-or-treat by the way that's the
official right way to ask for candy on
Halloween and then afterwards you say
thank you to every single person who
gave me candy and then after that you
are this public school that our kids are
going to has program where they donate
to the needy you know why you do that
it's not a lot of socialism capitalism
it's a matter of being a halfway decent
person and teaching your kids to be a
halfway decent person hey you know what
and we talk about it all the time you've
got to be grateful look at all these
wonderful things that you have and and
some people don't have it and and
wouldn't it be great to share that with
them and bring them joy and and we you
know we've given some of their toys away
to just friends you know and we talk
about the joy that they had in their
face when when they got it in and etc
you sound like a terrible parent
socialism oh it's being decent and by
the way if you're actually talking about
taxes and how it goes well in that
analogy the government takes that candy
and then builds bridges and roads and
schools and schools so that other kids
could have a chance of getting candy too
it's just all of this as always these
discussions and these debates are always
so fascinating to me because it starts
with this
preconceived notion that every dollar
every penny that you pay in taxes just
immediately gets redistributed to like a
lazy bum or a group of lazy bums that
refuse to do any work and want to mooch
off the system when in reality you look
at the federal budget we've been over
this a billion times a fraction of that
budget a small fraction of that budget
goes to these government programs which
by the way repeatedly get cuts in
funding to help the poor right
we never have discussions about
corporate welfare
we never have discussions about how we
purposely intentionally invade other
countries and start wars to give private
contractors giant contracts so they can
go off and and you know make their
weapons do their drone strikes do
whatever it is that they want to do to
profit handsomely off US taxpayers that
is the type of type of welfare I'd like
to go after and and another thing they
pretend like they don't take advantage
of any of the things that are built
through taxpayer money right the roads
the bridges they pretend as though they
never use those things they pretend as
though they live and like this fantasy
privatized world where all those you
know infrastructure projects never
benefited them once in their lives I
don't know if it's just ignorance or if
it's just you know pretending like you
don't know because you're trying to pass
off this ridiculous talking point that
makes no sense I don't know no it's
definitely an insatiable greed and this
clown has never bothered to figure out
hey how would anybody get to Trump Tower
if the government hadn't built a road or
all the bridges and tunnels into
Manhattan so let's take away the bridges
and tunnels and see how Trump Tower does
but he doesn't care cuz he's just he
grew up in a bubble where you're awesome
for being rich rich people are great and
as Trump recently said why would I want
poor people in my cabinet because
they're not good poor people are bad
rich people are great it doesn't matter
how you got the money it reminds me of
this study that we talked about a couple
years ago and you guys should go back
and watch it if I remember it correctly
it was a group of people who were
playing a game that was very obviously
rigged they knew it was rigged
okay and so one group would constantly
win in this game knowing that it was
rigged it was slanted in their favor and
as they continued playing the game and
as they continued winning more and more
they got this like weird sense of
entitlement they started like crunching
on their snacks loudly and yelling and
they were super boastful and they had
this sense of entitlement as if they
earned it right there they're more
talented or they're more skilled than
the other player but again for the
billionth time they knew it was rigged
and it didn't matter like they somehow
you know convinced themselves that they
were better no look it's human nature
guys it's not just to blame it on
Republicans or anything so the game was
monopoly in that study and they had more
money to begin with but they kept saying
like oh man I'm really good at this and
and look I catch myself doing it yeah
but at least worse know enough to catch
ourselves right so in fantasy football
this week I won even though I had the
second lowest score in the league I was
super lucky I just played the guy with
the lowest score but I caught myself
going man I started the right
quarterback nice job just luck right
and nobody's luckier than Donald Trump
jr. but he doesn't know it yeah and
finally I love Anna's point about the
candy let's say that you had a hundred
pieces of candy in defeat took away
fifty one or two of those candies would
have gone to the poorer middle class
here's seven to lockheed-martin I had
four to the oil companies for subsidies
37 to the banks for a bailout right it's
it's actually corporate socialism where
they privatize the gains and socialize
the losses on to the rest of us that's
the real problem if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
