Desmond Mead is the president CEO
Florida rice restoration coalition
Desmond welcome to rebel headquarters
having me on oh no problem at all
so you've got a unique campaign in
Florida you're trying to restore the
Voting Rights of a lot of folks and you
are working with at least one Republican
if not many to make that happen so first
of all who is the affected group here
how many people are in that group and
why do you think they should have their
voting rights back oh thank you so much
I think we know when you talk about
people who are impacted in Florida you
talking about at one point six eight
million people and of those at least 1.4
million of them have completed all the
terms of their sentence and these are
people from all walks of life from all
political persuasions all racial groups
and and one of the things that a lot of
people don't realize is that the
majority of these people are not people
that's coming out of prison but the
people that are already in our
communities in our home in our
congregation you know Florida to Bix
about a hundred and seventy thousand
people each year on a felony offense in
less than 25% of those are actually even
sentencer present and so the
overwhelming majority of people who were
talking about our people who are out
here among us in our community that's
just trying to move on with their lives
so Desmond you're in that group aren't
you I most definitely am you know
because of a drug addiction you know I
got into trouble a few times and
eventually was was sentenced to prison
but you know I was able to overcome that
and when I got out of prison I still had
to deal with a drug addiction which led
me to railroad tracks and contemplating
suicide but the train that come that day
and I end up crossing those tracks
checked myself in the drug treatment
after that I moved into a homeless
shelter and while out there I decided to
go back to school it worked out kind of
well for me because eventually I end up
getting accepted into law school and in
May of 2014 I did graduate with juris
doctorate degree however the
because I live in the state of Florida I
cannot practice law I'm married to have
five beautiful children
I can't purchase a home in many places
because my civil rights have not been
restored and of course the biggest of
the model is my wife ran for office last
an exercycle
not didn't even vote for and so I sit
with the 1.4 million people who have
completely served their time when the
still left out of this process that's a
powerful story and you know there's a
lot to get out of that story and I'm
glad that that train didn't come for you
another train came so and and I and I
want people to not underestimate someone
who happens to be homeless at a
particular time and they might be going
through some rough times but the duds
doesn't necessarily mean that that is
the content of their character and so
but Desmond you're also working with a
white conservative activist
in this arena who is that and why are
they motivated to work on this well the
person who I'm working with now and has
now become my brother from another month
you know Neal both but he's not the only
one you know one thing that I discovered
early when I used to travel to state of
Florida by myself was that man this
because of the war on drugs primarily
you know met in this country's
infatuation with with incarceration we
know that some disenfranchisement has
managed to touch many household and has
managed to to spread out you know
because we know initially it was
intended to keep the newly released
strays from voting
but like a tumor when left unchecked is
spread across a lot of the body and so
now it's impacting all Americans whether
they white black Latino rich poor you
know whether they're Democrats you know
so many people have been impacted by
this and that was something I discovered
early on in my journey around this
campaign and one of the first people who
I ran into other gentleman by the name
of Neil balls
a home that I said not become a brother
to me and I think that the nature of our
relationship is indicative of what we're
doing with this campaign and what makes
this campaign really special and that's
because we've been able to connect along
the lines of humanity and we because
we've been able to do that we find that
we had boycotted then we do opposing
each other and so because we were able
to connect along those lines you know he
and I have made a formidable duo
crisscross in the state energizing
people and creating a grassroots
movement that the state of Florida have
never seen before and so we're very
excited about where we have nearing the
finish line the grassroots momentum is
growing it's causing people from all
over organizations from all sides both
sides of the fence
to recognize this for what it is and
jump on board and support this so both
by the way for the audience at home is a
former congressional chief of staff and
he was sentenced to probation for his
role in a lobbying scandal but as with
anybody conservative or liberal people
can make amends and we have to believe
in second chances
in fact the website here is second
chances FL dot org FL obviously for
Florida and and Desmond you guys got a
vote coming up right and that's why this
is even more important right now
yes man we were able to collect you know
over a million signatures to place this
particular ballot question on the ballot
for November we are amendment for you
know we're asking folks to vote for
amendment former for second chances
right realizing that the system in
Florida is broken you know I don't know
if you even realize how broken it is but
when you look at Florida be only one of
four states that permanently
disenfranchise is its own citizens and
then you look at the process or the
ability
get those rights the store than what
they make you go through no having a
person wait
you know upwards of 17 years and still
not guaranteed to have the right to
story or the story of the Army veteran
that they put his life on the line for
this country and then have to wait 30
years because he wrote a bad check and
and so we're very the people of Florida
voters of further put this amendment on
the ballot and based on polling the
voters of Florida is overwhelmingly
supporting this amendment and we're
looking forward to the boat is ready
coming up and when we talk about boaters
we're talking about from all spectrums
whether they're conservative whether
they're progressive it doesn't matter
everyone across the board is really
supporting it and is on board with what
we're trying to do and to bring a little
sunshine back to the state of Florida
and so we can't wait for the river 6 to
get here so 1.4 million American
citizens could experience what it's like
to participate in true democracy again
and their sense to be free again see yes
yes and I want everybody understand this
is really important it just winning
isn't enough they have to win by over 60
percent so they've got to get 60 percent
on this vote and obviously the 1.4
million people affected can't vote to
see if they can get a vote so it reminds
me a beautiful about this is that we're
talking about you know over 1.6 million
people who are impacted members and
friends to vote for them so this is a
around love this is not a fear or
exclusion but understanding that people
from all walks of life had people out
there family members who care about them
getting a second chance and by the way
you just you should also know the last
thing is that Florida is not the norm
only I were conducting in Florida
automatically only automatically and
permanently keep anyone who's committed
a felony from ever voting again they're
the only three states who do that so
it's time to roll it back in those
states and get back to sanity so second
chances FL dot-org is your opportunity
to do that and especially if you live in
Florida make sure you go out and vote
Desmond Mead thank you so much for
joining us really appreciate you thank
you for having me on you she's on the go
don't worry we got you covered you still
listen to TYT at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
