earlier this year a nurse in Salt Lake
City Utah was wrongfully arrested for
refusing to draw blood from an
unconscious individual who had just been
in a car accident a police officer a
detective by the name of Jeff Payne
showed up with this patient and demanded
that the nurse draw his blood
well protocol indicated and by the way
the law indicated that they were unable
to do that because the cop did not have
a warrant the man was not arrested and
since he was unconscious he could not
consent to having his blood drawn so as
a result nurse
Alex bubbles was arrested and had to
fight to get a body cam footage to prove
that that wrongful arrest occurred I
believe we have the video showing that
wrongful arrest let's take a look at it
so she had her supervisor on
speakerphone to prove that she wasn't
trying to be difficult she wasn't just
trying to avoid complying with the
officer she was just following the rules
and then following that he very
forcefully arrested her even though she
did nothing wrong now the update to this
story is that the utah nurse wobbles has
settled the case for $500,000 however
not all of that money will go to her the
settlement covers all possible
defendants in a lawsuit including
individual police officers university
police and hospital security guards the
payout will be divided among the city
and the University of Utah by the way
just to show you what an incredible
person nurse levels is she says that she
plans to use part of the money to fund
legal help for others trying to get
similar body camera video and she will
also donate money to an effort to
prevent harassment and abuse toward
nurses so she's you know she's amazing
and a very strong individual who is
fighting for something that's incredibly
important ya know I I loved what she did
in in giving they're part of the
settlement for others that have could
benefit from the body camera video and
and actually get justice and and I love
that we're also beginning to draw a line
finally I mean this whole idea the cops
are right no matter what is preposterous
nobody's always right no matter what
what kind of maybe the same thing is
that to think and so and and it's not
just a matter of a few bad apples it's
that we've unfortunately given too much
power to police in this country by never
holding them accountable so in this case
they were held accountable and that's a
great thing and I hope it's on the road
to recovery so that we could have a
better justice system well not only were
they held accountable I mean it's it's
incredibly rare to see body camera
footage that proves that there's either
excessive force or a wrongful action
taken by a cop and then all of a sudden
there is like a consequence or a
punishment following that video right
Walter Scott is an example of that an
individual who's literally running away
from a cop and you get shot in the back
he was not an imminent threat but it
didn't matter the body cam footage
didn't change the situation for his
family at all in this case though the
detective did get fired which by the way
he's appealing and the lieutenant who
demanded or or directed him to force the
nurse to draw the blood was demoted and
is now a regular police officer he is
also appealing that decision I mean the
amount of entitlement that these
individuals have is incredible to me
yeah so great to see justice here I wish
there was justice in the Walter Scott
case as well by the way the Carbonite
case also planted evidence on tape we
saw it but he got away with it anyway
because apparently shooting an unarmed
black man in the back
and implanting evidence is not that big
a deal it would be great if we could
actually get justice for all Americans
if you like this video you love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
