the CEO of Papa John's is trying to
explain why it is that their third
quarter earnings were not so great in
fact in a conference call regarding the
company's disappointing third quarter
earnings Papa John's CEO essentially
said that the company is struggling
because of the NFL's lingering anthem
controversy and he blamed the NFL's
lingering anthem controversy on NFL
leadership namely Commissioner Roger
Goodell who didn't nip this in the bud
he should have just squashed it
immediately and stopped the players from
kneeling and that's the whole reason why
people aren't buying his pizza oh my god
so this guy is a Republican the pals
around with Peyton Manning you know how
I feel about that and this is the same
party that believes in personal
responsibility oh no it's not that my
pizza sucks it's not that the only
reason that anybody buys my pizza is
because of that toxic garlic butter that
we all actually secretly enjoy the
audience I like Papa John's Pizza I'm
sorry I'm sorry no no our job is to be
honest yes and and I don't like their
pizza at all this super mediocre but the
butter i I don't know what's in the
butter it's okay but it is good okay
anyway so look look into me your pizza
better or maybe your business practices
no never personal responsibility it's
those damn african-american players who
care about getting shot by cops wrongly
I mean if only they stopped getting shot
well that's they want to stop getting
shot right oh why don't they just stop
complaining about injustice and how
people are getting killed in the wrong
ways you're costing me pizza sales no is
there anything that black people won't
get blamed I know there's a reason why
Papa John's is not selling as many
pizzas is it it wants to or should it's
amazing so let me give you the CEO
exact quotes during this conference call
he said good or bad leadership starts at
the top and this is an example of poor
leadership this should have been nipped
in the bud a year and a half ago the NFL
controversy is polarizing the customer
polarizing the country now that's it I'm
done with Papa Johnson III I'm serious
so I know I did the chick-fil-a ban
because of their views on how the LGBT
community we did it with a lot of people
I find us secretly that they're now
going to eat there but I've held strong
okay and I'm a man who cares about food
no no I'm done with Papa chance you're
gonna blame people complaining people
rightfully looking to change the justice
system so that it is more just to all
Americans for for your lack of business
sense
no you schmuck you're putting all your
ads on TV you're overpaying Peyton
Manning you're overpaying the TV
networks and not that many people are
watching TV anymore well you're too
stupid to figure out digital and so
you're like oh I don't know let's do
what all Republicans do like Edison
let's just blame black people well why
do they care about justice so much when
they should be forced to buy our Pitons
there's one other factor that I think
we're missing and this is not a paid
sponsorship so I'm not doing this as an
ad but I just want to be clear Domino's
also stepped up its game okay
Domino's is delicious and my favorite
pizzas chain in the country but I think
Papa Papadakis is liners that he thinks
because there's this boycotts on the NFL
because white people because that's one
person
people who eat his damn pizzas they're
not watching the NFL because the
boycotts the kneeling is turning off all
of my white customers and all my white
customers aren't seeing my ads anymore
during football games and now they're
not buying my pizzas because they're not
reminded about my pizzas anymore but
then you got folks that also are
boycotting the other way and then I
watch them because of how Colin
Kaepernick got ousted so is that all the
customers who in support of Catholics
protests and much address the NFL's
protests that aren't buying your damn
pizzas well he just thinks one-sided
it's just these folks my like-minded
people that aren't watching NFL that
aren't buying my pizzas so therefore
they should have nip this in the bud and
not allow them to not watch my damn
commercials anymore
so whether you want to join my one-man
boycott or not I'll tell you this
Papa John's clearly cares much more
about their pizza sales than they do
about the injustice that African
Americans live with on a daily basis or
freedom of speech and if and if that's
your priorities and then go ahead and
buy a Papa John's but if your priorities
are justice for all Americans and you
see how indifferent this company is to
that and how they're blaming you for
their own problems well then it's not a
company I'd want to give my money to if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
