a Caribbean island is suffering a
gigantic tide of plastic trash and the
images that we're seeing now of the
coastline of Roatan are devastating
especially considering how expensive it
would be to clean up this pollution so
let's take a look at some of these
images for the residents of wrote on
this is a tiny island it's only 12 miles
long by three miles wide and the task at
hand of cleaning this pollution is going
to be insanely difficult and costly and
this is people are saying that this is
pollution coming from a river in
Guatemala and it shows you what the
consequences are of you know just
utilizing so many plastic containers
plastic products without thinking about
where they'll end up yeah you know it's
a tough one because we as humans create
so much trash and it is yes it's hard to
to put it away in a way that doesn't
destroy the planet and so there's
certainly better ways than this and but
seeing the enormity of our waste and
literally having it wash up on shore
it's just a stark visual for what we're
doing the planet on a macro scale but I
don't think that that's really happening
I mean like let's have a debate about
whether this is real because I think
this sort of conspiracy theory and
hoaxes by the Chinese and look if it is
happening like if there is evidence to
prove that there's plastic waste you
know on the shoreline like was it really
caused by humans or was it just a
natural thing that happens it's just so
you know during the dinosaur age they
had lots of plastic too and and it would
just keep
plastic goes in plastic goes out you
can't explain it nobody can explain it
we have to be more mindful because again
this is not you know we're obviously
drawing an analogy to climate change
this obviously is not about climate
change there's just about trash but
we've got to be mindful of the planet
otherwise it will rebel as it is doing
now it's not a thoughtful process it's
just simply a matter of math and science
and the issue of climate change if you
make it too warm and lifts up the
moisture creates more intense hurricanes
and more intense droughts more intense
fires exactly what we've seen and if you
build up a mountain of trash all over
the world sometimes it washes up on your
shores and of course to you know to
further Anna's analogy the Republicans
won't believe it unless they see it with
their own eyes since it didn't happen to
them and it didn't wash up on their
shore like I don't see the problem trash
there's a problem with trash right and
and by the way I know that this is not a
climate change story but you know the
reason why I made that analogy is
because it shows you how much careless
human behavior can negatively impact our
planet whether it's through co2
emissions or utilizing plastic products
and and disposing of them in a reckless
manner by the way I want to give credit
to the photographer who took those
amazing images her name is Caroline
power and she urges people to really
rethink their behavior also just to give
you some incredible statistics it's
estimated that there are fifty one
trillion micro plastic particles in our
ocean Wow
Jesus help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm /join
