Trump wasted no time following
yesterday's terror attack in New York
City initially talking about how this
was proof that we need to stop people
from the Middle East coming into our
country then an aide explained that was
Pakistan is not in fact actually in the
Middle East and so he backed off a
little bit and talked more generally
about how extreme vetting needs to be
stepped up saying that being politically
correct is fine
but not for this assuming that sarcasm
there at the end because he doesn't
think it's fine and so then the morning
came and he got his daily intelligence
briefing from Fox & Friends and they
told him about this program the
diversity visa lottery program and they
talked about it in depth especially the
diversity part for reasons you might be
able to guess here is a little mashup as
as you've stated clearly the diversity
program on the visas has got to be shut
down talked a little bit about the
diversity visa program diversity Visa
Lottery the fact that we would have a
diversity program open to allow people
to come in it's just it's insane Chuck
Schumer attached to the immigration bill
back in 1990 it has been suggested that
Chuck Schumer now a u.s. senator was one
of the sponsors Lebanon is where you're
from right yes they are part of the visa
lottery program the diversity visa
program the reason this was even
established is to offer to countries
with low rates of immigration into the
United States lottery system I've always
been against it because it's a random
system to bring people into the United
States it's not merit based his
diversity visa proposal also known as
the green card lottery is a time to
really get both Democrats and
Republicans to end this program today
how much more diversity do you want and
we've got to make sure that that we are
doing the vetting and that's what's
what's failed we failed to vet people
calling for higher vetting and
high-threat areas and eventually the
travel ban came out of that the
president last night dan suggested we
needed more super vetting essentially is
he right to abolish this program
put a mayor based system into the United
States what do we need a diversity
program on visas diversity visa program
vetting is answer the president also has
tweeted out about how we need a better
vetting extreme vetting he's right about
that isn't he there will be a component
of vetting should it be lot recently
even normal visa when you go overseas
and you hear about vetting don't for a
second think you're walking into the
Syrian Department of Motor Vehicles and
getting a list of parking tickets this
person's got for 15 years I don't know
why we even have this anymore
considering the fact that one of the
9/11 pilots applied for this twice but
what is missing is basically this one
program of vetting vetting what what are
you going to ask for a library card and
Uzbekistan well I think there are a lot
of people who now are learning about the
diversity visa program they don't like
it how about a United States first
immigration program of the previous
administration did not did not choose to
have vetting get rid of the visa that
this lottery program so what a United
States first immigration program
prioritized people coming here from the
United States
okay so let's break down all the
absurdities first I want to go back to
what John said which is really funny is
that goose Becca said that's the problem
with the Middle East
it's a Central Asia idiot oh yeah I mean
that's the problem with the Central
Asian Republics that are part of
Russia's sphere of influence wait no I
meant respects that is great except for
the Muslims they're almost all most of
them well okay they're bad but somehow
they're associated with Putin so you I
might have to retract these comments
later okay so then we go to the green
card lottery now it's not really true
that Schumer was necessarily in favor of
the green card lottery we'll get into
that okay it but I am I think the green
card lottery is fantastic how much more
diversity do you want by the way an
angry man screaming how much more
diversity you want is peak FoxNews
that's right and and actually and of
course getting minorities to do it is
also Fox News 101 we have brought a
Lebanese guy he looks like and he speaks
like he's from the Middle East in
reality of course he's paid by think
tanks and other or
to sell out everyone who looks and
speaks like him and so we brought the
shill here to speak out against everyone
else from his neck of the woods now if
we'd of course kill the diversity
program before his ass got in here he'd
be in the middle of Beirut somewhere but
since he's already made it he'd like to
burn the bridge down right after him
because that's the kind of people that
Fox News loves right and then we'll get
a african-american guy on you yeah I
already got paid by Fox News I'm
counting the cash I don't need any more
diversity
I already got paid okay that's very nice
for you you must be so goddamn proud now
let's go to the substance here of I
thought we weren't politicizing
tragedies yeah this comes as a giant
shock to me because I remember this
eight people were killed here that is
and I we talked about it yesterday I got
friends in New York scared me half to
death because okay the kids were
attacked and they've got kids etc so now
in Vegas though we had 59 people killed
we had over 500 people that were injured
600 people shot overall but don't pull
it aside
I don't politicize don't know what
you're talking about I mean Sarah Hagen
presenters addressed this today let's
watch in any hours in fact two days
after the horrific shooting in Las Vegas
the president repeatedly said now is not
the time to talk about policy now is not
the time to talk about politics that's
for another time right now we need to
mourn the death yet this morning the
president launched into a political
argument with Senator Chuck Schumer on
Twitter literally hours after this
insidious turday why was he so quick to
goad the political route and point
fingers at Chuck Schumer for the fact
that this person was in the country
well look this wasn't about when that
political route this is something that
frankly the president's been talking
about for a long time this isn't a new
policy this isn't a new position this
isn't a new conversation the president
has been talking about extreme betting
and the need for that for the purpose of
protecting the citizens of this country
since he was a candidate long before he
was ever president this isn't a new
argument this isn't a new position and
this wasn't new for the President to
speak about it okay good so you can have
immunity to politically to not
politicize things so long as you talked
about the issue before the attack so
thankfully we've been talking about gun
control here for any number of years so
we're free we have the immunity idol yes
what gun control was new after Vegas
apparently nobody was talking about it
before and right after Vegas some
scoundrels tried to talk about it and
then of course the Republicans I had
thoughts and prayers that are really
really important and the only thing you
should do after a tragedy all of a
sudden no thoughts and prayers hear
nothing but complete political action :
so there she doesn't actually define
really why it's different between the
Vegas response and this but she is going
to in this next video wait until you see
what her rationale is
you're making the case that these are
not new policy is talking about and yet
the question still remains he is delving
into a policy and political discussion
and he and you were very clear after the
Las Vegas shooting that it wasn't
appropriate to talk about policy so
what's the difference now I I said it
wasn't appropriate to politicize the
conversation which I don't believe we
are we're talking about protecting
American lives doesn't votes Chuck
Schumer's Lee so how can you argue that
it's not a political Senator Schumer has
supported these opposing policies and I
think that that is a very basic fact
okay so there's a second rule so you had
to have been talking about it before the
attack and you can only target people
who are opposing the things that you
think would solve the problem I think we
can find some Republican politicians who
that would qualify for for gun control
but I am glad to know that in this case
we're talking about saving American
lives those of you out there who thought
that maybe after Vegas we could at the
very least eliminate bump stocks and
things like it who's a sole purpose is
to allow you to effectively break the
law
by creating an automatic weapon that
wasn't supposed to save American lives
nothing like that thirty thousand people
die every year from guns in America so
you won't talk about saving American
lives and this is what really enrages me
about the attention span in this country
now here you've got the press doing a
pretty good job of holding them
accountable on their hypocrisy and yes
the Vegas shootings only got plenty of
coverage but when there's terrorist
attacks from right-wingers it's always a
one-off
it's a mentally deranged force and etc
and and okay but when you have it
attacked by a Muslim person we it's
wall-to-wall we have to change all the
policies we have to attack all the
politicians on the other side we have to
change everything change it today they
said on Fox so what I would like is
consistency so what would be the
consistent thing to do first of all if
you want to save and protect American
lives the first thing you should talk
about is guns because that cost 30,000
lives a year that is 10 911s every
single year so if you want to prioritize
that should be your number one priority
how do we minimize the amount of lives
lost from guns because it is an epidemic
of absolutely of gun violence in this
country
okay so then secondly when you go to
terrorism shoot you discuss it of course
you should should you try to find a way
to combat what happened in New York of
course you should we all live here
nobody wants to die so we should fight
terrorism now when you go to fight
terrorism I think there's a good
argument to be made on whether you
should focus most of your efforts on
right-wingers or Muslim radicals now
there are more right wing terrorist
attacks in this country than Muslim
terrorist attacks by a good number and
you could ask the FBI Homeland Security
those are actual facts and and there's
no question about them on the other hand
Muslims are Muslim radicals
unfortunately are acting at a higher per
capita ratio so it's an interesting
debate as to where we should spend our
resources and I would argue both right
and and and maybe an equal proportion
even though there's more right-wing
attacks the I can understand wanting to
concentrate resource on a smaller number
of individuals that doesn't mean you
should invade their mosques and houses
schools but legitimate investigations
with warrants that would be great so
that we can stop radicals of all stripes
from killing our fellow citizens so on
the on the issue of politicizing I might
have a controversial opinion which is no
I think that all of these tragedies are
political and we should have political
discussions about them immediately it
would be the Republicans are
hypocritical they say if it's guns don't
ever talk about it wait several weeks or
months or years or Never
right but if it's terrorism we should
well if it's right-wing terrorism so a
lone wolf never discuss it if it's
Muslim is its right-wing say something
about mental health then do nothing
about mental health that's exactly that
move on that's right now whereas we are
consistent if it's guns you should do
something about guns if it's terrorism
you should do something about terrorism
and you shouldn't wait a week or two
weeks or a month to talk about it you
should talk about it now
eight people just died in New York I I
keep saying I got friends and family in
New York I don't want anyone
and and it doesn't matter if I don't
have any friends or family the right way
terrorists who killed people in
attacking a Jewish Community Center in
the middle of Kansas I don't know
anybody in Kansas but I don't want that
happening you should talk about it right
afterwards well and certainly if you're
gonna say that your president is the guy
who tells it like it is but then would
when he actually tells it like it at
least he's politicizing it that's what
he's doing you then say that he's not
doing that when in fact he's as
politicizing it as you can like you can
politicize something as in a shooting
just happened I'd say in general we need
gun control that's like level-1 level-2
would be saying here's a specific law
that we should pass level three is
attacking a particular politician for a
vote he made decades ago there's no more
political than that but he won't
actually own up to it and as you said
there are there are these different
types of terrorists now what's
interesting about this is their response
isn't just political that's not the
problem with it it's that it's
nonsensical stopping that program
wouldn't have stopped to this guy
because there's no evidence that this
guy radicalized before coming here the
extreme vetting that you want isn't
going to catch many of these people
because they're not radicals when they
come over here they're radicalized in
the United States and that's not just
true for people who are Muslim that's
true for the right-wingers as well
obviously they grow up here they're
radicalized here and then they go in and
shoot up a theater or a casino or
whatever here so what you have to do is
track down you have to stop the
radicalization if you can and if not you
need to investigate it here and so what
would you need to do that you would need
to fund programs that do that here but
not only are there non-increasing funny
of those programs as we've reported
throughout the year they've in fact pull
the funds from that for the exact sort
of programs that would stop the Vegas
shooting and things of that nature
that's what you need not to just have
some stupid emotional knee-jerk
anti-immigrant response to every time a
single person is killed in this country
and that Lebanese guy on on Fox News
claimed that the last administration did
nobody at all what a preposterous lie we
have the toughest vetting process in the
entire world it takes 18 months for a
refugee to get through our vetting
process literally the longest in the
world and that was true nor Obama Bush
etc so for them to clean claim that
we're not doing bad
is preposterous and ask yourself if you
want to put a guy in charge of extreme
vetting who allowed a guy to be his
campaign chairman who was behold him to
Russian and Ukrainian oligarchs and has
broken any number of federal laws and
all of this just flew over our very wise
President's head yeah all of a sudden
when it comes to you know vetting at all
no oh how could I know that I wrote to
all these different guys working for me
working at tied to Putin and the
Russians there's no way of knowing I
love extreme betting oops help us build
an independent media together come join
us
TYT Network comm slash join
