it can be tough to keep up with all the
revelations coming out of this week's
arrest of multiple Trump campaign
staffers so we're gonna jump right to
the biggest one and it has to do with
George papadopolis
oh this is coming from the statement of
the offense that was submitted revealed
earlier this week on or about March 31st
of 2016
Papadopoulos attended a quote national
security meeting in DC with Trump and
other foreign policy advisors for the
campaign when he introduced himself to
the group he stated in sum and substance
that he had connections that could
arrange that could help arrange a
meeting between then candidate Trump and
President Putin now there's gonna be a
shorthand for us because we also know
from other sections of it that he had
barage various members of the campaign
with emails talking about wanting to set
up a meeting then after he had been told
by his connections in Russia that they
would do a meeting asking for them to
send people or possibly him but this is
the important one for today because this
is at a meeting where Trump was present
as well as Jeff Sessions and others now
Clovis which is a name you're gonna hear
in the near future because he's up for
the Agriculture Department I believe
we'll see about that and others at the
meeting immediately expressed doubts
about the wisdom of the idea which is
good there were people saying it was not
a good idea
noting that Russia was under US
sanctions and denouncing the optics of a
meeting with Putin but and this is
coming from the New York Times but Trump
listened with interest and asked
questions of Papadopoulos Trump didn't
say yes and he didn't say no and one
person at the meeting described him as
flattered by the idea and so that's
interesting that it was brought up that
he has connections in Russia that could
set up a meeting with Russian officials
and he was he didn't say yes and he
didn't say no so it's odd that when a
reporter this year asked him about
possible contact between his campaign
and Russian officials he had this to say
yes or no answer on one of these
questions involving Russia can you say
whether you are aware that anyone who
advised your campaign had contacts with
Russia during the course of the election
well I told you general Flynn obviously
was dealing so that's one person but he
was dealing as he should have been
during the election no nobody that I
know of no but you're not aware of any
contacts during the course of the
election how many times have to answer
this question can you just use a ruse
yeah I know you have to get up and ask a
question so important Russia is a ruse
so what you've got there is a lie I mean
he was flattered by the idea it was
brought up during a national security
meeting that the press was covering and
he was there and now he had no idea leer
this year than any of that contact was
going on now you might say it's not
necessarily a lie it could just be that
he forgot he has a lot of meetings but
what you don't know about Donald Trump
is that he has in his words one of the
great memories of all time and he just
said that like a week ago I even
remember that I don't have one of the
great members of all time but I remember
that now you might say that's scary
Donald Trump is interested in possibly
taking this meeting even those advisors
are saying he shouldn't but don't worry
there was a voice of reason in the room
and that is jeff Sessions then the
campaign's top national security
official apparently spoke vehemently
against the idea asking others not to
discuss it again Trump did not challenge
him and so that is good news for Jeff
Sessions because it makes him look like
a very reasonable person unfortunately
it's also bad news for Jeff Sessions
because he had a conversation earlier
this year with senator Al Franken that
went like this and if there is any
evidence that anyone affiliated with the
Trump campaign communicated with the
Russian government in the course of this
campaign what will you do senator
Franken
I'm not aware of any of those activities
I have been called a surrogate at a time
or two in that campaign and I didn't
have to not have communications with the
Russians and I'm unable to comment I
remember a president being impeached by
the other party for lying under oath we
and I was told that that is a very very
serious crime yeah and there we have
Jeff Sessions
clearly lying under oath saying that he
had no dealings or a knowledge of
dealings with with the Russians during
the campaign when to his
credit he absolutely positively did know
about dealings with the Russians and
thought it was a bad idea and he wasn't
about it yes so there's no you cannot
credibly claim that you forgot something
that happened a couple of months ago
where you had the good sense to say we
should not have Trump meet with Putin in
the middle of a presidential campaign
that's insane
you insisted on it and you won the
argument but to say that you did not
have knowledge of any attempts to
connect with the Russians is a clear
clear clear lie watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
