Trump attacked not only the the
diversity visa lottery program but a
Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer
specifically Chuck Schumer responded
both on social media and on the Senate
floor first his tweet I guess it's not
too soon to politicize a tragedy that's
a good point there but then he went on
to say this I have always believed that
immigration is good for America I
believe it today
president Trump instead of politicizing
and dividing America which he always
seems to do at times of national tragedy
should be bringing us together and
focusing on the real solution
anti-terrorism funding which he proposed
to cut in his most recent budget so I am
calling on the President Trump to
rescind his proposed cuts to this vital
anti-terrorism funding immediately is a
great example of the sort of thing that
for whatever reason will not reach 32
percent of this country that he
literally cut the funding for these
sorts of anti-terrorism investigations
and if you were to ask his could his
core his base they would say he's the
only one who's going to defend us as he
literally takes the money away so that
he can give it to billionaires because
he's tomorrow you should go on and see
it in a missing me see
ask Fox to get him on and say it again
then on Friday do it again
then on Sunday show us do it again that
whole piece of paper that shows it and
says hey there's what's going on you
guys this is part of their bill to
defund terrorists terrorism
anti-terrorism programs and say it again
and say it again for the next two months
so they go my wish Chuck Schumer would
stop talking about this anti-terrorism
thing that Donald Trump keeps cutting
out of his budget what's in his budget
again oh the anti-terrorism program that
you keep cutting make sure they're tired
of hearing it
you know those uh I've been listening to
a lot of talk radio lately because of
the baseball the World Series and
there's ads that run they go hey contact
us that's again that's John Plummer comm
1 888 John over comm 188 John
I'm calm and my kids in the backseat
going why is he saying this a hundred
times that's that so that you'll never
forget it
yeah same thing just do it over and over
again although ironically that might not
have worked with you because I'm pretty
sure 1-800 John Plummer calm okay you
could say he is cutting anti-terrorism
funds to that kars4kids - I don't think
the country will ever get past it okay
but but did you eres point a so you
might be thinking specially if you're a
Magog I you got the Red Hat wait a
minute I thought we really didn't want
to fight the terrorists and the bad guys
and I saw I mean at a minimum don't we
all hate Muslims together right I mean
that's like the core of Magha isn't it
so why why are they doing that and why
did they add seventy billion dollars to
the defense budget which was already
gargantuan it was already larger than
eight other militaries combined doesn't
that covered no because the defense
budget goes towards defense contractors
so they make really expensive planes
that we often don't use really expensive
submarines that have the time we don't
use and that is crony capitalism now
fighting an T in fighting terrorism it's
expensive but maybe doesn't go to the
right places right and why do they have
to keep cutting the budget because
they've got to finance the tax cuts so
tax cuts for the rich are way higher
priority for Trump in his administration
than actually fighting terrorism that's
why he cut those funds and he figures
hey it doesn't matter what I cut and
what I actually do and it doesn't matter
how many trillions of dollars I given to
my friends and at the cost of your
safety because I'm just gonna say on
Twitter how I'm oh we've got to do
extreme betting okay the Muslims are the
problem I don't actually have to do
anything about it I just have to say it
and my knucklehead guys I think that the
the red hats prevent the neurons from
firing inside the heads I think that
that is I think one of the secrets are
energy yeah so I'll have you scream
better on Twitter they look good enough
good enough yeah I like it okay he just
likes the same guys I just like if you
like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
