The Daily Beast has uncovered another
website that was incredibly active on
social media during and after the
election that was actually run by
Russian trolls now the website was known
as black matters us and you might have
seen posts by this organization on
Facebook because it was all over the
place a lot of their posts went viral
now recent information about this group
of trolls indicates that they were
trying to spread fake information or
propaganda indicating that black
activists in the United States were
launching a war on Christmas and that
they were selling merchandise that
supported this so-called war on
Christmas so let me give you a the
details according to Ben Collins at The
Daily Beast black matters us which
independent Russian media outlet RBC
identified as one of the most
influential websites and troll accounts
operated out of the Kremlin backed
Internet research agency push t-shirts
imploring its users to say no - ho ho ho
alongside a picture of a candy cane they
printed a lot of shirts by the way they
sold some of this merchandise they
printed shirts that made no sense I'll
give you another example one said dear
cops don't shoot suck wish it realized
the shirts I used to see in Turkey when
I was growing up like in the 1970s and
they're trying to copy like the Los
Angeles Lakers but they didn't know what
they're doing and so would be like the
Los Angeles suckers yeah the Los Angeles
lucker oh yeah with the adidas is that
on purpose to try to trick people yeah
but the rest is just clown clown Arama
yes and they're doing a troll form here
but they didn't bother doing any
research so they're like and they don't
apparently or hiring anyone that
actually speaks fluent English so but
they also said the braces things too but
we'll get to that yeah so I'll give you
another example a sweatshirt sold by
black matters us it's holiday store said
boycott Christmas black don't need white
Xmas and by the way these are apparently
still available for nearly $40 but now
people are gonna buy it like for stick
you know like Jay always wears the
t-shirts
of guys who were on teams for like 13
seconds like you barely get them now
this is gonna be like a collector's item
black don't need white Xmas
oh is that what black says yeah there
was one that said thug life and the
imagery included handguns and Christmas
trees yeah and and so let's get to the
Russian government and whoever's paying
for this and their racism so they have a
black Christmas only and there's a gun
in a stocking why would black Americans
want to buy that like so like oh yeah
black Christmas is where we shoot people
okay and then there's a thug life
reference and then they suggested that
African Americans boycott the holiday
because quote you can't afford it I'm
not sure that any of this actually
appeals African Americans which by the
way actually I am sure because it didn't
none of this stuff sold and it didn't
work but the but they attempt to divide
us based on race is really really
disturbing so what's interesting about
this particular campaign that they
launched was both how unsophisticated
and in some ways sophisticated it was
because these Russian trolls were
obviously aware that every holiday
season there is this nonsense talking
point from the right in regard to a war
on Christmas there's a war on Christmas
in the United States there's no war on
Christmas if someone says Happy Holidays
it's not the end of the world right but
they apparently knew that and so they
utilized that talking point as a way of
driving a further wedge between races in
the country and so you're right chanc
this particular campaign didn't seem to
work as much as other campaigns that
were launched by these Russian trolls
but I do want to go to a pretty great
ABC video ABC news video on this topic
because they focus specifically on black
matters us and some of the other
strategies that they utilize take a look
as a stunning claim tonight about just
who's behind the group promoted in this
music video
black matters u.s. congressional
investigators say black matters u.s. was
actually set up by the Russians during
the 2016 election to stir up racial
tensions it's not fair I don't think
it's fair black matters the st. Louis
rapper who wrote the music for the video
says he got Instagram messages from
people he did not know asking him to
write a song dealing with police
brutality I had no clue that it was it
was Russian anything like that no sir it
messed me up all part of a sophisticated
campaign that includes Facebook ads
Twitter posts and efforts to organize at
least two big rallies one against police
brutality US investigators believe he
was directed from this so-called troll
Factory in st. Petersburg Russia it's a
way to suppress votes and stoke fear the
level of sophistication that I don't
think we appreciate it at the time so
they would also utilize you know black
Americans for some of these campaigns
and make it seem as though what they
were doing was good or legitimate so
anybody still think that the Russia's
government is perfectly innocent and
there's no proof there's no proof how
much proof do you need
if you hear anybody saying that they are
being purposely blind and the not the
Russian people but the Russian
government wants to tear us apart they
want to tear us apart politically they
want to tear us apart racially I'm not
I'm not a right winger I have know in
the old days when the right-wingers have
this weird distaste of Russia right
they're back from the old Soviet
Communism not a copy I'm not in that
camp I'm not in the left-wing camp that
has this weird love affair with Russia I
don't know why you have a love affair
with Russia it's led by a dictator that
is destroyed and pulverized democracy in
Russia that murders journalists I don't
know why anyone who is a progressive in
their right mind would want to defend
the Russian government are you a lunatic
okay now I didn't mean I want to go to
war with Russia okay no that is
a natural conclusion - I can't stand the
Russian government but for Putin who
authorized all these campaigns anyone
who defends him in America is nuts I
don't know I don't get it from a
progressive point of view I don't get it
from a right-wing point of view I think
the right-wingers are now so smitten
with their Dear Leader Trump says Trump
is loves Putin for because Putin
probably bailed them out of more
bankruptcies and now you want that
corruption is what you support ok yours
you're an idiot
ok so look at what they did look at what
they did they're trying to tear us apart
and get white people to hate black
people and black people to hate white
people in this country so fuck Putin and
all of his attempts here now that
doesn't mean that their consequences of
that are cou whether it's war or
anything else look Muller's doing his
investigation that's a separate issue
let him do the investigations see what
he finds if he finds connections
let him prosecute that if he doesn't
then we don't get the prosecuted I
understand that the u.s. also does
propaganda I understand that the u.s.
historically has done some terrible
things in foreign countries I'm not in
favor of that right talk about those
things and we criticize those things as
well including you know when the JFK
documents were released portion of them
you know what type of propaganda not
just propaganda what the CIA was
planning on doing to Cuban refugees in
South Florida just to drum up support
for invading Cuba like we criticize
those things all the time as well but
that doesn't what Putin is doing right
now you can think those things at the
same time well the US government did was
bad and what the Russian government
doing is doing today to rip us apart is
terrible so fuck Putin I just want to be
absolutely clear about that help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
