so several reports out today that Donald
Trump uh as usual
furious over the news when is he ever
not furious so this time it's
particularly deep-seated and that is
because several of his former colleagues
have been arrested man afford and and
gates who worked on his campaign gates
also continue to work at the White House
mana fort was this campaign chairman
Papadopoulos talking about how his
campaign and worked with the Russians
and tried to coordinate with them even
tried to get a meeting with Putin and
Trump arranged at the campaign so Trump
seeing this is of course beside himself
so we have details of that that's
reported Washington Post talked to 20
different insiders so great report here
on what actually happened on inside the
White House yesterday so they explained
separated from most of his West Wing
staff who fretted over why he was late
getting to the Oval Office
Trump clicked on the television and
spent the morning playing fuming media
critic legal analyst and crisis
communications strategist according to
several people close to him of course of
course he did that's all he ever does he
was late to work and his work as
president of the United States he was
late because he was watching TV every
story about him is about how emotionally
immature he is I keep calling him a
child but I it's getting to be insulting
to children all right more details the
president digested the news of the first
indictments in the special counselor
robert muller is probe with exasperation
and disgust these people said he called
his lawyers repeatedly he listened
intently to cable news commentary and
with rising irritation he watched live
footage of his one-time campaign advisor
and confidant Paul Manafort turning
himself in to the FBI and and King
Joffrey's anger grew and grew
Ty Cobb his lawyer put out which is an
awesome name by the way put out a
statement saying about everything's fine
everything's godori
the statement read read as such this has
not been a cause of great agita or angst
or activity at the White House
Trump is spending all this time on
presidential work look even if we didn't
have the insider stories from Washington
posed to CNN no one believed that it's
just spare yourself you're embarrassing
yourself the idea that you'd come and go
Trump's not bothered by any of this and
why would Trump be bothered no he's
having a big beautiful day it's a
tremendous day do a lot of presidential
work reading the one-pagers that are
sent to with lots of pretty pictures now
what was the reality but Trump's anger
Monday was visible to those who
interacted with him in the mood in the
quarters of the White House was one of
weariness and fear of the unknown well
unknown is both in terms of what
indictments might come next and who
might flip next as Papadopoulos did but
also the unknown of when the child king
is going to explode next and the whole
time they're his lawyers of time three
different lawyers telling him whatever
you do don't tweet don't tweet okay they
don't say anything in public it gets you
in trouble and they try to contain him
the whole time and then is Laura gonna
say what there's odd you two here
everything is fine a comma or are you
kidding so that was Washington Post
reporting let's go to CNN now I'm sorry
one more is a senior Republican that
Washington Post talked to they say the
walls are closing in everyone is
freaking out okay now we go to CNN they
describe Trump's cantankerous mood he's
flied he's fine another one from CNN
though they acknowledge that attempts to
rein in Trump's behavior often result in
the president's entrenching himself and
the very actions his advisers
recommended against so as his lawyers
and advisers tell please whatever you do
don't strike out at Moeller
don't threaten to fire made it look like
obstruction apart justice don't try
don't say that you might pardon someone
that's definitely obstruction of justice
please oh oh yeah oh yeah this absolute
buffoon is the commander-in-chief and by
the way why do you think the manchild is
so angry you think he's angry because he
didn't do it no the walls are closing in
he knows what his advisors don't then he
actually did do it so I'm gonna get to
that now one more from Washington Post
on on his anger Trump is also
increasingly agitated by the expansion
of Muller's probe into financial issues
beyond the 2016 campaign and about the
potential damage to him and his family
that's what he's most upset about what
he knows is that he did do it and by
doing it I don't mean just trying to get
the Russians to send him hacked emails
to him that's an appetizer Muller keep
digging
what he doesn't want you to hit is the
mother lode of his money laundering for
the Russians that has been going on for
a long long time now yes I grant you
that part is my speculation and I've
been saying it from day one but I say
based on publicly available evidence so
now that's not good enough to indict
Trump that's not good enough to impeach
Trump
that's why you need a real prosecutor
like Muller to keep digging and see if
he could find what those connections are
look I could restate for you all the
different things that are already public
how alpha bank bank the largest bank in
Russia's paying Trump's servers in the
middle of Pennsylvania how the Russians
bought about a third of Trump Tower when
Trump was about to go bankrupt and then
the price of the houses in the real
estate Trump would buy and then flip
over at outrageous prices the Russians
why they're laundering the money it's
super obvious but his own naive lawyers
are like what maybe we should work with
Muller and he's thinking are you nuts if
I work with Muller he's gonna find out
what I actually did that which brings us
to these last two issues there's a top
advisor to and a friend of of Trump
named Thomas Jay Barack jr. and he has
been shielding Rick Gates one of the
guys who just got arrested for a long
long time and some of the people inside
the White House are angry at him they're
like why why we
did you continue to employ gates and
keep him at the White House past man
affords time you know he he could be
potentially toxic cuz he was working it
was man afforda we already knew Manta
Ford was in a lot of trouble because
probably he knows something you
knuckleheads don't know which is that
he's got to make sure that Gates is
happy otherwise Gates turns evidence
against Trump so this guy Thomas Brown
jr. has been Gates's patron of late as
the post explains searing political war
to him and until Monday employ him as
director or the Washington office of his
real estate investment company Rick
Gates works in politics he doesn't know
anything about real estate one of trumps
top friends was paying Rick Gates until
his arrest on a and a company that he
had nothing to do with and no expertise
gee I wonder why they were doing that
Robert Muller keep digging one last one
for you guys Cobb that a formation White
House lawyer has been a leading voice
inside the West Wing to urge cooperation
with Muller's investigation White House
chief of staff John Kelly has reinforced
that argument inside the administration
both have told Trump that providing
Muller with information including
potentially an interview with the
President himself would allow the
investigation to reach a conclusion
quicker please please do that I mean is
Trump egomaniacal enough to think that
he could trick Muller oh I hope so
please go and do an interview with
Muller if Trump is on the record and if
it's sworn testimony do you have any
idea how many times he'll lie the
over-under is 20 and that's in a
five-minute conversation look Trump lies
pathologically regularly in any
circumstance let alone when he's under
investigation and he's trying to evade
justice oh please let him talk to Muller
and besides which look the lying is bad
the trying to get the stolen emails from
the Russians is bad and those are
actionable but what I really want
No is what the core deal with Trump and
the Russians were that's why I hope he
talks to Muller and and because it will
help probably figure that part of the
story out which i think is the most
important part but what these folks like
Cobb and Kelly don't know because they
are innocent they're not involved
apparently is that Trump actually is
guilty so they go there like well I mean
you mr. president you say you have
nothing to hide so I'm an idiot and I
believe you so why don't you talk to
mother if you have nothing to hide well
have you had nothing to hide that
wouldn't actually be very good advice
the reason it's not good advice and the
reason why he's so angry is because he
has a lot to hide but I hope he listens
to you guys and takes you up your on
your offer to talk to him on hay and
Donny if you're listening if for some
reason they replay this on Fox & Friends
come on you're a very smart person
you're like a smart person you've said
it over and over again I bet you could
outsmart Muller aren't you smarter than
him you should take an IQ test with him
better yet testify in front of him and
show him how smart you are
can't wait if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
