new reports out about carbon dioxide and
unfortunately methane as well and none
of them are good and this affects all of
us and and affects the whole health of
the planet so let me start with the bad
news go to the Guardian here the
concentration of carbon dioxide in the
atmosphere increase at record speed last
year to hit a level not seen for more
than three million years the united
nations warned globally average
concentrations of carbon dioxide reached
four hundred and three point three parts
per million in 2016 up from 400 parts
per million in 2015 because of a
combination of human activities and a
strong el nino event so it's not just
climate change but El Nino but now the
El Nino affects us more because of
climate change we have created
unfortunately a vicious circle and they
explained as the planet warms El Ninos
are expected to become more frequent so
it's a devastating one-two punch let's
talk more about the details and how
devastating this is the ring increase of
three point three parts per million is
considerably higher than both the two
point three parts per million rise of
the previous 12 months and the average
annual increase over the past decade of
2.08
ppm it also is well above the previous
big El Nino year of 1998 when the rise
was 2.7 parts per million so everything
is getting worse
even when huge El Nino events are taking
in a count it's still worse and when you
combine the El Nino and and climate
change carbon dioxide is that
astronomical levels the study which uses
monitoring of ships aircraft and
stations on the land to track emissions
trends since 1750 said carbon dioxide in
the atmosphere is now increasing 100
times faster than at the end of the last
ice age due to population growth
intensive agriculture deforestation and
industrialization so there are more
bogeys out there it's not just climate
change it's also the fact that we're
doing things like deforestation so then
there are less plants less trees to help
us with the process which they normally
would but now that's not working anymore
and there's less trees so it's a triple
punch a quadruple punch that is why it
is literally record shattering they
explained that the last time earth
experience similar carbon dioxide
concentration rates was during the
Pliocene era three to five million years
ago when the sea level was up to 20
meters higher than now that is
approximately 20 yards higher than it is
today so almost all of our coastal
cities would be gone now it doesn't
happen overnight but as we've seen this
year and in that legendary Mark Twain
quote change happens really gradually
and then all of a sudden so this year we
began to see all of a sudden as we hit
got hit by hurricane after hurricane
droughts after droughts fire after fire
and now carbon levels higher than they
have been in 3 million years which led
to gigantic water levels earlier and it
is now increasing as they explain a
hundred times faster than it was at the
end of the last ice age because it is
not natural it is man-made and we are
intensifying all the problems just when
you thought that was bad enough then I
got a report about methane separate
report the WM o--'s report also points
to a mysterious rise in the level of
methane in the atmosphere which were
also higher than the 10-year average
let's pause here this is from an gadget
earlier story was from the Guardian so
the we know that methane is going to get
released when the ice sheets melt
because there's a lot of methane trapped
there and methane is actually worse than
carbon so for greenhouse purposes so
once the methane gets released there's
no way of bringing it back into the ice
but things are worse than the scientists
imagined and and I've told you this so
many times
scientists are by their nature
conservative not politically
conservative but scientifically
conservative they don't want to make
wild assumptions they
they tell you only what they know and
their estimates are on the conservative
side the cautious side so we are going
above their estimates as you would
normally predict if you are looking at
cautious scientific estimates and now
the methane they're not even sure where
that's coming from
it isn't necessarily even from the ice
sheets so they say here's one of the
scientists saying we do not understand
it's a professor that's an expert on
this issue we do not understand why
methane is rising it is very worrying
and then another expert says future
generations will inherit a much more
inhospitable planet and that is the wmo
Secretary General so with a combination
of
carbon levels like we've never seen
before and a mysterious methane increase
let alone the methane increase that is
unfortunately headed in our direction
with more global warming that is a
certainty we are literally in a world of
trouble we have to turn around and we
have to turn around right away so the
greed of today with the fossil fuel
industry that controls American
politicians and commands them to keep
destroying the planet for their
short-term profits isn't literally a
disaster in the making it's happening
right in front of us we're in the middle
of a disaster movie and unfortunately
politicians in America can't see it or
don't want to see it or more accurately
are paid not to see it we got to get
them out and we got to fix this
immediately once the methane is released
from the ice I don't know that we could
turn this clock back it's the whole
planet i if you're sensing a sense of
urgency for me you are right this is the
thing you should be worried about not
powerless immigrants crossing the border
with no money and no power and almost no
threat to you
this is the threat we all have to act
together and we have to do it
immediately if not I'd say God help us
all but I don't really know who is gonna
help us we don't help ourselves and fix
this
this does not end well if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
