now foxnews has been ridiculous in their
coverage of the Trump Russia
investigations Robert Muller the Special
Counsel announced on Monday that Paul
man afford the former campaign chairman
for Trump has been arrested and he was
surrendered to authorities his longtime
aide and and co-conspirator apparently
Rick gates also arrested also
surrendered authorities under house
arrest now both of them George
papadopolis and other foreign policy
adviser to the president during the
campaign also arrested he has pled
guilty is now cooperating now in the
beginning in the morning Fox didn't want
to cover that news instead they did
silly coverage of emoji cheeseburgers
yes believe it or not we showed that to
you yesterday and it was deeply
embarrassing then they got getting their
talking points from Donald Trump's
Twitter account they decided to
counter-attack against Robert Muller he
was picked in a non-partisan fashion and
and both sides of the aisle in the
Senate and in Congress oftentimes the
great majority of the time I said Robert
Muller is not partisan and and he is to
be respected but not on Fox News because
their partisan so they're going to
attack Robert Muller and they started
doing that later in the day now I'm
going to show you some of that in a
second but it turns out we were not the
only people outraged Fox News on-air
personalities and other staffers
apparently reached out to their
colleagues at CNN and told them about
how horrified they were at their own
networks coverage I have mixed feelings
about that but first let me report it
for you what happened they texted two
and and reached out to like I said the
reporter at CNN and what on-air
personality at Fox said quote I'm
watching now and screaming went on to
say I want to quit which I have a good
question for you which is why don't you
they're not in real news organization
just because they say it's Fox News
doesn't make it so I'm both happy to see
that there are some human beings who are
conscious inside Fox News but I'm also
amused to see that they are discovering
that five senses
Wow there's 'gambling in this
establishment I would have never guessed
a senior Fox's employee reported there
were many eye rolls in the newsroom over
how the news was covered apparently not
enough eye rolls to stop the coverage
another and again the same employee says
it's another blow to journalists at Fox
who come in every day wanting to cover
the news in a fair and objective way and
who exactly are those folks so you
didn't get the memo that Fox News was
conservative when they attacked Obama on
almost every single issue including how
he ate his hamburger then he ate it with
mustard you didn't get the memo when
they did non-stop Benghazi coverage
after nine different Republican
committees said that he hadn't done
anything wrong
you didn't get the memo when they
attacked Obama where for wearing a tan
suit you didn't get the moma when they
attacked Obama for once not saluting
soldiers properly how many of those
segments can they do on Donald Trump but
they don't do any of those you're just
finding out they Fox News is
conservative propaganda oh please you
want to take a paycheck keep it real so
and senior Fox News employee says Fox
feels like an extension of the Trump
White House to which I say of course of
course it does
that can't be news to you if that's news
to you that you really are terrible
journalists so just just admit it you
like that you like this prestige you
like to check you want to keep working
you're happy to take it and pretend that
everything was kosher now all of a
sudden everybody else is turned on Trump
they're like oh my god Oh turns out that
we're pro Trump Oh Oh golly gee first
time I realized it the CNN goes on to
explain Oliver Darcy writing this story
on Fox's News homepage the lead story at
one point was focused on Trump slamming
the indictment of course it was and
another Fox story had this headline
Muller's ridiculous claims but it's okay
it's a question mark they asked is a
ridiculous I don't know we're just
asking so the question mark well
documented by many folks including brave
new films and their great movie outfoxed
the Fox News has been doing this for
decades when they say outrageous things
and then put a question mark at the end
Muller's ridiculous claims okay
now I'll give you a snippet of their
coverage from yesterday and then back to
Fox employees who are horrified here we
go
this comes as Muller faces growing
questions over his credibility leading
the probe in potential conflicts of
interest
the New York Post columnist Michael
Goodwin put this out he said any honest
probe must examine the Obama White House
and Justice Department Muller served as
head of the FBI for more than four years
under President Obama and cannot be
expected to investigate his former
colleagues and bosses but without that
necessary step his work would be
incomplete at best so it's time for him
to say but his point is that he's
compromised and he cannot conduct a fair
an independent investigation Oh can't
compromise a conflict of interests real
problem you didn't think they were gonna
do that at fox of course they're gonna
do they wouldn't do it on Fox and
Friends they're gonna do it on
outnumbered they were gonna do it in
prime time with Sean Hannity and Laura
Ingraham and they did every one of them
intact Moeller at time after time
segment after segment if I showed you
all the clips would take all day
back to the theoretically naive
employees at Fox News Fox News
personality says this kind of coverage
does the viewer a huge disservice and
further divides the country of course it
does that's the whole point
Fox News employee that segment
outnumbered the one we showed you
questioning most integrity was absurd
and deserves all the scorning can get no
problem I'm here to deliver yes it is
does the service corn because it is
disingenuous look I told you this a
couple of days ago when they started
talking about uranium one I think
uranium one was a legitimate story six
years ago I think it was a legitimate
story during the campaign but Hillary
Clinton is not the president she's not
relevant the only reason they brought
back through uranium one story was so
that they could say all Muller was the
head of the FBI during that time so he
didn't investigate clear no we got to
get rid of him you got to get rid of him
and just as I told you it would happen
that's exactly what they're saying on
Fox News because they take their talking
points from the White House and from the
International Committee and they always
have this is not a new phenomenon
so as much as I welcome these folks
inside Fox News being outraged I also
welcome them to walk out the door if
they have any shred of credibility or
would like to work in journalism again
but they don't care and honestly a lot
of cable news hasn't cared they've known
this all along and they keep circulating
so Howard Kurtz was on CNN I was
predicted and and one of our viewers
sent us the the old video of me doing
that years and years ago saying that hey
you know why he doesn't criticize Fox
News because one day he'll work for the
Fox News which is exactly what happened
the rest of the media has been covering
for Fox News because a lot of them
thought and rightfully so because a lot
of them did later take a paycheck from
Fox News so yes
wakey-wakey everybody Fox News is
conservative propaganda can't believe
it's not theoretically news to these
guys
final two quotes for you guys the person
added that it was quote laughable seeing
Hannity and Laura Ingraham to Fox News
opinion hosts who are openly supportive
of Trump quote tripping over themselves
saying Muller's team has found nothing
this far as three people have been
arrested it's not exactly nothing
and finally the Fox News employee talked
to see on one of the employees that I
talked to CNN said it's an embarrassment
frankly there are shows on our network
that are backing the president at all
costs and it's that short term strategy
that undermines the good work being done
by others if they have such good work
I'd like to see it because that would be
news to me when's the last box news
investigation that was actually
nonpartisan and covered uncovered
something interesting that held the
government in check whether it was
Democrats or Republicans when's the last
time Cable News did any of that no this
is this is all a Sharad and and if you
don't realize that you're working for a
propaganda outlet and then your feigned
surprise now please please spare me I'm
glad to see that you have grown a
conscious reach the reason recently but
if that's the case you might actually
want to use it and stop working for
these
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm / join
