I have said from day one that Carter
page I think is a critical player in
this Trump Russia saga now why do I say
that
it's always based on publicly available
information so he was appointed to the
Trump campaign and almost everyone in
Washington said who well that was Carter
page he was said to be advising mr.
Trump according to New York Times at the
time on energy policy and Russia well no
one in energy policy circles had ever
heard of Carter page well it turns out
that he had deep relationships with the
Russian government and wanted to help
them with oil contracts now roost NEFT
giant oil company had a half a trillion
dollar deal with Exxon Mobil which was
blocked by the Russian sanctions that
Carter page along with all the Russians
in the government did not want those
sanctions they wanted those sanctions
lifted so they could have that half a
trillion now deal by the way the revenue
on that deal could be as high as nine
trillion dollars not million not billion
nine trillion dollars so back then we
had Politico and Yahoo reporting more
about it accordingly Yahoo report US
intelligence believes Paige had an
audience with top Russian officials
including Rosneft head Igor Sechin
during a summer trip to Moscow from what
I could find about him it's hard to
imagine you could have secured those
meetings without that mention by Trump
so he is the one guy that connects
Russia and Trump and the oil deal now
this knuckle head is gonna go on
television last night on Chris Hayes
show and admit things he should not
admit I have no idea why he's doing this
now manna fort and and gates were just
indicted they surrendered to the
authorities yesterday and that was the
campaign chairman of course for trump
manna fort was engaged his longtime
associate for 30 years Papadopoulos said
he was trying to coordinate he's a
another foreign policy adviser Bertram
another guy with no experience he was on
Trump's team and he was trying to
coordinate with the Russians to get a
meeting for a Trump and to get this
stolen emails from Russia he's turned
evidence we already know that he pled
guilty Carnot pages in the middle of
this message says to go on TV it's a
terrible idea but wonderful for the rest
of us so let's watch you guys aren't
email chains together you and
Papadopoulos look I where there's a lot
of emails all over the place when you're
in a campaign right but yes or no like
were you an email chains of Papadopoulos
probably a few yeah were you an email
cheese with him about Russia it may have
come up from time to time again you know
there's nothing nothing major yeah yeah
do you remember Papadopoulos emailing
about this stuff there were tons of
emails happening a lot a lot of
different things I think I might have
been you know you might have been what
are you doing are you nuts
you just have been and on national TV
that yes you were on email channel
Papadopoulos talking about Russian
collusion you just gave them reason to
get a warrant to get all your emails
well you know another and Russia maybe
we shouldn't be that surprised who's
Donald Trump gonna surround himself with
a bunch of morons who were his lackeys
in yes men who were willing to go and
put themselves in legal and uh and other
dangers to make sure that they do these
illicit deals with Russia I you know
maybe we shouldn't be surprised by how
monumentally stupid that was but he's
not done this by the way great job by
Chris Hayes let's keep going do you have
legal representation I have some people
that are helping me my main loss you
have an attorney I have some informal
advisers and a formal adviser on the
attorney to you when you spent five
hours before Senate no many know I'm
very very open and happy to give all the
information that I can it doesn't have
an attorney well now we kind of see
what's going on I don't know if you know
this this is a really serious
investigation is a potential for you to
spend decades in prison you knucklehead
I mean I don't know what you
gained out of the potentially corrupt
deal with the Russians I hope it was
enough money to hire an attorney if
anyone in the country needs an attorney
its Carter Paige I shouldn't be telling
him that God knows what he'd be willing
to admit maybe we should get him on The
Young Turks confess the whole damn thing
more confessions from from pager but so
so you and Papadopoulos you probably
were on email changed together right
perhaps okay those probably included
discussions of Russia it may have come
up yeah you went to Russia but you are
confident that the footnote about
sending a low-level staffer is not in
reference to you I definitely did not
represent anyone from the Trump campaign
during that trip but that's again I was
busy working on more important things
that I haven't read the right sort of
fine print but what was read to me it
doesn't sound like it has anything to do
with me
were you on an email changeable of
Papadopoulos where they were discussing
working with the Russia's perhaps Oh
but were they actually talking about the
Russia's yeah they may have if I was a
judge I'd be like yep warrant granted
immediately go seize everything he's got
go go go go it just told you yeah I
might have been part of the email chain
where we're playing in collusion with
Russia I was working on more important
things really there was something more
important sorry you're not quite sure
look if you're gonna go on national
television at least have your stories
straight
yes I did the collusion knowing him he
might actually say that or if you're
going to defend yourself on national
television you say no I didn't do it
otherwise why are you coming on this is
insanity I love the ending here from
Chris Hayes why since you have
cooperated if you and you gave five
hours of testimony Senate Intelligence
Committee yeah I'm really looking
forward to a more open hearing with
congressman Hines is the House
Intelligence can I really I genuinely
hope Carter that you are innocent of
everything that's your doing a lot of
talking Wow I'm hopeful either it's
either an admirable tour or reckless but
we'll find out sure you're innocent
otherwise you've done a lot of talking
including on my program that is high
larious you know maybe they didn't
arrest Carter Paige yet because they're
like I just let him go on TV god knows
what you'll say let him go for the
committee's he'll talk to us for five
hours without a lawyer and give us
everything we want anyway maybe they
arrest him last I don't know we'll see
but a guy that stood between Trump and
the Russians on the oil deal is clearly
a person that is worthy of him being
investigated and has now admitted that
yes he might have been part of that
email chain and the discussion of how to
colluded with the Russians it's a gift
that keeps on giving
Thank You Carter Paige help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
