you guys remember John Boehner former
Speaker of the House dude that would cry
a lot had a really weird skin color that
looked a little too orange to be natural
well he apparently spent 18 hours
speaking to Tim Alberta of Politico and
in those 18 hours he unleashed he
unleashed on individuals that you would
not expect him to unleash on and it was
fantastic
so we have some of the highlights from
the interviews for you and first let me
say that I love the way that the piece
began it started with at 67 Boehner is
liberated to say what he spent many
years trying not to say to smoke his two
packs a day without undue stress to
chuckle at the latest crisis in
Washington and whispered to himself
those three magic words not my problem
you know what it actually makes me happy
him a little bit like he's yeah he's
totally out of the game like in my ideal
vision we we pass the twentieth
amendment we get money out of politics
progressives are in charge and I'm out
there smoking cigarettes with John
Boehner somewhere laughing hopefully
you're smoking something else I'm
probably not smoking cigarettes I'm and
I am probably smoking something else
yeah and that is gonna be a great day in
America all right so what he said all
right so let's move on he he talks about
trey Gowdy now trey Gowdy has replaced
chairman of the House Oversight and
Government Reform Committee and that was
jason Chaffetz right now let's go to a
graphic 51 here's what Boehner has to
say about trey Gowdy Gowdy that's my guy
even though he doesn't know how to dress
fuck Jordan fuck Chaffetz they're both
assholes damn shots fired
okay so already you know balls to the
wall he is not holding back
okay the Jordan is referring to his
representative Jim Jordan right Bader's
beef with Chaffetz is that he's a total
phony who possess legislative talent but
focused mostly on self promotion with
Chaffetz Boehner says it's always about
Chaffetz okay so that's awesome for a
couple reasons
number one it's absolutely true number
two Chaffetz basically proved it right
by resigning instead of doing the
oversight of Donald Trump which was too
hard a job and could get him in
political trouble and where did he go he
went right running right after the
spotlight when two Fox News cast some
checks get his PR out there so he could
run for governor later on the other hand
really John are you any better I mean
what did you look look at what a phony
you are how come you didn't say this
stuff when you were enough office you
waited till you're out of office to tell
us what you're actually saying this is
why people hate politicians and this is
partly why Donald Trump has been
successful he might be a madman but at
least he's spouting off of the mouth
while he's in office right and attacking
people etc so apparently I mean how much
more would I respect John Bainer if
while he's in office he doesn't have to
use the f-bomb or anything like that but
he could say hey you know what Chaffetz
is not genuine he doesn't actually
believe the things that he claims are
his conservative principles he's doing
it for election reasons so I'm voting no
against Jeffords that would have been
amazing look I I completely agree with
you in the necessity for honesty
especially among those who have some
constructive criticism for members of
their own party we could definitely use
more of that things have become much too
tribalistic
however at the same time I hate that you
use Trump as an example because Trump
has in my opinion led to more divisive
nosov is important I mean you hear some
of the rhetoric on this show but I think
that things have devolved so much under
Trump in terms of the way people
communicate with one another that I'd
like to scale it back considerably right
because it's become juvenile I hear you
and then Rand Paul had a great line
about how Donald Trump does
truth-telling without the truth that's
also a deeply problematic but again the
Boehner sipoc recei okay Chaffetz is
going on the spotlight at Fox News but
so are you Boehner you also go on Fox
News so you know it's it's convened to
be able to do this when he's out of
power so now but
he's not done yet all right so going
back to Jim Jordan he says the following
Jordan was a terrorist as a legislator
going back to his days in the Ohio House
and Senate a terrorist a legislative
terrorist okay that's some strong words
dude terrorist I like it I like it and
and of course he's referring to these
radical right-wingers who would come out
and go I'm holding up the legislation
why because I want more tax cuts for the
rich as an example that Boehner is not
saying that but that's usually what they
want right no interestingly enough most
of the people that he's critical of in
this piece are individuals that he
considers too far to the right now John
Boehner is not liberal in any way shape
or form he's exactly he's rather
conservative so he has a problem with
people being too far to the right which
I mean I think we're seeing some of that
ideology playing out in Trump's
administration now let's move on to Sean
Hannity because I love this part okay so
he says I had a conversation with Sean
Hannity probably about the beginning of
2015 I called him and said listen you're
nuts we had this really blunt
conversation things were better for a
few months and then it got back to being
the same old same old because I wasn't
going to be a right-wing idiot now this
is speculation on my part but that was
around the time that Trump announced
that he was gonna run and so I'm
guessing that Hannity support for Trump
might have concerned Boehner Boehner
claims that he's good friends with Trump
but he seems to be critical of Trump's
administration as well so it's just a
context there so for example sometimes
what Ted Cruz would do he is he would
hold up the Senate now Boehner was in
the house so that's what he's talking
about house guys but he would say okay
I'm not letting us fund the government
because I have I want to make sure we
repeal Obamacare now that's being a
legislative terrorists and beaners words
because he knows that during the Obama
years they had absolutely no chance of
repealing Obamacare because a guy named
Obama would veto it
so those grandstanding
being a phony and they did a lot of that
at the house - with these right-wingers
like Jim Jordan and Chaffetz so that's
what he's annoyed add and then the Sean
Hannity's of the world would aid and
abet that and go why is it Boehner
shutting down the government well you
know that that's a idiotic point there's
no way you could win and you're doing it
for publicity and and Hannity and on all
those talk shows who went along with
that because all they wanted was to rile
up their own side even though they knew
they had a no chance of winning in that
case now Sean Hannity did not take
kindly to banners remarks in this
political interview so he attacked
Boehner on Twitter with the following
tweet he said John Reeves sober when you
said this that conversation never
happened
I'm sorry you are bitter and you failed
yeah well he was the Speaker of the
House and for the great majority of that
time you were kissing his ass Sean and I
remember how you talked about all the
Republicans are awesome but they were
fantastic
thank God John Boehner took away the
gavel from Nancy Pelosi John Boehner
John Boehner and then it became
inconvenient to be a Boehner zas and he
moved into another set of buttocks and
from there you shouted against Boehner
so I'm amused that you're calling him
drunk because he largely was but that's
the thing that you would have found
outrageous if a progressive pointed out
at the time and so I don't know what
portion of this interview was done
intoxicated but if it was I loved it
because it apparently let him just
saying things that are true and honest
and so but I like that all of a sudden
Hannity's found feigning outrage that
John Boehner might have a drinking issue
ya know I mean think about it
we have moved even further to the right
like that's what I got out of this more
than anything because Boehner was
essentially forced into early retirement
right and part of the reason why was
because those in the freedom caucus
didn't like him again he wasn't
right-wing enough that's insane to me
that's insane to me like we have
actually moved backwards as a country I
mean we already kind of knew that with
the current administration that we have
in place but Boehner was the ultra
conservative guy that we were critical
of years ago and
now all of a sudden he seems like he's
somewhat reasonable sometimes yeah looks
real quick the dynamic here and Anna's
right is the most important part of the
story is how they moved over to a window
so massively to the right so John
Boehner was an enormous right winger and
that faction of the party always wanted
tax cuts for the rich and for
multinational corporations but the more
extreme right wing of the party wanted
bigger tax cuts and bigger deregulation
and in some ways I'm thankful for that
and I sound like a weird thing to say
right why because Boehner actually could
have struck a grand bargain with Obama
Obama wanted to do that and if they had
they would have cut Social Security and
they would have given more tax cuts to
the rich and so Boehner is don't get
misunderstand Boehner is not remotely a
good guy it's fun that he's saying these
outrageous and correct things but what
Boehner wanted to do was to take to rob
you guys in an efficient way and he was
frustrated that the Jordan and the
Chaffetz and the Hannity's of the world
were so stupid the right wing idiots we
had a good robbery planned we were all
going to make a lot of money and he went
and got so greedy and the Koch brothers
and Adelson were so greedy that they
pushed you guys to want even more tax
cuts and even more deregulation and to
absolutely pulverize Social Security and
Medicare but unfortunately those guys
won and here we are in Trump land where
that's exactly what they're planning
yeah so he has a little more criticism
for those in the right-wing media
Boehner says I always liked Rush
Limbaugh when I went to Palm Beach I
would always meet with Rush and we'd go
play golf but you know who was that
right-wing guy Mark Levin he he went
really crazy right and got a big
audience and he dragged Sean Hannity to
the dark side he dragged rush to the
dark side and these guys I used to talk
to them all the time and suddenly
they're beating the living shit out of
me so you know friends become foes again
not considered right-wing enough well so
a couple of really interesting two
points in that too
so it shows you Rush Limbaugh and John
Bainer were buddies and they would go
golfing and have a grand old time and
plan out what to say to rush his
audience and they had a good deal okay
and Limbaugh once famously accidentally
said after an election that the
Republicans lost I'm tired of carrying
their water
what happened Ron I thought you were an
independent voice who was just a good
conservative and you cared about
conservative principles and you weren't
working for the Republican Party is
there propaganda outlet well that we
find out no you were it wasn't about
your own opinions it wasn't about your
own principles first you agreed with
Boehner but then you saw there was a
bigger audience with eleven Levine or
whatever he calls himself and then and
then finally the other part of the
puzzle that is not in this piece is the
Rush Limbaugh now gets financed by some
of those extreme Koch brothers groups
they buy ads they don't sell anything
they don't sell sneakers or cars or
anything like that they buy ads on
Russia's program so he is also in his
like John it was nice playing golf with
you but these guys are paying me
millions of bucks to do propaganda I
don't have any real opinions he's just a
page shill that's who Rush Limbaugh is
this helps a partly expose him so that's
nice yeah now finally there was a little
tiny sliver of I don't want to say love
but fairness toward Barack Obama which I
did not expect it here's what he had to
say about that people thought in oh nine
2010 2011 that the country couldn't be
divided more and you go back to Obama's
campaign in 2008 you know he was talking
about the divide and healing the country
and all of that and some would argue on
the right that he did more to divide the
country than to unite it I kind of
reject that notion interesting
it was modern-day media and social media
that kept pushing people further right
and further left people started to
figure out they could choose where to
get their news and so what do people do
they choose places they agree with
reinforcing the divide so he's basically
saying no this criticism about Obama
dividing the country isn't correct
the media is at play people wanting to
remain and their ideological bubbles it
is a huge problem and so we need to look
at that and do something about that
which I thought was fair of him to say
it is now but of course again this is
what drives a lot of people crazy about
politicians including me when he was in
office
Boehner perpetuated that and kept saying
oh we're not doing the obstruction it's
Obama that's doing the obstruction he
should be doing beer summits and if he
did we'd all be getting along now that
he's retired and out of politics so yeah
I was messing with you guys is lying the
whole time
now Obama wasn't dividing us at all and
then finally the last part of it is he
says oh the media on the left of the
right are dividing us what media on the
left it's not like Boehner knows
anything online
you know I'd be shocked if he knows
about the Young Turks so he's not
referring to us like what MSNBC filled
with Republicans and a couple of
progressives in primetime is somehow
dividing the country and making it more
left it's preposterous all there is on
television is right-wingers and like to
progressives so no that's not what's
happening
it's the right-wing purposely dividing
the country for their own benefit it's
us versus Mexicans us versus Muslims us
vs. gays us versus women they're the
only ones doing the dividing and even if
the left were really strong in the media
which you know is it's all the media
he's referring to is almost purely
multinational corporations that are
multibillion-dollar entities and not
remotely liberal but even if that were
the case what would their message would
be no we should be united we should
treat everyone equally Wow how divisive
support independent media come join us
to the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
