you guys ready for it ladies and
gentlemen we got him kind of so far so
we found out late Friday night that are
the first indictments were in and it is
in fact former campaign chairman Paul
Manafort for Donald Trump's campaign
that is in diet who was indicted also
with his buddy Rick gates that Rick
gates involvement super relevant as well
now today Papadopoulos also we find out
has pled guilty and is turning evidence
against some of the folks in the Trump
campaign that is a very relevant story
but let's start with manna Ford and then
work our way to gates so explanations of
what's happening former Trump campaign
chairman Paul mana Ford and one-time
business associate Rick Gates were
indicted by a federal grand jury on
charges of conspiracy and
money-laundering in connection with an
intensifying investigation into Russian
meddling in the 2016 presidential
election now in the beginning it will
appear as if wait now this doesn't seem
like it's necessarily related to the
Trump campaign hold because Rick Gates
connection makes that clear as to what
is going on here and so we will get to
that in a second more details about the
charges a 12 count federal grand jury
indictment unsealed shortly after his
surrender includes charges of conspiracy
against the u.s. conspiracy to launder
money failure to file foreign bank
reports and false statements so if I
told you before that the former campaign
manager or of Donald Trump is
negotiating his surrender and and that
those negotiations through and he has
had to surround himself to the
authorities my guess is you would have
had a dramatic reaction and that is a
reaction the whole world is having today
so not don't let anyone tell you that
Paul Manafort was not an important part
of the Trump campaign he ran the
campaign he ran it during the Republican
National Convention he ran it for months
before that and Newt Gingrich of many
others our other record is have
saying that he had a gigantic role in
this so there's no question about it now
mana for trans Trump's presidential
campaign from June 2016 until his
resignation in August of that year after
reports surfaced about his past lobbying
work for pro-russian Ukrainian oligarchs
and that is the story at hand today
about his work for those oligarchs but
he was actually informally with the
campaign as an advisor starting in month
in March he took over as the lead in the
campaign in June and then once we found
out about the oligarchs publicly what he
had been hiding he was out in August but
then obviously it has had ramifications
all the way to today so when he was
caught with his hand in the Russian
cookie jar he retro actively registered
as a foreign agent and this was more
than seventeen million dollars in
payments for his firms consulting work
in Ukraine which occurred before he
joined Trump's campaign some of the
things that he spent the money are on
are hilarious apparently he's a huge fan
of antique rugs spending nearly a
million bucks on those was it worth it
Paul well we'll find out if you wind up
going to prison anyway so of course this
is the beginning and there will be a
trial if he does not turn evidence
against Donald Trump
so the oligarch business started before
he joined the Trump campaign that is
totally true so let me explain a little
further in a second first I'm gonna give
you a quote from Donald Trump
he says I've always found Paul man
afford to be a very decent man he's like
a lot of other people probably makes
consultant fees from all over the place
who knows I don't know but I thought it
was pretty tough to wake him up perhaps
his family was there now this is when
the FBI had raided Manta Ford's house
and gotten some valuable evidence from
there and Trump thought it was a tough
thing to do but he was signaling to
Manta Ford don't worry I think you're a
very decent man and I'm sure I mean his
work for the Russians the pro-russian
Ukrainian government probably wouldn't
know anything
about that okay well will fun we might
find out soon enough
Matt important gates generated tens of
millions of dollars at income as a
result of their Ukraine work according
to the Department of Justice now what
was the issue here in order to hide
Ukraine payments from the United States
authorities for approximately 2006
through at least 2016 man affording
Gates laundered the money through scores
of United States and foreign
corporations partnerships and bank
accounts now if this was the whole story
and you left it right there you'd say
well I mean he seems like a bad guy and
he obviously tried to avoid taxes and
seems to have done money laundering if
the federal government is right hey and
I hope they get him and I hope she
spends a long time in behind bars but so
far not connected to Trump's campaign
yet okay now Rick Gates is a very
important part of that because he's the
associate of mana for me to get to that
in a second I want you guys to know
though how serious the government is
taking this US has set bail for man
afforded 10 million dollars
Rick Gates bail is five million dollars
both men are under house arrest both
pled not guilty so if they're thinking
of making a run to the Russian border
well they're going to have to get past
house arrest first so that brings us to
Rick gates who in the world is Rick
gates you probably haven't heard much
about him until today well he was a
protege and junior partner of manna fort
the partnership between the two began
almost thirty years ago when gates
internet mana for its old firm and has
continued on ever since until recently
mana fork gets caught with his hand in
the cookie jar he has to leave the
Trump's campaign in August and then
Steve Bannon takes over now
gates did not leave as opposed to manna
fort who was forced out of the Trump
campaign in August of 2016
gates remain inside Trump world in an
official capacity all the way till April
2017 so not only was he part of the
campaign he was part of the transition
team and then yes part of the White
House so very much connected to Donald
Trump I administer
raishin as well as campaign gates was
named to Trump's campaigns liaison to
the Republican National Committee just
hours after a man afford quit his unpaid
chairmanship in August over his alleged
ties to Russia
so basically gates picks up work mana
for left off mana Ford is very public he
was a campaign chairman everybody knows
him not a lot of people know Rick gates
so he just steps in and starts going
exactly where mana Ford was already
headed so where was that let's find out
gates who also worked with the same
Russian oligarch who reportedly paid
mana for ten million dollars to promote
Russian interests let the outside group
America first policies to push Trump's
agenda until he was pushed out in March
some say March some say April of this
year so he stayed on for a long time now
gates started working with mana for all
the way back in 2006 a year after the
Republican strategist struck a deal with
Oleg Deripaska okay now this is one
version of their partnership of course
Gates had worked with mana Ford earlier
to now Deripaska is an aluminum magnet
and of Vladimir Putin Ally Gates also
worked with their puska who has been
denied entry to the US over his alleged
ties to organized crime to support a
private equity fund started by a man
affords firm and quote democracy
building and party building in Ukraine
so let's pause here because it's very
important so there there paska is an
oligarch connected to Putin they want to
support the former governor government
of UK or Ukraine which at the time was
the government of Ukraine that was a
pro-russian government so what they want
to do PR for them they want to support
them in in the US through lobbying and
several different ways that they the
Russians want to back the pro-russian
government in Ukraine at the time so
they hire manna Fortin gates to begin to
do that but they don't want necessarily
their fingertips on it and so or
fingerprints I should say on it and and
so they're doing this behind the scenes
part of the reason why man affording
gates don't report the money and don't
register us for tea
if it was all on the up-and-up there is
a way to do that in by the weights
that's legal in America you just raise
your hand and go okay I'm a foreign
agent for the government of Sweden
Netherlands it doesn't matter right and
I am doing some lobbying work for them
or I'm doing other work for them but
they did not raise their hand they did
it in the cover of darkness and there
was a good reason for that because they
were getting a ton of money funneled to
them and apparently a man afford if you
believe the Special Counsel so it was
not paying taxes on it which is another
issue okay so but there was a twist in
this story and I had reported this many
months ago when we found out the work
that they were doing for the oligarch at
some point a to split with the oligarch
and and then the oligarch wanted to
chase him down throughout the world and
these guys stopped returning his calls
because they had done some deal it was
about a 19 million dollar deal were
manna Fortin gates apparently based on
their pattern and decided why not rip
these guys off too and just didn't do
anything that they had promised they
were gonna do underhanded or otherwise
they just didn't do the work now
crossing Russian oligarchs is not a
smart strategy and so I was confused by
it at the time and I shared that with
you guys I said look I don't get it I so
if they're working with the Russians
during the campaign why would they be
doing that if they had a split with the
Russians earlier now we have the answer
and the answer is incredibly important
so let me give you some of the details
that on that the firm had pitched
Deripaska on a 200 million dollar
private equity partnership focused on
Russia and Ukraine and the arrangement
was set up in 2007 in the Cayman Islands
gee I wonder if they were trying to
cover it up by putting it in the Cayman
Islands but the relationship had
disintegrated by 2014 when Deripaska
sued manna for in gates over eighteen
point nine million dollars in
unaccounted funds intended for the
purchase of a Ukrainian cable provider
in the story I report a couple months
ago I told you before it takes the money
it's like oh thanks for thank you I'm
gonna set up that cable thing right away
just say I'm not setting up any cable
thing just take it and then put it into
my account and then we're done with them
any stops returning emails and phone
calls man that that takes some courage
to do that that's a really bad idea and
it turns out it is a bad idea
and they realize it later and have to
make up for it that's where the story
connects connects to the Trump campaign
and gets very interesting a new trove of
emails released earlier this month
showed mana Ford who did not take a
salary from the campaign hoped to use
his position with the Trump campaign to
quote get whole with Deripaska
in other words he owed the Russians
money and so did Gates and they said hey
don't worry don't worry I'm on the Trump
team now and Trump will do you guys
favors and then we'll call it even
now whether Trump knew about that
and was part of that deal is super
relevant for the point of Trump and the
rest of this investigation but man
afford and gates are in a world of
trouble because now we see exactly what
their motivation was if they laundered
the money as is charged
there could be an enormous trouble for
that and you've got motive you got
intend you've got some serious jail time
here all right one more part of this
that's important as Ross story explains
here and I've shown you all the
different place we're going New York
Times the Pina Mediate Ross story he'll
post a lot of different people reporting
on this story in this case Travis Geddes
he says there's no evidence mana Ford
who left in late August due to his ties
to a pro-russian political party in
Ukraine ever met with Deripaska
during the campaign but he did made
August 2nd with former business
associate Konstantin Killam Nick in New
York to discuss quote unpaid bills and
quote current news in other words I'm on
the Trump campaign that's the current
news I've got unpaid bills to you guys
but I think we could make this thing
whole
so I leave open the possibility where as
it regards to Manta fort and gates
because we got to work with the evidence
that we have okay that Trump did not
know that man affording gates were
trying to get themselves out of a 19
billion I'm sorry 19
million dollar that they owed to a
Russian oligarch tied to bottom or Putin
and if it turns out they're the ones
that colluded with the Russians in order
to try to make up for their own problems
and their own that's the oligarchs well
then they should go to prison for a long
time and it shouldn't necessarily touch
anyone else the problem is they're not
the only ones there was of course also
george papadapolis who we found that had
actually been arrested months ago but
we've and is now cooperating with the
special counsel Robert molar and
Papadopoulos this story connects
directly to Trump and his campaign and
wanting to meet with the Russians about
stolen emails from Hillary Clinton and
the DNC and how the Russians could help
the Trump campaign with those emails so
that is another portion of this story a
very important one and that directly
ties the Trump campaign now Matt affords
the campaign chairman so it directly
ties to the campaign as well but whether
Trump knows about this Papadopoulos
might know and he's now talking to the
feds weatherman affording gates know and
they will be talking to the feds is an
important and interesting question we
might find out as these charges
proceeded for the moment being manna
fort engage so up to us no no no no of
course not we're gonna fight this all
the way and it might be that they are
waiting to see if they're going to get
pardoned if Donald Trump pardons them he
should be immediately impeached and you
will know that he is definitely guilty
if he doesn't pardoned them and he's
like man I didn't know they were doing
that that's you know what sure do you
should investigate uranium on a Hillary
Clinton but investigate those guys I
can't believe they had a breach of
confidence with me and I I trusted them
it turns out they were trying to get you
know get whole with the Russians that is
not the direction Donald Trump has gone
so far he's all over Twitter Gog this is
all Rogers talk about Hillary for dates
and Papadopoulos alright but we're gonna
find out and and it's said especially if
they turn given the series of the charge
against them and it seems like strong
evidence against them they're either
going away for a long time or we might
find out what Trump's role is a little
bit later
either way super interesting and very
important developments TYT membership
gets your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
