I'm a trumpet all the Republicans
bringing up Hillary Clinton now because
I don't know if they know this she lost
election depending on your perspective
fortunately or unfortunately she's
entirely irrelevant now
so why uranium one Hillary Clinton
dossier what the hell is going on here
right I figured it out so it is
connected to Muller on Friday night
saying that the first charges have come
in they knew that the charges we're
gonna come in obviously because it's
their guys that are being investigated
Trump people and we don't yet know who
the charges are against and what they
exactly are they're under sealed but
we're gonna find out on Monday
apparently the strategy is Robert Muller
was the head of the FBI when the uranium
one deal was happening and since he
didn't prosecute Clinton look I covered
uranium one during the election I just
covered it again now I'm in a unique
position because I'm not in the
Democratic Party camp of you ready and
what so irrelevant it's a totally
misleading story no no no it was a super
real story at the time and I'm not in
the camp of the Republicans like oh my
god it is now the most relevant story in
America know what it was as it was
relevant back when she was running for
president she didn't win it's now it was
not a good story for them as I explained
over and over but now it's entirely
irrelevant because Hillary Clinton
doesn't resign the White House she
resides in a cave or in the woods right
so uranium one what the hell we having
this conversation for so that they could
say a molar should've prosecuted Hillary
Clinton since he didn't
that's why 88 years later we're now
firing him no no no no no if Trump fires
them it is obviously because he's
bringing the charges against people
worked on the Trump campaign and
potentially the Trump administration the
excuse they'll use is uranium one and
all that stuff but it is an incredibly
weak excuse no excuse at all if Donald
Trump fires Robert follow the person
investigating him it is 100 percent
obstruction of justice and he should be
impeached immediately
