it breaking news on a Friday night the
charges have been filed in the Trump
Russia case robert muller
impaled a grand jury the grand jury has
brought its first charges not as a great
mystery and fascinating because a we
don't know who has been charged B we
don't know what the charges are so they
are sealed by the court but get a lot of
this someone can be taken into custody
by Monday Wow take it into custody so
the people that it could be our Paul
Manafort he is the most likely person
he's the one that the investigation has
focused on the most he's the one with
the most Russian connections he's the
one whose house was raided by the FBI
and and his materials the computer has
taken for further evidence Michael Flynn
is a possibility he's been on our
investigation anyone who was involved in
that meeting with the lawyer who was
connected to Russian government is a
possibility including Donald Trump jr.
and Jared Kushner now those are remote
possibilities and and people are not
talking about them as as being very
realistic right now but it is under seal
and we have no idea could you imagine if
Donald Trump jr. was arrested in
handcuffs
on Monday okay no not really it is
conceivable it is not at all likely okay
but look guys this is super important
because and by the fact by the way the
fact that it is under seal might
actually be used as leverage for the
person that they are targeting to try to
get him to flip so if it's someone like
Manta Ford who is then going to have
charges formally filed against them or
has already gotten it but we find out on
Monday at the outside possibility of
Tuesday it'll probably leak over the
weekend anyway then the game is afoot if
this has begun and where it leads you
know obviously not a lot of folks know
at this point but the fact that we have
actually
charges filed by a grand jury against
someone involved in the Trump Russia
case is fascinating amazing and perhaps
momentous and and it just happened so
hold on and this time the Trump team
brace for impact
