a Minnesota lawmaker has abandoned his
campaign following his daughters
allegations that he had sexually
assaulted her for years
the representative in question is Jim
Knobloch and he is denying these
allegations but he has decided to
discontinue his campaign so Laura
Knobloch told Minnesota Public Radio
that her father Minnesota Republican
representative Jim Knobloch
inappropriately touched her from the
time she was 9 years old until she was
she's currently 23 years old Knobloch
alleged that while she was growing up
her father frequently visited her room
or sat next to her on the couch and
would put his arm around me and not let
me get up or get away and he would lick
my neck or bite my ear
she also alleged that he routinely
approached her from behind and pressed
his body against hers in the kitchen of
their home pinning her against the
refrigerator a dishwasher and using his
weight and strength to keep her from
getting away now Knoblauch says that his
daughter has been estranged from the
family for a while now and that it's
unfortunate that she would bring up
these false accusations but he has
decided that rather than fight these
accusations he's going to I guess say
face and discontinue his campaign so I I
don't know what we're supposed to do
with these stories at some point they
gotta go to court I don't know well
here's the crazy thing about this story
apparently she had disclosed these
accusations in 2016 and I don't know
what exactly happened with law
enforcement but they claimed that they
looked into it and decided not to press
charges they said that there wasn't
enough evidence to prove that he had
done this beyond a reasonable doubt yeah
and in fact st. Cloud Police Department
and Sherbourne County Sheriff's Office
said that they they believe that the
behavior was quote really inappropriate
but not criminal well let me give you
some more of the
and you can decide whether it's just
inappropriate or if there could be some
criminality here so according to the
reporting when she was 20 her father
this is her allegation pinned my wrists
above my head and just started like
making out slobbering open mouth kisses
with tongue on my neck and biting my ear
she also alleged that later that night
while her family was watching a movie
together her father put his face between
her legs repeatedly kissing and licking
up her legs yeah I mean look if you're
biting your daughter's ear at 9:00 okay
I don't know some people you know bite
their arms and they think they're cute
etc I don't I would say whoa I don't
know about that right in terms of
criminal allegations or anything but at
the age of 20 if if you're really
holding your daughter down and licking
her legs right so but the reason I say I
don't know what to do with these stories
is at some point one of these stories
are gonna turn out not to be true just
as a matter of percentages right the
overwhelming majority evaluations are
true so the overwhelming majority of
these in just in general and life backed
up by crime statistics so the
overwhelming majority of these
allegations are likely to be true at
some point one is not going to be and
then the other side's gonna jump all
over it and say AHA that proves that
everything is false so in this case it
would require if you were this this was
in a court of law and I was a juror I
would say okay I can't wait to see the
testimony of the wife the other siblings
the uncle who helped her and turn and
and turned went and talked to the police
with her about her dad okay I would
really want to hear his testimony I'd
want to hear all their testimony and
figure out what actually happened or not
but we're not gonna get a chance to do
that and and everything is judged in the
court of public opinion and and crazy
and it shouldn't be that way but I also
wonder if you know local law enforcement
was just automatically on his side
because remember he's a person in a
position of power
he's an eighth
hurm lawmaker in Minnesota and so are
they do they have close relationships
you know is that possibly something that
influenced the police opinion on this
you know why they didn't want to do an
investigation or or press any criminal
charges against him I just think it's
strange because these allegations if
they're proven to be true are criminal
right yeah and look it's super easy for
us as progressives to go haha ladies and
gentlemen we got him here's another
Republican was a pervert and doing weird
things and this is potentially
incestuous Center but we're not doing
that
he's already resigned and it's between
now it's between him and his family and
if it's criminal then the cops maybe we
should reconsider but apparently they
already considered they apparently saw
these saw this evidence said really
inappropriate but not criminal so it is
what it is and and we're done with them
and he says I got out of the race
because I didn't want to drag my family
through this and I don't even didn't
want to drag and fight my daughter for
the next six weeks through this election
or he got out of the race because he did
these super creepy things with his
daughter and didn't want it all over the
press over and over again which it would
have been if he'd stayed in the race at
this point given that he's just a state
representative we'll probably never find
out but they were serious enough that he
stepped out like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
