some of the documents that have been
sealed in regard to JFK's assassination
have been released not all of the
documents that Trump said he was going
to release but some of them nonetheless
we have some rather fascinating details
about what the CIA was planning on doing
to Cuban refugees in the South Florida
area just to rally support in invading
Cuba and going after Fidel Castro so let
me give you these details after Castro's
revolution succeeded and thousands of
Cubans fled to South Florida the agency
actually considered murdering a boatload
of refugees assassinating exile leaders
and planting bombs in Miami also Castro
could be blamed for the chaos now that
was based on reporting done by the Miami
New Times they did a good job in you
know going through some of these
documents and you know there were there
was speculation that the CIA was
planning something like this especially
considering the fact that there were
mobs making big bucks in Cuba and they
really really did not like the
Revolution the details of the sinister
plot are included in a summary about
operation Mongoose a 1960 covert op
hatched by the CIA under President
Dwight Eisenhower with the aim of
toppling communist Cuba drones yeah so
for all those in the Cuban community
voting for the right wing for all these
years they had a secret plot to kill you
yeah for their own political purposes
but anyway keep voting for them so look
I plugged this book from time to time
this is so good
Devils chessboard by David Tempest if
you read that book you're not going to
be at all surprised by this story
the CIA unfortunately this country for a
long long time did not represent us the
citizens they represented multinational
corporations and their powerful and the
connected and so in the case of Cuba
there was a lot of money being made in
Cuba and after the Revolution they
wanted that money back now where does it
help America to do fake terrorism plot
inside the US I would be
real I mean they but we the US
government the CIA would have been the
terrorists in that case of course it
doesn't help us that's atrocious
unbelievable outrageous it doesn't help
the citizens doesn't help the Cuban
refugees who would have been blown up in
that plot it only helps the corporations
who wanted their money back and look
this is well-known history about what
the CIA did for the benefit of many
corporations predominantly the oil
companies we deposed government in Iran
which has had blowback for the last 70
years because of that Iran hates us now
and we've been in an eternal conflict
because we'd opposed their
democratically elected leader and back
in 1953 and the US government has also
admitted to that now why because we
wanted a cheaper oil not for us we
weren't gonna get these citizens weren't
gonna get the cheaper oil no our oil
companies were gonna get cheaper oil and
make a bigger profit off of it in
Central America it was literally the
banana companies that's why some of
those countries are called banana
republics because we would depose their
democratically elected leaders because
our banana companies said how dare you
nationalize your bananas we own all your
natural resources so the CIA has been
doing murder on the benefit of
corporations for a long long time so now
that's this is to be fair this is the
1960s and not today and and by the way
one last thing back in the 1960s the
gulf of tonkin so there's been lie after
lie and and and and back in the day the
gulf of tonkin false flag this was going
to be a literally a false flag operation
so there were as dozens of conspiracies
planned some executed some not executed
this one was not executed but it was
planned authorized and then luckily it
never came to fruition but others did I
don't want to get into JFK but and that
caused a rift right that's what the
devil's chessboard talks about right is
if that that I mean you don't want to
necessarily go there but like the little
conspiracy that JFK's rift with Allen
Dulles right about how to approach Cuba
especially after the Bay of Pigs went so
awry yeah by the way I just want to be
absolutely clear the real conspiracy is
that one person shot JFK with a
magic bullet and it was immediately
killed by a guy who proclaimed that he
hated JFK but all of a sudden grew
patriotic in that one day right
that's the conspiracy theory the reality
is yes powerful people were furious at
JFK for not declaring that war that they
had already planned with Cuba to get
their money back and to get their
companies Bank etc and and that's that's
what got JFK killed what's amazing to me
is just how how little you know these
CIA agents cared about human lives right
like yeah but but we want to go into
Cuba like we want to invade Cuba we want
to get rid of Castro so of course we
would kill these innocent Cuban exiles
like why wouldn't we you know it's just
like this complete lack of any concern
about human life like it's it's amazing
to me and also I don't know man this
story shook me
well like it really did it's interesting
also that it happened that was around
Cuba because the United States basically
ran Cuba as a de-facto colony from 1898
to 1957 after recolonizing Cuba after
war with Spain that was started after
there was an explosion on a u.s. naval
ship called the USS Maine that it's
unclear who exploded that ship you know
and they use it as a pretext to declare
war in Spain but it's unclear who blew
up that ship so it would have been like
a nice little full circle in Cuba if
there were two false flags organized by
the American government to justify an
invasion of Cuba but this story I mean
it's just the the I mean Americans are
not too familiar with I mean it was
mentioned in the in the article the
broader operation Mongoose you know
which was a campaign of violence from
the led by the CIA at Cuba where they
they know they shot down commercial
airliners they did all kinds of you know
like all kinds of what we would we would
call if it happened to us terrorist
attacks yeah you know and there's no
need to you know to go solve that yeah
there was they planned terrorist attacks
yeah that's what the CIA did this now
its fact now we know it's this is
government files this is we didn't make
this up now yes government just released
these files saying we had planned
several terrorists
tax including this one luckily this one
was not executed I just want to say that
like it's continuing a little bit today
in terms of the way we approach you know
our counterterrorism strategy and just
it's not about you know actual plots
that people are carrying out but there's
a lot of entrapment that's going on with
like susceptible young you know Muslims
online you know and just to say that
like the legacy of planting these sort
of like you know these plots to then
arrest people and like call them Isis or
call them terrorists or whatever it ever
it's for like a broader game I mean
that's that continues today
unfortunately it's a very old playbook
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
