this week Donald Trump announced a
national emergency not just in a
rhetorical sense but in a technical
government sense over the issue of
opioid abuse and the deaths that are
caused by it we're talking about
literally tens of thousands of Americans
every single year with that number
rapidly climbing killed every year
thanks to how easy it is to access those
drugs how overprescribed they are and
all of that and so that would lead you
to perhaps believe that he's taking it
seriously which is good this is a big
issue facing America but there was one
thing missing from his declaration and
that was basically any money whatsoever
to actually do anything about it at all
the official declaration does allow the
executive branch to dip into the public
health emergency fund which sounds good
until you find out that that fund
currently has fifty seven thousand
dollars in it which is a lot of money to
deal with a problem that affects
millions of Americans so once a I this
is the part of the story that I love
they say the declaration will also allow
the agency to shift around existing
sources of funding to help combat the
epidemic but it won't add any new money
so go ahead shift that fifty seven
thousand dollars around I mean you could
move it here and then you could move
over there other money like like war on
drugs type money that we were actually
putting to a drug that is killing the
tens of thousands of Americans maybe
that would be a good thing that's not
actually what it is by the way in case
you're wondering like how does this
affect me as a person dealing with the
opioid epidemic well with fifty seven
thousand dollars and millions of
Americans currently suffering in this
epidemic it works out to about two cents
per person so they're gonna have to be
very efficient there can't be any room
for government waste in this effort at
this point advocates for fighting this
scourge and by the way including a lot
of advocates who support Donald Trump
has support them even during the
campaign because this actually affects
everybody and there's a lot of people in
red states who have lost loved ones and
and now have become advocates for
tackling this issue say that you need at
least forty five billion dollars to
tackle this give you a sense of context
between fifty seven thousand and forty
five billion well that's one of the
reasons actually that I believe this
week 14 Senate Democrats and an
independent introduced a bill is on
Wednesday to invest forty five billion
dollars to address the opioid crisis now
there is one other little that would
help by the way as we now know there is
one other bit of money like between one
and two billion dollars that Trump is
saying he has made available to fight
the opioid crisis which is good it's not
nearly enough money but it's good except
he didn't allow it it was passed back at
the end of 2016 before he became
president so it's good that they did
that little step but he's taking credit
for it - perhaps dodged responsibility
for not doing any more money today or
early this week well with 45 billion
dollars you can buy a lot of oxy con but
you know the opioid crisis is bad and I
think this country needs to go back to
crack crack was a much more exciting
epidemic I notice also how nobody's
talking about jailing all these I'm not
sure I'm just wondering what what that
could be
I wonder why that is and in the eighties
when the crack was going on seemed like
a different demographic might have been
doing crack and they were really
wondering I was just gonna say the same
thing Judah like I feel like it is
really important to take serious this
epidemic and see drug users and people
who are addicts not as criminals but as
victims and when it happens to be middle
income and poor white people they are
seen as victims and when it happens to
be black people they are seen as
criminals and just how overtly racist
can we be and now I mean the right
always talks about virtue Singh
signaling that like the left says this
virtue of signaling that Larry like
things like dog whistling or whatever
and I feel like this is the biggest BS
empty promise virtue signal to white
people that I white president have your
white back when I'm not actually I don't
I don't have nothing put any money into
this program whatsoever I'm just gonna
it's another talking point I mean while
we're gonna criminalize Latinos and
immigrants and undocumented people and
people of color we're going to lock
they're two point there are more than 2
million people in our prison system
they're 2.6 million who does this
epidemic has affected what about our
prison system and all the people who are
stuck in that we have you know the most
incarcerated population in in you know
the Western industrialized world like so
but no that's not an issue because those
are people of color so I think that we
need to be really on our toes when it
comes to understanding that that just
how overly racist you know yes oh look
white privilege is a is a term that
triggers the right wing more than
probably any other term and actually I
on I understand why does for a lot of
people because you might be a young
white guy in the middle of Nebraska
you're thinking what goddamn privilege
do you think I have and I hear your
brother
I get it you're working for $7.25 that
we're actually trying to help you okay
it doesn't mean that you're actually
rich and powerful and stuff you're not
okay it just means that you might not
suffer some of the stuff that African
Americans suffer on top of the situation
that you're in right so when you are
when your family is dealing with an
opioid issue which is a lot of families
are people are sympathetic and go oh my
god it's an epidemic and we it's a
Judah's point and we have to help you
and which is great that's how they
should I don't want them to treat you
any worse but then when somebody was had
a similar fate and it was on the issue
of crack and the drug of crack
everybody was like oh yeah we got to
lock these guys up but that was also a
health issue and even to this day I bet
you a lot of people watching right now
gonna know it crack wasn't no that
wasn't a health thing the crack is crack
that's dangerous opioids
he killed 64,000 people last year way
more than crack in fact this is a
stunning number it is now the leading
cause of death in America for people
under the age of 50 more than car
accidents heart attacks cancer that's
unbelievable it's the most dangerous
thing there it is really hard in America
for something to kill you more than guns
kill you yeah the opioids really had to
work hard white privilege that's just
the finish I thought white privilege is
not something you have it's it's it
extra burden you don't have do you see
what I'm saying it's you know they
should almost figure out a better way of
framing it like
it's a power structure yeah it's a
government power structure meant to you
know help certain people and do the
opposite of helping to some other people
but you know the yeah I mean people also
I don't know what the stats are but I
don't know if it's the majority I bet I
think it's certainly a lot other people
who get hooked on opioids are not
getting hooked on it from initially from
drug dealers it's from yeah doctors okay
yeah the profit motive yeah about three
quarters on in a different story we did
recorders yes and so there is a gateway
drug they warned us about it throughout
the 1980s they just had the wrong one it
turns out marijuana does not lead to
heroin legal opioids lead to heroin and
and by the way they don't even have to
leave the heroin half the deaths are
just coming from people hooked on legal
or yes and a half are coming from heroin
but those folks most of them came
through legal opioids and so and then so
the virtuous signaling is hey white
people don't worry I got your back okay
okay it's not like frickin crack I go
all my it's a health thing I'm gonna
help you but then the reality is what do
they actually do which is nothing why
because follow the money as always so
when you go to imprison black folks for
doing the wrong kinds of drugs that
people are going to make money private
prisons police departments etc senators
like a long list of people who make
money off of that but wait on the opioid
issue the money is on the other side the
drug companies make a tremendous amount
of money so they do not want you doing
anything about this they do not want you
regulating so all of a sudden now when
it's opioids no enforcement no actual
resources to actually fight the epidemic
the final point of me isn't amazing how
little we can get done as a country that
this is this is actually one of the
issues that finally during the last
cycle of all the debates that we had
this came up multiple times especially
New Hampshire they actually talked about
it a bunch they talked about opioid
abuse more than they talked about
climate change more than they talked
about reproductive rights a number of
other huge issues it finally got
discussed and were a year year and a
half later and here's 57,000
dollarz god is such a useless cotton guy
it doesn't point the finger at you know
scary brown people enough so like don't
put enough don't put money into it cuz
it points the finger at your saying but
as you're saying it pharmaceutical
companies I'm sure you guys have talked
about Tom Marino the former nominee to
be drug czar who was then withdrawn but
he helped pass legislation to protect
these same drug companies from any sort
of accountability responsibility for the
open opioid epidemic that they helped to
cause so you know that's who we're
talking about this is the swamp and yeah
yeah so my final point is I love the the
recriminations back and forth Christie's
it was appointed by Trump to lead the
opioid Commission and they say hey
Christie you could come out with this
report and there's no money in it he
goes oh that's literally this is a quote
that's Congress's job okay so I'm not
gonna do anything about it what do you
want me to actually solve it yeah that
would suit you your job was no man I'm
not gonna do that that's Congress job so
they they go to Congress okay fair
enough then they go to court and who is
the number two leader in the Senate for
the Republicans John Koerner from Texas
and he says about the Trump team I would
hope we would come up with a plan before
we start talking about money I don't
know what the White House plan is we
need some more meat on the bone in other
words don't have a man ain't got no
money that's the White House the White
House is like don't ask me man go ask
them in other words we're never gonna
give you the money it was just PR we
were just messing with you if you
believe trumpety was gonna do something
about the epidemic well you're an idiot
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
