Agro chemical giant Monsanto has been
having a very bad year to say the least
but there's no need to feel sorry for
the company all of their problems have
been caused by their own greed their own
arrogance and their own negligence the
year started off with a lawsuit being
filed against Monsanto for covering up
the dangers associated with a
blockbuster weed killer roundup
scientific studies have linked roundup
in various forms of cancer neurological
disorder and respiratory disease based
on what we've seen from the company's
own documents Montana fully understood
the dangers of roundup but they
continued to downplay the risk in order
to sell their product by the barrel to
farmers and consumers all over the world
but now as the heat is on the company
they've begun marketing a different weed
killer to people who might be concerned
that roundup could permanently endanger
their health which it will that weed
killers called die combi die canva is
not new was originally patented in 1967
and was used widely until stronger weed
killers like Roundup entered the market
and the market server that canva died
off but with roundup gaining public
attention in all the wrong ways die cam
is quickly becoming the go-to herbicide
for people who aren't willing to risk
their help by using roundup this doesn't
mean the die camera is worry free and in
fact some experts are now warning that
die camera may prove to be more toxic
than roundup as studies continue the
main problem is that as of right now the
only long-term studies have been
conducted have all been carried out by
Monsanto it's their game they're it's
determining what's a good study and
what's not a good study only them doc
Kambiz main ingredient is benzoic acid
so when since the varies of the body are
exposed like lungs and nasal cavities
and eyes severe burns can occur die
cameras are considered to be moderately
toxic by ingestion and slightly toxic by
inhalation or dermal exposure symptoms
of poisoning include loss of appetite
vomiting muscle weakness slowed heart
rate shortness of breath central nervous
system effects and that list goes on and
on in addition to these symptoms
inhalation can cause irritation of the
linings of the nasal passages and the
lungs and
lost complete loss of your voice that's
the early signs if the chemical aging
gets into the eyes it can cause
permanent damage leading to partial or
total loss of vision tests and some lab
animals reveal damage to reproductive
organs low birth rate and even loss of
the pregnancy
unlike other herbicides like roundup
which moves through the air the same way
water does die canva has a volatility or
tendency to vaporize this causes it to
move through the air and drift into
other fields around it increasing areas
of exposure sometimes from miles beyond
where the chemical was actually sprayed
the more we learn about die camba the
more worrisome this product becomes and
since Monsanto insists on pushing this
chemical all over the planet we need to
be aware of just how toxic it can be
both for field workers and consumers and
we need to remember the history of this
company Monsanto and we need to be very
aware of the fact that right now they
control all the science they control
what's happening with this herbicide
you
