now the Trump's been all over Fox
there's a couple other outlets too
including the 700 club they're all very
friendly to him he almost never goes on
a station that isn't friendly to him
sissy has become president and boy media
matters in this case did a great job put
together a compilation of why Donald
Trump goes on those outlets it might be
a little friendly to say the least
watch this mr. president I'm so glad to
see you I'm so proud of everything
you're doing so how was your week you
guys want to start with good news you
have accomplished so much in that nine
months tell me how good is your press
secretary who's been your biggest
opponent has it been Democrats resisting
as it been fake news media has it been
each state leaks deep state that has
been leaking on you so much fake news
you probably agree with me your agenda
is not getting out because people are
caught up on the the Comey issue and
ridiculous I've never seen any one
person face as much in terms of attacks
as you have there are thousands and
thousands of people praying for you all
the time there's no leader
overwhelmingly that oh there's a lot of
support field here
the country owes you a great debt on so
much but on that in particular it's very
interesting it's well put it's true I
opened up to you failing New York Times
in the Washington Post this morning
Dennis Rodman are you moving so quickly
that your communications department
cannot keep up with yes you're also one
of the most loved and respected I would
say that also in history there was so
much effusive praise for your visit to
Puerto Rico by the governor but most of
those mayor's who said we've never seen
this level of response from the federal
government you are fighting like hell
every day when I walked into cheering
was incredible you were a rock star I
saw President Bush I mean the the
federal pages are down 30% under your
leadership and Republican senators doing
enough to have your back us know that we
will forever vote for you I have a
friend who's a trucker and he loves he's
very proud of his equipment you have
been so great and I'm very proud of you
a new show which I watched absolutely
almost all the time even if it means
TiVo or whatever device you happen to be
using at the time we appreciate but now
your show is fantastic thank you for
your support over the years you've been
so fit to do it most well thank you so
proud of what you're doing it's a jump
wish let's keep this country safe and I
think that's our prayer for you and
all I know is Fox is good you are fair
and I have to say Fox has treated me
fairly and I don't mean good but they've
treated me fairly I don't want to be
treated good I just want to be treated
fairly all I want is fair I don't want
anything else that just weren't fair and
Fox has really been fair and I
appreciate it you are if I may say
everything is advertised was you ran for
president and appreciate everything
you're doing accredited Media Matters
therefore putting together a nice
compilation just quickly my favorite
parts if I may say you are wonderful
dear sir yeah you probably can't say I
loo that that might be why you got the
interview in the first place but
actually my better than that was I watch
you almost all of the time you know what
that means
he never watches he's not on Fox Lou
Dobbs he's out Fox Business Trump
doesn't watch that he's like I watch you
on the TiVo or something no you don't
lie but you know you kiss my ass so I'm
on here Lou nice job we owe you a great
debt sir then there's a great line of
the the deep state has been leaking all
over you
well that part I enjoyed that part I
enjoyed some truth to that one and
finally your communication department
cannot keep up with you right you're
just too good and too fast oh that
that's what happened yeah I mean that's
no he's an idiot any tweets in the
middle of the night the reason they
can't keep up with him is it like no
don't tweet that out for Christ's sake
if you are loved and respected aren't
you well I would agree if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
