President Trump was Tony lou dobbs it
was a really gross interview just
basically ass-kissing back and forth but
that's not the best part of the I'm
gonna show you the best part it is when
Donald Trump started talking about the
Chinese President Xi Jingping okay
buckle up because there's no way he's
not going to say something stupid and
boy does he deliver let's watch he's a
powerful man I happen to think he's a
very good person now with that being
said he represents China
I represent the USA so you know there's
going to always be conflict but we have
a very good relationship people say we
have the best relationship of any
president president because he's called
president also now some people might
call him the king of China but he's
called president no one calls of the
king of China no one that's not a thing
that exists some people might call him
the king of China but he's actually a
president did you know that yes the rest
of us already knew that
can you tell was actually everything
here he thought that the Chinese leader
was a king oh god he's so quick he's
just so stupid and but the funny part
about it is how proud he is that he
figured out before he went on television
what nine months into his presidency
that the leader of China is actually not
a king but a president and he's like
bragging about like did you know that
he's called president did you know that
yes we knew that and the president of
the United States of America should also
know that or us of a okay and who says
things like people say we have the best
relationship of any president president
first of all everything has to be the
best remember in Puerto Rico we had
these big beautiful soft towels the
Puerto Rico is surrounded by water
big water ocean water
we have the best relationship of
president president oh my god
he's an absolute imbecile and and he's
you know he's a very good person
look George W Bush got justifiably
mocked for saying that he'd looked into
Putin's a soul and thought that he was a
good person and he gave him that Bush
gave Putin the nickname and every time I
have to preface it with I'm not kidding
of pooty pooty so I mean we have a
puffin who's dumber Trump or Bush don't
forget Bush was pretty bad okay but this
is a whole nother level this is Bush
magnet you know they don't even call him
King and now we got Trump code some
people think he's a king but no it turns
out it's president president among
Republicans he's still pulling at an
astronomical rate they look at that and
go he's a dummy just like me
that's my boy support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
