the opioid epidemic continues to destroy
parts of the country and various
families throughout the throughout the
country and there are people who are now
taking matters into their own hands in
an effort to help those prevent
overdosing on heroin
now prescription painkillers are
obviously different from heroin but
often times individuals who can no
longer access opioids will turn to
heroin because of their addiction and
Hector Mota who is a former security
guard in New York realized that there
was this ongoing trend of people
overdosing on heroin in public bathrooms
and so he and a number of colleagues
decided to launch something known as
corner project in New York and they are
taking an incredibly liberal and
somewhat of a controversial approach in
preventing overdoses so what they do is
they essentially provide a needle
exchange program meaning that if someone
wants to inject heroin they provide
clean needles to prevent the spread of
diseases and infections but what they
also do is they allow the individuals
who show up to use their bathroom
to inject the heroin and the reason why
they do that is because they know well
it's either gonna be our bathroom or
some other bathroom and if they're going
to use our facility we can at least
check in on them and make sure that they
don't overdose so they set up an
intercom system and every three minutes
they check in on the individual in the
bathroom if they don't get a response
they will find a way to get back into
the bathroom and if the person is
overdosing they are supplied with narcan
to help them immediately and as a result
they have prevented 25 people from
overdosing and this is modeled after a
different project in Canada and the
project in Canada has also been a
success it's been around for a while and
it has actually helped decrease the
number of heroin overdoses in that
particular area and we'll get to those
numbers in just a second but I wanted
you to jump in Jake yeah so some people
say oh my god they know that people are
doing heroin in there
they still allowed that so terrible but
over 90 percent of the people who get
the heroin will use it in a public
bathroom or out in the streets so either
they're gonna do it somewhere else and
then some percentage of those people
will die that's a guarantee or are they
gonna do it in your bathroom and you're
gonna save their lives how is this a
difficult question and and the people
that sometimes criticize folks who save
people's lives by giving them a tiny
safe space to do that will say all your
leading to their that you're enabling
their addiction they're gonna get it
anyway because they're addicted you
might as well save their lives you know
who's enabling their addiction big
pharma absolutely I started the
addiction in the first place can I give
you an incredible stat that I actually
didn't even know about even though we've
reported on this several times we know
that the opioid epidemic is huge in the
United States prescription painkillers
well a recent study found that let's go
to graphic 12 we consume more than 80
percent of the world's supply of opioid
pain pills even though we are less than
5% of the world's population 80 percent
of the world's opioid supply okay do you
want to know why it's not just a big
pharma is located here in America it's
that we have laws that allow them to
push those drugs on people and marketed
could create pill mills distributed etc
other countries actually care about
their citizens some of them actually
live in democracies that don't privately
financed elections so they say oh well
then I'm not going to let you distribute
it in this way a pill mill no I'm not
gonna allow that but here I mean we have
legal drugs pouring into the Appalachia
slit and there's another story we
covered and also all across the country
and the government goes wait am I
getting my check from pharma oh yeah
that's right they're the number-one
donors to politicians in this country so
they go yeah have at it Hoss do whatever
you want we just did a story about how
they'd be regulated in the middle of the
opioid crisis right April of 2016
Congress with the help of Representative
Tom Marino decided to strip the DEA
of its ability to suspend suspicious
drug shipments to you know rogue
pharmacies and to these pill mills
that's insane this was it's not
something that happened in the early
2000s and it led to the opioid epidemic
it's something that was passed in the
middle of the opioid epidemic again
April of 2016 is when Congress passed
this legislation guys politics matters
laws matter if we had better laws to
regulate legal narc opioids we wouldn't
have 80% of the overdose deaths from
those opioids in the entire world that
is if one of your family members died
from that it is because we allow
legalized bribery in America so a more
amazing facts did you know that three
out of four new heroin users started
with prescription narcotics so gateway
drug all my life they told me marijuana
was a gateway drug it turns out
marijuana does not lead to heroin there
was no evidence of that but
three-quarters of the people who are
hooked on heroin came from the gateway
drug of legal opioids but since they're
the number one donors to politicians
gateway drug who gives a damn you know
that as many people die from opioid
abuse of legal drugs as illegal heroin
we know exactly what's going wrong but
our politicians as usual go as long as
I'm getting a check I don't give a damn
how many people die it's right out in
the open so in the United States we have
outlawed safe injection sites meaning
corner project cannot identify as a safe
injection site however they can legally
do a needle exchange program which is
what they're you know organization does
it's just that if someone says that they
would like to use the restroom to do
what they want to do they won't deny
them access to that and the reason it's
a conscious decision it was a well
thought out decision because they want
to save lives and it's modeled after a
program in Canada as I mentioned earlier
and I want to give you the stats on that
because I think it's important so the
program
Canada is known as insight let's go to
graphic 17 it has seen more than three
million people since it since it opened
and it's treated over 6,000 overdoses
and not a single person has died after
getting the treatment now what they do
is they offer the safe injection site
but more importantly they offer
rehabilitative services meaning they
will counsel these individuals to try to
get them the help that they need so they
can beat the addiction and it's really
really important that they do that and
it's working so for instance a 2011
Lancet study revealed that in the
neighborhood surrounding insite this is
in the Toronto area in the two years
after it opened there was a 35 percent
reduction in overdose deaths from the
two and a half years before it opened
compared with the nine percent drop in
the Oh in the rest of Vancouver I
apologize this is Vancouver not Toronto
it has led to an increased admissions
for addiction treatment and
detoxification so that last part is the
most important because yes some might
you know raise an eyebrow at the idea of
providing a safe injection site but it's
much more than that it not only prevents
these overdoses but it gives these
individuals the education and the tools
necessary to equip themselves to get
better and that's that's what matters so
look at how insane our country is we
have a model in Canada where they have
prevented deaths from 6000 overdoses and
it leads to people getting better in
some of the instances way better than it
then than if it didn't exist so it works
we go that's bad evil evil it's
encouraging drug use now on the other
hand you have the legal opioid business
that actually encourages drug use
actually leads to three-quarters of the
addictions and this and ago that's great
that's wonderful
they don't care about drugs they don't
care about you all they care about is
where's my money help us fill the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
