a deputy in Florida has been arrested
following the release of video
surveillance showing him burglarizing
the home of an elderly man who suffered
a fatal injury during the hurricane
now this deputy apparently showed up to
the scene after the sun's of this
elderly man found that he was
unresponsive following an injury that he
suffered shows up with a group of cops
and you know realizes that this man is
going to be rushed to the hospital
unfortunately he died a couple hours
later 90 minutes after police had
initially showed up to the scene deputy
Jason cook came back to the home and
proceeded to burglarize it so deputy
Jason Cook was taken into custody last
week on burglary and grand theft with a
firearm charges for allegedly robbing
the home of 85 year-old Morozov who fell
during the storm and later died the
sheriff's deputy allegedly found the
garage code in a dispatch log and used
it to gain access to the home 90 minutes
after paramedics took the gravely
injured man to the hospital so the
paramedics showed up to the scene I
initially now the footage that we're
about to show you is from a camera that
was set up in the home by the family
members of the elderly man who
tragically passed and they wanted to do
that to kind of keep an eye on him and
make sure that he was okay
well they noticed that there was a cop
who showed up to the home and at first
they thought oh he's trying to help out
maybe he's trying to get the medication
for our father but it turned out no he
wanted to steal their father's
medication in addition to cash and
jewelry so we have a little bit of that
footage for you we'll show it with our
mics up because I want to talk over it
and it just shows this cop going through
all of the stuff like going through all
the cabinets and going through drawers
in one part of the footage you can see
him popping a pill in his mouth he later
goes into the master bedroom and that's
where the jewelry was and the the
you know the family members are saying
the jewelry is now missing so by the way
it took the cop other cops from this
same town five weeks to actually arrest
this guy now if you went into somebody
else's houses and they had video of you
stealing things super clearly do you
think it takes five weeks to arrest you
or perhaps they get to it right away and
then they were still trying to deduce
whether he did drugs on the job on the
job we see him popping the pill into his
mouth in uniform while on the job yeah
it's not complicated later they
confiscated more drugs from his patrol
car it is this is not a complicated
question and he did apparently did this
all the time and think about what about
guy this guy is because at that time
look if the guy was dead it's still a
horrible horrible horrible right but at
the time you don't even know the guy is
dead he's like oh good somebody got
injured someone someone got injured was
rushed to the hospital the house is
empty let me go burglarize it so he is
at his most vulnerable and his family
will probably want to comfort him too
they'll all go to the hospital and so
when they are suffering the most is when
I'll rob them blind by the way I'm a cop
now to be fair they did eventually
arrest them five weeks after the family
members gave the cops that surveillance
okay just to give you the exact dates
the family reported the video to police
on September 20th Cook was not arrested
until October 19th nearly five weeks
later when the police department was
questioned about that they responded by
saying that they wanted to ensure that
he would go to rehab prior to his arrest
because they care so much about the
people they arrest normally like when
they're arresting African Americans
they're like wait a minute I just want
to be really really careful are you
getting rehab first okay
now I get it look they look out for each
other cuz they're buddies and no matter
how and this is an in arguable bad apple
Hey and and this is an doesn't have
anything new with training or anything
that we normally talk about this is a
guy who is a criminal who happens to be
a cop and even then they're like okay
okay after
we have though yeah yeah and by the way
he clearly does need rehab and and look
I'm not I'm not gonna treat him
differently in regard to his drug
addiction than other people like he
should get help right but he also did
something criminal and he deserved to
get arrested I'm glad it eventually
happened but you know as we know there
is a two-tier justice system and they do
tend to look out for their own and just
to give you some more details in regard
to what officers found in his car
through an investigation his patrol car
had 60 pills including a narcotic
painkiller muscle relaxers and other
medicine now if he's taking that on the
job that is incredibly dangerous
especially if he's operating a vehicle
and especially when he's in possession
of a deadly weapon like a gun so yeah
when he's interacting with people and
and in stress highly stressful
situations and he's got a gun on him
that is a recipe for disaster
so luckily he's off the streets now
support independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
