I saw something in a poll this morning
that I find a little bit troublesome
maybe you will too this was a poll
conducted by The Economist and YouGov
and in it they asked whether you have a
favorable or unfavorable view of a
politician you might remember by the
name of George W Bush among
self-identified Democrats it was very
favorable and some favorable numbers add
up to 51% he was not president in 1903
it was not that long ago majority
approval amongst Democrats and it leads
me to wonder if some sort of like if
forget-me-now is have been given to the
entire American population or something
like that
I mean look Democrats are 51% obviously
Republicans are higher they're at 76%
independents are a little bit lower at
42% although that is swamped by
basically there don't know was much
higher it's at 19% instead of 7% for
Democrats but 51% for this guy george w
bush which has all of his personal
issues obviously the stupidity and and
the cruelty like the conversation about
the woman that was gonna be executed
back when he was governor of texas all
that stuff but then the huge the
economic impact of his tax cuts his
attempt to privatize some of the massive
social programs the botched response to
Katrina the Iraq war perhaps the the
killing of civilians abroad torture and
all of that I mean the number of
different things that should disqualify
him from ever being seen favorably by an
American could go on and on and on we
could do multiple programs just on that
and in such a short period of time less
than 10 years from him leaving office
it's at 51% amongst Democrats so it is
two phenomena here one is that time
heals all wounds the other is propaganda
so let me explain when George W Bush
left office you remember what his
approval rating was oh yeah
26% right now even in this poll Donald
Trump's at 37% in another pause or Trump
at 44% so Bush was far more unpopular
than Trump is today so we have forgotten
that the country universe
this spies George W Bush by a time he
left office the Iraq war was a debacle
of literally historic proportions
hundreds of thousands of civilians lost
their lives it led to the creation of
Isis it created chaos in the Middle East
let alone all the guys we lost over
5,000 and then 50,000 injured let alone
the choice of knowledge we lost and then
there was the economic crash when he
left office Democrats had him polling at
among Democrats 7% and it is jumped from
7% to his John pointed out 51% now so
yes you forget sometimes right and he
comes out and does a nice speech which I
gave him credit for
against Donald Trump and warning about
you know the creeping nationalism and
and warning about white supremacy
okay great wonderful I'll take it
everybody doesn't it's just real quick
John but he doesn't wipe away the
hundreds of thousands of dead civilians
yeah and the eight million jobs we lost
that economic crash it doesn't take
those away at all it doesn't at all I
mean one thing that could be assuming
the numbers a little bit is this this
was taken just a couple of days ago it's
around the time that he had been
involved in some high-profile
fundraising for people who were affected
by the Hurricanes and stuff like that
that could be throwing some people off
as well it's entirely possible but even
then you wouldn't think that it would be
that high look some people are are young
and they weren't necessarily watching
politics back during the Bush years that
was really the first period that I paid
a lot of attention that's politics in
large part by listening to this show
actually but that is scary and we were
having this conversation this morning to
some extent one of the things that
worries me about this is not just that
we so easily forget about the crimes of
the past presidents we sort of we sort
of know that I mean even Obama the bad
things about Obama people are going to
forget that
especially Democrats in the next few
years but the fear that Trump being so
horrible so cruel and so small and so
petty might well make almost anyone on
the Republican side look like a vast
improvement let alone the Democratic
side I mean you could have theoretically
if this is even if this strong in effect
is happening on someone as obviously
evil as george w bush
his effect he killed like he was
responsible for more deaths than few
people in the history of our world that
now with Trump
I mean if Mike Pence runs next time or a
centrist Democrat like Joba like nothing
they will have done can possibly make a
dent after the experience people have
had after Donald Trump we could end up
with another monster just because the
monster is slightly more presentable
yes and so let's talk about the damage
to because I I'm worried that Trump
could cause even more damage but he
hasn't yet so if you're just telling the
damage or she did a lot more damage
definitely one fact yes so I tweeted
about this yesterday I showed some of
the video where he back during the
campaign said that you have to he
repeatedly said you have to kill the
families of of terrorists and we talked
I believe a week ago the the newest
numbers by air wars show than the last
seven months there have been more killed
civilians in our fight against Isis than
through the entirety of Obama's efforts
against it over the course of multiple
years and so I mean that's a smaller
number than Iraq but if that continues
for the next eight years I mean it could
start to get up the points where it
becomes sort of an academic distinction
no no no so I I want to be clear Bush
had eight years to do that damage yeah
Trump has only had less than a year I oh
my god heaven forbid we actually have
eight years of Trump the damage he could
do would he could easily be Bush so but
I don't want to get there I think the
guy's a maniac in a complete danger that
doesn't mean that Bush wasn't also a
disaster which leads me to the final
things here look Bush did do one thing
right after the leaving the presidency
he did something that I suggest for a
lot of the people who get in trouble
that oh they almost never do which is go
hide in a cave yes right with the owner
of the Clippers there's all these
terrible things as the terrible things
about black people then just keeps
doubling down go hide in the cave man
and Bush he did he hid in a cave and do
some artwork okay on the walls painted
all right and and it worked because
people forget he wasn't out there and
people forgot how bad he was but the
other thing that I want to come back to
this really important is the power of
propaganda the other reason why those
numbers have
for the whole country and even for
Democrats is because of the power of
television so in television whatever
Jimmy Carter's name is brought up they
call him a loser they so you don't want
to be like Jimmy Carter a Democrat like
Jimmy Carter and it means it is their
equivalent of loser now the reality is
that's not remotely true Jimmy Carter
literally did peace in the Middle East
and then every once another but I
couldn't imagine if a president was so
great that he would do peace in the
Middle East I can it was called Jimmy
Carter he did Egypt and Israel deal and
I can go on and on but the press
constantly calls him a loser he wiped
out a disease from off the face of the
earth
helping people gutter you doing peace
deals and ending disease and saving
millions of lives but when they
mentioned Bush it's more like oh boy oh
guy he does art now and well he helps
people all boys right Republicans that
oftentimes so-called Democrats on
television as well and so what does that
do it moves Carter's numbers down and it
moves bush's numbers up
mission accomplished it's almost as if
we have manufactured consent that Bush
was a good president when in reality
when he left office we were all agreed
that he was a terrible president helped
us build an independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
