you might be thinking like with these
tax cuts coming up and the fact that
they're gonna go almost entirely to very
very very wealthy people like we've been
through this before as a country several
times once very recently under george w
bush and we saw that within ten years it
helped to crash the economy how could
they possibly convince the American
people that this is a good idea well we
know some of the arguments they're gonna
use in this video you're gonna see
representative Steve Russell making the
Christian argument for giving all of
your money to wealthy people yeah one of
the things we understand the speaker
Ryan is considering is adding back a top
tax bracket for the wealthiest Americans
Axios is reporting this morning then it
might be keeping the thirty nine percent
tax bracket for people making over a
million dollars a year could you support
that well I what I support is fair to
everybody you know God in His Levitical
law required ten percent of all people
that seemed pretty fair why do we need
thirty forty fifty percent in taxation
you know at some point we got to say
enough is a girl I don't think we ought
to continue to divide our country into
class warfare you know one of the sad
things since leaving the military and
coming to Congress to see how we have
divided our nation on almost every level
socio-economic gender race and now we're
going to divide on class and divide on
wealth you know when is it that we unite
on things that we actually could agree
it's easy to throw rocks it's somebody
simply because they have money and
that's what I'm trying to address we
don't need to create this class warfare
of you have and I don't therefore I'm
going to punish you
and use the government as the punishment
tool we're better as a country than that
and we want a country that creates
innovation and creates hope so that
somebody growing up in poverty can be
successful
could be wealthy if they invent an idea
and they take it all the way to success
why do we have to continue to divide our
country along these lines it's a mystery
to me it's a mystery to me why just
because they're rich you want to throw
stones if I throw throw stones I mean
you know have a tax rate that's higher
than what we pay perhaps by a little bit
that's not fair according to the Bible
why do we want to divide people okay you
guys are the ones who did the Southern
Strategy and said now why people get
really mad at black people okay and
switch over the Republican Party you
guys are the ones that did in 2004 all
the initiatives on gay marriage to drive
people to vote against gays and help
george w bush wit I can go on and on you
guys invented dividing people and now
that you say hey maybe the rich should
pay their fair share of taxes oh my god
you're dividing people I can't believe
that you guys are divided people let's
protect the rich man how do you not know
that the Republican Party is purely for
the rich and then he goes through our
lakorn the biblical law it would 10%
dude in the old days the church would
take the 10% and build a really nice
church and then kind of help the poor a
tiny tiny tiny amount and then have the
Pope dress up in really nice clothes and
that was it now we have giant military
police fire department hospitals schools
etcetera
ten percent doesn't really cut it yeah
yeah I actually want to play one more
clip if we could do play a play video
three we're gonna do a little bit more
ben Carson later but here's Ben Carson
echoing a very similar sort of idea you
were in a televised interview and you
said well us and we you know the people
who are paying the most taxes deserve a
tax break do you think that the message
should be that it's gonna help everyone
and that's gonna help the economy I mean
there has to be a better message on
taxes and there was on health care well
I think we need to stop engaging in the
class warfare stuff you know this is a
country that has all kinds of people in
it rich people poor people people in the
middle we're all in the same boat quite
frankly and if part of the boat sinks
the rest of its going down - yeah as I
said before the show part of the boat
sinks typically we bail it out literally
let's play one more because he has a
little metaphor that is a little bit
more condescending than perhaps you've
realizes we need to stop allowing
ourselves to be divided up you know I
know people who are not wealthy at all
who are very very happy and I put know
people who are very wealthy who are very
unhappy
you know that wealth has nothing to do
with happiness but you know fairness is
something that should go across all
lines you know that's why I love things
that are proportional
you know you might way you make ten
billion dollars you pay a billion you
make ten dollars you pay one everybody
has skin in the game the guy who makes a
ton of money is putting a ton of money
back in it just makes so much sense is I
went to church growing up and if I know
Jesus he would see a man with ten
dollars say give me that dollar
wait that doesn't make any sense so if
you only have ten dollars losing a
dollar
that hurts dog okay if you have ten
billion dollars and you lost a billion
you still have nine billion dollars and
can forward anything you want for the
rest of your life all the way through
your grandkids even if they're all Paris
Hilton and spent like nuts you can still
afford anything the other guy only has
nine dollars left he's got to feed his
whole family with nine dollars let alone
insurers etc think about that analogy
for a second and no we're not all in the
same boat I wish we were I I love the
idea of equality of opportunity that's
what I want America to live up to but
you guys are the ones doing class
warfare we just did the story on the
pensions and so they're now saying when
your your 401ks and we're gonna cut it
down by sixteen thousand dollars of how
much you could put in so that's a tax
increase for the middle class we did the
story about how they're gonna go after
the Earned Income Tax Credit that's a
tax increase for the working poor and
then on the other hand they're gonna
give trillions of dollars in tax cuts to
the rich what happened when I thought we
were all in the same boat now all of a
sudden when it comes to taxes we're not
in the same boat the rich get giant tax
cuts and you guys get tax increases and
so it is reverse Robin Hood they're like
let's take for the working poor and the
middle class and give it to the rich and
pretend we're all in the same boat yeah
in their fantasies we are indeed all in
the same boat it's a 100 meter long
yacht and you are serving them drinks
but that's okay because some people
serving drinks are really happy and the
people getting the drinks from their
servants or sometimes not happy yeah so
let us just keep all the money
well he doesn't lead to happiness that's
why he doesn't take a salary no hey you
know what I'm glad Carson pointing that
out money doesn't leave their happiness
so I guess the rich don't need those
several trillion dollars in tax cuts but
the Republicans are trying to pass right
now might make it less happy problem
solved
help us fill the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
