late last night the Republicans in the
Senate voted to give banks credit card
companies even companies like Equifax
broad immunity from lawsuits from people
like you blocking a soon to be
implemented rule that came out of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau the
new rule was written by the bureau it
was set to take effect in 2019 and would
have restored the right of individuals
to sue in court now you might ask well
with companies like banks and credit
card companies all of that what do you
mean restore the right to sue can't we
sue well no what you generally have to
go through thanks to the Terms of
Service given out by companies like this
is through arbitration which is like a
lawsuit but almost entirely under the
control of that corporation and so your
ability to for instance band together
with other people have been wronged by
that corporation or by that bank is
eliminated in that case and your ability
to to get something for what's been done
to you is effectively nil so we were
gonna have that but now we don't thinks
the Republicans vice president Mike
Pence cast the deciding vote after the
Senate tied 50 to 50 and just for the
record if you're looking for defiance
against Trump and his agenda all but two
Republicans John Kennedy and Lindsey
Graham voted to repeal the rule no
Democrats or independents support of
that move the House voted 231 to 90 to
repeal the rule which actually is much
more split because no House Democrats
voted to repeal the rule okay
so let's break this down a couple of
ways first of all to your last point
about the so-called heroes of the
resistance from the right-wing Jeff
Flake where are you I thought you were
fighting Trump bob Corker where are you
john mccain he was giving a speech yeah
and so look I appreciate their speeches
and I pointed it out but I also told you
at the time they're gonna keep voting
with them and there and it goes to the
point of no their massive right wingers
and they're looking to rob you and this
was an absolute robbery that's what I'm
gonna explain second but that gives you
a sense of why they're coming out
against Trump it's not because they're
like oh my god it turns out he's gonna
give people everything to the rich and
take everything away from the middle
class
yeah the Republicans then
that right there not outraged by that
with guys like corker and McCain they
have heard from people inside the White
House and they have seen it with their
own eyes the guy is a total buffoon and
and completely dangerous at any moment
he could start a war and even John
McCain is like don't start unnecessary
Wars yeah so like this has a couple of
layers to it the Republicans are not
good guys in this case I don't want you
to get mistaken what they're saying is
yeah I like the robbery we signed on to
that right what we didn't sign on for is
for this guy being a maniac and they're
saying you like don't get me wrong he's
a maniac so okay now that's a separate
issue now let's go back to this issue
and and what the this is Republican 101
so let me break down for you the
gigantic difference that this makes so
when these financial institutions and it
actually applies to other companies too
because now everything is forced into
arbitration in in all the contracts that
you signed because the Supreme Court is
also corporatist okay because they were
picked by corporatist Republicans to do
the corporates bidding so it's a long
story I can get into but anyway they
made their decisions 2011-2013
so in 2009 they're actually are still
some class-action lawsuits out there
it's not like all class-action lawsuits
are over but especially for financial
institutions they are now far far far
more limited back when they existed
people found out that that they were
that banks were ripping you off on
overdrafts yeah now they did that
systematically and to the tune of
billions of dollars so they just take
from you five bucks at a time twenty
five bucks at a time thirty bucks from a
time and they knew that it was wrong but
they were doing it anyway except to me
yep and so it's great that we caught him
on it and we were right and they did a
class-action lawsuit got a bunch of
people together they said you did it to
all of us and a billion dollars was
returned to consumers to the people who
were ripped off now actually more should
have been returned but this is still
great you got a billion dollars back to
consumers who were robbed literally
there was it was adjudicated it was
decided by the courts they were robbed
and they got a billion dollars back now
class-action lawsuits are not allowed
for most of those issues
so they did a two-year study and
arbitration claims well the problem with
arbitration is that it's stacked against
you in two ways one you can't band
together with everybody so how the hell
can you afford a lawyer Yeah right
number two let alone a dragged out long
lawsuit that's right and what can you
recover one person at a time right and
number two of the lawyers use an
arbitration this is rarely ever talked
about usually work for corporations so
they're not bad people but you're
unlikely to hire them because you had an
overdraft for $25 you're not rich enough
to hire that lawyer day in day out but
that guy who works in arbitration one
day will be hired by the same kind of
firms that he has to adjudicate with
like I don't know I could go with the
guy with no power like your or I could
go with a guy who's about to hire me six
months from now right so that's another
institutional problem so what happens so
in those two years there were 78
arbitration claims that found in favor
of the consumers which is preposterous
Lelo to the tune of $400,000 so in one
case alone before the Supreme Court said
ah now we love corporations and we don't
really like consumers we're gonna give
them more power before that you got a
billion dollars returned to consumers
who've been ripped off afterwards four
hundred thousand dollars to 78 cases
this is how they redistribute the wealth
this allows for the banks of financial
institutions to systemically rip you off
and get away with it and the Republicans
love it that is their main modus
operandi so they get money from those
banks and then this is how they return
the favor so when you have private
financing of Elections and these guys
put in millions of dollars to the
Republicans they get billions in return
and that's billions that they ripped off
from you if they're just getting the
money for normal financial services
great no problem that's the whole point
of a bank but this is for issues where
they actually ripped you off and the
Republicans today said go for it man
voters idiots voted for us and we just
stole billions of dollars from them and
gave it to our banker friends just to
give you an idea of how brazen they are
so if this really gone into effect and
you had one to take some sort of legal
action you would have had a couple of
options obviously as we've laid out you
could go through the arbitration or you
could do a class-action lawsuit they
have taken away one of those two things
and they're messaging as to why they did
that was to increase freedom and choice
literally is that as much by my math
they're brazen about it cos I think oh
it doesn't matter TV's gonna cover our
ass they're gonna talk about Trump tweet
or this we're dead never getting up
they've got about this and if they do
and the New York Times is a great story
on it you're gonna hear for one day and
it's never gonna be repeated again and
we're gonna go back to robbing you day
in and day out and they're never gonna
catch us you know I I hope that the
internet has begun to fix that because
now we're on to them and at least you
know what just happened to you oh by the
way though I mean your choice they like
freedom and choice if you like being
robbed by your bank vote Republican TYT
membership gets your commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
