if you weren't already terrified about
what Trump in the GOP s upcoming tax
policy changes will do to you and the
country wait until you find out what
they might do to your 401k one of the
things you as an individual can actually
rely on over the course of your life if
you're responsible and save to make sure
that you're not destitute and on the
street well they want to make some
changes to it now you might have read in
the past I believe two days that Donald
Trump is a big fan of keeping 401 k's
the way it is he says it's an important
tool we shouldn't change it which
shocked some Republicans that he didn't
want to change it
it's shouldn't of shocked them though
because he immediately changed his mind
inside of about 24 hours he is now
saying that he's open to possibly
negotiating to change that which is what
he says about everything he doesn't know
about either side of what's being
negotiated for or against but he loves
them negotiations and not just him by
the way the head of the House Ways and
Means Committee said recently when asked
about this issue we think in tax reform
you can create incentives for Americans
to save more and save sooner which can
help them so we were exploring a number
of ideas in those areas oh I'm sure
they're thinking of ideas to allow you
to save more huh perhaps do some sort of
federal matching for your 401k probably
not so yeah Trump is willing to
negotiate on that just two days after
saying that he wouldn't and it's get an
idea of what these changes might
actually do now this isn't out of trump
this is out of US and the Republicans
who actually know some of the details of
the plan Republicans are reportedly
looking to lower the annual cap on the
contributions you can make to your 401 K
to about twenty four hundred dollars
down from eighteen thousand I look for a
lot of Americans they can't put eighteen
thousand in but it sure would be nice to
be able to if your income rose at some
point that is massively lowering it down
and of course that means that you don't
benefit from the tax savings of that
additional nearly sixteen thousand
dollars so let's break this down okay
so Kevin Brady said you can create
incentives for Americans to save more
and save sooner you just did the exact
opposite because they could have saved
more and and and sooner literally
sixteen thousand more that's right if
you allowed them to put more into their
401 K tax-free that would have created
an incentive to save
or and right away you did the exact
opposite you said hey you know what
you're not allowed to put that much into
your 401k anymore hmm
you know what this does it effectively
increases taxes on the middle class they
got to get the money somewhere they're
Reedus treating the wealth they're about
to give a couple of trillion dollars to
the rich they got to get it but oh gotta
somehow you know get some money to the
federal government to finance our Wars
and all the other things that we want to
do in our subsidies for the oil
companies so we're we're gonna get it
from let's go rob the middle class and
then do a brazen lie where we say the
exact opposite of what we're doing
that's the Republican Party for you and
then I I had this story teed up not the
latest update obviously but the the 401k
story on Monday and why we just couldn't
get to it I wish we had because we I had
Trump's tweet about know he says there
will be no change to your 401 K this has
always been a great in popular middle
class tax break that works and it stays
exclamation point okay so that was a
tweet and I was going to say hey that's
great it is a great it is a really
important middle-class tax break yeah
that's right about that and take take
take take take take take take until he
changes his mind yeah because what
happens you go back and clip that out of
his memory I know right so I get no
credit for it because I didn't say okay
who cares about me so let's so uh but
I'm Trump the reason I was gonna say
that is because it's what was in the
room last so somebody tells him hey for
one kid wait I said we weren't gonna do
that steep maybe see been and maybe to
give Steve Ben needless credit that he
doesn't deserve he calls him up and says
ah now let's look out for the middle
class there's only be populace or
something and he's like no the 401 K
we're not cutting you right and then I
knew McConnell's gonna come in next and
Kevin Brady's gonna come in you know
like hey idiot the people who donated to
you and who were who you work for are
want to screw the middle class and he's
gonna go oh right okay oh don't maybe
we're open to it I'm gonna make a deal a
better deal a bigger deal it's gonna be
amazing it's gonna be a beautiful big
deal I'm gonna screw you guys over and
give it to the rich right I forgot yeah
I mean we're
really in a Crabby position because at
least as far as I can read it we're
stuck between the desire of Republicans
to take extra money from you so that
they can give it to the rich on the one
hand and the concerns they have for
their donors some of whom work in the
industries that would use the money that
you're putting in your 401k to make
investments and they can generate money
off of that I don't know if the
individual rich people or the rich
people that own the companies will win
out yeah point no no company no John's
exactly right there's a couple of
different lobbying interests involved
here and so the people who benefit from
the 401ks of companies that benefit from
the 401 k's will fight back against this
hence I now have fun I get to do a
prediction anyway Trump will flip-flop
on this four times four hundred and one
times no literally four times because
different different lobbyists and yeah
financial interests will come into the
room and it'll go
oh yeah right of course a middle class
oh yeah right now we hate the middle
class okay so hold for it but the bottom
line and the most important part is look
they're House Ways and Means Committee
is super important they're the ones that
control all the money and the
Republicans who control that are saying
we never meant middle-class tax cuts in
fact we met middle-class tax increases
you idiots tax cuts are for the rich
yeah that's what Kevin Brady and all of
the Republicans in Congress are saying
today support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
