The Washington Post revealed late last
night that the infamous
steel dossier which made big news at the
early portion of this year and has
occasionally reared its head since then
was funded at least in its middle in
later phases by the Hillary Clinton
campaign and the DNC here are the basic
facts that we know at this point
although certainly more will come out in
April of 2016 lawyer mark Elias working
on behalf of the Clinton campaign and
the DNC started paying the opposition
research company Fusion GPS to look into
Trump's ties to Russia
former British spy Christopher Steele
who we've talked about previously on
this program did this work for fusion
and authored what became known as the
steel dossier now this is the new
information now previously fusion GPS
before that point had been conducting
the research already on behalf of a
Republican client this is back during
the Republican primary especially the
early portion of that at this point we
don't know who that Republican client is
so that's unclear it's also unclear how
much of the dossiers contents were
actually made known to people within the
Clinton campaign possibly 100% of it
possibly less although it appears that
before BuzzFeed's publication of it it
had been being shopped around to
different people so some people both in
government and in the media had had
access to it at least in part so we know
that now how actually this came out to
the Washington Post we don't know for
sure although we can speculate because
fusion gps filed court paperwork back on
Monday documenting a series of leaks
they came claim came from senior
Republican members or staffers of the
House Intelligence Committee so
everything assuming that the leaks that
they are talking about actually happened
so far as we know everything that was
leaked is accurate and true but it's
worth noting that the Republicans on the
House Intelligence Committee desperately
want this story to be out there I don't
think I'm nearly as moved as the rest of
the media on this story so like in what
way I don't care at all so let me
explain why okay so people like AHA so
Clinton did opposition research Oh
course she did in the Trump people did
opposition research
in fact and you know I'm no friend of
the Clinton campaign and there yeah and
trust me that they don't find me to be a
friend but you could argue that they're
more scrupulous than they should have
been because they apparently had some of
the information about Trump doing
potentially terrible things apparently
they didn't reveal it and they use it
yeah we have to wait until after the
election to get any of these details
yeah the dust here that is super
important it did not come out until
BuzzFeed printed it well after the
election so if the Clinton people had it
they thought that it was either
unreliable enough to use they had some
moral qualms with using it maybe they
didn't get it in time but but they
didn't use it maybe they were
incompetent or they were incompetent
anyway use damaging stuff on our
opponent and go to Wisconsin to
Wisconsin in my place yes it sounds like
a giant nothing burger to me okay there
was a dossier though and and and by the
way the Republican that originally
funded it very likely either Cruz Rubio
or Bush right because they had a ton of
money in the erroneous but so what
so they did opposition research against
their opponents whoop-dee-doo there's
only one thing I care about is it true
or is it not yeah well it's true and and
the Russia's have corporal MOT on Trump
and they were gonna use it and they use
that to collude with Trump or to or to
influence Trump that is super relevant
if it isn't true they had some Oppo
research that wasn't true who cares yeah
well it's it so look I largely err on
the side of I think that this is not a
particularly interesting story and I
think it's being pushed in the media by
a lot of extremely self-interested
people on multiple sides but the way
that it could be at least something is
assuming that significant portions of it
perhaps some of the most salacious parts
are completely untrue fabricated not
just they got bad information but
specifically was intended to be untrue
and it was actually leaked
although after the election to damage
Trump before his presidency begins then
you could say that that's bad
for America in some way perhaps you
could try to make the case that that's
dirty and they're spreading information
that they know is false so that turns
out to be the to be true then you could
get worked up over that now it wouldn't
necessarily be the case that the Clinton
campaign or the DNC had released that it
could just be that either Christopher
Steele or fusion GPS had released it so
then maybe you should be pissed off at
them instead but other than that I mean
like people are trying to say that this
is collusion between the Clinton
campaign and Russia it's like seven
steps removed from that they paid a
lawyer who worked with an organization
who worked with an allied spy of ours
who apparently got information but
didn't get information by breaking any
laws or anything like that no no guys if
if the Russia said hey come here come
here Hillary I got some stuff for you
okay and then they give it to Hillary
and she or anyone on Hillary's campaign
and and then they use it against Trump
and they knew that it was coming from
Russian sources then we would have the
same exact issue as we do with Trump
where the truck where the Russians said
here Donald Trump jr. come here come
here come here and then she actually
went and he brought manna fort with them
and pushed her with them and they're
like you got anything and at that point
they they didn't they claimed they
didn't I'm a much on Hillary Clinton so
they wound up not using anything either
because they didn't have anything but
but the meeting with the rush is to try
to collude with the Russians is relevant
on the Trump side yeah so here trying to
get information that the Russians have
without colluding with the Russians like
the Russians are collecting the
information against Trump just in case
or to influence them or whatever if
they're using if you enforce it when
they did that's actually a thing against
Trump not against Hillary Clinton
and somehow the Clinton team gets that
info without working with the Russians
that's opposition research if you have
evidence that no the Clinton team are
like went and reached out to the Russian
government colluded with the Russian
government to get the information okay
then we have a difference that's
actually much more like yes that's
exactly what happened here no but we if
it did we will find out about it because
the entire apparatus of the US
government is about to be deployed for
the next six months to four years in
pursuit of this story
- buckle up yeah that's what drives me
crazy though the the the bottom line of
this story is the Russia's attempt to
influence Trump but it doesn't matter
what you're gonna hear from Republicans
and Trump and Twitter and then and the
cable news will eat it up is oh my god
did Hillary collude with the Russians
it's just a giant distraction if you had
a morsel of evidence on that as I we
have reported a thousand times about the
wrong things they have done we'll be all
over it but right now as things stand
this doesn't implicate Hillary working
with the Russians at all yeah and they
didn't use it they had it and they
didn't use it yeah and if you want to
criticize Hillary Clinton there are only
about 57 better ways or reasons to
criticize her for this seems like a
pretty low hanging one now Brian Fallon
former press secretary for Hillary
Clinton said largely what you said
actually today a thing it would be
malpractice in my view for the campaign
to not want to turn over every rock and
learn everything it could about Donald
Trump it just happens that there are a
lot of Russia shaped rocks in Donald
Trump's metaphorical field I don't know
and that's why it went in this direction
so that's the Hillary Clinton side
there's also of course the DNC side and
the statement put out by the DNC
communications director today said that
Tom Perez and the new leadership of the
DNC were not involved in the
decision-making regarding fusion GPS
they can say that I say just to be safe
they should all resign be sure okay so
let's just have them resign we'll bring
in new people we know we're involved so
the earth√≠s stopped spinning because
Brian Fallon and I agree furthermore
hurt I you know my beef with the DNC's
have been fairly well known in
progressive circles and so and it it's a
classic loser DSE move they fund
something then they don't use it and
then they release it after it's
irrelevant and then they like it's a
lose-lose as usual from the DNC yeah but
but if they actually spent money to do
opposition research on the Republican
candidate god bless your heart that's
what you're supposed to do and what
there's like two other angles on this
that I do find interesting it's the
timing of various pieces of
newse I think that these are not big as
much news as people are acting as they
are but around the same time that we
find out this about the steel dossier
it's also revealed that the head of
Cambridge analytic the data gathering
and micro targeting organization that
was paid millions of dollars by the
Donald Trump campaign had reached out to
Julian Assange to see if they could
collaborate on tracking down and
releasing the stolen 33,000 emails he
said this today Julian Assange actually
responded saying we can confirm an
approach was made but they can say that
it was rejected so Cambridge analytical
reached out to Julian Assange Julian
Assange said they didn't want to work
with them on it what's interesting is
that while that seems similar to what
we've been talking about here today I
don't see them talking about it much on
CNN I did see one segment where they
talked about it and on Fox News's front
page for some reason it doesn't actually
merit a mention and so I want to show
you one thing that I produced I like to
occasionally take a little glance at the
front page of Fox News not for too long
because I start to claw my eyes out but
I looked at it and I started to notice a
pattern of what they were covering on
the front page today so let's bring up
this graphic I've shaded all the
sections about Hillary Clinton that's
just that what a bully that's the vast
majority of all the news happening in
the world right now is about Hillary
Clinton
so apparently Puerto Rico is in perfect
shape no recovery needed everybody's
doing fine don't talk about that your
401 KS aren't gonna be effed with don't
worry about the tax policy discussion
we're gonna have soon there's no don't
worry about that class action stuff that
happened last night what's going on in
each chair who cares let's talk about a
Larry Clinton and so just understand
this like we cover all of these stories
the Heller Clinton dossier thing the
Trump stuff the cameras analytic oh we
talk about all of it but there are
people for whom this is not a story this
is a tool is the most effective tool
they can come up with to protect Donald
Trump and distract you from the things
that he's doing and that's why Sean
Hannity will talk about nothing else for
the next 35 years that's why Fox News
it's covered their front page yes bear
that in mind and to be doubly fair I
don't think I'd care that much about the
Cambridge analytic a story either that's
why I only made one
document everyone graphic out yeah it
merits that much of a mention yeah they
were trying to get dirt on Hillary now
theoretically that could have involved
being complicit in a crime if they had
worked with WikiLeaks to steal the
documents that could be a cyber crime I
but that didn't happen first of all they
didn't have the documents and there was
a stolen yeah but they didn't know that
when he reached out yeah and so it
didn't happen is not Russia and so if
you're reaching out to some form of the
press to see if they have documents it's
not that big a deal exactly although
other fox didn't even measure yeah yeah
look do you just need to understand that
there's a reason that this is not just a
mention like this and the uranium thing
that is their shield for Donald Trump
throughout the rest of at least his big
policy push over the next six months
perhaps for his whole first term the
Republicans in Congress have decided
that Donald Trump did not in fact win
the last election Hillary Clinton won
the election and they're gonna take her
down yeah all the discussion about
Hillary Clinton is enormous Lee
irrelevant what like you what are you
gonna attack her in her cave she's not
the president she's not relevant as much
as if her team influences DNC that is
relevant yes but in regards to the
government it says no relevance at all
and so and it is meant as a distraction
100 percent and they were repeated a
thousand times and that's what they do
they'll do a thousand things wrong and
then they'll take one thing from the
other side and repeat it over and over
again until you created a false
equivalency and well I seems like they
just gave away a couple trillion dollars
and only to the rich and actually might
have raised taxes on the middle class
and the poor but don't talk about that
because dust yay yeah like but what
happened it doesn't matter baby
Benghazi but what happened in Benghazi
nine different Republican led committees
cleared them of any wrongdoing but I'm
gonna just shout the word and it's like
squirrel because what what yeah tax cuts
for the rich that's what bad I know that
you mentioned it but just because it's a
two-pronged approach all you're gonna
hear out of the right-wing is going to
be the dossier which by the way they're
going to be screwed if it turns out that
that's
is all corroborate this now they're
making a big deal out of it and a lot of
it has actually turned out to be true
but there's also gonna be the uranium
thing
it's amazing how long Sean Hannity can
talk about that story a full hour to
show about that story without you
knowing the most basic facts that
unfortunately for him make it not so
much of a story including the fact that
Russia doesn't actually get any of the
uranium from the deal that Hillary
Clinton was one of only nine department
heads that had to sign off on it
the author who originally broke the
story has no evidence that she ever
intervened personally all of that stuff
and by the way the fact that this isn't
technically news because three of the
four letters and news are new and
there's nothing new about this we knew
every one of these facts almost two
years ago so you have to ask yourself
why is this coming up again I don't
think it's that difficult to find out
why and who it helps for that to be one
of the main topics of discussion in this
country if you like this video you'll
love the whole tu IT Network check it
out at TYT Network comm slash join
