a notorious fashion photographer who has
been accused of sexual assault and in
some instances even rape since 2001 has
finally been blacklisted from some of
the largest fashion magazines in the
country now this photographer is Terry
Richardson and I am gonna go into some
of the unfortunate details of the
accusations against him but recently
there was an email leaked to the press
that was written by the executive vice
president and chief operating officer of
Conde Nast Conde Nast owns a number of
these huge fashion magazines and
essentially the email said we should
probably drop this guy and do so
immediately let me get to the details
so James Woodhouse is the executive that
I was speaking of and he is of course
the head of Conde Nast international the
parent company which publishes editions
of magazines such as vogue Vanity Fair
GQ and glamour he sent an email to his
staff informing them to terminate all
future work contracts with Richardson
now pause before I get to the email the
wording of it keep in mind that these
accusations have been around since 2001
and it wasn't until now 20 17 16 years
later that they have decided to
terminate all contracts with Terry
Richardson and of course this has
everything to do with what's been in the
news recently with Harvey Weinstein and
also Bill O'Reilly so it's just it's
fascinating how they're willing to act
as soon as they realize that it might
hurt their brand now look the Roger
Ailes accusations go back decades
Cosby goes back decades O'Reilly goes
back a long long time six different
settlements etc but in Terry
Richardson's case a lot of it was public
like with Ailes we didn't know the the
settlements have been happening behind
the scenes with Cosby some new and etc
but most people didn't know same thing
with Weinstein here the accusations were
very public for at least three years and
they're like no but we're still making
money so we're okay that's right and now
it's like ah it's kind of tipped over
where it might cost us money
so okay oh right morals
that's what we meant and Terry
Richardson also photographed more than
celebrities I mean he did a photo shoot
with Obama with Oprah Winfrey with all
sorts of people and so he was powerful
you know incredibly powerful within the
photography industry so yeah look you
know I'm are great to stay for the
fashion industry anyway like oh wow he
takes pictures of people like so a white
wall that's tantalizing okay but like
this whole idea of like but every
stories talking about Obama you take a
picture of Obama like it almost seems
like like Oh Harvey Weinstein gave money
to Democrats or you know and Ailes and
O'Reilly the Republicans apologize for
them and bro all right we just disagree
with politics how the hell would Obama
in 2007 when he took that picture know
when that stuff was not at all public at
that time like so do you have to check
the resume and that and then go beyond
the resume and find out allegations
against anyone who takes your picture so
that's mental so let's stop talking
about that yeah yeah by the way I only
mentioned that because of how powerful
Terry Richardson was and hello I know
but everybody's bringing it up that's
why I get it but yeah it's not like
Obama was complicit in any of this or
even knew about any of this when he did
the photo shoot anyway moving on so the
email that was leaked to the press said
the following conde nast would like to
no longer work with the photographer
Terry Richardson any shoots that have
been commissioned or any shoots that
have been completed but not yet
published should be killed and
substituted with other material okay
great finally they're acting on what
people have been pressuring them to act
on for a long time now but you know for
those of you who are wondering what are
some of these allegations well let's go
all the back all the way back to 2001
and this was an allegation by one of the
models that he had done a photo shoot
with here's what she had to say he
wanted me to be completely naked and
pretend to give one of the men a sex act
while he was also naked in 24 years of
modeling I have only walked out once he
made me feel as if I was a prostitute by
the way the other man who she was
allegedly asked to do a sex act on was
one of Richardson's friends not another
model or anything what a coincidence
yeah now
there were also you know some issues
with images that he had taken although
he claims that these images have always
been consensual images include one of
his 20 year old intern in a bin
performing oral sex on Richardson with
the word slut written on her forehead
this is very classic back in 2014 there
was another model who accused him of you
know inappropriate behavior her name she
was only identified as Ana she said that
he had me kind of crouched down on the
floor as I moved around posing then
suddenly I felt his dick pressing into
the side of my face Terry Richardson
semi-hard penis was plunged into the
outside of my cheek and he was jabbing
it into my face he pressed it to my lips
he clearly wanted a blowjob and wanted
it documented on camera and then finally
I want to leave you with a quote from
Terry Richardson during an interview
that he gave back in 2007 here's what he
had to say in regard to models who are
trying to make it in the industry like
I've always said it's not who you know
it's who you blow I don't have a hole in
my jeans for nothing okay gee I wonder
if he did it I can't quite tell
now his Excuse now is a quote I
collaborated with consenting adult women
who were fully aware of the nature of
this work no no no so for some again
some of our articles talked about he
took explicit fashion pictures nobody
cares about that I don't care if he took
porn pictures that's all I care about us
are they consenting are they not
consenting right it is and so if people
came in and they want to take racy
pictures great take racy pictures okay
don't take poor pictures go go I don't
care right I'm not the right wing I
don't believe in big government getting
in the middle of you and your picture
okay on the other hand if you're going
around without asking women and all of a
sudden doing what you described I don't
even want to repeat it right
that is clearly non-consensual that you
can't say well I mean you're in the
fashion business of course you should
expect that if you want to work in
fashion a man is going to jab his penis
into your face like no no the that is
not a collaboration they didn't agree to
that and I think that he just feels
entitled like I work in fashion we're
scumbags not all by
I'm not saying that and as I have
disdain for the so-called art in a lot
of fashion right but I don't think I
hope that this is he's an outlier and
but his way of thinking is hey if you
want to work in fashion you have to
submit to gross men like me who will
then write slut on your forehead after I
have taken advantage of you as an intern
right and even if that woman was
consensual
then I'll humiliate you afterwards and
then I'll brag publicly about how I you
know force you guys into oral sex
otherwise I wouldn't giving you a job
and you wouldn't get had a career this
is not a complicated case and it took
until now to fire her and look the
reason why I think people should be
criticized for for not firing him
earlier is because he had that attitude
because he was emboldened by the fact he
never suffered any consequences there
were never any ramifications for his
actions and so when you send that
message to someone like this then he'll
not only continue doing it he'll do it
more brazenly and that's that's what it
appeared to be that's how we appear to
behave and not even behind the scenes
just openly and and you know with with
no remorse whatsoever
now you can't send women to a photo
shoot with him and and I give them a
warning and not just it's like I don't
care what they do is this consensual
don't care don't care don't care but you
can't send an unsuspecting woman whose
career depends on this and he's a
powerful photographer which is absurd
anyway but fine right and but if their
career depends on it and you know and he
has publicly said I will not give them
anything unless they perform oral sex on
me and you send them in anyway now
that's I think that we had no idea and
you know it's maybe disease and I think
I think I it's weird I also think it's
weirdly naive of us I'm 47 I'm still
this naive in the year 2017 then I'm
shocked by all this like like if you
told me there's a casting couch in
Hollywood in the 1950s I'd say of course
yeah I get it that there's a reason why
that term exists it's edited men abused
their power in the 40s 50s 60s
in Hollywood I would have said yeah I
imagine so right but in the year 2015 16
17 you still in order to work in we've
heard a lot of cases of music in fashion
in movies and news right know if you're
a woman you must give the powerful men
what they want otherwise your career is
over I mean Jesus correct I am so glad
that is the spotlight is being put on it
and this is what leads to equality and
not this abuse of power that these guys
have been doing for decade after decade
so I'm sure that like O'Reilly and all
the rest he'll now be crying about God
and how he's the victim and hiding
behind other people right oh my god
after I abuse all those women and made
all that money and I got all that power
and fame for decade after decade now at
the end I've been caught and slightly
punished boohoo take your boohoo
somewhere else that send us a picture of
your tears Oh zinger okay but well
though will there be a white wall in the
background if there is this gonna be art
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network com /join
