the Government Accountability Office was
commissioned by a bipartisan effort to
reveal exactly how much climate change
is already costing the US government now
this was a study that was requested by
both Democratic and Republican senators
Susan Colin being Susan Collins being
one of the Republican senators who
really wanted to dig into this and
figure out how much this is all costing
the US government
well the GAO found the following the
federal government has spent more than
three hundred fifty billion dollars
billion dollars over the last decade on
disaster assistance programs and losses
from flood and crop insurance this is
all stuff that has been impacted by
climate change right so the extreme
weather conditions
yes storms have always happened but
climate change has exacerbated the
situation crops are suffering and then
on the west coast you also have extreme
drought that again is being exacerbated
by climate change and so the wildfires
have gotten out of control
the extreme weather conditions have
gotten out of control and we as US
taxpayers are already paying the price
as a result now that figure that we just
looked at 350 billion dollars does not
include the recent storms that occur the
storms that occurred in Texas Florida
and Puerto Rico we're just talking about
the last decade of extreme weather
conditions and how much its cost of the
US government yeah and raging wildfires
from this year also not in this
calculation and some of the hardest play
hit places are the red states southeast
is at increased risk of coastal property
damage and could be swamped by storm
surges and sea level rises as Yahoo
points out Midwest and Great Plains are
pretty ler susceptible to decrease crop
yields but keep voting for Republicans
who don't believe in climate change
that's great
and now but the main point I want to
make is the fossil fuel companies sell
product and then they keep all the
profits that make sense you know Nike
makes shoes they keep all the profits
that's that's logical I don't really
brief with that but there is a cost
what they do and they don't want to pay
that cost now wait a minute snot
capitalism that is privatizing the gains
of socializing the losses so part of the
loss and the costs that are involved
here are the ones that we're all paying
so if you're a US taxpayer doesn't
matter what your politics are you pay
that 350 billion dollars that's a
nonpartisan look at what it costs us it
is tracks the storms the severity of the
storms the fires the droughts all that
stuff and says you had to pay 350
billion dollars out of your pocket so I
don't care what your politics is I just
want to ask you did Exxon Mobil send you
a check because they didn't send me a
check maybe they're sending you checks
and I don't know it no no no they kept
all the money they kept all the prophets
and those oil companies are among the
most profitable companies in the world
now again I don't begrudge them that if
there is an extra cost but there is
extra cost and we bear that cost all of
us including you know but it's it's even
worse than that because this by itself
is horrific
right this is terrible we are getting
robbed blind by these oil companies that
stand to profit but what they also get
is huge subsidies from our government
mm-hmm and so they get rewarded by the
government they destroyed the
environment which we suffer from and
then we as you purr-fectly mention have
to pay through taxpayer dollars to
mitigate some of the damage and
destruction caused by extreme weather
conditions and and you know these
wildfires and losses of crops and things
like that and so yeah I mean they they
are winning in more ways than one
while we're suffering and we're paying
the cost of their reckless behavior wolf
dash pack.com you got to get money out
of politics man we're giving them
subsidies to destroy the planet I mean
we haven't even gotten to that and we're
just talking about hard dollar costs
that you like because Republicans
they're like Oh destroying the planet
whatever who cares about my kids right
and it's not your grandkids anymore
we're in climate change or knee-deep in
it so all these storms and fires are not
a coincidence the incredible
temperatures the hottest 16 years have
been in the last 17 years record after
record after record what is it going to
get you through your stake head you're
paying the cost so I know
Republicans only care about money so I'm
explaining it that way plus they're
melting the goddamn planet no but here's
here's another thing to keep in mind yes
overwhelmingly Republicans want to deny
climate change or if they say that it
exists they'll say it's it has nothing
to do with human activity however things
are getting so bad so bad that some
Republicans in Congress are like oh my
god my constituents are really suffering
I think it's time to do something which
is why this was a bipartisan effort okay
again senator Susan Collins was one of
the Republican senators who pushed for
this study to be done so let's look at
in the future what is likely to happen
if we don't act immediately which we
probably won't the report predicts that
these costs will only grow in the future
potentially reaching a budget-busting
thirty-five billion dollars a year by
2050 let's hear from Susan Collins she
said the following this nonpartisan GAO
report senator Cantwell and I requested
contains astonishing numbers about the
consequences of climate change for our
economy and for the federal budget in
particular in Maine our economy is
inextricably linked to the environment
we are experiencing a real change in the
sea life which has serious implications
for the livelihoods of many people
across our state including those who
work in our iconic lobster industry yeah
people are starting to feel it and so
it's it's ironic that she mentions the
economy and jobs because the argument
that we hear time and time again from
those on the right is what we can't do
anything about climate change it's gonna
cause people jobs no no not doing
something about climate change is going
to cost people their livelihoods and
we're already seeing it happen right now
by the way the numbers there don't add
up to be fair they because 350 billion
dollars we spend on the last thing
that's already 35 billion a year that's
my point about your in climate change
they say by 2050 whereas a spent 35
billion a year it's no we just spent 35
billion dollars a year in the last ten
years look you don't need my stupid
anecdotal evidence and and you see the
storms and me says what you see the
temperatures you see hard empirical data
but I'm telling you right now on top of
all that which it's been a hundred
degrees the last couple of days and
West LA here when I moved to LA just 15
years ago it never got to be a hundred
degrees in West LA now in late October
in not in the valley not in inland in
West LA near the water it's a hundred
degrees over and over and over again
we're melting the fucking planet and
there's no sense of emergency and what
is Trumpler moron say Oh think it's a
hoax by the Chinese we have a mentally
deficient person in office you got to
get him out and we got to save whatever
we can salvage of the planet when the
ice caps melts and the methane is
released it gets way way worse we cannot
undo it help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
