Jeff Flake is the senator from Arizona
along with John McCain of course John
McCain is retiring because of health
conditions Jeff Flake is now retiring
because of Donald Trump he announced
today that he is out and he explained
that part of the reason is because
Donald Trump is so reprehensible that he
couldn't stomach backing him anymore
and as I will show you a little bit
later in the numbers not backing down Oh
Trump has cost them any chance of
actually winning which is the most
interesting part of this story so first
of all flakes says they they may not be
a place for a Republican like me in the
current Republican climate or the
current Republican Party meaning I'm a
decent person and Republican voters are
now monstrous along with the president
and I will again back that out with
numbers in a sec for you guys but he's
saying no I I can't run on based on on
this level of fear and hatred and if I
don't I lose so flake said he has not
soured on the Senate and loves the
institution but that as a traditional
libertarian leaning conservative
Republican he is out of step with
today's Trump dominated GOP and he says
this this spell will pass but not by
next year meaning I am definitely going
to lose again numbers on that in a
second but first I want you to hear his
powerful speech on the floor of the
Senate denouncing Donald Trump and the
turn that the Republican Party is taken
with them let's watch it is time for our
complicit complicity and our
accommodation of the unacceptable to end
in this century a new phrase has entered
the language to describe the
accommodation of a new and undesirable
order that phrase being the new normal
but we must never adjust to the present
coarseness of our national dialogue with
the tone said at the top we must never
regard as normal the regular and casual
undermining of our democratic norms and
ideals we must never meekly except the
daily sundrian of our country the
personal attacks the threats against
principles freedoms and institution the
flagrant disregard
truth and decency the reckless
provocations most often for the pettiest
and most personal reasons reasons having
nothing whatsoever to do with the
fortunes of the people that we have been
elected to serve
none of these appalling features of our
current politics should ever be regarded
as normal
we must never allow ourselves to lapse
into thinking that that is just the way
things are now if we simply become a
newer to this condition
thinking that is just that is just
politics as usual then heaven help us
without fear of the consequences and
without consideration of the rules of
what is politically safe or palatable we
must stop pretending that the
degradation of our politics and the
conduct of some in our executive branch
are normal they are not normal reckless
outrageous and undignified behavior has
become excused and countenanced as
telling it like it is when it is
actually just reckless outrageous and
dignified and undignified a sitting
Republican senator calling a vote and
president reckless undignified dangerous
and this should not be normal look these
are amazing times nowhere near normal
because we have this demagogue of a
president now driving out any semblance
of moderation from his own party he will
replace corker and flake and McCain
eventually if he stays in charge with
other monsters that are even worse and
by the way I say even worse because Jeff
Flake is not your friend if you're a
progressive Jeff Flake votes with the
Republicans almost every time Jeff Flake
was considered a radical right winger
not that long ago you know it was just
even six years ago it flake was way
right-wing now Donald Trump is so
monstrously right-wing that flake is
gone whoa
what is this this is not a forget a
progressive Jeff Flake is not anywhere
near moderate I you know before Donald
Trump I have never seen him stand up and
say hey wait a minute now I am NOT going
to vote for more taxes or more war or
defy the Republican Party orthodoxy in
any way whatever the donors wanted Jeff
Flake would give them but he's saying
even for him this is way way beyond
normal and these are now all in unison
george w bush john mccain flake corker
all warning you you don't understand
we know this guy the people we know the
people working with them and danger to
the world wake up if we don't heed these
warnings later when his stories look
back we won't be able to say oh well we
couldn't have seen it coming nobody
warned us you just saw the warning and
there's more here's four more from blake
it is often said that children are
watching while they are and what are we
going to do about that when the next
generation asks us why didn't you do
something why didn't you speak up what
are we going to say mr. president i rise
today to say enough were the shoe on the
other foot
we republicans would we republicans
meekly accept such behavior on display
from dominant democrats of course we
wouldn't and we would be wrong if we did
when we remain silent and failed to act
when we know that silence and inaction
is the wrong thing to do because of
political considerations because we
might make enemies because we might
alienate the base because we might
provoke a primary challenge because ad
infinitum ad nauseam when we succumb to
those considerations in spite of what
should be greater considerations and
imperatives in defense of our
institutions and our liberty we dishonor
our principles and forsake our
obligations
those things are far more important than
politics
look that's part of the problem here
that the gentlemen are being driven out
as right-wingers Jeff Flake policy
positions are areas in a nice suit
giving a nice speech talking about
forsaking our obligations using words
like ad nauseam and ad infinitum words
that Donald Trump has never known or
understood or could possibly utter and
his message is not resonating with
Republican voters he talked about hey
we're all worried about alienating the
base why do you think that is Jeff
because you created a base that is safe
I keep saying it because it's true
filled filled with fear and loathing and
so then when you turn around and you
look at the base and the base you look
at the abyss and the abyss looks back at
you you're like oh that's really really
really scary well that's the one you
created so thank you for speaking out on
your way out we appreciate that and it
is a hearty an important warning and I
give him credit for that
at the same time we wish you hadn't
created that base in the first place
with 40 50 years of fear-mongering okay
more quotes from flake he said the path
that I would have to travel to get to
the Republican nomination is a path I'm
not willing to take and that I can't in
good conscience take meaning that
Republican voters are way meaner than I
am
they're filled with far more hatred than
I am and that's true and I will get to
those numbers in just a sec he said it
would require me to believe in positions
I don't hold now such issues as trade
and immigration and it would require me
to condone behavior that I cannot
condone so look again I don't agree with
Jeff Flake on issues of trade or even
immigration I think he's to right-wing
on immigration and they are way to the
right of him on trade I think he agrees
with the establishment Democrats and I
don't agree with either one of those
guys but more important than those
specific policy issues and he knows this
is the tone the tone is oh it's it's the
immigrants that are causing all the
problems we got a bad the Muslims oh the
gates shouldn't have the same rights as
we do how dare they get married just
like straight people and the list goes
on and on and that is a tone has driven
Jeff Flake out of politics uh so here's
another portion of
speech now I'm aware that more
politically savvy people that I will
caution against such talk I am aware
that there's a segment of my party that
believes that anything short of complete
and unquestioning loyalty to a president
who belongs to my party is unacceptable
and suspect if I have been critical it
is not because I relish criticizing the
behavior of the President of the United
States if I have been critical it is
because I believe it is my obligation to
do so
and as a matter and duty of conscience
the notion that one should stay silent
and as the norms and values that keep
America strong or undermined and as the
alliances and agreements and ensure the
stability of the entire world are
routinely threatened by the level of
thought that goes into a hundred and
forty characters the notion that we
should say or do nothing in the face of
such mercurial behavior is a historic
and I believe profoundly misguided
mercurial behavior and tolerating it is
a historic man no wonder these guys are
getting out of town by the way you're on
this speech you are right Jeff Flake but
why don't you go out there and say the
guy's a monster and people inside the
White House are telling me he could
create just like workers saying World
War three at any moment he's completely
unstable
wakie wakie okay but I look as
gentlemanly as he is on his way out I
I'll take it at least it's a clear clear
warning so is he right that he he would
have lost and that the basis turned on
him yes let me show you the poll numbers
from AMC analytics in polling in Arizona
do you approve or disapprove of the job
performance of President Donald Trump
well the P the Republicans and their
polling likely Republican voters here in
Arizona are very clear 76% approve of
Trump they've seen all that the monster
is and they love it only twenty one
percent disapproved three percent no
opinion do you have a favorable or
unfavorable
you know Jeff Flake only 22 percent
favorable not interested in the
gentleman from Arizona boo
get out of here somebody give me a
pitchfork 67 percent unfavorable he's a
gonner he's leaving now because he would
have definitely lost in a primary next
question do you think that Senator Jeff
Flake should be the Republican nominee
in next year's Senate race or would you
favor someone else only 22% 1re
nominated flake 66% say someone else and
then he actually has an opponent already
Kelly Ward they asked about that at the
Republican primary lecture for the US
Senate were held today which candidate
would you support flake at only 21%
Kelly warded 47% he he is right he was
definitely going to lose two more
questions for this poll because I found
him interesting if President Trump were
to make an endorsement in the Republican
US Senate primary would you be more or
less likely to support the candidate he
endorses 56 percent more likely 19
percent less likely in other words yes
we trust that buffoonish monster in the
White House way more than we trust Jeff
Flake yes we would take his thoughts and
opinions very seriously yes we like him
when he says terrible things about
Mexicans great US Republican voters we
agree when he says terrible things about
Muslims gays women you name it US
Republican voters in Arizona by 3 to 1
margin agree they agree they like Trump
in a one flake they don't want someone
who is going to push for I can't call
moderate I know Jeff Flake he's not a
Matta for just simply really right-wing
positions you have to be really
right-wing plus monstrous but one note
of optimism from the poll they asked
these are likely Republican orders what
is your age 2% are 18 to 34 20 % of 35
to 54 26% are 55 to 64
52% are 65 or older
52% a majority of the Republican voters
in Arizona are retired so keep on being
monstrous and I've got all days women
knew their place the gay okay for now
Jeff Flake is gone and Donald Trump
reign supreme at least among Republican
voters but soon for all of you guys
there will be a moment where we wish you
good night and good luck
but not much of it help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
