Roy Moore is now the monstrous candidate
for the Republicans in Alabama he won in
a primary against the so-called
establishment candidate Luther Strange
who's already plenty disastrously
right-wing enough but Roy Moore is off
the chart and and he's been kicked off
the Alabama Supreme Court in the past
because he does not understand that this
is not Saudi Arabia we are not a
theocracy
we are not ruled by your religion we're
not ruled by your sect or your
particular strain of Christianity
we're not ruled by that we're ruled by a
constitution these are what what's the
Constitution I don't like a suture hi
Bible and a good Republican voters of
Alabama who by the way recently about a
quarter of them said that whites and
blacks should not be allowed to marry
that was in a primary polling done in
2012 so get a sense of Republican voters
in Alabama like Oh Roy Moore doesn't
believe in the US Constitution doesn't
believe in separation of church and
state that we shall not establish a
religion just like it says the
Constitution yeah who cares about the
u.s. a lot more or give us more so
that's Roy Moore I bring you his story
today because he's about to say
something unbelievable okay so now to be
fair this is from an interview from last
year this is after he got kicked off to
Alabama Supreme Court and where he was a
chief justice and he went on a podcast
called here I stand run by a
conservative Christian emergency leak I
didn't know there was an emergency for
Christians in America I thought they
were the overwhelming majority but
apparently they're in an emergency a
wide because of the gays are coming to
gays oh it's an emergency what if we're
actually attracted to them
so here's Roy Moore on that podcast I
was simply pointing out in 1857 the
United States Supreme Court did rule
that black people were property and of
course that contradicted the
Constitution and it took a civil war
overturning but this ruling in a burqa
fell is even worse in a sense because it
forces not only
people to recognize marriage other than
that the institution ordained of God and
recognize about nearly every state in
the Union it says that you now must do
away with the definition of marriage and
make it between two persons of the same
gender or leading on as one of the
dissenting justices said - polygamy -
multi married partner marriages we've
got to go back and recognize that what
they did in the burka fell was not only
to take and create a right it does not
exist under the Constitution but then to
mandate it that right compels Christians
to give up their religious freedom and
liberty so he's talking about two cases
there and I want to be very clear what
one that he keeps referring to is over
fell and that is where the Supreme Court
recently decided that yes gay Americans
have the same rights as straight
America's oh and Roy was shocked and
chagrined why can't we discriminate why
can't we legislate hate why do we have
to treat all Americans as equal he
doesn't like that because he thinks even
though it says that everybody should be
equal under the law in our Constitution
that is super super clear now I don't
want them to be equal my interpretation
of my strand of my Bible says that I
should hate the gays why doesn't the
Supreme Court let me hate the gays so he
says that decision is worse than Dred
Scott in Dred Scott the Supreme Court
ruled that life people were not human he
says because you won't let us
discriminate against gays that is worse
than saying that blacks are not human
Wow okay that's who this guy is so let
me give you the background on why he got
kicked off the court in the first place
and then he's not done and then he's
gonna bring in the Holocaust Oh
literally for God's sake
all right the background is is
Huffington Post explains here more who
in 2015 was Alabama's chief justice
order the state judges to defy the
Supreme Court ruling over fell versus
Hodges
gay marriage and he continued to enforce
Alabama's ban on same-sex marriage
the stance ultimately led to Moore's
removal from the Alabama Supreme Court
the what they were forced to remove him
because he said I refused to uphold the
Constitution I refused to uphold the
Supreme Court ruling so well that's our
system of government that's the rule of
law you say I don't care my Bibles
better let's play hard my Bibles back
better than your Constitution all right
they live in the Vatican or Saudi Arabia
or Iran go live in a theocracy but
that's not what we do here and then he
went and said at a different time could
I do this
meaning follow this law saying that gay
people are actually equal to straight
people if I were a Nuremberg say that I
was following the orders of the highest
authority to kill Jews could I say that
I was ordered to do so what a reporter
reminded more than the that the
Nuremberg trials were about killing
humans not gay marriage more responded
is there a difference yes yes there's a
giant giant difference okay so look we
in the outrage that Moore doesn't think
you know oh my god the Holocaust I mean
I'm not sometimes people make me bake a
cake for gays I guess that's the same
thing as murdering six million Jews oh
the flippancy of that is unreal oh yeah
blacks are not human who cares
they made me bake a cake it's a gay
people are the same as straight people
that's the same as saying bless or
non-human okay okay that's one part the
other part of it is hey Roy Moore could
you please get the fuck out of our
bedrooms what are you doing there I
thought you were for small government
bullshit no Roy Moore is for giant
government Roy Moore's a pervert who
wants to be in your bedroom oh no no not
that position no no not with him put
that in there okay go ahead and go oh
yeah now give it to her okay
Roy Moore I don't want your big
government I don't want you sneaking
into our bedrooms like a pervert when
you're a senator
and watching over our sex acts see what
do you know who do you love I don't want
you to love that person get the fuck out
of our lives you're not a conservative
you're not a libertarian you're
certainly not an American you might have
out of luck been born in the right place
at the right time but you don't believe
in this country you want to be a mullah
you are the American Taliban and you're
also deeply obsessed with our sex lives
why do you care if someone loves someone
else why do you want to prevent that
love because you're a terrible terrible
human being why do you not focus on the
righteous part of your religion why do
you not focus on the Sermon on the Mount
why are you not obsessed with serving
the poor the needy why are you obsessed
this set with a hateful part of your
religion because you want to control our
lives
and so you can say all these things and
if people like some apparently a lot of
Republicans in Alabama love it you're
like oh I love big government and I want
to get inside everybody's bedrooms and
control everything they do you can do
that and I'm obviously you wanna be
mentally disagree with you and yes I'm
gonna call you out American that's what
you are if you voted for Roy Moore and
you know all this stuff yes you are
deeply on American you should move to a
different country and get the fuck out
of here because you don't believe in our
Constitution but on top of that what you
are definitely not ever allowed to say
again is that you are not for big
government because you were formed
monstrously large government one more
time get the fuck out of our bedrooms
Young Turks if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
