bob Corker is outgoing senator from
tennessee he is republican and deeply
right-wing i don't agree with him on 98%
of issues and he is part of the
republican establishment i am no fan of
theirs I fight them day in and day out
but now that he is not running for
re-election and he is free he has
decided that for the betterment of the
country he's going to speak out against
Donald Trump and boy he is not shy about
it so this is not to say that I backed
the Republican establishment I do not
and I have great great bones to pick
with them but at least this one guy
since he's not up for reelection anymore
is speaking a little bit of truth to
this particular power which is the
demagogue of Donald Trump so without
further ado here is senator bob Corker
when you look at the fact that we've got
this issue in North Korea and the
president continues to kneecap his
diplomatic representative the Secretary
of State and really move him away from
successful diplomatic negotiations with
China which is key to this you're taking
on us take us taking us on a path to
combat on a path to combat kneecapping
his own Secretary of State but he's just
getting warmed up he did three different
giant interviews today and of course
Trump responded we'll get to that in a
second but more from the first interview
I would just like for him to leave it to
the professionals for a while and see if
we can do something that's constructive
for our country the region and the world
now normally I wouldn't agree because I
think the professionals have led us to
war after war and I have a very very
very little faith in them if any on the
other hand in this case the alternative
is Donald Trump who's a wild egomaniac
completely indifferent to other people's
lives and God knows what he'll do with
North Korea or Iran so the only time
that I would ever trust the
establishment over someone else is when
that someone else is Donald Trump and
this is a member of the Republican Party
going watch out he is way more dangerous
than you realize keep it going left to
his own devices do you think the
president is a threat to national
security
I think that there are people around him
that work in an effort to contain him
the purpose of the question if he needs
to be contained publicly when you
kneecap your Secretary of State whose
diplomacy you have to depend upon to
really bring China to the table to do
the things that need to be done
back-channeling in some cases to North
Korea
when unique at that effort so you really
move our country into a binary choice
which could lead to a world war so yes I
want him to support diplomatic efforts
not embarrass and really malign efforts
that are underway to try to try to get
some kind of diplomatic solution so he
is out of control yes doubling down from
a couple of weeks ago when he said he
could his actions could lead to World
War three he is destabilizing this is
basically a very right-wing member of
his own party saying you have no idea
how stupid and unbalanced he is we have
got to get a hold of him and control of
him because he you have you don't know
what he's capable of doing because
corpora is not deciding this on his own
and outside of the White House he has
talked to all those people in the White
House this chief of staff the Secretary
of State the defense secretary he's
talked to all of them they are using him
as a conduit for watch out you don't
understand we deal with this guy every
day the guy is nuts that's the message
that corker is delivery he is not a
Democrat he is not anyone's liberal he
ran arguably ads with definite racial
undertones at a minimum against Harold
Ford jr. in his own race okay so this is
not a guy who's shy about being
massively right-wing and appealing to
the base and he is saying you don't get
it
this isn't about be appealing to the
base this guy is unstable it's not
anywhere near done keep it going
his leadership and just his stability
and
the lack of desire to be competent on
issues and understand and you know I
have nothing has changed his desire to
be competent on issues is not there I
told you what did I tell you during the
election I get a hundred loser Donald
segments to impress upon you that the
guy has no competence
he's a total nincompoop he's an
incompetent buffoon and now you've got
Republican senators saying the same
thing because he's totally out of
control one more here we're in the
campaign at the beginning of his
administration you supported the
president do you regret that now well
what do you think look it I think people
look I think there were many people I
was one of those that hope that you know
he would rise to the occasion as
president and aspire to to lead our
nation instead of dividing it and you
know it's obvious his his political
model and governing model is to divide
he is not leading our nation he is
dividing us so that's by the way
under-counter that's three interviews or
he's gonna do it one later with CNN as
well actually one more clip from a the
ABC interview you know it's a sad place
from my perspective for our nation and I
think that the worst of it is gonna be
just the poll the base and if you will
of our nation I think that'll be the
contribution that hurts our nation most
the president stood facing the nation I
don't think there's any question but
that's the case just in the way that he
conducts himself and
and goes to such a low level just I do
Wow a Republican senator saying the
Republican president is debasing our
nation there's no question that he's
debasing the country but this is not
normal
this never happens in my lifetime I have
never seen this we're sitting member
senators from one the president's party
go out and say that that president from
their own party is so bad they are
dividing the country not bringing the
country together they are debasing the
nation and all the other insults and
they are unstable and endanger the world
and might start World War three and that
is armed with information from inside
the White House another quote here from
HuffPost when asked if he would support
Donald Trump in another election the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Chairman said quote no way now of course
the Empire Strikes Back so Donald Trump
having seen this is that perplexing and
grabs his tweeter machine right away
exact time for some tweets I'll show him
so here comes Donald Trump by the way
before we get to this this is his effort
to show that no bob Corker is not
correct
I'm very stable let's see how this goes
bob Corker who helped President Obama
give us a bad Iran deal and couldn't get
elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now
fighting tax cuts okay
let's tell you all the different ways
that that is wrong first of all there
was a procedural vote that bob Corker
voted with the Democrats on on the Iran
deal he eventually voted no on the Iran
deal that's why I told you bob Corker is
not your friend he's not your ally he's
only an ally in this specific
circumstance he has voted the wrong way
in almost every instance and if you're a
Republican you love Bob workers voting
record I couldn't get elected dog
catcher in Tennessee well actually he's
the senator from Tennessee so that seems
to be a little bit incorrect as well to
say the least and he's now fighting tax
cuts no way Bob poker
loves tax cuts for the rich he's a
Republican he just like but your plan
leaves a 1 and a half trillion dollar
hole and deficit and he'll probably even
vote for that okay so everything he said
there was wrong of course and in and
attacking the senator as well not to be
fair to Trump he is counter-attacking in
this very rare instance he usually
starts the fight in this case corker did
okay
fair's fair but still not showing a lot
of stability here Donald Trump then goes
on to say corker dropped out of the race
in Tennessee when I refused to endorse
him and it and now is only negative on
anything Trump look at his record okay
no his record is voting with you
overwhelmingly but he's worried about
the foreign policy and that you might
actually launch nukes because you were
monumentally stupid and don't understand
the consequences of your actions in
reality he votes with you almost every
time he did drop out of the Tennessee
race but not because Trump wouldn't
endorse something in fact he dropped out
and then that's when Trump first got mad
at him Trump then goes on to say isn't
it sad that lightweight senator bob
Corker who couldn't get reelected in the
great state of Tennessee will now fight
tax cuts Plus okay again not almost none
of that is true he he is not running for
reelection that is the only part that is
true and and corker says this guy is
unstable Trump goes wrong bob Corker I'm
gonna get you and then when corkers
asked about to respond to these heat
tweets out same untruths from an utterly
untruthful precedent hashtag alert the
day care staff and that as a reference
he said that to Trump being abided by an
adult day care in the White House that's
what's happening okay look but at the
same time they created this Trump aside
the Republicans fed their base with the
Southern Strategy and hey we're against
gay people don't let them get married
don't give them rights african-americans
as well we've got a restrictive voting
through ID laws and and you know first
of all that's today for 4050 years
we're gonna restrict them in every
imaginable way through the Southern
Strategy
we're against affirmative action were
against and even back when furtive
action first got started
and I can go on and on and Latinos were
against the immigrants and it were
against the dreamers and you created
this base that was filled with fear and
hatred and then when a trumpet sign
arose from that base you shouldn't be
overly surprised so as much as I
appreciate bob Corker act doing the
patriotic thing and trying to warn the
country you don't know how dangerous
this guy is let us also recognize that
he is among the people who created that
trumpet Stein okay now on the issue of
truthfulness or not we go back back to
bob Corker for a sports interview now
watch you've called the president
utterly untruthful are you saying he's a
liar you know we we just haven't used
that word in our family but you know
obviously I mean although you guys can
easily check just what's occurred and
know that much of what he said is untrue
but all of it time for them you said
he's an untruthful president yeah no
question yeah no question I mean I don't
we grew up in our family not using the l
word okay and but yeah I just I mean
there provable untruth so I I don't know
it's it's amazing unfortunately I think
world leaders are very aware that much
of what he says is untrue so I think
people here are because these things are
provably untrue I mean just they're just
factually incorrect and people know the
difference so I don't know why lowers
himself to such a low low standard and
the basis our country in the way that he
does but he does the president of the
United States a liar
the president has great difficulty with
the truth on many issues again that is
not from an opposing party man that's
the same party saying our president has
great difficulty with the truth one last
clip from the CNN interview shooting is
a role model to children
States no you don't know absolutely not
absolutely not all right but believe it
or not he's not done yet I have more
quotes from bob Corker that i'm gonna
read to you again this is all absolutely
unprecedented okay he says you would
think that he would inspire be the
President of the United States and act
like a president of the United States
you know that's just not going to be the
case apparently and it's up to others
who serve an elective capacity whether
they're governor's or mayor's or
senators to try to conduct themselves in
a manner that is more becoming of a
leader he obviously is not up to that
Dam he went on to say I've had multiple
occasions where the staff has asked me
to please intervene he was getting ready
to do something that was really off the
tracks that I wanted to make sure I got
that in because so you guys understand
the people that work with Donald Trump
inside the White House they're the ones
giving the warning he is off the tracks
by God whatever you do try to get him
back on the tracks because there's no
telling what this buffoon in the White
House will actually order us to do that
is what cork was trying to do get the
country back on track and I believe me
I'm the most surprised that bob Corker
is the guy who would do the right thing
and the patriotic thing in this instance
to try to reel Trump a sign back in now
that he's rampaging throughout the
village last quote from corker he says
I've seen no evolution in an upward way
as a matter of fact I would say it
appears to me that it's almost devolving
not almost completely every day gets
worse and we keep on going about our
lives as if everything is fine
everything is not fine
at any second Donald Trump can do
something that will change the world for
the worse and if it involves war as I
told you on election night brace for
impact
this guy has no idea what he's doing
almost everyone in the White House and
now almost all the Republican senators
know that that is the case that is why
they're sending out people like bob
corker and
McCain and George W Bush and now Jeff
Flake today as well saying watch out you
guys are getting it he is totally
incompetent and a complete danger to the
world the last thing I'd like to hear
from these guys is we're sorry for
creating a monster like this that would
be a nice addition help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm slash join
