innocent people are being locked up than
people that are detained are not
criminals the explosive growth of a
system of immigrant detention centers
that few Americans know anything about
what we're hearing is horrible I want my
daddy back forced to work for a dollar
day or less which is a clear violation
of anti-slavery laws this is not
criminal cusses that's someone who's
been convicted of a crime immigrant
detainees awaiting deportation have
routinely received substandard health
care poor food unsanitary water and
unhygenic conditions a privately
operated for-profit facilities and
people are going to die we already have
people die in in detention centers
throughout the nation shares in the two
largest private prison stocks jumped up
November 9th the morning after Donald J
Trump was elected president they're
profiting off the misery of human beings
guards with little to no training are
kicking hitting sexually assaulting
people in immigration detention in
California there were 4500 complaints of
sexual assault or physical abuse but the
federal government investigated only 45
of these complaints
the important thing legally is that this
is civil custody this is not criminal
cus is not someone who's been convicted
of a crime this is someone who's just
being held for the government's
convenience so that the person's
available through the let this young
parent which already Simoes so4 come s
commune sequester pero lega one day
you're sent email in the Lord mass
weapons when Adelanto por los de Bracy
por la Sonia's use
hyuna video Esprit a lady held Amira's
young como eres el agua reiha-sama me
token sexualmente human three important
a nasty-looking in space por que no
quiero joseph read yo Killa where
weapons boil water is what disturbs me
the most is the knowledge that these
women came to the United States
believing that the United States was a
beacon of safety for them
almost ass get trances see all this
stuff for here Frenchie somehow get back
up your buddy this is America you gonna
take down with histogram I said grandma
I wore my black I feel like this
my name is Sylvester we know I'm from
Kenya I spent nine years four months in
immigration detention
which is a crazy thing that somebody can
be held in civil detention for as long
as 10 years or more just because they're
fighting their case just because they
believe they have a reat legal reason
not to be returned as mr. Alejo has it
would be dangerous to his life to go
back to Kenya
I had two days telling them that I was
dying I could feel myself dying I
couldn't even stay up no more how many
months after your injury were you detail
about six month they're gonna write I
remember you disappeared you had a big
bad complication which is when when you
almost died from urosepsis which means a
urinary tract infection they get so bad
that it affects your whole body two
weeks went by without seeing doctor and
I was telling trying to notify them the
infection had reached my kidneys and my
bloodstream my body was shutting down
they were just ignoring my requests they
were ignoring me ignoring the ignore me
they finally took me to the high desert
the hospital once I got there when the
doctor said that if I were to wait at
least two to three more days and I could
have died the denial of medical care at
immigration detention facilities is
routine this is not just some sick
people anecdotally if you take them all
together they show a bureaucracy that
offers many immigrants no care or faulty
administrative practices sloppy
paperwork lost medical records and very
dangerous staffing levels a detention
center physician's assistant failed to
recognize that don tikka was in serious
trouble
I told him to quote stop faking his
episodes that he was complaining of loss
of feeling and extremities more problems
psychological Sanchez died of a staph
infection after a delayed medical care
obviously what you've just described an
outlined in your report is absolutely
horrific we're talking about inmates
getting treated with broken bones with
just painkillers since the creation of
the Department of Homeland Security
and ice in 2003 there have been over a
hundred and seventy reported deaths and
immigration detention geonbae Carlos
Roberto Medina
Boubacar bah
Neri Romero Yusuf Osman Alvarez
Yong Yong
wrongful death lawsuits have been filed
against CCA and geo group as well as
class-action lawsuits for forced labor
and immigration detention
and those that work get paid a dollar a
day detainees must clean their own
selves their own pods the bathrooms cook
in the kitchen cleaned in the medical
facilities was a porter for chemicals
paint the walls if they refuse they'd be
in lockdown they've had privileges taken
away this is a for-profit person and
what difference you think this makes
they're being sued under anti-slavery
laws two central violations the first is
a violation of the forced labor
protections in the trafficking Victims
Protection Act and the second is a
violation that led to Gio's unjust
enrichment on the backs of its captive
workforce it's not much of a choice if
food is inadequate most choose to work
for a dollar a day in order to afford
commissary prices the commissary is
expensive people think I need to eat
something I need to work so we knew they
were making profit off us
welcome poquito eat together
collaborative India I think a lot of
people in the general public don't
understand the impact not just on
people's psyches but on their physical
well-being and people are found to be
systematically malnourished detention
centers are starving people into working
in order to then cut staff salaries
well I talked to medical workers doctors
physicians assistants nurses who said
that they were pressed to cut costs to
cut down on the number of 911 calls
maybe because if they were expensive the
main way that they save money is through
staffing costs they had less less mental
health staff if they sent a prisoner out
for medical care they had to bear that
cost so there's you know a lot of
resistance to sending prisoners out to
the hospital this problem has been found
throughout CCA's state and federal
prisons CCA and NGO both you know
started operating prisons in the 1980s
in 1980 Ronald Reagan campaigned and won
on a fear of immigrants
soon after private prison contracts were
formed with CCA receiving its first
contract profiting from locking up
immigrants in the past 20 years CCA and
geo group have made over 12 billion
dollars the bulk of it from private
immigrant prisons they called it a
recession proof industry the CCA
businessmen knew you could sell prisons
just like you were selling cars or real
estate for hamburgers
the geo group is the world leader in the
delivery of private correctional and
detention management's and other
diversified services to federal state
and local government agencies geo
success around the world has been
achieved by our highly trained workforce
ANCA is a owner/operator of jails prison
detention centers in the United States
it's not for everybody who work in these
type of Silla teas one of the real perks
of my job to see them working day in and
day out providing great service to our
government parties
after the DOJ announced Thursday that it
would no longer use private prisons
stock prices for Corrections Corporation
of America and geo both plunged about 40
percent after the Trump administration
came into power the private prison stock
went through the roof stocks for private
Corrections company core civic rose 43
percent the biggest leap of any other
company on the market geo group rose 21
percent I think there are several things
that we could look forward to as a
company in the next year first of which
is immigration they've increased the
budget for immigration detention and
this number is only going to increase if
we continue to allow private prisons to
influence legislation as they've done
his business for profit what's good for
business for them is great recidivism
rate three-strikes-you're-out laws
mandatory minimums harsh and drug laws
that's good for business for the private
person company I feel like they've
locked up as many of african-americans
in this community and now they're going
after the immigrants people in detention
are not being held there for the
commission of a crime what are your
recommendations for how these facilities
should be addressed I think the very
first step is we get rid of private
corporations for running these detention
facilities this is a system that's wrong
and we need to abolish it we know we're
in danger but we're not gonna be afraid
they want us to go back to the shadows
they want us to be quiet in what we say
no we're gonna continue speaking up
because if we don't things are gonna get
worse freedom is non-negotiable
and so when you look at how quickly
something changed between one day and
the next
it also can give you hope for what can
happen in the future
