now you all know that hurricane Harvey
had Houston pretty hard and Texas
overall and so now there's relief
efforts still after all this time
there's a lot of cleanup to do and a lot
of things to put back together and it
affects a lot of the towns and cities in
that area and they're gonna need some
relief and so luckily there's folks that
are bringing that relief but it turns
out in one case there is a really
bizarre caveat that goes along with it
the this is according to law news the
city of Dickinson Texas released on
Monday a new application for relief
funds to rebuild homes and businesses
great but it includes wording in which
applicants promise not to boycott Israel
what what does that have anything to do
with the hurricane what does that mean
you with Texas what are we talking about
here all right are these folks is saying
oh I know your house and your family
were devastated and we'll give you some
money but just make sure that you're not
allowed to speak out against Israel from
now on what other country would this be
okay for now remember though you're not
allowed to criticize Nicaragua what is
that related to this let alone the fact
that that's unconstitutional which is
what we're gonna get to next so this is
that exact language that was used for
hurricane Harvey repair grant
application and agreement now here's the
warning verification not to boycott
Israel by executing this agreement below
the applicant verifies that the
applicant does not boycott Israel and
will not boycott Israel during the term
of this agreement Wow really appreciate
it it's very clear not only are you not
allowed to exercise your freedom of
speech
right now you will not be allowed to
exercises for as long as this agreement
is in place and you need money to take
care of your family how we got you over
a barrel now don't you dare say anything
about Israel okay now and Andre Segura
for the American Civil Liberties Union
of Texas says the First Amendment
protects America's right to boycott and
the government cannot condition
hurricane relief or
the public benefit on a commitment to
refrain from protected political
expression Dickens's requirement is an
egregious violation of the First
Amendment now law news gives it more
context here they explained the City
Attorney of Dickinson said they were
just following the law according to KTRK
that's the local station down there
governor Greg Abbott signed that statute
in May it stops Texas from doing
business with companies involved in the
boycott divestment sanctions movement
against Israel over the nation's
treatment of Palestinians now you can
have different opinions about whether
that's the right thing to do in regards
to Israel but not if you're in the state
of Texas they're big government doesn't
want you to have your own opinion it's
not interested in your own opinion it
says you must follow Greg Abbott's
opinions
what happened right-wingers I thought
you were against big government this
sounds like it is the definition of big
government and by the way what happened
I thought you were strict
constitutionalist doesn't get any more
constitutional to the First Amendment
and our right to speak our minds freedom
of speech freedom of the press no in the
state of Texas they don't like the
United States Constitution especially a
Republicans like Abbott there don't like
it and they want to take your rights
away and God help you if you're suffered
a devastating hurricane they'll help you
but only as long as you agree to give up
your right to speak against their
favorite countries and again what does
Texas have to do with Israel I don't
know that anybody knows that okay now
this is their text is not the only place
doing it though the ACLU recently sued
over a similar law in Kansas a former
teacher was working on as a contractor
for Kansas Department of Education math
and science partnerships program she
refused to sign of form to certify she
isn't boycotting Israel because of a
church LED boycott of that country
accordingly the state declined the
contractor they took money out of our
pocket because of her political speech
and wait a minute I thought
conservatives were all about don't
interfere with the church
oh so you meant don't interfere with the
church if it's hating gay people then
don't interfere with the church let him
hate the gays let him discriminate
against the gays let him do whatever
they
to the gays oh but you want to speak out
against Israel No then your church has
no rights I don't care about your church
I don't care about your religious
beliefs you will bow your head and if
not you will loose contracts you won't
get relief this is insanity it can't get
any more on American than this and by
the way first ones it's a Eligius oath
which is also not constitutional but
it's not even to our country
it's you're a different country no if
you do not agree with the government of
Sweden well then you will lose all your
contracts in Kansas I don't know what
the position of sweetness and by the way
it's on the issue of occupation again
you might not agree the BDS is the right
way to do it all you might think it's a
wonderful way of pressuring Israel to
end occupation but imagine if sweetness
occupying and other people millions of
people it won't give them their rights
and they feel that that is oppression
and you have a different way to to speak
out against Sweden they said no Kansas
and Texas are obsessed about Sweden and
we will crush your church and your
religious beliefs and I don't care if
you're in the worst kind of shape and
we're pretending to help you with the
hurricane unless you swear allegiance to
Sweden and whatever government they
happen to have either super left-wing
super right-wing it doesn't matter we
bow our heads to Sweden it would be
insanity this is insanity now they went
and tried to find an expert who would
say that this is legal
they found one the Washington Post found
Eugene contour ovitch and Eugene came up
with a really interesting hypothesis let
me read you his claim here he says
refusing to do business is not an
inherently expressive activity as the
Supreme Court held in Rumsfeld versus
fair so he's saying well look the
boycott thing it's not necessarily
speech because I can tie your speech in
your opinions to your refusal to do
business but I this the lady in Kansas
didn't have a business contract a person
is recovering from hurricane Harvey does
not have a pre-existing contract with
the government of Israel
even if it was relevant for Texas and
Kansas to consider that that's not the
situation at hand but there's an extra
twist here so this so-called legal
expert is saying to back up this insane
law now if you are a corporation you're
a human being and you have the right
just speak meaning spend money on
politicians so you're you as a
corporation have the legal right to
basically bribe politicians it's
legalized bribes because you're speaking
as a human but if you're an actual human
you're a human being and a citizen of
the United States you do not have the
right to speak because while you are
speaking you are not doing business with
Israel corruption in America is so
profound so insane that we take these
things that are not remotely believable
by any person and we twist and twist and
twist until you get to the result that
people want and in this case people in
power and people in power have decided
that Israel is untouchable it doesn't
matter if their government is left-wing
it doesn't matter if it's moderate
doesn't matter if it's right-wing it
doesn't matter what it does you are not
allowed to speak out against it it
doesn't matter if you're in Kansas or
Texas or anything else and Church we
never cared about the church the right
wing was lying about your church all
along if the church has opinions that
the right wing does not agree with it
will crush you in your religious beliefs
okay finally let me get to an actual
expert on this Gregory Megerian and he's
a professor on this issue and he says
quote in my view the anti BDS clause in
this application form is grossly
unconstitutional whatever the merits or
demerits of boycotting Israel the
decision of boycott is a matter of First
Amendment rights the government may not
condition benefits on a recipients
agreement to waive or forego
constitutional rights
that's called an unconstitutional
condition and it is clearly unlawful and
that is obvious to anyone who could read
the United States Constitution but if
you need experts
the overwhelming majority of experts
who've actually are professors in
constitutional law experts say of course
this is unconstitutional they the people
in power have decided that they are
going to do topsy-turvy logic on you in
a thousand different ways to Ben you to
their will and it doesn't matter what
situation you're in you're gonna have to
bow your head because we don't live in a
democracy if we lived in a democracy is
the state of Texas in Kansas really
passing laws against your personal
beliefs your constitutional rights your
church beliefs just to protect another
government of course that's not
happening in a democracy but we don't
have a democracy we have a situation
where it's government to the highest
bidder if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
