now recently there's been a lot of drama
at the Democratic National Committee
there's some shake ups by the chair Tom
Perez he removes some members of the
executive committee the Rules Committee
very important committees that might
decide whether anyone but Tom Perez and
a finance person gets to see their
budget now their budget involves
hundreds of millions of dollars and a
lot of that goes to consultants
Democratic consults who are very very
powerful my guess is that those are the
folks that are behind this entire mess
because they've got a lot of money on
the line but Tom Perez is their guy and
and established from back Tom Perez and
so people were removed off you go
James Zogby you've been there for
decades you're gone and and many others
you're chair of the Nebraska Democratic
Party the New Hampshire Democratic but I
don't care if you oppose the
establishment or Tom Perez or if your
analysis supporter and a Bernie Sanders
supporter watch out you gotta go so a
lot of people kicked out of those
committees and there's these at-large
appointments and and some people were
removed from that and then there Nancy
came back and said oh it's okay we put
in diversity diversity of ideas a
diversity of who they're backing no no
no they're all pro-establishment but
diversity as in you no one is
transgendered well you kick that's
someone who is transgender so how did
you add diversity there I don't care I'm
hiding behind diversity now that was all
bad enough of a reported that to you
last week this week it's gotten way
worse so what did they do they floated a
rumor that the most progressive people
were actually targeting black women at
the DNC what on where where did you get
that rumor they planted it themselves
they can't point to a single person who
was alleged to have said that because
there is no such person so instead they
went to BuzzFeed news here which I think
I gotta be honest is a terrible job here
you're not supposed to print rumors cuz
somebody came and wanted to plant a
rumor with you and they admit it's a
rumor
so BuzzFeed news goes ok who do you want
me to smear alright great you want to
smear the Bernie people great let's do
that
so they quote this is a quoting BuzzFeed
news itself our rumor that probe Bernie
Sanders Democrats have proposed removing
three prominent black women as at-large
members of the Democratic National
Committee set off a theory here at the
party's fall meeting lighting up
tensions between anti-establishment
progressives and chairman Tom Perez as
Democrats rush late Thursday to find out
where the rumor had come from and what
motives drove it these people keep
pretending and I'll tell you the source
of some of those rumors a little bit
later in this story keep pretending that
Bernie Sanders supporters who are by
their own admission establishment says
we're too progressive we're too liberal
we're it's we're not practical and
pragmatic enough but the most
progressive people in the country are
somehow racist and sexist now some of
the people that they got they removed
we're women ah who cares some are
minorities ah who cares it doesn't
matter we're gonna smear you okay then
show me one person who's actually
against black women from the Bernie it
campaign or these specific three black
women nobody it's just a rumor
it's just a rumor why would the Bernie
people plant the rumor that makes no
sense at all
why would they want to plant a rumor
against themselves no logic in that now
if you wanted to plant a rumor to smear
the other side she and you had a couple
hundred million dollars in motivation to
make sure nobody sees that budget
because then they might get mad that
you're taking a huge percentage of it
whoever those Democratic consultants
side that actually control the party
then what would you want to do oh let me
hide behind minorities and spread a
rumor now go to BuzzFeed news and
they'll print it and and and and ghetto
everybody all worked up now one of the
people that was removed from last week
was James Zogby like I told you decades
with the Democratic Party they explain
here James IV keith sanders ally in a
longtime DNC member who found out he
would lose a spot on the party's
executive committee was among several
progressives who cast the move as a form
of retaliation against those who do not
support pres in his bid for chair
earlier this year
well yeah that part is true he supported
Ellison now
all of a sudden he's off the executive
committee but did James Zogby say
anything about black woman no no he
didn't well it doesn't matter I'll just
put his name out there and golly gee he
didn't like being removed but that's not
the same as spreading the rumor so then
they have to go talk to him by Thursday
afternoon
two days after Perez announced his
appoint mr. rumour was this was ivy and
other Pro Sanders Democrats wanted a
flop Perez's picks four at-large TSC
members by proposing an alternate one
that would swap out three prominent
black women now again there is
absolutely no evidence that that
happened so Xabi is asked about and he
goes of course I didn't do that this
preposterous nobody did that he said he
explains he is non the three women
Daughtry Moore and Brazil Donna Brazile
for years he said a large part through
his work on the 1984 1988 Jesse Jackson
campaigns hmm so the person who's
theoretically against blacks is one of
the most liberal guys in the Democratic
Party is himself a minority supporter
Jesse Jackson for president and is
recently in trouble with the
establishment because he fort is
supported keith ellison for his head of
the DNC key Nelson who is also black Wow
seems like a virulent racist to me
preposterous he seems the only thing
they want to do is get us to talk about
it so that they can say I don't know
some people say there's some people that
say that and then the smear is
accomplished but we're not gonna play
that game instead we're gonna out you
for who you are and that you're doing
the dirtiest tricks possible these are
the same people who planted the
anti-semitism charges against keith
ellison there's nothing they won't do to
protect their money
it is the dirtiest tricks I've ever seen
do they ever do it against Republicans
no no no no no no no with the
Republicans they play patty cakes and
they lost over a thousand state seats
they've lost sixty nine out of nine
United state legislators they lost the
house they lost the Senate they lost the
Supreme Court they lost the presidency
to Donald Trump patty cakes with
Republicans all day long and then they
go over pragmatic pragmatic on what you
are miserable failures and the minute
anyone challenges you it says we believe
you're Democrats can do better we
believe progressives can do better
and we believe we can beat Republicans
if we actually fight them they turn
around and fight you in the most vicious
ways possible
okay Xabi continues to explain I would
never turn against those three women
that is not what I have done these are
friends of mine who I care about and I
simply find it deplorable that someone
would start that room in order to create
a deeper wedge tubes absolve themselves
from the crappy decisions that they have
made okay then the DSD spokesperson
comes down goes wait wait wait wait
I'm not done hiding behind diversity yet
so they say we are proud of the
unprecedented diversity of this year's
slate at-large DNC members we must come
together in unity and embrace our
diversity in order to win elections up
and down the ballot but who argued
against diversity no one you made that
up who was our cannon who do I want to
win DNC race keith Ellison who's black
so where is the lack of diversity who
are the people who wanted to remove
these three women no one no one all you
have is a rumor that you're yourself
planted okay so Leah Daughtry is really
mad she goes up and gives a speech now I
don't know her motivations at all I
never met her I don't know her at all
and it's possible that she believes
these rumors and is then incensed if you
believe that rumors you would be
incensed I'd be incensed right so she
gives up comes up and gives a speech she
says I have done the work I have paid my
dues and I have earned my seat at the
table he had over the course of this
meeting some unnamed shadowy
increasingly noisy faction of our party
has suggested an i and a few of my
like-minded friends are the wrong kind
of democrat to hold membership of the
DNC there's somehow maybe because of my
race maybe because of my gender maybe
because of the brashness that comes from
the accommodation of the two maybe
because I actually had a history and
institutional memory of our party maybe
because I chose to support the nominee
of our party I don't know what the
reasons were maybe they didn't know that
black women are the strongest loyalists
and the most consistent voting bloc of
the Democratic Party maybe they forgot
that we show up when nobody else shows
up well if she genuinely believes that
that rumor was planted by the Bernie
faction then I'd be mad too and I they
would justify this speech and I don't
know her so I don't know what she
genuinely believes but there is no
proof that anyone actually wanted to get
rid of her or a series of
african-american woman none whatsoever
but then she calls the other side
meaning the Burney side and noisy
faction well Hillary Clinton with her
army of media help I would argue was a
little noisier with her paint trolls
paid by david brock during the primaries
i would argue were a little noisier i
would argue that a lot of the
establishment has been very very noisy
as they just got rid of people you claim
that there is a rumor that somebody
might have wanted to get rid of you with
no evidence the other side actually did
get rid of people they just got rid of
them ready for a rise last week and look
two can play at this game
let's talk about the people that they
have had problems with in the past okay
keith ellison he's a muslim james Zogby
of Middle Eastern descent from time to
time I have received criticism also a
Middle Eastern descent is that Trump
level bigotry you're gonna go after her
and I was born all Muslim family I'm not
agnostic now hmm if I connect the dots
it looks like three people from a
certain religion or region and you guys
are all targeting them that's kind of
weird
that's kind of weird you agree that
there should be a travel ban or Muslim
ban I don't know look first of all let
me be super clear I'm not putting any of
that on the adultery again I don't know
her at all and I again I would
understand her frustration if he
genuinely believed that that was
happening but I'm talking about the
people who are planting this stuff and
by the way she said but I will say one
last thing about the last sentence she
said maybe they forgot that we show up
when nobody else shows up I'll tell you
who didn't forget about African American
woman showing up that's Bernie Sanders
let me show you a picture of him from
decades ago that's a civil rights
protest that he showed up to he's
chained to an african-american woman she
showed up he showed up they showed up
together and he said if you're going to
arrest her you're going to arrest me he
was the first guy to ever say I'm with
her so the reason people like Bernie
Sanders is because he showed up way
before anyone else did he defended those
progressive values way before anyone
else did so if we want to talk about
showing up there's a reason why he has
credibility all right now let's go to
someone who doesn't have as much
credibility on this issue that's Tom
Perez now I talked about the consultants
and we in the David Bronx and all these
shadowy guys with all their money you
want talking about shadowy those are the
shadowy guys we're we're right here
we're right here they get mad at me
sometimes for saying things on air I'm
saying it in front of you there's no
rumors there's no stabbing in the back
there's no going around people and
planting things with friendly members of
the press and smearing people and trying
to ruin their reputations okay we're
right here now on the other hand Tom
Perez back during the primary season
Hillary Clinton nothing wrong with that
a lot of people supported Hillary
Clinton but he wrote a memo that we got
because the wiki leaks and he was
talking about Nevada and he said Nevada
is an opportunity to fight back in on so
many levels first the current storyline
is that she does not connect well with
young voters given that Nevada is far
more demographically representative
America I am confident that Hillary
Clinton can do well with all
african-americans Latinos and Asian
Americans don't forget the sizable
population of Asian Americans in Nevada
including Filipinos so far nothing wrong
with that at all he's making an
affirmative case for his candidate hey
you know what I think Hillary connects
great with these different demographic
groups and I think we'll show it in
about him perfectly fine but wait
there's a second sentence coming
it says Emmy and the team have a good
plan to attract all minority voters when
we do well there
then the narrative changes from Bernie
kicks ass among young voters to Bernie
does well only among young white
liberals that is a different story
and a perfect lead-in to South Carolina
where once again we can work to attract
young voters of color so I think Nevada
is a real opportunity let me repeat that
part in the middle Bernie does well only
among young white liberals now is that
true no even in that case in Nevada he
actually won Latinos
on the state overall if she want
african-americans the Nevada fair is
fair but Bernie won the Latinos there's
actually not much evidence to that
effect at all but Tom Perez was one of
the original guys internally saying
let's say that Bernie only does well
among young white liberals then when we
go to South Carolina which is heavily
african-american in the Democratic
primary we'll say hey remember Bernie
only does well with white people gee I
wonder where the smears came from in the
beginning can't quite tell later in
another email
Perez writes in my Hillary Clinton
advocacy I now say how these people
don't have the time to wait for senator
Sanders to complete his quest for the
perfect health care system or the
perfect immigration reform bill in other
words let's tell minorities yes Bernie
Sanders wants you to have great stuff
great health care and great immigration
but that is somehow racist let's
convince them that not working towards
those goals is actually the Pro Latino
Pro african-american Pro minority
position hey remember you don't have
time for good solutions so just accept
bow your heads accept our crappy
solutions and then we'll help use that
to frame Bernie Sanders is only for
white people gee I wonder where the
rumors came from about racial angles
here and discontent couldn't be from a
guy who already did that once before
right look I don't even think Tom Perez
is the guy in terms of I don't know if
he planted this specific rumor I do know
that he was happy to frame issues like
that during the campaign seems very very
happy to do it in that in the past what
I mean by Tom Perez is not necessarily
guys Tom Perez is not the guy taking
home hundreds of millions dollars if
you've got about 800 million dollars
spent on a campaign through the
Democratic National Committee which you
guys paid money for and consultants are
taking a percentage of that 15:25 no one
knows because only Tom Perez and the
finance person at the DNC knows and they
don't want to change that rule god
forbid you found
and you found that hate 25% is going to
in the pockets of consultants that would
be 200 million dollars
my guess is those guys whoever they are
are highly motivated to smear everyone
else and if they need to use Tom Perez
well then they use Tom Perez and if they
need to pretend that that the other side
is going after minorities then they'll
pretend it's going after minorities
whatever they got to do to keep that
gravy train going gee I wonder why
people are upset at the DNC not quite
sure if you can't face and look it's not
that they can't figure it out it's that
they still don't understand that the
internet exists they think that's all
right we just do these smear jobs we get
our friends in the press the planted as
a story all over media will get Morning
Joe to you B get all huffy about it
because morning shows on our side and
we'll get all the TV pundits to be on
our side and they'll push push push and
nobody will find out wrong we do find
out and we see what's going on and we're
not going to let you get away with it so
later when people are angry at you don't
pretend you don't know why dirty tricks
like this or exactly why people are
furious with you and they should be for
God's sake support progressives who
actually would like to defeat
Republicans and not other progressives
but if these guys were progressive they
wouldn't do any of this stuff
they're corporatists they just want the
money and if you try to get money out of
politics boy than they are furious with
you there you go oh my god
that's a that's a real change no no
everybody settle down
what you really want is a really really
small change one that doesn't get money
out of politics at all one that
certainly doesn't get money out of my
pocket whether you like it or not it's
not just us it's the audience
it's the progressives we're all onto you
and we'll see you at the next election
young turks qit membership gets you
commercial free young turks downloaded
stream at podcasts that get all the
network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
