New York Times with another story about
sexual harassment settlements regarding
Bill O'Reilly now remember he'd already
settle five cases this is number six and
this one he settled personally with us
for a stunning amount of money this did
not come from Fox News they knew about
it they didn't they claimed they didn't
know what the number was but they knew
that it happened and they gave him a big
contract anyway so let's get to all the
details stunning details as the Times
reports last January six months after
Fox News outed as chairman and made a
sexual harassment scandal then that
works top-rated host of the time Bill
O'Reilly struck a thirty-two million
dollar agreement with a longtime Network
analyst to settle new sexual harassment
allegations according to two people
briefed on the matter an extraordinary a
large amount for such cases gretchen
carlson who got twenty million dollars
from fox news similar charges against
Ailes and the company overall said
nobody settles for thirty two million
dollars if they didn't do it that seems
to be unassailable logic now you could
disagree and go yeah these rich he can
throw around thirty two million dollars
for false charge X's pillow Riley's a
wilting flower I mean he wouldn't want
to fight false charges right only way he
settles as if those charges were
absolutely true more details on what
they were
although the deal has not been
previously made public the network's
parent company 21st Century Fox
acknowledges that it was aware of the
woman's complaints about mr. O'Reilly
they included allegations of repeated
harassment and non-consensual sexual
relationship and the sending of gay
pornography and other sexually explicit
material to her according to people
briefed on the matter
look there's a part of that that I care
deeply about in a part I don't care
about at all okay I don't care what kind
of program our graffiti was sending to
this person if it was consensual that's
their business not my business and by
the way they say gay pornography I don't
know what that means if you're thinking
I do okay
it could mean as in straight not
streaming gay male pornography could
mean as in a female pornography I
believe that some straight men have you
know from time to time
watch lesbian porn okay so it is not my
defense of Bill O'Reilly I just want you
to know that I'm being as fair as
possible
the non-consensual sex that is a billion
percent unacceptable so if it's
consensual let them watch whatever porn
they want to watch I don't who cares
because we're not more or less like Bill
O'Reilly and Fox News we don't talk
about Family Values and pretend that we
have better values that you do and we're
gonna judge your day in and day out
that's Bill O'Reilly's job but if it's
non-consensual hell no and so you're
telling me Fox News you know about this
and then you give him the contract oh
boy alright let's get to those details
it was at least a six agreement and by
far the largest made by either mr.
O'Reilly or the company to settle
harassment allegations against them
despite that record 21st Century Fox
began contract negotiations with mr.
O'Reilly and in February granted him a
four-year extension that paid twenty
five million dollars a year so they're
like Oh bill this is your sixth case
that you have settled for women that
said they were sexually harassed by you
and you gave them money because you were
afraid they were right or for whatever
reason you were afraid and now despite
the fact that I know that I'm gonna turn
around and give you a hundred million
dollar contract anyway
Chea wonder what 21st Century Fox's
values are are they the same as your
family values and maybe for the old
right-wingers like Rupert Murdoch he
thinks yeah yeah of course look back in
the good old days we used to be able to
do whatever we wanted to women so when I
give a Riley a hundred million dollars
knowing that he's a serial sexual
harasser of course I would he did he did
the proofs in the pudding in January the
reporting shows Rupert Murdoch and his
sons Lachlan and James the top
executives of 21st Century Fox made a
business calculation to stand by mr.
O'Reilly despite his most recent and
potentially most explosive harassment
dispute their decision came as the
company was trying to convince him
boys its board and the public that it
had cleaned up the network's workplace
culture at the same time they were
determined to hold on to mr. O'Reilly
whose value to the network increased
after the departure of another prominent
host megyn kelly oh my god they cared
more about the money than they did about
actual human beings and whether they
were forced into sexual acts by their
star host it was a business decision
meanwhile they're going around telling
everybody
oh yeah Ailes that was an aberration we
clean this thing up but no Fox News is
great now it's a wonderful place to work
meanwhile they secretly know oh my god
O'Reilly just had another giant
settlement for another sexual harassment
case who cares he's he making us money
good good good bring him in bring him in
now there were other business
considerations and that's the only thing
that eventually got O'Reilly fired
anyway when we found out about this so a
little bit of that from the New York
Times but by April of the Murdochs
decided to jettison mr. O'Reilly as some
of the settlements became public and
posed a significant threat to their
business empire okay now it's because
they were trying to buy another media
organization in the UK and meanwhile
advertisers started dropping out of
O'Reilly's program they're like well now
we're making less money from the sexual
harasser who has settled for
non-consensual sex okay and it might
cost us money over in the UK for another
part of our business empire oh listen I
got it
we'll pretend to be moral and we'll have
all the other hosts they'll talk about
Family Values meanwhile we'll push for
war on air will push for all these
different things that are despicable and
the death penalty and all these things
where we people die
we'll call that Family Values but now
we'll turn around and fire O'Reilly and
pretend we did it for moral reasons
hilarious Murdoch's hilarious
okay now if the woman involved is miss
wheel I don't want to talk too much
about her she's dragged into this but
you've got to know who she is in order
for you to understand the context of
this she's a legal I know and
and she was on fox news for 15 years so
let me give you a little bit of context
here from the times the settlement with
Miss Weil was more than three times the
amount of any of mr. O'Reilly previously
known deals in 2004 he has settled a
lawsuit with a producer andrea Makris
for about nine million dollars publicly
known harassment settlements involved
miss evolving mr. O'Reilly have now
totaled about forty five million dollars
there might be other ones we don't know
about but so far he has paid out of
pocket forty five million dollars to
settle case after case after case and in
the andrea Makris case we do know the
details because the the phone
conversations were leaked and and he
would call her up and without any of our
participation or permission begin to
masturbate over the phone and telling
her how he's doing in and how he'd like
to rub loofas and falafels all over her
and it's just look again if you're gonna
have phone sex and it's consensual I
don't care what your sandwich is you're
smearing on each other
but she didn't ask for it she didn't
tell you it was okay you just call her
out of the blue without her
participation you think you could tell
it's on the phone call she doesn't
participate at all and he just keeps
going and going and going and this is a
person who works with him and he is
clearly in a position where he can
affect her job so you stay on the phone
and you listen to this what does that
remind you of and by the way another
executive Harvey Weinstein who told a
woman when she didn't refuse to have sex
with him well then just shut up and
stand there as he masturbated in front
of her Jesus Christ
okay Family Values guys all right and
Weinstein is theoretically liberal
O'Reilly pretends to have Family Values
and it's clearly conservative so
although the matter had been settled
confidentially mr. O'Reilly lawyers were
concerned about keeping the dollar
figures secret mr. Newmann provided the
company with a document that informed
them of the deal but did not include a
dollar figure that makes News Corp's or
21st Century Fox's claims about not
knowing the number figure a little bit
more believable but does it really
matter that much what if it was four
only three million dollars or only 12
million dollars only twenty four million
dollars wouldn't make a difference if
the allegations in this case are true
and O'Reilly has settled that case
knowing that he does not want to dispute
it he does not want to go to open court
and say that it's not true these are the
Fox News guys that O'Reilly guys they
love a fight they start fights day in
and day out you think Oh Riley's gonna
shy away from that fight the only way
he's gonna do it is because it's true
okay
the first time that Bill O'Reilly had a
wheel on his show
he's almost doing it on air this is the
exchange that happened he said hey you
know Liz I got you this job you know
that she says I know you did I know
O'Reilly says so you owe me you owe me
big and she says no no no which by the
way pretty much define their
relationship going forward if these
charges are true and again he paid
thirty two million dollars probably
because he thinks oh yeah if they're
true and he didn't want to getting out
okay mr. O'Reilly also made suggestive
remarks to miss wheel on the air during
one segment on his radio show in 2005
about a strip club he suggested that she
learned how to dance for a ten thousand
dollar tip now if they're friends old
friends and that's the kind of show he's
doing you say hey they're having fun
that's their banter that's their
business not my business she is a legal
analyst she didn't ask to have those
kind of conversations he literally says
on-air no no no and then he's talking
about how she should go make tips at a
strip club
real classy look you can do if it was
just that again you could say he's a pig
and leave it at that but he wants to get
into non-consensual sexual situations
hell no he should have been gone
immediately when they found out about it
okay dated January 7th now this is the
actual contract at the settlement terms
it called for miss wheel to be paid over
a period of time to ensure her silence
in return she agreed not to sue mr.
O'Reilly Fox News or 21st Century Fox
and all photos text messages and other
communications between the two would be
destroyed but wait bill if you
right that it's not true if you're now
absolutely insists why would you want to
get rid of the evidence wouldn't you
want to keep the evidence because the
evidence is gonna prove you right no
part of the settlement was shred to
evidence whatever you do like that
evidence on fire gee I wonder who was
right and who's wrong I can't quite tell
in recent weeks mr. O'Reilly has made
several public appearances to promote a
new book as The Times explains he said
on The Today Show that he never sent a
lewd text or email to a fox news
employee that his conscious is clear and
that a quote political and financial hit
job brought him down if you never sent
any of those text messages why does this
say in the settlement destroy the text
messages I sent you oops so how in the
world is he gonna defend the
indefensible just when you thought it
couldn't get worse from mr. Family
Values he's gonna hide behind his kids I
wasn't gonna do this part but he
literally brought it up over half a
dozen times some of which you'll see
here I mean we might hit that count just
on the audio that I'm gonna share with
you but overall in all of his defenses
possibly over a dozen times anytime the
charge is brought up he hides behind his
kids listen experienced broadcast
business journalism business 43 years
I've never had one complaint filing as
me by a co-worker in any human resources
department in 43 years that encompasses
12 different colors so all of a sudden
all the stuff happens and
the pain it brings to my children is
indescribable indescribable and I would
give up my life to protect my children
but I find myself not being able to
protect them because of things that are
being said about me their father and I
will go back to my children so when
situations arose we handle them as
methodically and as responsibly as we
could without putting my children in
grave danger nobody brought up your kids
and if they did I would chastise them
say what did say for the poor kids have
anything to do with this guy they don't
have anything new with him they're not
connected to him they didn't have it
Jesus don't get him involved in this
he's only one bringing up his kids and
he keeps going oh my god that's gonna
hurt my kids
well maybe you should have thought about
that before you did the non-consensual
sex maybe you should have thought about
that before sexually harassing one woman
after another after another that worked
with you but when you were doing that
and you were doing the loop on the
falafel and everything else then you
didn't worry about your kids
now that you've been caught all of a
sudden oh my kids my kids my kids oh
yeah yeah yeah that's that's really
genuine bill and that's really classy
look I'm gonna leave out what his kids
actually said about him in his divorce
settlement cuz I don't want to go there
but but he does it over and over again
here listen now he that was with the New
York Times earlier this is with Glenn
Beck you got to understand how much pain
this brings children and I thought I
could spare my children that I'd do
anything for my children anything to
protect them I give up my life for my
children I'd do anything except not
sexually harass women at work that I
won't do it's so gross that he's hiding
behind his kids what a terrible terrible
guy and then that argument earlier about
Oh nobody ever brought it to human
resources that's because you've paid
them millions of dollars I think the
idea that technically they didn't go to
human resources that's your one big
aha you paid one of them nine million
you paid another 132 million I think
that's a little bit more evidence than
they didn't technically go to a human
resource at the right time okay one last
thing now we're not the only ones that
are skeptical about the number and how
gigantic it is if he didn't actually do
it even Glenn Beck was skeptical and
then listened to Bill O'Reilly
non-answer here okay you can settle but
thirty two million dollars coming out of
your own pocket nobody does that
right so did you want me to say I'm not
the only Jew Tom and I could make on
that issue
without getting the thing back into a
legal arena would be the first article
that the New York Times wrote quoted
figures and added them up and that was
wildly wrong but I can't confirm and
deny anything because once I do that
then it goes back into the legal arena
which you don't want and they know that
was this settlement by you alone or was
Fox it but I can't Beck as I told you
off the camera I know you have to ask
the questions for your audience I can't
comment on any specific case at all if I
could I would but I cannot I know it's
frustrating you know it's really it's
really frustrating because it's very
frustrating for me you can imagine me
sitting here all right being accused of
everything under the Sun and and the end
game is let's link O'Reilly with Harvey
Weinstein let's make him that that's
what we want to do but unless I won
another seven or eight years of constant
litigation that puts my children in a
kill zone I have to maintain my
discipline there he goes again children
in the kill zone what on God's green
earth are you talking about
so bottom line is thirty two million
that's kind of hard to understand if you
didn't do it quote what do you want me
to say and then he's like oh man I can't
because
a legal situation but it's not like your
money's out of line in terms of like
they didn't pay you you paid them you
paid them so that it wouldn't be out in
the open sure if you want you could talk
about it all you want you're the one
that said in those settlements you are
whether it's wheel or anyone else you're
not allowed to talk about this in public
it didn't say you're not allowed to talk
about it you're a lot dug it all all all
you want cuz you're the one who did it
you're the one who paid them the money
so they wouldn't talk totally
disingenuous this is who bill o'reilly
is he's a sick sick man and for all
those years for decades News Corp paid
him to lecture you about Family Values
and how you weren't good enough and that
he was gonna judge your values meanwhile
he goes home and does this so the next
time somebody talks to you about family
values and how they are more moral than
you remember Bill O'Reilly remember
Roger Ailes and what they were doing in
private they don't mean a word of it
they're the world's biggest hypocrites
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
