how do Trump voters feel about the
allegations against Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh well Emma Vig
Lindh one of our reporters went to a
trump rally in Springfield Missouri to
speak to the voters and we're gonna hear
from them in just a minute but before we
do so the conservative media has gone
out of its way to smear the accusers and
there are two as of now we have dr.
Christine Blasi Ford who initially had
the allegations against Brett Kavanaugh
groping her without her consent and
allegedly attempting to rape her when
they were both in high school and then
later a Yale student who was a freshman
at the time accuses Brett Kavanaugh of
pulling his pants down and thrusting his
penis toward her face now a Steve
Crowder is a gross person I mean that's
my bias against him but you don't need
to believe me you can see for yourselves
here's the way he covered the Brett
Kavanaugh allegations and how he
referred to dr. Blasi Ford still in news
and was talking about the alleged
attempted rape accusation via dr.
Christine fort by the way no longer
going to be calling her dr. Christine
for Christine let me just say this of
course it's possible that the
accusations here could be accurate right
and we're not saying that all
accusations of attempted rape or false
you have to balance the scales of
justice between possibly drunk and
passed out to you and you decide yes by
the way I know you saying just me no one
else in this room I labeled her lying or
without proof granted she did the same
but with attempted rape rapists poor
okay so he called her a lying whore and
he also accused her of calling someone a
rapist with no evidence she did not call
anyone a rapist
she accused attempted rape those were
her allegations but more importantly
there was evidence there were notes uh
where she had spoken to her therapist on
two different occasions in 2012
regarding these allegations and so
there's that there's also the fact that
she took a lie-detector test that is
considered evidence but nonetheless
steven crowder I mean this is what you
can expect from trash like him so I hear
high-pitched voices are really funny so
congrats on that so I'm not calling her
a doctor anymore what does that even
know it's a signal to his misogynistic
viewers never respect a woman she's 51
years old she's a professor she's earned
that respect and she earned that degree
but we're taking that away from her
because come on she accused a man of
doing something wrong and we of course
know that that's unacceptable so she's
no longer a doctor okay now she's
Christie always you know find a way to
put women down one way or another
then she says he isn't he merciful he
says not all attempted rape allegations
are false Wow well thank you for
conceding that I really appreciate that
now of course you know the overwhelming
statistics on this is that most
allegations in that field are
overwhelmingly true meaning that the
great majority of the allegations when
you go to court prove to be true so if
there are there are stats on it and and
so the the cases that are true greatly
outweigh the ones that are false so if
you're gonna say anything at all you
would say hey you know what it doesn't
mean that every accusation is true cuz
some are not but the overwhelming
majority are right that would be factual
but instead he turns it around I'm not
saying everyone who says rapist walls
but go on right yeah so by the way so
this signals to any woman who comes
forward with or or has been victimized
by any type of sexual assault or rape
this signals to them hey don't come
forward
if you do you're gonna be labeled as a
lying whore right he has no evidence
that she's lying he has no reason to
think that she's lying and by the way
why is she a whore
how is she a whore even if you don't
believe the allegations what makes her a
whore because we are going to denigrate
and try to humiliate every woman and my
audience is gonna get off on that is
what he thinks and so yeah this will be
so much fun they'll get a kick out of it
so look whether you think there's any
evidence to back up Cavanaugh or dr.
Blasi this she it's certainly not a
question that I think is a hundred
percent settled - either way and that's
why we want to have the I investigation
to find out more that's why we want the
hearings etc but to conclude beyond a
shadow of a doubt that she is not
telling the truth and that there's
nothing to back her up
it's a weird conclusion because she
certainly genuinely believes it maybe
they think no no no it's so everything's
politics everything's a conspiracy
everything today the fact that she's a
51 year old professor who greatly
respected in in those circles it's all
conspiracy it's all conspiracy right but
look you got your audience who doesn't
believe in fact so they're probably
willing to believe anything you say
but just say that there is no evidence
on either side like for example on
Cavanaugh side there's the fact that it
was 35 36 years ago there's the mic
judge who's in the room saying it didn't
happen so he has some facts on his side
she has a lot of facts on her side
including the therapists notes and and
we've done you know a lot of stories
about all different evidence on her side
and they and how credible she is and how
she told her husband she told the
therapist the lie detector test and it
goes on and on so if you were to say hey
I weighed all those but I believe cabin
on and so if I I think that she might be
making it up and I find that deeply
disturbing okay I wouldn't agree with
your conclusion but okay that's that's
you're at least you're being a dick
about it
right like ideas are being you know a
real I don't know about reasonable but
at least you know you're coming at it
from this is
I'm inclined to believe but I would like
an FBI investigation
alright you don't want one because you
want him in the core by hook or by crook
whether he did it or he didn't do it
okay but when you say okay now based on
no evidence at all I'm going to then
turn around and call her a lying whore
the point of that appears to be that hey
we we will try to destroy her and oh and
so and as long as I put that propaganda
out there right or wrong reasonable or
unreasonable and doesn't matter at least
I did some damage to her and then he
will turn around and go I don't know why
anybody calls me misogynistic oh my god
these liberals they're so touchy you
know just call someone a lying whore and
all of a sudden they get all emotional
and stuff nobody's gettin emotional
Steven and and by the way when we do
these videos then they need their safe
space no one cries no one cries more
than a conservative so you just call him
a bitch right that's what he is all he
ever does is whine and cry about
everything oh my god people don't like
me Oh people are complaining about me
and then he goes off and he calls people
lying whore right calls people who are
accusing someone of sexually assaulting
them lying whores right and and we're
not supposed to ever respond to that and
I know and if you do then they need
their safe space and they say oh my god
I'm melting I'm a special snowflake
I can't believe Ana Kasparian was mean
to me women aren't allowed to be mean to
me they've been mean to me my whole life
go ahead and cry Stephen cry all day
long and and we know exactly what you're
about and at least thank you for giving
us clarity on how you feel about her and
women in general like what you see click
this subscribe button below and don't
forget to ring the bell to never miss
another video from the Young Turks
