I wanted to give you guys one other
example of a politician attacking
journalists this time in the Czech
Republic this is the president of the
Czech Republic Milla Sherman and Zeeman
and he went to a press conference
holding a replica of an ak-47 and on it
written on it it said for journalists
and he has been known to be incredibly
harsh and cruel toward journalists he
has previously referred to them as
manure and hyenas and you know this is
yet another example of a politician who
can't handle anyone who dares to speak
truth to power this is the way that they
react to it
so unfortunately there's a bunch of
these maniacs throughout the world now
knew these guys with dictatorial
tendencies they take over governments
and then next you know democracy's gone
we've seen that movie before too and
part and democracies is voting of course
a huge part of it but it also is other
things like freedom of the press freedom
of speech what makes Western democracy
what is so so great so he also said when
he was in May when he was a lot Emir
Putin and he joked joked that some of
the journalists at the event need to be
liquidated when Putin there are
allegations and strong ones that Putin
has actually liquidated journalists
that's not a funny joke and then when
you bring out an AQ 47 when you say for
journalists and you've talked about
getting rid of them before not remotely
funny or interesting super super
dangerous and this guy is also a lunatic
by the way I mean if that wasn't
convincing you know he believes and he
said this last year that the Czechs need
to arm themselves because of a potential
super Holocaust that's going to be
carried out by Muslims in the Czech
Republic I didn't know that there were
that many Muslims in the Czech Republic
I didn't know that they were on the
verge of winning electoral II and then
taking charge and then getting rid of
democracy I thought
was you guys and then going around
killing their opponents a super
Holocaust by the really powerful Muslims
in the Czech Republic
these guys are absolute lunatics well
yeah and it's also ironic that he would
make statements like that about anyone
right when in reality the real violent
person is the is the individual who
would show up to a press conference
holding a replica of an ak-47
threatening journalists you know I mean
think about that for a second but one
thing that I also want to point out is
that you know that stunt that he pulled
with the ak-47 happened less than a week
after another journalist died in a car
bombing so journalists Daphney Caruana
Galicia she was dubbed a one-woman
WikiLeaks Galicia had led an
investigation into the Panama papers and
had recently revealed that Malta's prime
minister was connected with offshore
companies and the sale of Maltese
passports and payments from the Asura by
Johnny government so she I don't know
what a coincidence she died in a car
bomb so again another journalist gets
targeted she's been murdered okay very
clearly murdered and less than a week
after that happens you know the the
president of the Czech Republic decides
that it's a great idea to hold that
replica ak-47 threatening journalists
Galicia was in Malta and this in the
Czech Republic but it's it was clearly
in the news in the Czech Republic and
and the president doesn't care at all by
the way they elected a new prime
minister in the Czech Republic and he is
a billionaire populist oh boy there are
a lot of similarities here between what
is happening throughout the world and it
is not good news for journalists not
good news for freedom of the press or
anyone who is interested in protecting
Western democracies TYT membership gets
your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
