a new development in gun ownership now a
lot of different liberal groups are
picking up guns so I understand the
inclination to do this but I think it's
a terrible idea so let me explain what
is happening and then why I think it's a
bad idea so there's a new club in
Rochester New York called trigger
warning queer and trans Gun Club and
there's a new one but there are some
others that have been around a little
bit that I'll explain to you in a little
bit as well and Jake Allen explains why
they're doing this he says it's a way to
assert our strength often queer people
are thought of as being weak as being
defenseless and I think in many ways
this pushes back against that and I want
white supremacist and neo-nazis to know
that queer people are taking steps
necessary to protect themselves now boy
that is that urge is super
understandable and as you see you know
the death in Charlottesville and and
also a synagogue was at one point
surrounded by neo-nazis chanting Nazi
chants and in Scituate in same thing in
Charlottesville that same protest as you
see situations like that and then
DeAndre Harrison african-american man
was beaten so severely had to get ten
staples in his head afterwards so it's
hard not to want to pick up weapons and
defend yourself and here in this case
they're learning how to shoot better and
then obviously some are buying guns but
at the same time I'm afraid that it it
plays exactly into the NRA strategy
everybody be panicked grab a gun which
then leads to more deaths which then
leads to more panic which then leads to
higher gun sales and I'm not sure that
this is the road that we want to go down
but again let me give you more details
here on the different groups doing it
they say that and this is the Associated
Press membership in the Pittsburgh
chapter of the Pink Pistols that's an
LGBTQ oriented gun group with chapters
nationwide bumped up after the
presidential election and then after a
white supremacist killed a counter
process protester in Charlottesville
this summer so that's another LGBTQ
group that has seen increased membership
but they're not alone
there's the liberal gun club a national
organization has seen it's paid
membership roughly double since the
election to about five thousand five
hundred said larry smith of the group's
California chapter so now we've got
LGBTQ people armed we've got liberals
armed we already had the right-wing
armed obviously now of course let's go
to black folks the National
african-american gun Association gained
500 new members within two days after
Charlottesville Association president
Phillips Smith said the group went from
four chapters to forty five in just the
past year okay by the way that is when
the right-wing first like they're like
Oh LGBT people getting guns fine
liberals getting guns isn't that cute
what black people have guns that's the
first time that big are concerned and
now I'm putting that on them that's a
little bit of speculation but it's that
speculation is based on actual history
in California we had very lacks gun laws
until the Black Panthers figured out hey
you know what we can walk in to the
Statehouse with weapons and it was
perfectly legal and they did and a
minute that black folks picked out
weapons and walked into the Statehouse
all of a sudden California got way
tougher gun regulation you know who the
governor was at the time that passed
that legislation that well-known liberal
Ronald Reagan so on the one hand again
boy you want to defend yourself I get it
and there and other guys have guns the
neo-nazis and the white supremacists
have weapons and they're not shy about
it I get it and by the way the main
black folks bring up guns all of a
sudden we're probably gonna lead to more
gun control so that would be lovely
in my opinion okay I get it that being
said I give you the same rationale that
I give the right-wing it's not a good
idea you're far more likely to get
somebody in your own house killed this
whole idea of the intruder is breaking
up in the middle of breaking in in the
middle of the night and then you're
gonna defend yourself almost never
happens but I'll show you the numbers of
what actually does happen accidental
shootings between 2005 and 2010 three
thousand eight hundred people died just
from accidents I'm not talking about
homicides where you've got mad
your wife or your husband and boom in
that moment you kill them I'm not
talking about that I'm not talking about
suicides a giant number just accidental
shootings leading to deaths leading the
injuries in 2010 alone 606 and then
victims under the 25 years of age is
1300 or so as well so that's a lot of
people dying because there was a gun in
the house guns don't make you safer they
make you far less safe so as much as I
understand the urge to want to pick up
guns if you're in these groups I don't
think you're helping yourself at all and
I and when I say that for the right-wing
it's not a trick
it's not like oh we'll get the
right-wing to disarm and we'll be great
no it's because I don't want themselves
shooting each them shooting themselves
either I don't want someone that's young
in that household to get shot by
accident either or sometimes it works
the other way where a kid accidentally
pulls a trigger and kills his parents
we've done that story endless times I
don't want it happening to the right way
I don't want it happening to the left
wing and I wanted happening to anyone
and the more there are guns around the
more it'll happen that is a fact
so just be careful and and the only
people celebrating this whole trend
overall are the gun manufacturers that
fund the NRA in the first place they
look at a story like this and yeah maybe
they get concerned about parts of it but
overall they think mission accomplished
higher gun sales which will almost
certainly lead to more deaths which will
lead to more panic which will lead to
more gun sales don't feed into that
beast if you like this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
