hey everybody its David Sirota so is
Bernie Sanders running for president in
2020 that's a big question a lot of
people have been asking it and I think
there's a good definitive answer on that
but one thing there is a definitive
answer on is is Bernie Sanders making
moves that could help him in 2020 I
think the answer is certainly yes
first and foremost he's been pushing
Medicare for all he's been a big leader
on that that's a very popular idea among
certainly among Democratic primary
voters according to polls so that has
been a move that I think certainly on
progressive policy it's very progressive
but also politically it's a very
politically shrewd move for him if he
were to run in 2020 he's also making
some important political decisions that
could help him in 2020 you may have
noticed that Sanders and his political
organization our revolution have been
particularly active in a in a couple of
key races in states and cities where
Sanders would need to do particularly
well in 2020 and where he didn't
necessarily do so well in 2016 there
were these these local and and one state
race where Sanders and his organization
have been very very active in they were
very active in the Jackson Mississippi
mayoral races the Sanders that they were
supportive of Chokwe Lumumba who won
that race a very progressive mayor
sayings gonna put in place very
progressive policies in that city in
Mississippi Sanders and the organization
his organization backed Randall Woodfin
who ran for mayor and won a big race for
mayor in Birmingham Woodfin by the way
did not endorse Bernie in the 2016
election but Bernie and his organization
but helping Woodfin and now he is on his
way to being the mayor of Birmingham you
said you had a Bernie has been very
active in the Atlanta mayor's race
backing
a lawmaker there named Vincent fort in
that race and and Sanders has been
supportive of and former n-double-a-cp
Chairman Ben Jealous
who's running for governor of Maryland
now Sanders underperformed in a pretty
serious way in african-american
communities in particular in the south
and so those those mayor's races could
help him if he was gonna run in 2020 and
if those candidates win those could be
helpful those leaders in those cities
could be helpful in in him building a
new political infrastructure for a 2020
presidential campaign one that he didn't
have in 2016
and in those states Georgia Mississippi
Alabama he got crushed in 2016 and that
was a huge that underperformance was a
huge part of the delegate deficit that
he ultimately faced at the end of the
race and ultimately why in part why he
didn't win the nomination the Democratic
nomination he lost Maryland also so what
I'm saying here is not that not that
Sanders is backing candidates who aren't
progressive in order to help himself no
what I'm saying is that these are very
progressive candidates and that Sanders
and his political organization could
pick a million different races to be
involved in but they've picked these
specific races with these very
progressive candidates that could have
an additional benefit of political
benefit to Sanders if he should run in
2020 because because in helping these
candidates by the way win or lose but
certainly if they win in helping them he
is building bridges to communities and
to these places where he would need to
do a whole lot better in order to win
the Democratic nomination now you may be
saying well you know Alabama I don't get
an Alabama Mississippi Georgia these are
not states that are usually contested in
the general election and that's true but
they are hugely important in the
Democratic primary I mean they have a
lot of Delegates in that primary
so when Sanders underperformed in 2016
in these in these states it was a huge
problem for his campaign one that they
ultimately couldn't surmount in terms of
of delegate counts so if Sanders is
running these moves would certainly
appear to be moves that could help him
address that that that weakness that he
had in 2016 and turn it into a strength
by having more political support more
community support in these places if he
were to run again in 2020 that's a big
if we don't know if he's gonna run again
in 2020 but if he does these moves
seemed well designed to address some of
those big weaknesses that he had in 2016
