a Cub Scout from Colorado is heartbroken
after he was kicked out of his den for
asking the following question of state
senator Vicki marble let's take a look I
don't think any child should be banned
from coming back for asking a tough
question we know what you're thinking
this is a case of a parent scoring
political points by using their kid as
the messenger you know I I hit the
printer button and helped to work out
the printer but no it wasn't my agenda
there were kids who asked about fracking
about the border wall about fossil fuels
in the mix of that it didn't seem like
gun control was that different
so that was eleven-year-old Ames
Mayfield and he is currently on the
search for a new den but the Boy Scouts
of America have released the following
statement saying the Boy Scouts of
America and the Denver area Council are
pleased that the family will continue
their participation in Scouting we are
committed to working with families to
find local units that best fit their
needs now I can't stress enough how
special the kid Ames Mayfield seems he
is incredibly smart witty a little
precocious I don't believe that this was
the political agenda of the mom although
when I heard the story initially I fully
believe that I was like nice job parent
you're doing the project but it seems
like this is something that he has
stayed and formed on that he's
interested in I think the question is so
fair it is really strange that it was
indeed the the pack leader that kicked
out Ames and I'm blurry on how that
works my brother was an Eagle Scout but
I totally blacked out for the entirety
of when he was doing that and so the
pack leader is different than the den
leader the pack leader was the one that
asked for that that said that Ames was
no longer gonna be a part of it but now
he's gonna find a different den in
Colorado but this question is not an
unfair question no it's totally fair
game and his rationale behind it by the
way Ames Mayfield little rock star
future journalist that he is
is the treasurer of his student
government
this kid is he's a prodigy he's smart
just to prepare this list of questions I
was collecting beanie babies when I was
his age like I was pathetic I was
stealing Girl Scout cookies I wasn't
even selling them they wouldn't even let
me die yeah who's probably chowing down
on some Simone Samoas samosas sono
mimosas you were chowing down no but it
was totally fair game because he
researched this state senator and saw
that that the Second Amendment was a
huge part of her platform and so he
thought that that would be a good
opportunity to ask her and also I mean
let's not forget about the tragedy that
happened in Las Vegas you know just a
short while ago this was weighing on
this kid's mind and I think it was
actually very sensitive and poignant of
him to bring up these questions now it's
Monarch a great point about that you got
look at the context of this question and
that is that it's the shadow of Las
Vegas was hanging over this and also the
other context that's important is the
context of what was going on in the den
meeting or whatever you you know it's
called when they're asking all these
other questions that are about fracking
and about the the list of issues that
are all associated with things that are
making headlines now so these are all
fair questions and then default to the
fact that this is an outspoken
legislator when it comes to Second
Amendment rights and it's completely
appropriate question it it's it's sad to
use the Trump of in caps with the
exclamation mark it's sad to me that the
Boy Scouts of America issued that
ridiculously lame statement where they
say nothing and we hope to like it's
like match.com we hope to have this this
Cub Scout can end up with the
appropriate den like what where they
don't talk about this kind of thing or
they bring in legislators and you're not
allowed to have a dialogue with them
yeah I also it just seems like you're
punishing a kid for doing his research
because what he did point out that
senator vicki marble did correlate
something about black americans having
poor health because of barbeque chicken
and he called her out on that so the the
gun control question is the one
is getting the headlines right now but
he really did his research on who the
senator was that was gonna be visiting
with the troop and asked her questions
based on her own record why are we
punishing him again like you said it's
such as a little product prodigy
journalist that's more research than a
lot of people do yeah I mean and that
question about health and poverty and
black communities I think what this kid
was trying to get clarification on is
okay we're talking about you know
personal decisions that people are
making about their health what they
choose to eat but we're ignoring the
discrimination that is rampant in the
healthcare system and how that is linked
to higher rates of hypertension and high
blood pressure we're ignoring how the
infant mortality rate for black babies
is much higher in segregated cities
across America and I don't know that
this that miss marble answered that
seems like she lost her marbles
I'm so sorry let me say one last thing
about this Cub Scout thing because you
could have gone the other way and it
would have been so great for the Boy
Scouts of America and the Cub Scouts you
could have celebrated this conversation
and said yeah you know this is it guys
wait a minute wait a minute if there
were jeers or boos this is what we're
about we've got to be tolerant of a real
conversation that accepts all of these
different viewpoints you could really in
this community that is probably quite
repressed as far as this is concerned
you could really be on the cutting edge
of a real conversation about these
issues and setting an example for the
rest of the country look this is an 11
year old boy in a state senator having a
more civil discourse than it seems we
often have as adults in the country what
in a good example that we can try and
emulate but that's here here exactly I
would applaud this kid whether he asked
a Democrat or a Republican tough
question just to have the courage at
that age to be able to do that and then
on the heels of the very political
speech that the president made at the
Boy Scouts Jamboree Boy Scouts issued
this statement saying that we are a
nonpartisan organization but then why
isn't this kid allowed to stay in his
den snaps for you Simone 100% watch the
young turks commercial-free downloaded
or stream it watch it any way you like a
TYT Network comm slash join
