an investigation has been launched after
an actress has told LAPD that she was
raped by Harvey Weinstein an Italian
model actress met with Los Angeles
Police Detectives for more than two
hours Thursday morning providing a
detailed account of new allegations that
movie mogul Harvey Weinstein sexually
assaulted her at a hotel in 2013 she is
the sixth woman to accuse Weinstein of
rape or forcible sex acts Los Angeles
police captain Billy Hayes confirmed
that the department has launched an
investigation into the matter now the
reason why this is particularly
interesting is because it falls within
the ten year statute of limitations in
the state of California so it could open
up some new doors if there is evidence
that there could be a prosecution and
perhaps even an indictment
now the 38 year old woman does not want
to be named because she is fearful of
retaliation and concerned for her
children but she does have a detailed
account that was printed in the LA Times
today and in part here's some of it he
bullied his way into my hotel room
saying I'm not going to have sex with
you I just want to talk the woman told
the times once inside he asked me
questions about myself but soon became
very aggressive and demanding and kept
asking to see me naked eventually she
goes on to say about how he dragged her
into a bathroom and forcibly raped her
it's it's really graphic to read but it
is important that we read all of these
allegations that are coming forward then
what's particularly troubling is that
she alleges that when he left he told
her that she was very beautiful and that
she was going to work in Hollywood so
we're seeing that power dynamic play out
in these allegations what's also
interesting is that the allegation could
bolster a New York police investigation
into a report that Weinstein's forced an
aspiring actress in 2004 to perform oral
sex on him as the LA case involves
similar acts Lucia Evans told The New
Yorker that Weinstein assaulted her
during a meeting at his Miramax office
now these are more than the 40 women who
have come forward actresses studio
workers and models and one of them to
add her voice to what she calls a
conspiracy of silence is Academy
award-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o who
released a four-page really interesting
compelling and disturbing accusation of
her experience with Harvey Weinstein I
would encourage you to check it out it's
from the New York Times but in part what
she says is after some other encounters
this is what she calls out before the
starters arrived so they were dinner he
announced
cut to the chase I have a private room
upstairs where we can have the rest of
our meal I was stunned I told him I
prefer to eat in the restaurant he told
me not to be so naive if I wanted to be
an actress then I had to be willing to
do this sort of thing he said he had
dated famous actress X&Y look where it
had gotten them when she did turn down
his request or not even request is not
the right word for that he basically
said I don't know about your career but
you'll be fine she was confirming hey
are we good is this totally ruining my
career as an actress and then she goes
on to say about after she had won the
Academy Award how he totally changed his
tune and gave some sort of a like a
backwards apology for his accusations
now what she which she keeps calling out
in this New York Times piece is she
wants to combat the conspiracy of
silence in Hollywood so do you think all
these women coming forward this is what
we need to combat this conspiracy of
silence I think you need women but you
also need men you need everyone I I
think it's it's so courageous for all
these women to come out and talk about
this and Lupita
she was very detailed very candid in
this essay that she wrote so that is you
know not everybody is there yet not
everybody is at that place where they
can be open about this experience
because it is so painful it is so
traumatic but I think for anybody who is
at that place mentally ready to talk
about it it can't it just helps create
an environment that's more transparent
we need more transparency going forward
Hollywood is incredibly unprofessional
and I think that's part of the problem
here I mean it's a huge systemic issue
but we definitely need to be talking
about this stuff and reporting it what's
your response mark yeah and as you say
if it creates an environment where
you're those who are almost ready to
talk about it I've finally come forward
then than it is effective you know I
mean having this out there is definitely
better than what it was a year ago which
was not having any of this stuff out
there and you know these stories so hard
to read the constellation of things that
happen the same right I mean this story
is so believable because he's done
essentially the same dance with all
these different people and so there's
just no way that everybody's got the
same beats in their dance unless these
things all happen it's a it's it's
disgusting and yet you need to have
these disgusting details and this out
there for people to feel more
comfortable I think coming forward so
yes it makes it ever do you think that
these stories and the one most recently
that we were talking about of the
unnamed model actress could lead to
charges being brought against Harvey
Weinstein because up until now we're
seeing a lot of women come forward but
they don't meet the statute of
limitations do you think that could
change look we know how difficult it is
to prosecute these rape cases we saw
that with Proctor nor the Stanford
student who was accused of rape and
wound up walking free we know that it's
difficult to present these cases so
there are going to be some barriers but
I think that this is a step in the right
direction absolutely yeah and you know
with the LAPD investigating and with all
of this public pressure frankly you
shouldn't need the public pressure
should either you know it should either
meet the standard of evidence that
required to bring a case or not but the
public pressure doesn't hurt in this
case I think they they will perhaps be
able to cobble together a case but it
does end up being he says she says a
little bit there are enough she says is
along the way again to I think make a
compelling case the brock turner is a
great reminder because there was a
witness in that case and the guy still
skated so that was skated because they
kind of was consensual or some crap it
was I'm sorry it just obviously for me
didn't pass the smell test but in any
case I do think it you'll be left with a
tough case but you could probably bring
a case and Brock Turner is no Harvey
Weinstein that's another element to
Harvey Weinstein still is this very
powerful figure so I think that presents
some challenges as well well Harvey
Weinstein pardon for interrupting has
money but I think here's his brand I
hate to use that word but the Harvey
Weinstein has been horribly damaged to
the point that they're just there's
almost a presumption of guilt and also
like you said all these stories that the
details are just they're strikingly
similar here
you go to beat by beat I'm here about
the massages and just isolating a woman
where maybe she wasn't aware that they
were gonna have an isolated encounter
before Lupita Nyong'o says that she'd
kind of assumed on a number of occasions
that it was going to be a group dinner
and that that did not end up being the
case and when it comes to witnesses I
think that's sort of an interesting
dynamic that we're hearing about with
regards to Harvey Weinstein is you have
people that were complicit you know I
mean you hear about these people who
kind of who knew more and did not enough
and we're good we're gonna get into that
in a later story and it's sort of are
they're not necessarily witnesses if
they're not you know in the room but
people who were nervous enough and who
were telling stories Lupita was saying
that uh when she was sitting down into
dinner when she was just a student at
Yale that people were giving her sort of
advice like all right you you need
Harvey Weinstein but just be aware that
he can be you know a bully was the word
that they were using but you sort of
know you know was a real problem with
these these sexual abuse cases and it
extends to as we know much greater
universes than Harvey Weinstein this
idea that you're there's an awareness
but no one says anything it's happened
in the Catholic Church I mean you know
once the once the top is blown off that
you see that there must have been all
this awareness you to the point there
going was everybody aware and yet there
there's awful sexual abuse there so I
think it's a it's a great and
provocative question even though you're
not a witness to it if you have
awareness of it what is your obligation
at that point like the female assistant
who left the room according to Lupita's
account as soon as she sat down to
dinner with mr. with Harvey Weinstein
his female assistant was nowhere to be
found sort of this honey pot that Lord
probably lured other women into these
similar situations how do you live with
that I mean IIIi can't say for sure that
that woman knew but we know that other
people in his company knew about this
how do you how do you live with that
kind of guilt yeah and I think that what
we need to see is that this level of
transparency that is that is so recent
will lead to accountability qit
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream at pod
that get all the network shows and
support independent media TYT Network
comm /join
