following allegations from a second
woman indicating that Brett Kavanaugh
may have sexually assaulted
Yale student by the name of Deborah
Ramirez a number of people who are
aligned with Trump and Trump himself
have come forward denying the accusation
saying that they still support Cavanaugh
and that this is nothing more than a
smear campaign so before we get to the
Conway's and the Lindsey Graham's of the
world let's go to Donald Trump he wanted
to address these allegations made by
Debra Ramirez and here's what he had to
say mr. president people just have
concerns about the zipline man
these are highly unsubstantiated
statements from people represented by
lawyers you should look into the lawyers
terms of representation
a good way to figure out whether this is
a smear campaign and whether this is
purely political and whether this is
unfair and unjust is to call for the FBI
to do an independent investigation this
would be a background check a more
thorough background check to see if any
of these allegations might be true but
Donald Trump and Senate Republicans do
not want that investigation to take
place so yeah the bar for a trump is so
low now that whenever I watch a trump
clip and he doesn't say that water is
tremendously wet I feel like oh hey you
got through an answer without totally
humiliating himself now in this case
he's now actively decided that he's
going to attack the people who might be
victims of Cavanagh and he's gonna just
he's decided no I'm all-in I'm gonna
call it all political that they're made
up that they're totally made up and that
the Democrats worked with the lawyers
for these women to make them up I don't
think that's a fruitful strategy but
that's super obvious though when was the
last time Donald Trump had a productive
strategy if right exactly so Kellyanne
Conway was on CBS this morning and she
also addressed the latest accusations
here's what she had to say
why does it not matter to anyone that
judge Kavanagh has said unequivocally
and categorically these allegations are
false
he thinks the latest one show a pattern
of a smear campaign against him and he
has said from the beginning that he
wasn't at the party in question
thirty-six years ago in in Maryland all
that has to matter but this president
this president wants them both to
testify in the Senate Judiciary
Committee has set up a process where
they both can I just don't think one man
shoulder should bear decades of the
military
Vince what does that even mean that one
man shoulder should bear decades of the
me to movement no like he's being
accused by two specific people at the
moment there could be a third based on
what Michael avenatti says and by the
way let me just correct myself she was
addressing doctor blah Z's allegations
in that clip and so look so her argument
is well he says he wasn't at the party
so that means something but it's he said
she said like that's why you need to
have an FBI investigation and that's
exactly what Republicans want Lindsey
Graham you know talked about the hearing
with dr. Blasi which is at the moment
scheduled for Thursday and he was asked
if there are gonna be any other people
involved or there gonna be any witnesses
anyone else speaking other than Brett
Kavanaugh and dr. Blasi and he said no
that all you need to do is hear from
those two but then if you do that again
it's a he-said she-said situation they
don't want any corroborating evidence
it's crazy yeah so the general principle
she's lays out it are perfectly fine but
when you in this context it makes some
sense so what do I mean by that so if
you said Charlie Rose shouldn't have to
bear the whole meet you movement on his
shoulders he's not he's just being
judged based on what he did nobody's
judging Charlie Rose on what Harvey
Weinstein did or what roger ailes her
Bill O'Reilly did they're just saying
charlie what you did was bad enough that
you got to go right now if you said hey
um as he's a sorry should not be judged
for the actions of everyone else you
should just judge him based on what he
did well we would agree to that too and
and different people come out
differently on that issue but that's
more of an open question and one that is
can be and has been debated right then
you write to say well you can't put
Weinstein on on ZZZ a hundred percent
right but nobody's putting Weinstein on
Charlie Rose or AB red Cavanaugh they're
all judged on the merits of their
particular situation if you said to me
Cavanaugh didn't do these things but why
Cena and O'Reilly did it like and why
would I care what I said no Riley did in
this context you just told me the guy
didn't do it
of course he doesn't bear the burden of
what other people did so it's a straw
man argument okay
and then when she says well you know his
point of view should also be taken into
account I don't know I'm sure that there
are people who don't take this point of
view into account but we do that's
that's why it's not like we came out
we're like we're positive okay it's over
Ramirez is definitely right dr. Blasi
Ford is credible boat
not just credible she's a hundred
percent right right I don't care what he
says no reason I don't think anybody
reasonable is saying that we're saying
yeah that's why it's hard to figure out
he says it didn't happen they have a
credible case that it didn't happen
that's why we'd like to to find out more
well there is one specific person a
senator who does not care what doctor
Blasi has to say and this is the point
that I was trying to make when the whole
debate happened regarding whether or not
dr. Blasi should testify if the
Republicans refused the FBI
investigation I argued that these
senators Republican senators had already
made up their mind they don't care what
she has to say while she testifies and
guess who proved that point for me
Senator Lindsey Graham so I'm gonna skip
ahead to a video for here is Lindsey
Graham arguing that yeah doesn't matter
what she has to say I've made up my mind
I were to listen to her but I'm being
honest with you and everybody else what
do you expect me to do you can't bring
it in a criminal court you would never
sue civilly you couldn't even get a
warrant what am I supposed to do go
ahead and ruin this guy's life based on
an accusation I don't know when it
happened I don't know where it happened
and everybody named in regard to being
there said it didn't happen I'm just
being honest unless there's something
more no I'm not gonna ruin a judge
Cavanaugh's life over this okay so he
also said that based on you know what's
been agreed to on Thursday for the
Thursday hearing it will just be Brett
Kavanaugh testifying and dr. Blasi
testifying things could change things
are constantly changing there are new
allegations but by another woman and so
Democrats are saying we need to postpone
this and have an FBI investigation but
just too quickly and
sir Lindsey Graham's question what do
you want me to do here's what I want you
to do here's what a lot of people want
you to do had the FBI investigate this
do a thorough background check you know
he brought up oh you know the statute of
limitations is over you can't have a
criminal investigation no one's asking
for a criminal investigation he even
brought up a civil lawsuit no one's
asked you for a civil lawsuit we're
asking for the FBI to get involved so we
can have an independent organization try
to determine who's telling the truth
here and in even barring that the least
you could do is to listen to the
hearings with an open mind she's not
interested in that again if it was a
democratic appointment or a Republican
appointment and I was a senator on that
committee I would definitely want to
hear both sides of the story cuz if it
leads me to believe that he didn't do it
I'd be doubly pissed if it leads me to
believe that he did do it then would I
change my mind yes of course I would
change my mind but here's a city United
States Senator Graham I don't care
there's what there's nothing she can say
that makes you believe that well your
life you know he doesn't want to ruin
Cavanaugh's life by listening to that
testimony and actually you know being
unbiased in this case if you thought
after listening to it you thought no
these allegations are not credible and I
don't want to ruin the guy's life okay
but before listening to it saying I've
already made up my mind well first of
all it's not the right thing to do
second was also not a very savvy thing
to say you know if you were a little bit
smarter you would play politics better
than this and you go oh yeah I got a
total open mind my god my voters you
should understand what kind of an open
mind I have then listen to it and then
go oh well golly gee man it turns out
he's right and she's wrong
but now they're so brazen they don't
even care to lie anymore they're like no
no I'm biased I don't give a damn what
anybody thinks hey my Republican base
remember how biased I am in favor of the
man and never the woman okay just so you
know and the conservative and never the
progressive and never anything else it
doesn't matter I'm always going to be
biased in favor of my team well he
probably thinks politically maybe that
does help him because her polling voters
don't care anymore
that they
you'll want you to be biased and they
don't care about the facts actually now
that I've put a little bit like that
there is an argument to be made that
rebelling voters don't care about facts
anymore so this might appeal to them two
easy ways for the young turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
