in advance of the speech in the
University in Florida of the white
supremacist Richard Spencer there were
concerns about possible violence I know
that well over a half a million dollars
was spent by the university for security
would have been great if they were able
to spend that on something else but know
they have to spend it to protect the
students from the violence that could
erupt from a Nazis speech so they did
that
he had his speech reported on it
yesterday it seems like he didn't really
get to say much it was mostly shouted
out sorry buddy that's what free speech
is like but the concerns about possible
violence were not misplaced I mean he is
of course an integral part of the the
situation that developed in
Charlottesville that resulted in the
murder of a protestor Heather hare was
killed there and so the concern was that
somebody else could possibly lose their
life possibly even more when you put out
a message designed to draw these extreme
lunatics to you and it turns out that
those fears were well-placed the spring
of his picture you're gonna see three
individuals big fans of Richard Spencer
there and turns out that they tried to
murder someone after attending his
speech so they were arrested the arrest
report said a silver Jeep containing
those three men pulled up to a bus stop
where protesters are sitting one of the
suspects started yelling Heil Hitler in
case this story and the narrative the
arc that it's gonna take wasn't obvious
enough very Sheldon does anything good
follow yelling Heil Hitler not except
when Jeffrey Lord got fired but in this
particular case one of the individuals
allegedly stepped out of the Jeep with a
handgun the two others egged him on to
shoot them and kill them talking about
some of the protesters and thankfully
nobody died because he doesn't know he
apparently has terrible aim he fired at
the protesters and missed thankfully
then fled as a coward and thankfully
they took down the license plate number
of the jeep and they were able to be
found by the way that's amazing because
the shots have just been fired
everybody's crazy and still they down be
a license I understand how they did it
but they did it thankfully and what's so
interesting is that when you go to
before the speech it turns out that
of those individuals who tried to murder
protesters against Richard Spencer there
we're a quite vocal about what they were
looking to get and doesn't there are
things that they said don't necessarily
line up with their actions now Tyler ten
Berghe the one who actually fired the
shot said it appears that the only
answer left is violence and nobody wants
that
well maybe not nobody seems like you
want that actually it seems like you
brought a gun to this event looking to
murder someone and then one of the other
individuals who is egging him on says
only people who think we're the violent
ones causing violence are people who
watch CNN but then you were the guy
shouting to murder the protesters so
that undercuts your message there a
little bit and William Fears went on to
say we're starting to want to intimidate
back we don't want violence we don't
want harm but at the end of the day
we're not opposed to defending ourselves
I don't know what defending means to him
but I probably doesn't mean getting out
of your Jeep and firing a weapon a
firearm at unarmed protesters and I
think you know one thing about that I
think this happened after
Charlottesville it's certainly evidence
here is that one thing to keep in mind
is one of the ways that the white
supremacist white nationalist and
ethanol nationalist movements are
recruiting and one of the reasons
they're growing so quickly is that
they're actually coming from these sort
of men's rights advocacy spaces online
so that's like proud boys and a bunch of
other sort of groups like that the one
is that they actually have a sub arm for
them that sort of program from before
they have they call it a private militia
the name of it is the Fraternal Order of
the alt Knights it's like you can't even
make fun of them sometimes but they're
being serious I mean they believe
exactly that that violence is the only
answer even though nobody wants it it's
one of the hallmarks of their constant
refrain and they see themselves as the
aggrieved party that's exactly right and
so in a way there's sort of this
combination of this recruiting pool and
you see these white nationalist white
supremacist tenets no nationalist
actually coming and going to them say
well this is largely the kinds of people
that we could pull into our fold and
they're actually coming from what is
essentially these young white men
communities that are mostly AK instead
of grieved I mean and as evidence of
that the leading social media accounts
for white supremacy on Twitter had a
300% increase between the years of 2014
and 2000
sixteen and you know that's the white
genocide community is sort of how they
define themselves broadly and it is a
reflection of the landscape there's a
reason why they're turning towards
violence they're actually pre organized
and predisposed to that much of what we
saw in Charlottesville came from these
communities the fact that there was
people there ready for violence it
wasn't just that there was a bunch of
nasty white nationalists they actually
are training for this that is what this
Fraternal Order does and you know just
today the Hilton in Arizona had to
cancel a conference from V there which
is another leading white nationalist
organization this is the first year that
they've ever tried to host a national
conference in convening for white
supremacist and sort of literally like a
trade association kind of thing because
they are emboldened and these are are
not outliers these would come from
Donald Trump I mean that's right said it
has been building right but now they
feel and you see this by the way all
these reports come out of a person it
cost someone and in a convenience store
something and they shall things like
this is Trump's America yes the world's
a different place now Trump himself said
it last week you know we're going back
to a different time that's what we
warned about and it looks like a lot of
people are very enthusiastic about it
and by the way I mean there's been a
little bit of reporting of this
attempted murder it seems like it would
be picked up a little bit more
considering the last big meeting did
lead to the murder of a protester but I
find a little bit odd is that the people
on both on the right and people like
like Tommy Lauren and the classic
liberals who cares so much about free
speech rights when a protestor is almost
gunned down by people who say at least
that they're on your side you may
disagree that they're on your side but
they're claiming to be aligned with you
when they try to take the lives of
people who are speaking out and
protesting acting politically why then
does your concern for free speech not
come up why are there no tweets why are
there no blogs or why are there no vlogs
no final thoughts it's weird that
there's suddenly silence from you when
your side is attempting to gun down
people they disagree with
we need that belt for the doubles we're
dirty exactly there's a lot of double
standards going around I think that
pretty much for the rest of trumps term
at the very least you'd hear a lot of
bells going on around the country help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
