all right and neo-nazi leader Richard
Spencer spoke at the University of
Florida today but unfortunately due to
protests his speech got cut a little
short and he was upset that he was being
booed now Florida have had been
preparing for this event for the entire
week and for weeks to come up to this
speech in fact on Monday Florida
Governor Rick Scott declared a state of
emergency where the university is
located to enable law enforcement
agencies to work together more
efficiently he also made a provision for
the National Guard to be activated if
necessary now the university prepared
for the event as well
in fact University of Florida president
W Kent Fuchs denounced Spencer's white
supremacist platform as abhorrent in a
letter to students but said that the
school could not stop him from renting
the Phillips Center for the event
because it's a public university now by
law the school also has to pay for any
additional costs of security and given
the heightened concerns the school is
providing extra security that exceeds
six hundred thousand dollars which is a
lot of money and taxpayers are going to
have to pay for that because it's a
public university the president said I
really don't believe that's fair that
the taxpayer is now subsidizing through
these kind of events the security and
having to subsidize his hate speech all
right now leading up to the event
Richard Spencer was aware that the state
of emergency was enacted he was aware of
the police and the protesters that were
preparing and he was eating it up in an
interview with CNN he said that he was
flattered by the state of emergency
declaration which he said put him on par
with hurricanes and invading armies and
zombie apocalypses which just tells you
what kind of swell guy he is
and so Richard venture is obviously a
douchebag 1 & 2 a huge proponent of
checks out a huge proponent of freedom
of speech right that's what they try
they use that as a guys for their hate
speech right but what's interesting
though is in preparation for this event
Richard Spencer hand selected the press
that was allowed into the event so that
he could control the spin that was being
played for his speech reporters who had
signed up to cover Spencer's event
received an email on Wednesday from the
University telling them that all media
credentialing decisions are made by the
MPI which refers to the National Policy
Institute which is the neo-nazi think
tank that is run by Spencer so that's a
very interesting twist in this story and
I definitely want to get into that
because they do think that that's sort
of ironic given what Spencer stands for
and the the conversation that he has
around free speech but first I want to
show you guys a video from a the
National reporter from the Huff Post he
was in the auditorium when Spencer was
speaking and you can hear students
chanting go home Spencer in other videos
you can hear them chanting that Nazis
are not welcome here and Spencer's
response is kind of interesting
take a look
and
all right so a few things that I want to
clarify the people in the back are
putting up the black power fist or not
putting up like it's hard to tell from
the video especially in that kind of
crowd you don't know if people raising
one hand what kind of salute they're
doing but that so that's what they were
doing and you can see the space between
all the empty chairs and that's the
space between the protesters in the back
that were separated by the chairs
separated by police and then presumably
supporters of Spencer who in the front
we can't see that many of them but
presumably they were there I have seen
them snapchat has a map feature which if
you pinch your face when you're taking a
selfie you reveal the map you then go to
Gainesville right now which is where the
University of Florida is and you could
look all over campus today all over
campus at the University of Florida was
a ghost town except for the quick
response forces which are guys in you
know tan like long-sleeve shirts and
barely quick on that I just want I right
before the show
Kimberly Archer from University of
Florida emailed me saying can you cover
this story like this is crazy she said
that students were afraid to set foot on
campus and that a bunch of professors
canceled classes because they were
terrified of violence you can see that's
absurd you can see inside classrooms
where multiple students have just posed
it like there's no one here today I
guess I didn't get the memo but inside
the event you could also see someone
posted a snap from the balcony looking
down and there's about 20 about 20
Richard Spencer people yeah compare that
to the scores of folks outside actually
snapchat they have like they go together
and they group different events and they
give it a little title and you can see a
little thumbnail it started with Richard
Spencer event and then they changed it
to an edited featured video called and
it displaced the Richard Spencer event
and it was replaced with protesting
racism at game Wow yeah that's powerful
I think it's interesting because a lot
of folks did opt to not go including
folks who actually did want to attend
the event who were scared to attend the
event so a lot of folks opted to watch
it online I guess that was an option so
I think what this means symbolically is
great but it doesn't mean that folks
still aren't interested
this message yeah and I and I don't
think that's necessary saw a
Charlottesville we see online on a daily
basis that folks are interested in this
message right but what I think is really
interesting right is that he you know
before the event right he wanted to
essentially stifle like the freedom of
the press right he wanted to still pick
and choose who was allowed in the room
and could cover the event and then he
claimed that during the speech he said
you're trying to stifle our free speech
while people were booing and it's like
we also have freedom to protest freedom
to assemble and it's like just because
you have free speech doesn't mean you
have the freedom to be heard like the
problem is those voices are louder thank
God than you and you don't that just
because you can't be heard it you
decided not to speak through the boos
doesn't mean you still don't have
freedom of speech so I'm sorry not sorry
the voices are so much louder than the
folks he has have you selling tickets
and you can there is a small group in
the front which is completely just you
know dwarfed in numbers by the folks
that are inside outside there you can
see people outside they had some amazing
chants one of which was just no violence
yeah when things started to get testy
the crowd would chant no violence yeah
things like you know Richard Spencer go
home Nazis not welcome here there was
someone translating the chants into sign
language for people who were hearing him
there they say you're welcome and then
all over campus people had put up
fraternities had put up signs it said
we're about love and not hate someone
had just printed out you're loved on a
bunch of pieces of white paper and it's
all over campus someone went through and
just panned around and showed showed all
the the outpouring of support and it's
in multiple languages including German
and English and Spanish
okay so monastic yeah just like switch
sides so what I feel like we have the
good people the good guys have won here
fights not over but just it is
impossible to say that Richard Spencer
and the message of hate have one when
there are so many positive voices
out there who seemed to and this is as
of the you know an hour ago who seemed
to have have kept it mellow and and and
spread a message of love and and told
those Nazis that they're not welcome
there ya know and I think that's really
profound and I think that's very
important and just again like you can
you have the freedom to stand on a
soapbox wherever you want and say what
you want in this country and I you know
I stand firmly behind freedom of speech
and I will protect that right even if I
don't agree with you that said we don't
have to listen to you or would pay for
it like the universities need to
consider some kind of logistical
solution to funding right these kinds of
forums right so I know he had to pay to
rent this space should that cost be
inclusive of the additional security
that you required because you are this
volatile public identity you need to fit
the bill or fit the bill for you know
the added security and all the measures
that you know we need to provide because
you've decided but this is the space
that you want to kind of present your
ideas in so that's a really good point
as well the girl who emailed me the
viewer who emailed me who is a student
there said look I'm paying for a service
presumably I'm paying for an education
and now I'm also paying to have this
person spew hateful rhetoric so there's
a lot of talk about safe spaces in
America that safe space is just a term
people can use that term differently
right and I think a university is a safe
it should be a safe space for your body
should be a city you should be safe
there yeah it should not necess a safe
safe space not from ideas but a safe
space for the exchange of ideas yeah so
when it comes to having Richard Spencer
there that I'd be fine with him going
and speaking but it's such a weird
dynamic that the president the president
the university can now say well he's in
charge of so much because he essentially
just paid to rent the space out well
hate to rent the space out and then he
chose his press so if he's choosing
which people are allowed and to cover it
wouldn't you say like
sort of his safe space yeah absolutely
and but the other thing is part of his
strategy is to have this discussion
specifically right now I'm perfectly
fine
giving it to him having this discussion
or really any discussion because our
ideas are better than his but he wants
to have that discussion of Oh everyone's
mad that like this isn't getting covered
right and that I they don't want me here
they're classifying me the same way as a
hurricane other things that he our part
of a strategy is naming his think tanks
called the National Policy Institute
right which is so intellectually
dishonest and frightening ly benign
sounding right I feel like that shtick
he just changed it's like the names of
awful I mean he's changed the neo-nazi
movie Nazi movement unto to all right
but that's his shtick is just like
rebranding yeah and and he's a market
are not just him yeah he's avoiding like
the common pitfalls of regular average
garden-variety traditional white
supremacist which are like himself
personally wearing swastikas and you
know there's one interview that I read
about a guy I think we all saw this
which was there's a guy who's like eight
you know more Nazi type white
supremacist who said I just you know he
doesn't go as far as I want he doesn't
talk about Zionist media and he also had
his group has issued in advance of
events guidelines for like how to dress
nice so people call us dapper yeah
they're trying to expand the idea or the
framework for what it means to present
as a white supremacist right to again
kind of reduce the stigma of kind of
these historical depictions that we have
of white supremacist but then you know
you walk down marching you know
hollering blood and soil with torches
like your ear you're calling on those
past ghosts so I think there is a way in
which they are trying to again rebrand
and they're even being covered in that
way I remember Richard Spencer being
like cast as somebody who was fashion
forward and it's like okay but his ideas
are backwards so
where are we why are we doing this so a
ton of questions a lot of nuance I think
with this movement and I think it's
interesting that this is happening
alongside the recent declaration that
black identity extremists are now the
number one like a terrorist national
terrorist threat right but this is the
group where we've got to call you know
then we have to call the state of
emergency right so it's like who really
is the the domestic security threat if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
