so in case scrolling through Twitter
sometimes makes you sad at the state of
the world there's a new conspiracy
theory spreading on the site that might
bring a smile to your face or to make
you even more sad I don't actually know
but apparently some people think that
Melania has a body double now this
theory was first put forth by a woman on
Twitter named Andreia Wagner barton and
she came up with this theory because of
a video that she saw a president Trump
speaking next to Melania let's take a
look at that video a very big statement
we will be doing that my wife Melania
happens to be right here finds that
subject to be of such vital importance
and she's very much involved in those
universities on the committee and really
wants to be involved in that process
yes yes
they would love me to stay in only for
one reason look at the kind of money
that's being said you know Ron is
spending money in various countries and
I've always said and I say to them don't
do anything don't worry about it
take all the money you can get they're
all friends of mine all right so who
knows
I think it's Melania but I do enjoy it's
a conspiracy theory now and then um now
Andre Wagner Barton says that she thinks
that's a decoy that stood in for Melania
because she's wonders why on earth you
would say you know my wife Melania who
who happens to be standing right here
that's me that's I am that person for
sure I think he said it because this is
his like feeble attempt at like trying
to like be gender aware like I'm not
going to speak for her oh yeah you're
going to be gender oh no I know trying
to signal right that's how I read it I
was like one why not just let her say
that she represents this organization
but instead you're speaking for her yet
again always looks like she's hiding
it's real quick care of her and the
sunglasses compared to her not in
sunglasses so it's it's her right it
looks different but it hurts her yeah
there are food there are photos there
are photos from later in the day where
you see it is obviously Melania wearing
the same outfit which but we don't see
her take the sunglasses off so I think
once Melania was available to body
double left hmm and the real Melania
came in the question is with the glasses
I think she wears such heavy glasses
it's they're awesome she looks great
I don't want to say it's very stylish
but the heaviness of the glasses kind of
pushes the nose out yeah like a weird
like shadowy light or dark
like contour makeup artists just didn't
contour her nose that day the bevel is
shining light on the bridge of her nose
that's we're gonna bevel glare no I
think the biggest I think the biggest
thing from watching this video is that
they're completely not like they're not
a couple they're not like attuned to
each other
he's like Maya this is what my speech as
my wife Melania oh yes this is her as
well like he doesn't even know how to
interact with our in a normal way who
loves me very much
I paid her a lot to say that I don't
creep her out like I creep everyone out
no that's not the case the fact that she
did the briefing in the sunglasses I
thought was ridiculous I was like this
is like you are the first lady what you
can't just do what you know she's
reading this story and she's like can we
do that yeah that's really good yeah
that's great lovely if you liked this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
