now this story is really sad it's in a
lot of ways heartbreaking and it has a
couple twists and turns so there was a
flyer put up in a Cleveland State
University that is devastating so let me
tell you about it the flyer was posted
last week on a billboard in CSU's main
classroom building Courtney Cleveland's
Plain Dealer newspaper it reportedly
appeared the same day that the
university's first LGBTQ Center opened
its doors so now I'm off the kids and
here both the kids I guess this is
sensitive terrible stuff as you're kind
of seeing on the graphic next to me but
let me show it to you in full it talks
about suicide in the LGBT community they
say it says 34% of trans people attempt
suicide 30% of suicides are LGBT related
well those are haunting stats but they
actually think that it's a good thing
and above a person hanging on a noose it
says follow your fellow faggots Wow and
there are some bad folks in this country
okay at the bottom of the post through
the words fascist solutions were printed
no individual or group has claimed
responsibility a similar flyer was
spotted in Houston earlier this year I
obviously I don't know who did it if we
did you know there there might not be
any consequences so that's the another
interesting part of this story they did
take him down but only because they said
the University Director of
Communications and Media Relations said
because proper posting procedure was not
followed the reason it was taken down is
because of posting etiquette at the
University well it turns out that the
leaders of the university might believe
that it is protected speech they said if
the flyer had been put up following the
correct protocol it would not have been
taken down do be told the Plain Dealer
according to the legal framework related
to free speech it would have been
allowed Wow then we go to Cleveland
University's President Ronald Berkman he
said while CSU was fully
committed to campus community that
respects all individuals the school was
also committed to upholding the First
Amendment even with regard to
controversial issues where opinion is
divided weight is opinion really divided
on whether gay people should hang
themselves and whether we should unite
around fascists who encourage members of
the LGBTQ community to commit suicide is
is Cleveland State University really
divided on campus on that issue so look
I am very much in favor of allowing
conservatives even the most obnoxious
hateful conservatives to speak on
college campuses I fervently believe in
the First Amendment I think some of the
hate speech laws sometimes on campuses
or rules cross a line and I think that a
lot more speech should be allowed than
they then some groups argue for but at
some point you do get to hate speech and
it does get to intimidate some other
people in the community you know the old
rule about your rights and at the bridge
of my nose so now they didn't actually
hang any people thank God but when you
encourage hangings were getting pretty
close
so as quarts and reports about the AOC
ACLU of Northern California they
explained that direct threats aren't
protected by the First Amendment but to
count as a threat speech has to incite
imminent lawless action I don't know
that this is imminent lawless action but
boy we're right on the edge there and I
don't know hey they're a public
university and so they do they have to
respect the First Amendment it's not a
private university they can't set their
own rules in that regard
but if I mean so that is one enormous
issue and I think it's a really
interesting one and I think that if if
anything was to be classified as hate
speech this would be right up there and
I think there's a great case to be made
for that another thing is that
we've gotten so divided that people are
putting up posters like this in this
country Wow and by the way
unsurprisingly they actually got the
numbers wrong it's actually worse than
they said a 2014 study found that 46% of
transgender men and 42% of transgender
women in the United States had attempted
suicide compared with just four point
six of the overall overall US population
in a 2011 study 44% of bisexual youth
reported thinking about suicide at least
once in the previous 30 days man those
are stunning numbers and horrible
haunting numbers and I think all decent
people would want to change that I was
just on a panel the other night with his
transgender activists and for you
animals out there who are right-wing and
think oh you know what we should
encourage them to hang themselves and
they're not real people and a nation of
the same rights as us I got news for you
yes they are fellow human beings they
are made of flesh and blood and they
care and they have families they have
loved ones to root for your fellow man
to do that to themselves and to kill
themselves and that is a level of hatred
that is hard to comprehend but here we
are in the year 2017 in the United
States of America help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network calm /join
