they do this thing where it's like a
piece of bread like French bread and
then they put like a thin layer of like
a tomato sauce on it there and then it's
I hold I know it sounds weird but it's a
like thin slice of anchovies that's been
with like it tastes like it's vinegary
like it's been preserved no it's so good
no guys don't even know no I challenge
you that that is in any way
controversial that sounds delish so good
it's so good and then the great thing
about Europe is especially Spain if you
go to a bar to drink they just give you
tapas like they give you snacks like 101
they say Europe is too liberal I say not
liberal enough oh okay okay free tapas I
mean we're dying over here in America
okay we got no free tacos we don't have
free health insurance without free
college and have free top
