more and more women are sharing their
stories of sexual assault or sexual
harassment and a lot of those
individuals include public figures
people in the entertainment industry and
now we're also hearing from Olympians so
Olympic gymnast mckayla maroney
shared her story of being sexually
assaulted by an Olympic doctor and this
doctor is actually currently in prison
actually he's in jail awaiting trial on
child pornography charges
but dr. Larry Nasser who is currently
awaiting sentencing after pleading
guilty to federal child pornography
charges is the person that Maroney is
accusing of assaulting her for years
since she was 13 years old now she used
the meet to hash tag to share her story
on Twitter and here is a portion of her
statement she said it started when I was
13 years old and it didn't end until I
left the sport I had a dream to go to
the Olympics and the things that I had
to endure to get there were unnecessary
and disgusting so again it started when
she was 13 years old she said I had
flown all day recounting one of the
instances with the team to get to Tokyo
Nasser had given me a sleeping pill for
the flight and the next thing I know I
was all alone with him in his hotel room
getting treatment I thought I was going
to die that night
now to give you further context there
have been a number of women who have
come forward accusing him of sexual
assault they would say that during these
physical exams he would place his
fingers inside them and fondle them in
ways that were obviously inappropriate
and so he is pleading not guilty to
those charges but when it comes to child
pornography he has agreed to plead
guilty so one of the interesting things
about the story is that he's got
hundreds of lawsuits against them so
this guy was a serial abuser and like
like Ana said he's already pled guilty
at least to the child pornography
charges so we kind of see where this is
going and I don't think hundreds of
people are making it up and many of
maroney's teammates had already accused
Nasser of abuse while they were minors
but even so it took all the other women
coming forward before Maroni thought you
know what I there's no reason to hide it
there's no reason to feel bad about it
no he should feel bad about it and now
she's finally coming forward to and
she's a gold medal winner and so a
little bit bigger spotlight but just to
see this happening in real time or as
women are growing bolder and get
encouraged by each other to step out and
fight back it's I don't want you to
underestimate what an amazing time this
is it is it's really and like it's
happening right in front of our eyes as
the culture is shifting because it's
apparently I mean and as we see one
story after another amazing what men
used to get away with and we never
talked about ales Cosby Weinstein Trump
and the list goes on and on Nasser and
and it was all buried all birdie get
popped little stories here and there but
we had no idea how endemic it was and
maybe women knew it a hell of a lot
better than mended but to see it
unfolding in real time as women kind of
stand up together collectively and go no
more it's wonderful to see it is it is
and and what's also incredible and
depressing at the same time is because
of this me to campaign there have been
so many women that I know personally
speaking up and sharing stories that I
didn't previously know about and it's
just heartbreaking to know you know the
number of women that we all know that
that have gone through this and I've
been thinking about the me to campaign a
lot because you know there are women who
share some of the most heinous stories
like what Maroney is talking about you
know being fondled being sexually
assaulted like that and so when when I
think about you know things that I've
gone through I feel like it's not it's
not appropriate for me to share the
stories that I've experienced right so I
have shared the story of the guy who was
riding his bike and he went around he
slapped my butt and then rode away
laughing and then he came around again
to do it again and then
that was when I defended myself and I
kicked him off the bike and so that was
the only I thought that was the only
time that I had ever experienced
anything like that and then I remembered
something else that I've never talked
about and and I never felt shame because
it happened you hear women talk about oh
I felt shame when it happened but I
actually feel shame now because when it
happened I just thought of it as well
that's just the way things go and I have
to accept it and I feel embarrassed by
that so I'm not naming any names but I
remember talking to you about it so you
you will remember it you and I went to a
party for a pretty big youtuber oh I
remember now yes and there were a number
of big youtubers there one of which I
was a fan of and we took a picture
together and as we were taking that
picture he thought that it was by the
way my my boyfriend at the time was
taking the photo of us he thought it was
completely appropriate to grab my ass as
that picture was being taken and so it's
weird because I thought I'm yeah I
didn't like it but I just kind of like
put it in the back of my head as this is
just the way things go
this is how people treat you sometimes
there's nothing I can do about it and
and that kind of stuff happens all the
time and I actually find myself lucky
that I haven't had to go through some of
the extreme situations that other women
have had to go through but but every
woman has gone through something like
that you know yeah and and maybe with
this movement it's gonna get a lot
harder because you know if you're a guy
and you're thinking about sexually
harassing a woman or assaulting them
yeah you sure it's not gonna get put on
social media immediately so you better
think twice and if you think that that's
a bad thing well mmm I Got News for you
you might be the bad guy so I think it's
a great thing that women are fighting
back if you like this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network com /join
