Donald Trump has received quite a bit of
criticism in regard to a phone call that
he made to a grieving widow
it was the widow of a fallen soldier
Army sergeant Lee David Johnson and he
was accused of telling a Myesha his wife
that you know he knew what he was signed
up for and so it's interesting to see
those on the right lining up to defend
Trump and essentially telling the
grieving widow that she should just be
happy that the president made the time
to call her in the first place so let's
start off with Brian Kilmeade here's
what he had to say about that phone call
and also about the criticism that Trump
is receiving from representative
fredericka Wilson take a look listen
that's one this is one representatives
opinion about what she thought the tone
was and how it was being portrayed the
president - the the slain soldiers
family do you really think who are you
to sit there and say I am offended by
the way the president stood upon the
president's tone to this family this
family wants to speak out I get it for
her to scramble and call CNN into this
make herself that the this this major
event is to me is is totally
inappropriate so now everyone when you
go to a wake when you go to a funeral
you're gonna be graded on how proud of
the proper morning so just to be clear
representative Wilson is not the only
individual who spoke out against that
calls criticized that call in a negative
fashion Johnson's mother also spoke out
about it telling the Washington Post
that President Trump did disrespect my
son and my daughter and also me and my
husband
and so other family members who
experienced that call are also speaking
out and talking to the press so it is
not just representative Wilson who's
sharing her perspective it's not just
one person so that's happening and so
that is kil Meade's commentary let's
hear from another Fox News person my
response to this was the President of
the United States of America called to
say thank you for your service
I'm sorry for your sacrifice that in and
of itself is extremely special
the president phone to call these family
the president is not required to call on
the families it's just extra special and
very nice when they do so she's right -
the president's not required to call the
family members but presidents typically
do that because that's the decent thing
to do as commander-in-chief but also
what she doesn't realize is if a woman
is grieving the loss of her husband
getting a call from the president where
he says he knew what he signed up for is
not extra-special okay I would rather
not get that phone call I would rather
not get a call from Trump and not hear
those words because that is not
something that would comfort me as I'm
grieving and she knows that she feels
the same way - so these are the same
folks by the way who yesterday were
defending Trump when he said Obama and
Bush and other presidents would make the
calls they're like yeah that is that
outrageous that those presidents
wouldn't make those calls today they'd
flip around and go he does that's a good
the president doesn't have to call if
it's our president if it's the guy we
like and suck-up - yes you're lucky
called why would presidents don't make
the good don't have to do this I know
yes the day before Trump's I got other
presidents didn't do it I'm so much
better than them no no they will
flip-flop and make you know points that
are convenient to whatever defense Trump
at that time so they will aggressively
criticize NFL players for kneeling
during the national anthem but then they
will also aggressively defend Trump
after he tells a grieving widow oh your
husband knew what he signed up for when
he joined the military I mean it's just
it's pathetic and by the way I love all
of these people lining up to defend him
some of some of which are completely
denying that he would even say something
like that
in fact Bill O'Reilly tweeted no proof
needed for the media which immediately
reported the congressman's ala
allegations as truth I don't know what
was said and neither does any other
member of the press but this whole thing
has to look has the look of a setup
doesn't it no it doesn't have the look
of a setup how soon we forget the fact
that Trump openly criticized John McCain
for being a prisoner of war
okay that was incredibly disrespectful
to someone who served the country
remember Keyser Khan and the fact that
he lost
son as he was serving in our military
what do you think Trump did in regard to
that family because they had the
audacity to speak out during the DNC he
criticized that family okay because you
know it's a Muslim family that had the
audacity to ask Trump to read the
Constitution and then you know it's it's
this ongoing thing with Trump if he
doesn't like you it doesn't matter what
you've done doesn't matter how you've
served the country he will criticize you
whether you were a member of the
military or not so no this is not
surprising and I would absolutely expect
this kind of behavior from him so Oh
several different people in the car have
confirmed the congressman's point of
view so I don't know what more proof
bill o'reilly needs before the press is
allowed to report something that was
said by the president that many
different people heard you need seven
witnesses eight witnesses what do you
need though right and I'm sure that you
felt the same way about Obama right that
hey I'm not gonna report anything
negative about Obama unless I have seven
or eight witnesses I don't remember that
bill and then he's like oh you know it
looks like a setup they were on the way
to get the casket his casket was
arriving that's why the congresswoman
was with them and that's why the we had
military guys in the car and you had
their family members in the car when the
president called but of course Bill
O'Reilly didn't bother do any research
on that one last one is Laura Ingraham I
she's the one that I see got my blood
boiling the most let's let's watch her
I'd love to put Frederika wilson on the
stand and i would impeach her
credibility in about 30 seconds
she is a virulent Trump hater and a Tea
Party hater and a conservative hater she
has every right she doesn't agree with
President Trump that's fine but don't
hold her out as some you know some
paragon of credibility and absolutely
makes me sick how many of you give much
credibility to the woman who walks
around with a rhinestone cowboy hat that
looks like it came from Dolly Parton's
you know costume costume closet it know
she was like a green one and it's a
she's but she's trying to play Maxine
Waters for the she's a combo of Maxine
Waters and Sheila jackson-lee she's very
I mean I'm all for colorful dressing but
it's you just like you came looks like
you came out of a carnival so woman's a
nut bag okay look you can go on and on
about how she shouldn't comment about
the Congress almost looks that way I'm
used to that I'd say the thing that
angered me more is the whole thing about
oh she's a conservative hater and hence
she has no credibility so Laura Ingraham
saying that I get it she's you know
prosecuting our case but a lot of times
that works in the media and they're like
oh yeah that's a good point you know
she's a Trump hater server debater so
she has no credibility wait a minute how
about you Laura Ingraham you're a
liberal hater
you are Obama hater you hate air like
you and your entire network hate
everything about progressives you hate
everything about a Democratic Party you
hate everything about Obama in Clinton
this will do you have no credibility no
no no no no you're you're allowed to be
liberal hater you're allowed to be an
Obama hater that's perfectly fine but oh
you are insulting good Americans by
being a conservative ATAR no I don't
like you Laura Ingraham you're a dirtbag
okay and you have no credibility
apparently to comment about Obama or any
other Democrat because you hate them
okay under your own logic shut up shut
up but you're not going to know you use
this double standard and a lot of the
media unfortunately goes along oh yeah
that's a good point yeah no no we should
say the people who don't
like conservative assumable that's real
Americans that's they lack credibility
but if you don't like liberals that's
okay that's fine bash them all you want
no we're not playing that game anymore
I want to play a game you guys want to
play a game yo let's have let's play a
game in regard to whether or not someone
is credible based on their dress a based
on Laura Ingram's logic if you partake
in colorful dress that's a little too
colorful for her taste you lose
credibility
well there are other offenders on the
right but I'd like to point out
particularly this individual let's take
a look
oh that appears to be colorful dress I
would like to impeach her credibility
right here right now she hates liberals
yep exactly well you know Bob I hate it
she has no credibility okay so here's
the thing I absolutely detest tearing
people apart based on the way they look
or the way that they dress unless you're
Alex Jones then you deserve it but in
this case I mean really you're getting
that that was your that was your like
credible talking point in regard to
representative Wilson that she wears a
cowboy hat that you don't like that's
that's what helps you determine
someone's credibility Laura Ingraham is
pathetic you're pathetic and what's even
more pathetic is that she's another
individual who is you know on the right
who has no spine and doesn't have the
balls to stand up to someone like Trump
because you know Trump might do some
favors for her there was there was some
talk about her serving in Trump's White
House and so yeah of course she loves
Trump even though he has gone against
some of the things that she's preached
about in the past Laura Ingraham is a
joke okay and she's a hateful disgusting
individual and the fact that she's
attacking someone based on a rhinestone
cowboy hat shows that she is not a
person of substance it she doesn't have
a single decent argument in this what
I'm done with is the hypocrisy when some
people pointed out they made comments
about Kellyanne Conway's dress and it by
the way it was overwhelmingly not most
progressives they said hey don't do that
you know we didn't want people talking
about Hillary Clinton's dresses you
shouldn't talk about Kelly a colles reza
cetera but it doesn't matter who
if it was an in person on the internet
social media doesn't matter the Laura
Ingraham crowd were like how dare you
you see how sexist liberals are coming
together dress up Kellyanne God why why
I brought that up that's exactly why I
brought it up because there is that
double standard and here's the thing the
reason why that double standard exists
is because Democrats those on the Left
get shamed real easily
right as soon as something happens I'm
sorry I'm sorry they apologize
immediately Republicans don't do that
those on the right don't do that you
know they go ahead and they criticize
people in in the most childish juvenile
ways and then they stand by it they
never apologize for it if you liked this
video you love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
