all right I want to go to the next video
it is representative Wilson again
elaborating further on what she
experienced during that phone call
it's pretty amazing take a look so when
he says that you've totally fabricated
what he said to the wife of the soldier
and he has proof
what's your response well I don't know
what kind of proof he could be talking
about I'm not the only person that was
in the car and I have proof too
this man is a sick man he's cold-hearted
and he feels no pity or sympathy for
anyone so there's a couple of things in
there that that are interesting but one
is what I looked up law news.com is a
good article from Rob Blitzer about this
that's illegal
if he taped her so it Florida is a
two-party consent state Washington DC is
not that's where Donald Trump presumably
made the call but in Florida you need
both parties consent otherwise its
exists a crime if it was in commission
of a more serious offense it could be a
felony if it was not meant to not done
maliciously and for another purpose it
could be a misdemeanor but it is a crime
and and misdemeanors no joke I mean I
crimes and misdemeanors I believe is
what you get a beach for now look I'm
not saying you should be impeached for
the recording the call I mean it works
then yeah he should get a piece nothing
works he's untouchable yeah well trust
me he'll get touched at some point
politically so but anyway so it's it's a
crime and remember this is the second
time that he has talked about recordings
that he has and I think we have this
tweet from Donald Trump he said in the
tweet democratic congresswoman totally
fabricated what I said to the wife of a
soldier who died in action and I have
proof and then sad if first of all you
jerk of jerks we're still talking about
a situation where one of our soldiers
lost his life and you didn't handle the
the call properly with his widow
or at least that's an issue so can you
still stay in the zone of I feel
terrible about the widow and the and the
fallen soldier no just sad oh my god who
said I handled it wrong I'm gonna kick
their ass that's not the time for this
anyway back to the legality he said I he
says I approve he said about James Comey
before if you remember he better be
careful what he says cuz I've got proof
that he said otherwise he's taping
everything he's Nixon he's a total moron
he's Nixon but dumber because you know
why nna again at the time during the
Comey tapes I went back and researched
this and there were articles after
articles before he became president when
he was a businessman of constantly
recording all his calls because he wants
to be able to have ammunition against
you if you say something wrong and he
thinks because he's dumb oh that's okay
the tapes will never get out yeah when
you were a two-bit businessman and a
slash carnival barker the tapes aren't
gonna get out and you could use it when
you're President of the United States if
you're recording calls at some point
some prosecutor could get their hands on
those you moron so for God's sake Muller
subpoena every call from the White House
because he's got the tapes right look I
don't know whether or not he tapes those
phone calls but what I do know is that
he always claims that he has proof in
regard to what he claims so he claimed
that there were millions of people
voting illegally during the past
election he claimed he had proof where's
the proof he said he had proof that the
Obama administration was wiretapping him
never provided proof for that he just
says he has proof for all sorts of
things that he's never provided any
proof of whatsoever and so I'm inclined
to believe the perspective of
representative Wilson and also the widow
who has spoken out and the widows family
members who have also spoken out because
they also happen to be in that car and
they also heard that conversation so
Johnson's mother Kawana Jones Johnson
told The Washington Post President Trump
did disrespect my son and my daughter
and also me and my husband so it is not
the perspective of one person who
happened to be in that car it is the
perspective of every
who happened to be in that car and it
just shows you know this utter lack of
empathy and disrespect that he has for
people in general regardless of who they
are or what they managed to sacrifice
for the country so when Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was asked about it in the press
conference like wait what does he mean
proof theirs is their tapes in the White
House she's like no no no of course not
there were other people in the room yeah
yeah that's it including General John
Kelly oh for God's sake you're gonna
bring him back into this lol he's gonna
be like what do I have to do just to
stop you from talking about me
stop working for him how about that step
down if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com / joy
