all right we've got a second accuser yes
Brett Kavanaugh it's from The New Yorker
Ronan Farrow Jane Mayer just wrote this
story just a little while earlier
tonight and this could be devastating he
and some chance he's done so let me give
you the details and then obviously we'll
see how it plays out throughout the week
and thank you to all of you by the way
who support independent media what the
Young Turks do t y-t-dot-com slash
joined to become a member and get all of
our shows anytime you want okay so it's
a woman named Deborah Ramirez they want
the Yale together
it was freshman year they were playing a
drinking game according to her and she
got very intoxicated I'm gonna come back
to that point later cuz it's important
it cuts in two different directions as
I'll explain and the first part is as
clear as to which direction it cuts
she says her memory of the night is not
great that's why she was reluctant to
come forward and she says that the night
began with playing a drinking game very
very normal freshman year of college and
then there was plenty of joking around
super normal and then apparently one of
the classmates took out a plastic penis
as a gag okay it is what it is and then
she says at one point she was incredibly
intoxicated issues on the floor and and
Kavanagh took out his penis and put it
next to her face that's bad and she had
to push him away and accidentally
touched his penis while doing so she
raised devout Catholic she was you know
embarrassed humiliated and that story
apparently got around before in fact she
says that someone's shouted out at that
point down the hallway because they were
in the dorms you know she says she
remembers though the full name being
used for whatever reason at that time
there's something along the lines of
bread Kavanagh just put his penis in
Deborah's face okay so these are all
uncomfortable things to talk about
obvious
but in the context of this confirmation
process for a Supreme Court justice and
given the previous allegations it's
necessary so now is it credible that's
what of course everybody's going to try
to judge and determine here and it's
very difficult and it's from 35 years
ago etc so what did the New Yorker do in
reporting the story they reached out all
to all the people they could that were
their classmates and some of them
clearly remember that story so that's
very important some of them do not
remember that story at all including a
woman who says that she was really good
friends with Deborah Ramirez and says
well I would have heard that story if I
at the time if if it had happened now I
didn't hear the story logically doesn't
mean much right the story could have
happened and you just didn't happen to
hear about it you're close to her all
right that's a little bit more
indicative about the people who are
saying that they definitely heard this
story why would they make it up one of
them is a CEO for a successful company
and says Deborah was a really innocent
girl and and and sometimes the guys like
to try to get her drunk in particular
etc and that he had heard the story and
so the ones saying they've heard they
heard the story are the ones that I
think are more clear evidence than the
ones saying I don't know I didn't hear
it it doesn't mean it didn't happen
right so there's one male classmate who
says he is 100% sure that he heard the
story and that it was Brett Kavanaugh so
take it for what it's worth and by the
way you might hear a story and it might
be a rumor or it might have got told to
you in a way that later proved to be
exaggeration or not exactly how it
happened I'm just trying to give you all
the context and so that you guys know
and you could read the New York piece
for yourself obviously but now we're all
putting this over a position of trying
to weigh the relative credibility of
these folks many many years later and
today
so you have to look at all the evidence
and again why would she make it up she's
she did not come forward initially but
apparently the the story was circulating
about yoke through Yale classmates and
then it got to some Democrats and then
now you want to get mad at Democrats
that's fine because they started to try
to investigate this and then the
reporters got a hold of it and so at
some point ever Ramirez realized that
they were going to come and ask her and
so she said I'm super hesitant to come
forward because you know I had been
drinking that night heavily and there
are gaps in my memory so the different
things that might have happened that
night but you know you guys were asking
me and yes this is my recollection of
what happened okay
now all of the people that The New
Yorker talked to said Deborah from back
then said Emma Ramirez had a reputation
for being incredibly honest I mean they
made a point of it even the people who
didn't hear this story said yes she was
known for being almost unusually honest
okay so obviously that's also relevant
apparently there's more details about
what used to go on on a Georgetown Prep
and so it relates to this story because
of again trying to get women intoxicated
to take advantage of them they used to
apparently concoct this thing called
what they call jungle juice it's a
combination of heavy alcohol with
Hawaiian Punch and they would try to get
different girls drunk one at a time with
many guys president once those are the
stories that are going around about
Georgetown Prep and his Cavanaugh's days
back then so will there be more stories
I don't know but all this is leading to
a context that is not good and given all
the different folks talking about it it
is now seeming more and more likely that
that there were some things that
happened related to Kavanagh that that
are deeply troubling okay
and so finally let me come back to the
last thing that I said one of the things
I mentioned the begin
which is why mention she's so
intoxicated and doesn't remember some
parts of it now think about it if she
was making it up why would she say that
so that immediately puts her credible
and he ended down it led me to thinking
about all the different classmates
saying she was extraordinarily honest so
it might be her saying hey look you're
asking me I'm telling you that this is
what I what happened but I gotta give
you these caveats that are really
important about my state of intoxication
etc to me that gives her a lot more
credibility because if you're gonna make
up a story you wouldn't say I'm not
positive and I was really drunk you
would say I'm sure and this is what
happened right if it was some sort of
political hatchet job so now Ford dr.
Christine Blasi Ford the original
accuser was at a high school party and
she said my judge was in the room Mike
judge is a good friend of red Cavanaugh
why would she put a witness in the room
that is likely to back him up right or
wrong that gives her in my mind more
credibility in this case again Debra
Ramirez creates a situation where people
can question her credibility because of
the intoxication but she volunteers that
information to me that gives her more
credibility so now with these things
piling up I think that he could be in a
world of trouble here so we'll have to
see how next week goes and I think the
more stories that come out another
interesting thing will happen which is
that my guess is Republicans will get
angrier and then they will start to say
more outrageous things that's my sense
of how this will go they see me again
tonight just as the story broke they
seemed angry or angry or online so oh
boy batten down the hatches for what
they're about to do in the next week and
we'll cover all this and give you all
the updates as we have them obviously on
the live show that's Monday through
Friday 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Eastern on TYT
com slash live and again of course you
can get all of our shows anytime you
want
by becoming a member at TYT comm /join
thank you guys
