a new campaign has emerged on social
media known as the me to campaign where
women of all stripes are sharing their
experiences with sexual assault and
sexual harassment now a number of
big-name a list celebrities are also
sharing their stories which i think is
incredibly powerful because first of all
that the volume the number of women who
are coming forward is incredibly
shocking but also these are women who
you know have pretty successful careers
and hearing their story is important
because it shows that it doesn't matter
how successful you've been or how
unsuccessful you've been in the industry
you could have been victimized by people
like Harvey Weinstein so Reese
Witherspoon was a more recent example of
an individual who shared her story she
was at the L women in Hollywood event
and she said the following I have my own
experiences that have come back to me
very vividly and I have found it hard to
sleep hard to think hard to communicate
a lot of the feelings I've been having
about anxiety about being honest the
guilt for not speaking up earlier or
taking action
she also says and I wish I could tell
you that that was an isolated incident
in my career she had been sexually
assaulted by a director when she was 16
but sadly it wasn't I've had multiple
experiences of harassment and sexual
assault and I don't speak about them
very often but after hearing all the
stories these past few days and hearing
these brave women speak up tonight the
things that were kind of told to sweep
under the rug and not talk about it's
made me want to speak up and speak up
loudly because I felt less alone this
week that I've ever felt in my entire
career I I think that right there is a
tipping point and so I don't mean just
her statement but that feeling that now
other women have that says you know what
okay I they have the courage to speak up
I'm gonna have the courage and we're all
gonna talk about it because we need to
end this and I think this is a cultural
shift that is enormous it can't be
understated overstated so it started
with Bill Cosby then Roger Ailes Donald
Trump
Harvey Weinstein Bill O'Reilly all these
stories of serial sexual harassers as 16
women came out against Donald Trump over
50 women for Bill Cosby
Roger Ailes dozens of women so many
different settlements tens of millions
of dollars in Selim's and it goes on and
on and so now Reese Witherspoon is not
talking about Harvey Weinstein but she's
saying look it's not just Harvey
Weinstein it's not just these prominent
figures it was a lot of people who did
it to a lot of women and so they don't
feel alone anymore and I think that is
the most important part so my sense from
having talked to many women and
obviously seeing all of this unfold is
that it is a way larger problem than men
realize and there's good reason for this
let me explain that people in general
realize because I even I didn't realize
how rampant this was right I didn't
realize that pretty much every big name
celebrity that we know has some you know
pretty devastating experience with
sexual assault within the industry yeah
but it's not just the industry and it's
not just celebrities yeah because if if
some percentage of men I would like to
hope think in hope that it is a smaller
percentage of men I don't know what the
number is I don't know if it's 10 or 20
percent I don't know what the number is
but do it so often that it does not
affect 10 or 20 percent of women it
affects a much larger percentage 60% of
women again the numbers are not you look
we we've done previous studies I don't
have my fingertips here and I think
those studies are under Counting because
so many people were afraid to come out
so I'm just stating it as a general
concept that it affects more women so
most men think I don't know anyone that
was affected because they didn't speak
out yeah and I didn't do it so they
assumed that it doesn't happen that
often but a lot of women who have
experienced it know that it happens way
more often than they realize and if you
haven't been personally affected by it
you might also underestimate it right
and and another thing that you know
educated me more
issue was the fact that the vast
majority of women who have shared their
stories keep talking about the guilt
that they felt right and I always
whenever we talk about people who don't
report sexual assault it's always
because society will usually attack them
or bash them and and they'll meet them
with you know insane skepticism however
I realize that while that is part of the
reason why people don't come forward it
also has to do with the fact that they
feel responsible for being victimized
like they think oh my god I must have
done something to deserve this and
imagine living with that for years I
mean Reese Witherspoon I mean is an
older woman now I mean I don't mean that
to you know I'm saying this happened
when she was 16 so she's been living
with this yeah exactly she's 41 now
she's been living with this for decades
that's what I'm trying to say
and imagine struggling with that
internally for such a long period of
time and feeling guilt over something
that you shouldn't feel guilty about and
so which leads us to the America Ferrera
story right so America Ferrera also
shared her story on social media
Instagram to be specific and she said
first time I can remember being sexually
assaulted was when I was nine years old
I told no one and lived with the shame
and guilt thinking all along that I a
nine year old child was somehow
responsible for the actions of a grown
man he would smile at me and wave and I
would hurry past him my blood running
cold my guts carrying the burden of what
only he and I knew that he expected me
to shut my mouth and smile back ladies
let's break the silence so the next
generation of girls won't have to live
with this bullshit it's powerful man and
and I think that this is now unstoppable
and and it's a great thing that we've
hit this tipping point because the more
of a spotlight that you put on it the
better we are at addressing it and and
hopefully beginning to fix it so look
there was terrible things going on in
1970s when I had a great childhood and
we would just bike around the
neighborhood and then we didn't have
much adult supervision we thought
everything was hunky-dory in reality
there was way more crime
then and there was a lot more child
molestation back then but what wound up
happening is we put a spotlight on it
and many other factors led to the
reduction of crime but certainly to the
things we didn't know was happening
behind the scenes right
and now this is the next giant thing it
just the fact that we covered it up and
didn't talk about it didn't mean it
didn't exist it existed at a mass scale
and so now that we're these wonderful
courageous brave women are putting a
spotlight on it I think that we might be
on the road to fixing it I also hope yes
and I also want to add one other thing
so we know that you know based on the
number of people who have come forward
this appears to disproportionately you
know affect women but there have been
men in Hollywood coming forward to about
their stories in regard to sexual
assault and so I think that number is
gonna get way way higher because it's
when you have men in positions of power
and and in Hollywood a lot of times
absolute power and not that many movies
made has not that many starting roles
it's not that many music bands etc so
those gatekeepers had enormous power and
no matter what their orientation is
unfortunately they often abuse it so I
think that the next shoe that is gonna
drop is a lot more guys coming out about
what happened in Hollywood to but
remember this isn't just about Hollywood
unfortunately it affects all of society
so let's all speak out together and so
that we can get on the road to recovery
support independent media come join us
the Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
