a school district in Mississippi has
decided to ban to kill a mockingbirds
from the reading list for its eighth
grade students now this isn't the first
time to kill a mockingbird has you know
received some criticism backlash or
threats of a ban however the reason that
school officials have given is
fascinating to say the least so there
have been more than 300 formal
complaints against this book and they've
been reported by schools colleges and
public libraries last year alone and a
lot of it has to do with some of the
language that's used and also a theme
that's used in the book which is of
course if you read To Kill a Mockingbird
it has to do with a black man who's been
falsely accused of rape
so there's sexual content in it as well
now a school administrator a member of
the school board to be specific said
there is some language in the book that
makes people uncomfortable
so the n-word does appear in the book
nearly fifty other time throughout
Mockingbird almost always in dialogue
the novel won its author a Pulitzer
Prize for fiction and made the values of
the civil rights movement particularly a
feeling for the god-awful unfairness of
segregation real for millions and that
was written by the Washington Post and
so it's just uh go ahead jump in yeah so
look the real reason that the book has
been in a lot of places is because it
makes people in the South uncomfortable
it's about what happened in the 1930s in
Alabama that's where it's set and it was
released in 1960
and let me read you a part of what they
explained in the book so if you read the
full context of the book you'll
understand that that it's not like the
n-word is used in a positive way no it
explains why it's so wrong and that's
part of what gets under some people's
skin so in one part of the book the girl
asks her father what exactly is an N
lover he says it's hard to explain and
he goes on to say it's ignorant trashy
people use it
when they think somebody's favoring
Negroes over and above themselves it
slipped into usage with some people like
ourselves when they want a common ugly
term to label somebody so the book is
incredibly clear on what a terrible word
it is and and the people that use it are
trash
so that gets under some people's skin
and so they're like oh what are you
saying about Alabama first of all it's
Alabama from the 1930s if you're taking
it personally there's some chance
there's something wrong with you
but that you know because it should be
something you're saying oh well thank
God they wrote that book and showed how
ugly racism was and now we in Alabama
and other places in the country are
beyond it but obviously we're not
because they're still trying to ban the
book in so many different places in the
country right exactly so the recent
example was in Biloxi Mississippi that
is the school district that is calling
for a ban on To Kill a Mockingbird and
when I say ban it means that it's being
taken off of the reading list for the
eighth grade class and look I think that
it's important to read these types of
books because not only are they classics
but it reminds you of you know what the
history of the country was even though
it's a fictional book it still touches
on historical themes in the US and it
shows that hey you know we have
progressed somewhat but more importantly
we have a dark past and we don't want to
go back to that dark past the only the
only way you prevent you know the cruel
treatment that we experienced in history
is to learn history and and what we're
seeing right now is like this
whitewashing of American history that I
think is damaging I just want to say
real quick that you know look I imagine
some African Americans could get upset
at seeing the word 50 different times
but I the overwhelming majority of
African Americans are in favor of the
book and want the book taught and part
of what the book did so well and why it
was such a classic was it took the the
racist tropes of the past things like
you would see in the birth of a nation
where they have a
a man in blackface going around raping
white woman and and turned on its head
and showed that it was wrong you know
that there's these assumptions made
about African Americans and it isn't
true and so that's why though
huge huge percentage of African
Americans are of course in favor not
only just in favor of teaching the book
but quite upset as a Deon Cole was
recently he's a start one of the stars
of blackish and he so mad that they're
taking the book away especially in the
South so we have a video of him kind of
talking about this a little bit he was
at LAX the airport and he was approached
by TMZ and here's what he had to say
about this whole debacle time to change
history and time to make it they're
trying to get it to the point where
nothing ill has ever happened to black
people ever in life they try to make it
down one day night living them
they dig in that they tend to take
everything away that's that's boy that's
BS man is bush
that happened in history you got to keep
that in there why would you take that
away cuz then that shows black people
where they came from
and it gives them more purpose to be
proud of who they are and how we
overcome just like Mark Twain it was
trying to get rid of Mark Twain but no
keep all the niggas in the book keep all
of them in the show kids coming up how
many niggas they thought we were yeah
look at the end there he's obviously
he's does comedy just being funny but I
hope they follow him for quite some time
he had a lot to say about this which I
like but he reminded me of something and
made a great point in the beginning
there which is that it's funny that when
you try and take Confederate monuments
down they said you got to preserve
history you got a history happen you
can't deny it but when you talk about
how blacks were mistreated in the south
like him to kill a mockingbird as it
shows you know I don't know do we really
show I have to show that side of history
I mean I we you guys you progresses like
to talk about that too much
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
