Kevin Wilshaw was a white nationalist
leader in fact he was an organizer for
the National Front since the 1980s
however very recently I'm talking about
this year he decided to denounce Nazis
and come out as gay turns out that his
mom was also Jewish drums okay
let's take a look at this gentleman
there's Kevin Wilshaw right there and as
recently as January he was preaching
hate but he has come to a conclusion
he's had a change of heart and here's
what he has to say by the way this is an
individual in the UK so the UK is also
grappling with similar themes that we
have here in the United States he said
on one or two occasions in the recent
past
I've actually been the recipient of the
very hatred of the people I want to
belong to if you're gay it is acceptable
in society but with these groups of
people it's not acceptable and I found
on one or two occasions when I was
suspected of being gay I was subjected
to abuse
well congratulations I'm glad you came
to that conclusion he also says and I'm
glad he realizes this it's a terribly
selfish thing to say but it's true I saw
people being abused shouted out spat out
in the street it's not until it's
directed at you that you suddenly
realize that what you're doing is wrong
no Kevin for the rest of us it doesn't
take it happening to us for the us to
empathize with other human beings if I
see someone being spit on or attacked on
the street my instinct is to go help
them your instinct was to take part in
that and only I mean how old are you
Jesus Christ after being a neo-nazi for
decade after decade after decade you
finally realized oh my god what if it
happens to me that hurts my feelings
really Wow thank you for figuring that
out Sherlock Holmes and so I have almost
no sympathy for this guy at all why I
love this story is because what I always
tell you guys these guys have
deep-seated problems so they're not
neo-nazis in this day and age because
they're mentally healthy and they have a
good self-identity no there's something
usually is something that they loathe
about themselves and so you know that
the fact that is he was partly Jewish
obviously was a issue for him for
whatever insane reason but probably the
fact that he was gay wasn't a bigger
issue and he points out and turns out on
at National Front there's a lot of gay
leaders to which I say of course of
course it's not look i part of me
doesn't like talking about that because
i feel like there's such a disgrace to
other members of the LGBT community but
almost no one does more damage than
closeted gays you know here Roy Cohen in
America J Edgar Hoover in America and
and the list goes on and on and they
target other gays most of all because
it's something they hate about
themselves it's not only is it something
that they hate about themselves I think
that they're so obsessed with with
hiding that secret about their identity
that they lash out at other gays and in
a way to kind of like cover for
themselves right but in reality like the
more I see people like this lashing out
at specific communities the more I
question them and that's not to say that
you know all people who are filled with
this type of hatred or gay that's crazy
and that's not what we're trying to say
but it is fascinating to hear this from
him and it is fascinating to get some
insight into these groups by by what
he's saying because he also talks about
how yes there are other members of the
National Front who are gay and and
they're openly gay but there's a
hierarchy in that type of group and the
higher you are in that hierarchy the
more likely it is that people will make
excuses for you if you do happen to be
gay or they'll say things like oh but
he's not really gay right or they'll say
he's gay but he's okay like because he
hates other people so much that he's
okay even though he's game we're
supposed to hate him so look I just want
to give you last couple of quotes here
that I thought were really instructive
from what Kevin will show said he said I
didn't have many friends at school I
wanted to be a member of a group of
people that a name that had a name and I
thought getting involved in that kind of
thing would be comradeship and so this
is exactly what I tell you about whether
it's Islamic terrorists or master
in America or people who join hate
groups they're just looking for some
sort of purpose in life and they're
usually losers and and I you know I'm
not the one to pick on the guy who's
lonely at school absolutely not or to
help etc but they're filled with this
rage inside and and they and they're
like oh look these other guys are full
rage too but at least I fit in here
right it's a sense of community it's the
same type of gang mentality that we all
learn about when we're younger right the
reason why a lot of people join gangs is
because they feel like okay this is a
sense of family this is a sense of
community that their life might be
lacking and that's the sense that I got
from him and he wanted that sense of
community so badly that he was willing
to you know really hide his identity and
live the way that he lived for so long I
mean he's an older guy and he had to
hide his sexual orientation because of
all this and look I don't know whether
or not I want to like shun him and
criticize him or if I want to be a
little more open-minded because at least
he did have a change of heart I know it
was later in life but it is maddening
that it isn't until they experience
hatred themselves that they wake up and
realize oh maybe my behavior is
unacceptable maybe I'm a bad guy here
but I'm finding it really hard to
empathize I hear you I hear he also by
the way committed acts of violence and
he admits that so when he was beating up
on other people
well that was hunky-dory and it was so
cool to be a neo-nazi oh my god you
don't like me because of who I am oh
well then I'm gonna leave the group
after decades of this look last two
quotes he said even though you end up
being a group of people that through
their own extreme views are cut off from
society you do have a sense of
comradeship in that you're a member of a
group that's being attacked by other
people so I just think that phenomenon
can't be underestimated there's so many
people who feel like even though hey I'm
part of all right and you know it seems
like rest of society doesn't think that
racism is awesome and that women should
have equal rights or whatever right but
at least I'm part of this group and and
everybody else to attack us that means
we must
right rush limbaugh says that all the
time so so many people attacked me I
must be right it's like a weird perverse
thing but they get at least unity out of
that and they feel like we're dirtbags
together ok yeah
and in fact the last quote from him is
fascinating he said I'm going to find it
difficult granted to fill a void that
has occupied my life since childhood so
even though he knows that the neo-nazis
hate him for being gay and for being
Jewish he's gonna miss being so needy
yeah he's gonna miss being a Nazi it's
amazing I don't know if he's gonna miss
being a Nazi but he's going to miss that
sense of community and and so that's the
reason why I'm having a hard time you
know being 100% negative toward him
because it at this stage in his life
after he's victimized people and he's
probably hated by pretty much everyone
it is difficult to shun the one group
that did accept you right I know they
decided to hate you as well that's true
yes yeah so look yeah please be a better
person than me and and be accepting of
people who see the right way but man I'm
finding it hard so reap what you sow I
mean I'm not gonna shed any tears for
you because you miss your neo-nazi
buddies yeah okay and by the way if
you're in a group that's attacking your
identity get out get out right now
don't come crying 20 years later helped
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
