now Donald Trump told us that hey don't
worry tax cuts are great we're gonna
have big beautiful tax cuts and it's
cool to go to the middle class and the
poor mainly I mean if you know a little
bit to the rich but that's just gonna
help you guys anyway sure is that not
the case so a great story from Arthur
Delaney and HuffPost here first
explaining the context President Donald
Trump says his tax reform plan will help
working people but Republicans are
mulling a clamp down on the only part of
the tax code that's specifically
benefits low-income workers and that's
the Earned Income Tax Credit and people
don't talk about that enough honestly
neither do i it's it's a great program
it's for the working poor you can't get
it if you're not working and it gives
you a little bit of supplemental income
so you could pay your bills and pull
yourself up by the bootstraps which is
what Republicans claim that they want as
they go and attack it in reality so
let's show you the reality so the loss
of a tax benefit is often considered a
tax increase that's why House Speaker
Paul Ryan and in White House economic
advisory Gary Cohen have conceded that
some middle-class Americans could face a
tax increase under their plan due to
loss of personal exemptions and itemized
deductions limiting the number of people
who benefit from the Earned Income Tax
Credit would be tantamount to hiking
taxes on relatively poor working
families so there's several different
layers here earlier they had conceded
yeah I mean if we take away some
itemized deductions it's not gonna hurt
the rich that much but the middle class
can get really hurt by that so when we
say tax cuts we mean only for the rich
the middle class actually could get tax
increases now with the EITC they're
saying and by the way the poor can also
get tax increases what did we tell you
it's just tax cuts for the rich and it's
redistribution of wealth to the top
they're not just done just giving the
tax cuts to those guys they want to take
from you so let's give you the details
the Earned Income Tax Credit provides a
big wage bonus for parents who earn
modest incomes and about twenty eight
million households benefited from the
credit in 2015 it was created in 1975
and it has been expanded a half a dozen
times
so that's a lot of folks who benefit
from it more than 10% of the country and
and remember every one of them is
working so let's give you a sense of how
much they get and what salaries get it
okay if a married couple with three kids
earns less than $23,000 they can get a
tax credit payment of six thousand three
hundred and eighteen dollars with the
size of the credit falling to zero as
the couple's income approaches $54,000
so if you don't work you don't get this
at all if you work and you're above
$54,000 great there's other tax credits
for the middle class but you're not
going to get this because this is for
the working poor okay so it's phase-out
at fifty four thousand dollars but if
you're working hard and you've got a
family and you're struggling to make
ends meet this helps you get get you
over the top hopefully so you can feed
your kids etc so it's one of the best
programs we have for the working poor
and I'm actually proud of America for
for having this it's one of the things I
think that is underrated so how are the
Republicans going to destroy it are they
gonna say well the working poor are bums
well I can't say that it's just welfare
and I can't quite say that with tax cuts
well this is a tax increase
so what are they gonna say um fraud yeah
yeah that's it yeah it's got a lot of
fraud we gotta crack down on it so here
they go past studies cited by the
Congressional Research Service have
suggested most of the errors actually
result from honest mistakes such as
separated parents both claiming the same
dependence now if you're multi
millionaire or a billionaire you've got
an army of accountants and you can't
afford to get it exactly right you're
someone ordering $23,000 hey could you
make a mistake from time to time in your
accounting because you went to H&R Block
which by the way as well there's just no
disrespect to H&R Block they didn't name
them specifically just throwing out a
random name there okay or you know what
you didn't know that once you're
separated you can't both claim it so yes
there are some issues of overpayment but
overpayment that gets immediately spent
and put back into the economy
anyway and you're supposed to be helping
the working poor there should never be
look
my perfect world there are no mistakes
right but apparently according to the
Congressional Budget Office it is or
research service it is mainly honest
mistakes they don't care they're gonna
punish you so now you want to know what
the real problem is in IRS the
difference between what people owed the
IRS and what the agency managed to
collect averaged four hundred and fifty
eight billion dollars a year from 2008
through 2010 or about an 18 percent gap
according the most recent data available
now that's for all taxpayers now if
there's four hundred and fifty eight
billion dollars of fraud that's what the
Republicans would call it that's a half
a trillion dollar amount overall for all
taxpayers where do you think you can get
the most amount of money if you
concentrated on the higher income
brackets well if they're committing from
if not you're not gonna make it up now
we would never be for that it's a thing
like we don't like the rich no we just
want everybody to be treated fairly so
if you if you and at a minimum if you
did it evenly throughout all the tax
brackets you'd get a lot more money
recovered for the Treasury from people
who are in the higher income brackets
and remember you'd only recovered if
they're doing fraud wouldn't that be a
great thing but they're not spending
money in that direction they're spending
money to target the poor it is unreal
okay I'm going to give you more details
here
they say the single biggest contribution
to this tax cap was people under
reporting business income on their
individual returns which adds up to a
hundred and twenty five billion dollars
in lost tax revenue each year so part of
this is what they call pass-through
income you want to guess who does
pass-through income for all of his
income you're gonna be shocked to find
out that's Donald J Trump so they are
not going to target that the biggest
area for fraud where the most amount of
revenue can be recouped they are not
going to target instead they're gonna go
after the poor so did the details on
that is it really effective
the IRS already devotes a
disproportionate amount of effort toward
combatting Earned Income Tax Credit
errors with more than four hundred
thousand of the 1.2 million audits last
year targeting
Gita claims from taxpayers making less
than 25,000 a year according to IRS data
are you kidding me they this was before
the new crackdown led by Kevin Brady
Republican who's head of the house and
ways at Ways and Means Committee okay a
third of all their enforcement went to
people making under twenty five thousand
dollars what are you gonna recover from
them anyway now they're gonna target the
poor even more and as of course there's
Delaney points out here the government
doesn't get a very good return on this
investment for all that effort said
Elaine mag an expert at the Tax Policy
Center it's an especially poor
investment considering how much more the
IRS could recoup by targeting higher
income filers according to the
Government Accountability Office those
groups are nonpartisan your urban
Accountability Office is like look
there's all this errors and fraud and
you're telling me we should spend most
of our resources trying to target the
fraud of people or errors of people
making under twenty five thousand
dollars wouldn't it be make more sense
to recoup more from the other brackets
no no no no no no always let the rich
skate and punish the poor why is the
poor don't have any money to give to
political donations the guys in the
upper brackets are political donors we
have private financing of Elections who
do you think they work for they work for
private interests the public interest be
damned this is yet another example of
that and when Trump said oh don't worry
I'm gonna look out for the average guy
he must have had a good belly laugh in
private he's coming to crack down on the
middle class of the poor and give almost
everything to the rich this is income
redistribution to the top so whatever
they accuse progressives of they
actually want to do it is grotesque and
it is Trump 101 watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
calm slash join
