okay new poll numbers out just about an
hour ago
for the Republicans absolute disaster
which is music to my ears but there's a
weird part of it as it relates to Donald
Trump the Trump number is actually not
disastrous but it's leading the
disastrous Republican number so I'll
explain all that in a second there's a
great number of polls out including the
latest one I'll go through them as
quickly as I can for you guys because I
think it's super important to the
midterm elections by the way don't
forget become a Young Turks member get
all of our shows anytime you want
at TYT dot-com /join okay that's really
important to support homo progressives
thank you
now so the latest poll out shows that
the generic advantage for Democrats in
terms of the country's saying we would
like the Democrats to control the
country rather than Republicans our
control Congress has moved from eight
points which was very high advantage
that means it's that's a blue wave
coming the Republicans are in a world of
trouble that's where it was eight points
to the new poll that just came out
twelve points at twelve point advantage
that's a tsunami now the election where
that were held today and the Republicans
would be hosed
not only would they lose the house
they'd lose it in an absolute epic
mandate for the Democrats and a debacle
for the Republicans so twelve points is
nearly unprecedented as a generic
advantage for the Democrats for the
whole country so just giving you context
on that so this big big news that's why
I wanted to give it charity with you
guys immediately I'll get to the weird
part in a second now there's a series of
other polls and they connect to this one
and what has happened is almost exactly
what I predicted and I'll get to that in
a second okay so first let's just take
one by one another poll out of it just
about a day ago on Latinos this is the
least surprising them of them all he has
a Trump has a twenty six percent
approval rating among Latinos okay so
I'm surprised is that high sixty five
percent disapprove
but 50% strongly disapprove so Latinos
overall can't stand them but what's
interesting and this relates to the
weirdness in the new poll Donald Trump's
numbers are actually slightly higher
than the Republican numbers is that
weird so there were Latinos support
Democrats are controlling Congress by a
three-to-one margin and Republican
approval rating among Latinos is lower
than the approval rating of Donald Trump
among Latinos now it's just a little bit
of a difference but it is so strange so
but overall though three to one
advantage for the Democrats
Latinos didn't have to go to the
Democrats the Republicans just bungle
this over the last 10 20 years in a way
that they've just absolutely thrown away
that vote in this country and so they've
earned a disdain the rightful disdain of
Latinos in this country as they
continually demagogue against them okay
so that's it like I said the the least
surprising part of the poll now the main
thing that the Republicans have lost is
women working-class women are gone so
Ana and I have been talking on the show
a lot about and I've been saying for two
years straight now at some point he's
gonna lose that mom in Kansas if you
watch The Young Turks all the time by
the way live 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern Monday
through Friday at TYT com slash live so
if you watch it you hear me talking
about he's losing that Kansas mom he's
losing that Kansas mom in fact we just
talked about it earlier in the week when
CNN did as a town hall with female Trump
voters okay
so it turns out I was right the
advantage that Democrats now have with
women it's not ten points which would be
huge it's not 15 points which would be
mammoth it's not 20 points which would
be unprecedented it is a 25 point
advantage the advantage that Republicans
have among men is down a shout out three
points just three the only demographic
left in the country that supports
Republicans more than Democrats is white
men over the age of 45 that's it
that's what they're down to they have
lost every other group in the country
that is amazing amazing now it's more
amazing because overall Americans
rightly or wrongly have anything wrongly
for reasons again that we've gone over
in the show generally think that the
economy is doing really well they have a
it has 69% of Americans saying the
economy is going in the right direction
so the fact that these numbers are this
week despite that it's amazing amazing
my god if the economy falters at all the
next 45 days it might be an election
like we have never seen before so I mean
already right now for we're held today
it would be probably an election we've
never seen before
I mean an outrageous prediction sometime
back a couple of months ago saying the
Democrats might take 250 seats in in
Congress that's unthinkable 218 is what
they need for a majority that would
already be a huge win 250 is ridiculous
but hold I have a stat here to back that
up and then quote and the but before all
that I promise you the weird part of
this polls so The Wall Street Journal
poll Donald Trump is polling at 44% now
wait a minute 44% is not a good number
right yeah but it's way better than I
would have expected and other polls have
them lower and it's actually better than
how the Republicans are doing overall
but the reason the Republicans are doing
poorly is because they're backing down
al Trump and that's in another part of
the poll but Trump's numbers overall are
bad but not disastrous that's weird
that's really really weird it's partly
because his base is so loyal to them
that they will not move under any
circumstance but some portion of that
base doesn't like the establishment
Republicans so that's an interesting
lesson and one to grow on
and again goes towards the idea that
populism works which of course all
Washington rejects and unfortunately a
lot of the Democratic Party rejects but
they should get behind immediately
populism works in the country
establishment does not okay now let's
get to the other things that I was
promising you
here is the most stunning fact of all in
districts that Republicans control now
that those are districts that's an on
average they should have a huge leader
right we're not talking about all the
districts just the ones that Republicans
are already control they're down to only
a one-point lead in their own districts
on average for the whole country Wow no
look guys I've been covering politics
till now 23 years I've never seen
anything like that that means they're
getting wiped out in their own homes
they've lost their home base Oh
tsunami if I was a Republican Party
right now I'd be running towards the
hills because you've got to get away
from the water
it's a giant wave about the crash on
your head okay again it's the strange
part of this poll Trump's not in
disastrous shape but people are saying
they're punishing the Republicans for
being too close to Trump so it's not
that you got to get away from the water
you got to get away from Trump okay
57% who identifies as strong Trump
supporters here's another big problem
for them for in a recent poll said that
the Democrats don't have a chance to win
what why are they saying that well
Donald Trump's got him convinced that
there's gonna be a red wave so they're
not as likely to show up to vote a
wonderful wonderful disaster for
following the Republicans that's such a
bad idea it's almost hillary clinton
esque to tell people hey don't bother to
come vote for me because I'm gonna win
anyway or vote for our party and that's
what Trump's been telling them and when
they pollsters ask these Republican
voters they go oh they told us Hillary
Clinton was gonna win those polls are
nonsense now I don't have to go vote
we're gonna win anyway
excellent you keep thinking that way
this is those conspiracy conspiracy
theories coming back to bite them in the
ass this is the chickens coming home to
roost great stay at home stay at home
see how that turns out for you Trump
says there's gonna be a red wave I'm
sure there will look forward to that red
wave okay now let me see by one last
for you guys as I look through all these
incredible polls and by the way I should
be clear the only demographic they have
left is that is the men over a white man
over 45 but they still are winning those
guys know by the way let me be sorry
correct myself here so I'm looking at
the notes from this article it's not
white men over 45 it's all men over 45
but that category the Republicans still
hold a 15-point advantage they're down
to only three point advantage over with
all men because they've lost young men
completely but for older men they still
have a significant advantage you should
know that and so now let me get to my
favorite quote here it is from Bill
McMicken turf McIntyre who is a GOP
pollster so he wants the Republicans to
win he's a pollster for the Republicans
here's how he described this latest poll
Republicans have had a series of weak
surveys he said but this is beyond weak
how is that for an excellent description
of the Republican Party as it stands
today beyond weak so there you have it
folks
cross your fingers impending disaster
for the Republicans in about 45 days so
look at that it's a giant wave about to
crash on your head
you better run that way son let's see if
the Republicans ever learn a lesson
