john mccain got a great honor the other
night he was awarded the Liberty medal
at the National Constitution Center and
he gave a great great speech I read the
whole thing and I just think that it was
moving before I get to his shot against
President Trump which is great and can
you guess if Donald Trump
counter-attacked yeah hold we'll get to
it I want to actually read you other
parts of the speech and look I'm
patriotic to the to the point of almost
being jingoistic so you might not love
the speech as much as I did but I'll
just give you a small taste of it first
he said we live in a land made of ideals
not blood and soil we are the custodians
of those ideals at home and their
champion abroad now I disagree with him
on foreign policy a lot but the what he
just said there in the first sentence is
the most important thing we are land of
ideals not soil and blood that's right
the American idea is an incredibly
important one whether it is properly
executed from time to time okay and we
try to make America more perfect union
one more quote from him McCain said the
most wondrous land on earth indeed and
I've had the good fortune to spend 60
years in service of the Swan dress land
it has not been perfect service to be
sure and there were probably times when
the country might have benefited from a
little less of my help but I've tried to
deserve the privilege as best as I can
and I've been repaid a thousand times
over with adventures with good company
and with the satisfaction of serving
something more important than myself of
being a bit player in the extraordinary
story of America and I am so very
grateful it's really a moving great
speech and then he made this point so I
gave you that context because yeah it
looks like if you just heard it in cut
outside of the context of the rest of
the speech a potshot at Trump but he was
really talking about the idea of America
and how important it is to preserve it
so here's what he said pretty clearly
about the present the fear the world we
have organized and led to three-quarters
of a century to abandon the ideals we
have advanced around the globe to refuse
the obligations of an
national leadership and our duty to
remain the last best hope of Earth for
the sake of some half-baked spurious
nationalism cooked up by people who
would rather find scapegoats
than solve problems this is fun is as
unpatriotic as an attachment to any
other tired dogma of the past that
Americans consigned to the ash tea the
ash heap of history okay so look
every sign about the half-baked spurious
and nationalism but again within the
context of the speech which was so
glowing about his love for this country
you understand better that he means Hey
look there's a great way to do love of
country and a wrong way to do it and to
just rile people up with this America
first agenda is not the patriotic and
the American thing to do I think it was
very well said and of course it is cause
Donald Trump to get agitated so here he
is on a talk show where he responds we
need some votes from some of the
Republicans that for some reason they
weren't there on health care they should
have been we thought we had it but John
McCain voted no which was a shocker we
were taking shots at you again yesterday
well we it's a shocker and
you know your what he said yesterday
Senator McCain yeah well I hear it and
people have to be careful because at
some point I fight back ya know I'm
being very nice I'm very very nice but
at some point I fight back and it won't
be pretty
by all accounts John McCain has a
terminal disease
can you just ease up for one second dude
can he just be classy for half a second
okay here's a possible answer hey you
know what I was really disappointed in
John McCain's vote on health care
because we worked really hard to repeal
and replace Obamacare I'm assuming that
I'm Donald Trump there and a Republican
that felt that way and and you know and
I saw that John McCain had said that
about me but I thought the rest of the
speech was great and and and if he
really meant it about me that's
disappointing but look he's had great
service to this country and it's okay to
disagree from time to time and I really
wish him well and I hope he gets better
that's not hard right and wouldn't it be
amazing if you also actually felt that
way but no oh yeah oh oh he's got a
terminal disease oh wait till I hit him
it won't be pretty
alright so McCain is asked of course he
does
he doesn't get anywhere near as
challenging as Trump does but let's hear
his answer let's go to your speech last
night okay
were you trying to were you addressing
the President or Gannon or the group in
tone
I think that what is clear this is what
I was talking about as an environment
here non productivity a reversion to the
attitude of the 30s which was one of the
major reasons why we thought we were too
so he's referring to the America first
movement that also existed in the 1930s
and it was an ugly movement and luckily
we got away from it and we wound up
fighting the Nazis instead some of those
folks in the so called America first
movement thought the German leaders at
the time were not so bad and doesn't
sound very America first to me but
that's the direction that they went and
and it didn't prove to be effective it
proved to be incredibly
counterproductive but luckily as a
country we decided to go in a different
direction and that's what John McCain is
pointing do and he didn't say Trump he
didn't say Steve Bannon he said we just
don't agree with those that direction
for the country when pressed later about
Trump attacking him he said quote I've
faced far greater challenges than this
and of course if you don't remember
their feud goes all the way back to
Donald Trump when he was running for
president asked about McCain's comments
McCain was probably supporting Lindsey
Graham a very good friend and colleague
of his in the Senate who was also
running for president Donald Trump said
McCain he's not a war hero remember he
was shot down in Vietnam spent
five-and-a-half years being tortured by
the North Vietnamese most importantly
they said they found out he was an
Admiral's son and offered to let him go
and he said I'm not going anywhere
unless you release all of your u.s.
captors that were with them in that
Hanoi Hilton he would not leave even
though he was being tortured so I have
had great disagreements with John McCain
and I think his stance on war is
completely wrong headed and and I and I
made that very very clear throughout but
to say that he's not a war hero and of
course then Trump followed up famously
by saying I prefer people who weren't
captured well to say that that's a
bridge too far in a bridge to ugly is is
way understating it and of course if you
remember Donald Trump ran from Vietnam
with some bone spurs in one of his heels
and he doesn't remember which one I
guess he prefers people who dodged the
draft and didn't serve their country as
to which one is the real Patriot well
that one is exceedingly clear and if you
can't see it there might be something
wrong with you if you like this clip of
The Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
