Scott Pruett sue the EPA over a dozen
times didn't like any of the rules
that's why he fought him in court he is
a person that when he was in Oklahoma
would literally take memos from
lobbyists from the oil industry and hand
it in just write his name in there and
hand it in as a proposal that's who
Scott Pruett is so now Gizmodo I just
want to remind you quick real quick
summary of what he's done so far since
he's been put in charge of the agency
Pruett has allegedly made plans to water
down federal scientific research on the
climate deflected from the issue during
the natural disasters and cut loose
hundreds of employees in a deregulation
push we can do a lot more detail on that
but I want to tell you about the new
story and this broken by Bloomberg and
it is about radiation levels just when
you thought they couldn't get worse well
they're about to the EPA's determination
sets a level the new determination since
the level 10 times the drinking water
standard for radiation recommended under
President Barack Obama now radiation is
not safe at any level that is the
consensus of scientists but Scott Pruett
doesn't believe in science he doesn't
believe if scientists when it comes to
climate change and apparently doesn't
believe it when it comes to radiation
so he's like yeah let's just crank up
the levels 10x so what they were I'm
gonna give you a sense of how much
radiation that is in a second okay so
let's continue here here is Daniel
Hirsch top expert in the field saying
it's a really huge amount of radiation
they are saying is safe the position
taken could readily unravel all
radiation protection rules now to give
you a sense of the consensus back in
2007 remember Obama is not president
george w bush's president a 2007 version
of the same document stated that no
level of radiation is safe no level okay
that was under Bush or another deeply
right-wing Republican so what do they do
in this case get a load of this the
level that Pruett is suggesting is
equivalent to as many as five
thousand chest x-rays or seven to 14
chest cat scans
according to a comparison with Food and
Drug Administration data it's perfectly
fine you'll be fine well it's there if
there's a nuclear meltdown like
Fukushima or there's a dirty bomb and
you really want to be safe we're just
gonna tell you that you can't drink the
water that's filled with radiation and
we'll pretend it's safe five thousand
chest x-rays and that goes to
everybody's kids that goes everybody's
families and prude saints fine let's go
let's go nuclear Energy's awesome all
the above fossil fuels are great nuclear
is great and if there's a meltdown you
just drink the water filled with
radiation who cares
the EPA supposed to look out for us the
citizens it's not supposed to look out
for the industry should it take the
industry into account of course it
should you should balance interests I
understand that but your number-one
interest should be to the citizens of
the United States I know that you have
received untold legalized bribes from
the fossil fuel industry and all the
different energy industries Scott Pruett
but you're not supposed to work for them
you're supposed to work for us and he
certainly does not last quote here is
from Jeff Roach who is a public employee
for environmental responsibilities and
he's their executive director he said I
knew that under Scott Pruett EPA is in
climate denial but now it appears to be
in radiation denial as well this appears
to be another case of the Pruett EPA
proclaiming conclusions exactly opposite
the overwhelming weight of scientific
research these are dangerous people and
now we live in dangerous times god help
us if there is actually radiation
they're gonna allow it and they're gonna
tell you it's safe when it isn't
anywhere near safe and almost all
scientists agree that it's not safe if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
