earlier this year lawrence O'Donnell was
unfortunately humiliated after someone
working for NBC leaked some footage of
him losing his patience with some of his
producers during a live broadcast now
NBC has identified the leaker and that
individual has been fired so what we
know so far is the video of lawrence
O'Donnell was leaked on September 20th
the leaker was identified confronted and
fired on September 26 so six days later
they found him it turned out to be a
Today Show editor who said he did it
because he thought it was funny and it
was but it wasn't exactly the perfect
crime because he did leave a very clear
trail so he was easy to find easy to
fire it's unfortunate they didn't
identify who the person is and I'm
actually happy they didn't do that
because you know at least he'll be maybe
okay with finding other work I don't
want to go to other lawrence O'Donnell
videos because they're hilarious okay I
have commentary on this yeah second as
to whether they should have fired him or
not
but first let's needlessly show you the
video again okay Darryl but there's like
a ton of video possibilities here so
let's let's show you one of the longer
ones that kind of touches on all of the
different moments where he lost his
patience go I don't know why I bother to
say how to cut the slots when you don't
do it I just don't I don't know why I
just so now I have to chase those stupid
goddamn entrails that you allowed him to
stick out there Jesus Christ
crazy fucking sound coming in my ear
this fucking stupid hammering I told you
why I wanted those fucking words cut it
just fucking
sucks it fucking sucks to be out here
with this out-of-control shit any
fucking thing can come in on my ear at
any moment that's what I know anybody
can get into my fuckin ear at any time
some woman talking about what we're
doing after the show
fucking guests faces coming up in the
middle of a fucking script I'm sorry I'm
sorry it's funny everybody it's funny
because we've been there I mean not to
say that we've like lost our temper to
that extent but we've had our bad days
where things were going wrong and we're
live on air and things are
malfunctioning and the thing that makes
us different is that we don't do like
this buttoned up new show where
everything has to go perfectly and we
can't just be honest with the audience
about what's going on he does the
robotic button-down new show he's a
great guy he's a smart guy but it's like
if you screw up on live TV and you're
doing traditional TV it's like the end
of the world right yeah so look we're
not mad I don't really yell at the
producer too much so let's just keep it
real okay but but having having said
that like you shouldn't say like he was
worried that yeah we were saying the
wrong things on air you should be
worried about that right and if you have
an earpiece and somebody's talking at
you while you're trying to talk on air
it is enormous ly distracting yeah now
I'm not sure that I've ever had all the
people coming in my ear anyway it's
nothing yet on Lawrence and you can't go
Elite tapes like this of course you can
afford it of course you're gonna get
fired yeah but you wanna do more videos
or video whatever random ideas go what's
going on why am i losing this why don't
I have sound all right it's back
someone's pressing buttons and turning
my sound of who was who's asking for a
Labor Day run down in my ear
that moment of anger is awesome we're
not mad at you whether it's just in fact
it's the most human face I'm gonna be
honest it made me like him more because
it made me see his human side you don't
see
television people's human side right
it's sinner anyway another one just
world real quick one more one more maybe
two more god damn it okay now look look
the gate shitty you've been fired
you can't leak tapes of the hose they
did let him go they literally let it go
ahead you take tape from one end of the
company and drag it over to your email
or whatever and that edited on your
computers are they gonna catch you of
course they're gonna get you let's just
end with one more what was one more word
and tragedy and into that tragedy today
step to the President of the United
States there's insanity in the control
room tonight we say there's insanity in
the control room today sanity in the
control room tonight
TYT membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded stream at
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
