The Hollywood Reporter had an interview
with Bob Weinstein this is the brother
of Harvey Weinstein and of course the
interview had everything to do with the
sexual assault allegations toward Harvey
Weinstein and Harvey has since been
fired from the company that he and his
brother Bob founded together and Bob
claims up and down that he knew nothing
about Harvey's predatory ways he had no
idea that he was you know coercing or
forcing women into sexual situations
that they did not want to be involved in
and so I wanted to share some of his
perspective and then we'll discuss he
told The Hollywood Reporter that members
of the board meaning the board behind
the company that they founded including
myself did not know the extent of my
brother's actions I know him on a
personal level better than anyone it's
hard to describe how I feel that he took
out the emptiness inside of him in so
many sick and depraved ways it's a
sickness but not a sickness that is
excusable it's a sickness that's
inexcusable and I as a brother
understood and was aware as a family
member that my brother needed help and
that something was wrong but he said you
know I didn't know that he was doing
this to women I thought he was cheating
on his wife I thought that he was
needlessly cruel and mean to some of the
people that were around him but never
did I think he would be a sexual
predator
so TMZ reports that Harvey Weinstein
believes that it was his brother Bob
Weinstein that actually leaked the
damaging of auto-tuned arrow types if
that's the case that's high stakes poker
that's some drama and Bob moissan claims
that he's only talked to Harvey ten
times about personal matters in the last
five years I found all of that a little
bit hard to believe I think that they
obviously are at war right they're not
getting along I can't count now or the
number of times that Bob Weinstein is
called Harvey when I seen sick and
depraved after this scandal broke and of
course kicked him off the board which is
convenient for Bob who's still on the
board but I think he might have
played his hand and so here he is now
trying to do damage control groups
ecology I never knew about this stuff
but one of the things that they asked
about and that he refused to answer in
this interview is well you guys just did
contract negotiations and renewed Harvey
why's his contract and there's good
evidence that at that point you had all
these allegations that you knew about so
how could you say you don't know and he
said I'm not talking about that because
that's in litigation and yada yada get
into those specifics and you just heard
the court where he said he knows his
brother best you know your brother best
and you had no idea for decades and
decades that it wasn't just cheating but
that there was a whole system set up
with a executives and assistants
bringing the woman in to a place where
they would be alone with Harvey and
Harvey would do this and he did it all
those times and you're at the same
company and never heard about any of
that I mean what we hear over and over
again was that Harvey's behavior was an
open secret that everyone knew about it
but no one was willing to do anything
about it and now you kind of go back in
time and you see interviews that women
had done and some of the accusations
that they had very publicly made and
it's interesting to see that nothing
really caught on
you know Courtney Love had an interview
back in the early 2000s where she was
asked what kind of advice would you give
to young women in the entertainment
industry who want to break into the
entertainment industry and she and
paraphrasing essentially said if Harvey
Weinstein invites you to a party don't
go and you know it seemed as though
something like that didn't even raise
red flags in the media or among you know
people in the entertainment industry and
it didn't convince them to do something
about it and again I think it goes back
to the fact that he was a man in a
position of power who would push for
these projects and push for these movies
and help people make that money and at
the end of the day that was more
important than the lives of all these
women who are being abused now whether
or not Bob Weinstein knew about it or
not I mean you can only speculate and I
hate speculating but it seems weird to
me now let me give you some more of his
quotes when Harvey Weinstein released
his initial statement
regard to these allegations he took
ownership of some of those allegations
but he also did this weird thing where
in the end of his statement he said that
he was gonna focus his energy on
fighting the NRA everyone thought that
was weird including Bob Weinstein he
said when I heard his written lame
excuse not an excuse when I heard his
admission of feeling remorse for the
victims and then him cavalierly almost
crazily saying he was going to go out
and take on the NRA it was so disturbing
to me it was utter insanity my
daughter's all felt sick hearing this
because we understood he felt nothing
he also said for me I thought he was
just going out there cheating in a
pervasive way it wasn't like he even had
a mistress it was one after another and
that I was aware of but as far as being
in a room and hearing the description in
the New York Times no way no effing way
was I aware that this was the type of
predator that he was and the way he
convinced people to do things I thought
they were all consensual situations so
let's break that down
I don't think Bob's doing himself any
good by doing this interview so first of
all if you didn't know that he
masturbated into a potted plant while he
had this one woman cornered in a
restaurant somewhere okay oh you know I
understand that it was a particularly
bizarre thing and they were the only two
people in the room and that story had
not gone now okay if you didn't turn him
into his wife because of the cheating
you don't want to be overly judgmental
that's not your business I understand
that but you but decades and decades of
these accusations and rumors etc and
you're not someone else in the industry
you run the weinstein company with
Harvey Weinstein who is your brother
who's your brother and you thought they
were all consensual situations so you
thought oh my god there are dozens of
women in Hollywood year after year who
come in and will sleep for with my
brother to get roles and you thought
that was awesome like you never question
hey maybe we shouldn't hire those people
maybe we shouldn't find the most
talented actress right instead of the
one willing to sleep with Harvey
Weinstein even in your sin
Aereo I'm not speculating I'm just
saying based on what you said that's not
that great big guy yeah that's actually
a really great point and I didn't think
of it from from your perspective but I
think the thought process of people in
these types of positions of power is
that yeah of course it's consensual
because here's a guy in a position of
power and this is what women do right
women will sleep with whoever they need
to sleep with in order to have the
opportunities that they need that's it
and we don't have to give the job to the
most qualified person we just have to
give the job to the person who's willing
to sleep with Harvey Weinstein that is
not a good defense so I don't think
about why st. did himself any favors
with this and if it turns out that
Harvey is right that he was a bob was
the person who actually leaked in the
first place and we don't know if that's
true boy he he lit a match that he can't
unlight and and now the whole house is
on fire help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
