a woman who accused Donald Trump of
sexual assault is now sending a subpoena
to the Trump administration in order to
obtain any and all documents that the
White House has in regard to allegations
of sexual assault made against Donald
Trump now summers heir voz is the name
of the woman who is fighting to get
those documents she wants to sue Donald
Trump for defamation because she
believes after she came forward with her
allegations he went out of his way to
defame her and discredit her now keep in
mind that the president cannot face any
lawsuits while he is in office however I
like that she's doing this because she
is bringing up something that I think a
lot of people have forgotten the number
of allegations against him including
allegations from his own ex-wife by the
way so according to reports summers Air
voz a former contestant on The
Apprentice and one of many women who
came forward during the campaign too
accused Trump of harassment or assault
initiated the subpoena as part of her
lawsuit against the president for
defamation at least 16 women have
publicly accused Trump of forcibly
attempting to kiss grope and have sex
with them which you know look we're not
you know lawyers were not litigating
this case but Trump himself back in 2005
on tape said that he grabs women by the
pussy and he likes to move in on them
like a bitch okay that's those are his
words any fact around the soundboard
right yeah I moved in her like a bitch I
do some touchbacks just in case they
start kissing her
we haven't buy the pussy okay and and he
said when there is when you're a star
they let you do it
now the reality is they don't let you do
it you said that you did it without
asking for permission you just sexually
assaulted them and they were stunned and
didn't know what to do
now they know what to do they're gonna
try to take you to court because that's
where you belong yeah and the
accusations against Trump
are eerily similar to the accusations
against Harvey Weinstein and
you know it's it's again this
entitlement this you know thought that
hey I'm in a position of power I can go
ahead and do this without any
ramifications and to be honest while
Harvey Weinstein has suffered
consequences and should suffer
consequences Trump was elected president
and the very same people who point to
Harvey Weinstein and say look at these
liberals look at these dirty men of
course they would do this it's this
indulgent lifestyle this and that those
are the same people who a voted for
Trump and refused to criticize him for
the same allegations that were made
against him yeah and and so here let me
read you the next graphic zaragoza
subpoena aims to prove how Trump
deliberately tried to discredit her and
other accusers to me that's always the
worst part and so Bill Clinton's Monica
Lewinsky situation was consensual but
the part that was really terrible was
the way that he attacked her in the
press afterwards insinuating that she
was crazy and that if she was making it
up to get famous and and and that's
really dirty and why he did that over
and over again and he would leak into
the papers especially in New York
allegations against people that refuses
advances okay yep and Donald Trump same
thing he would leak usually the New York
Post run by Rupert Murdoch both
Weinstein and Trump it was their their
way of airing their trash because Rupert
Murdoch deals in trash and he's actually
loses money on the New York Post every
year but he does it for propaganda
reasons so he could help his scummy
friends smear women that they have
sexually harassed among other things
that Murdoch helps them do so they would
both go to the New York Post and trash
anyone who refused their advances or
accuse them publicly of things that they
did they did actually do right and also
something just occurred to me that that
I think is revealing Donald Trump has a
history of suing anyone and everyone
right he loves to sue people why didn't
he sue these women for making false
allegations against him in fact he
threatened to do that and didn't follow
through because the last thing he wants
to do is go to court on this issue where
they
prove their charges and in this case
their boss is asking for documentation
on ten out of the sixteen women she
believes that that exists that the
campaign did have information about them
what Donald Trump did and how they were
gonna cover up for it now if that's true
and they could find the paper trail for
it that would be very interesting and I
assume that every Republican as they ask
the Democrats who got money from
Weinstein will then forcefully reject
Donald Trump return the money that they
raised from Donald Trump call him a
monster and make sure that he he gets
the help that that that he should get
because he is sick and depraved as
they've called one I seen for the same
actions if you like this video you'll
love the whole tu IT Network check it
out at TYT Network comm slash join
