so there's plenty of blame to go around
in Washington and and Donald Trump's
good at blaming other people but they
tried to do a rare moment of unity
between Donald Trump and the Republican
senators so Mitch McConnell was in the
Rose Garden
they had this lovely moment watch it and
then I want to show you what Trump said
afterwards which you will find to be
amusing and be musing which is normal
for Donald Trump
all right first their show of unity bit
of time inside with the Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell who has been a
friend of mine for a long time but we've
been friends for a long time we are
probably now despite what we read we're
probably now I think as least as far as
I'm concerned closer than ever before
the relationship is very good we're
fighting for the same thing we're
fighting for lower taxes big tax cuts
the biggest tax cuts I want to
underscore what the president said we
have the same agenda we've been friends
and acquaintances for a long time we
talk frequently we don't give you a
readout every time we have a
conversation but frequently we talk on
the weekends we have been friends for
the longest time and we don't get along
we working on the biggest tax cuts for
the biggest rich people in the country
and corporations as well anyway all
right so everything is hunky-dory right
nope same day Donald Trump when asked
about the failures of repeal and replace
on Obamacare had this to say you know
despite what the press writes I have
great relationship
with actually many senators but in
particularly with most Republican
senators but we're not getting the job
done and I'm not gonna play much they
are not yet there goes a friendship with
you I'm not gonna blame myself Donald
that's not a big revelation we know
you're not gonna blame yourself you
never have and you never will me do self
assessment no no no I'll be honest with
you I'm not gonna do that at all me be
honest about Who I am and my failures no
no no I don't do that so I gotta be
honest with you it's a Republican
senators that are at fault well there
goes unity he can't help himself so
don't blame me man that Mitch McConnell
guy that I just told you is my friend
right there on the on the underside of a
bus there he is that's where you can
find him if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm sighs join
