there's a unity reform commission in the
DNC what's their job their job is to
look at the rules of the DNC and see if
things are fair and if they make sense
going forward so for example a lot of
people were mad about super-delegates so
this Commission's job is to reform the
Democratic Party and consider whether
they should for example get rid of
super-delegates they're considering that
issue it's monumentally important
another one is primaries or caucuses and
then there's the issue of party reform
who gets to see their budget and who
doesn't you might think that's not
important but you would be wrong whether
the Democratic consultants actually
control the Democratic Party and funnel
the money to themselves is monumentally
important well lucky for you guys you
could actually watch them deliberate on
this in two different ways one if you're
in Vegas or anywhere near Vegas it's
happening this Wednesday the unitary
Reform Commission meets and this is
their last meeting before they're going
to vote on issues it's gonna be a
Bally's Casino Hotel in Vegas and the
meeting is 1 to 5:30 p.m. Pacific but I
want you to get there 12:30 if you can
mingle with the folks be very very
polite and ask them to actually do a
reform it's called unity reform reform
is supposed to be the point of it we get
unity if there is reform so if they
don't change anything and they just do
this as window dressing well then it was
not interesting at all and in fact it
was just to cover up and keep the status
quo that would be deeply disappointing
make sure your voice is heard before
they vote so I I don't want to look at
it in hindsight and go oh my god we
could have done this you can do
something about it on Wednesday and I
think the more people that show up the
better it is in fact if you're gonna go
I'm not sure how much space they have so
I want to show you a link and we'll have
this link in the description box below
as well for RSVP'ing so go to this link
here my Democrats org and then you see
it's Las Vegas DNC meeting calm slash
tyt okay so don't worry about it you
don't have to memorize that you don't
have to write it down there will be a
link in the description box and you
click on it and make sure your RSVP so
that you could be in the room that's the
great thing about this is public okay
now if you're not anywhere near Vegas
don't worry we're sending our
crews there they're going to John either
always gonna be there and a villain is
going to be there and they're going to
interview some of the members of the
Commission but they'll also be streaming
the event so on youtube.com slash tyt
from one o'clock to 5:30 p.m. Pacific we
will be streaming it for you guys so if
you want to watch it as it happens and
see how the sausage is made
well that sausage is incredibly
important when it gets to boating time
in the presidential primaries so please
take a look at it check it out
and by the way if you are in the Vegas
area you're looking to coordinate with
us and figure out where our crews are
and how you can watch so text unity 222
8466 so you're gonna text the word unity
to the number 22 8466
and we are gonna give you guys updates
on that particular event that's coming
up just in two days so hurry get
involved and then watch it here on The
Young Turks as well if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
