your reputation is excellent and I don't
think anyone can debate the fact that
you're a neuro Times best seller well
the top public intellectuals etc is it
that you're choosing not to go on TV so
much and that might be a perfectly fine
choice as an author or are you not
getting invited much so the short answer
is pretty much not getting invited and
it's very different than what happens to
me you know when I was in the UK for the
Labour Party conference this past week I
was on all of the flagship news shows on
TV you know not to say that these were
softball interviews but but but I
absolutely have access to the most
mainstream television audiences not just
in the UK but you know in many countries
and the u.s. is is markedly different
and actually it's getting worse I'll be
honest with you I have to also be honest
with you about something which is that I
do hate doing tell it's one of my least
favourite things but I I agree with you
that it is incredibly important so you
know we really did try with this book
and and and I we had we had less luck
with this book with Noah's not enough
then with my previous with any of my
previous books with the Shock Doctrine
with this changes everything
there's less space because I think part
of what's happened is the MS MSNBC is so
much in the anti-trump it's all about
Russia camp and my analysis is no it's
about what you know we have to look at
how both political parties produce this
moment looking at Trump not as this
aberration but as a culmination as a
logical outcome of a system that cannot
just be blamed on Republicans and that's
not a message that is particularly
interesting in this moment on MSNBC so I
used to be able to I used to get on
there a lot more when I had a book
coming out and and now you know I don't
seem to fit in any of the boxes but the
interesting
thing is that this book has done better
despite not being on TV right because I
think we have so many different ways of
reaching each other now so whether it's
podcasts or social media viral videos
people people are getting the message my
concern is that it's you know if there
is this light preaching to the choir
element where we're able to reach the
people who are already on side better
than we ever have but in terms of having
conversations across divides right
forget Republican versus Democrat
divides but just within the divides you
know you know on the so-called left side
of the political spectrum and I'm not
sure you know when we're talking about
mainstream Democrats that I would even
say they're on that side but you know I
wouldn't you know when Joanne Reed sent
out that tweet right where she said that
you know Bernie supporters are like the
guy who comes to your apartment sleeps
on your couch and ruins your aesthetic
you know I rarely engage in you know
Twitter warfare but I just politely
tweeted back you know I'd like to come
on your show and debate this and I think
it was retweeted you know eleven
thousand times or something but I never
heard back from the show rightly and
this is when my book was number two on
the New York Times bestseller list so
come on you know it's absolutely
ridiculous and this you know this I
think this can only be seen as you know
a de facto form of censorship we have to
have these debates and and you know I
promised I wouldn't ruin her aesthetic
but to no end
