the one thing that that's giving me hope
right now last week was in Brighton for
the Labour Party's annual convention and
they call it a conference this was the
first Labour Party convention since the
elections that they had in spring which
was an incredible upset right so Jeremy
Corbyn ran for leader of the Labour
Party there was a huge centrist campaign
against him he was it was painted as the
absolute end of the world for this party
that like the Democratic Party had
embraced the logic of of only
market-based solutions of only
incremental change you know I'm not
going to delineate Tony Blair's crimes
but they're pretty similar to Hillary
Clinton's right and the backing of the
of the Iraq war providing liberal cover
for it and so on and so on but there was
an insurrection within the Labor Party
led by young people that led to Jeremy
Corbyn becoming leader and then he faced
coup after coup attempt from within his
party where they tried to unseat him
where they said he was unelectable and
then they have this election and what is
the game changer everybody's predicting
it that Labour is gonna be wiped out
what is the game changer is that is
corbin coming out with this party
platform what they call the manifesto
the Labour Party manifesto that is
calling for free public education bold
action on climate fully funded
healthcare reen a tional izing the rail
system community controlled renewable
energy I mean a fundamentally
redistributed program their slogan is
for the many not the few all of these
ideas that we were told were impossible
to utter in public right like
nationalizing an essential service that
has experienced this completely failed
privatization model and people love it
and suddenly labour wins more seats that
more votes than in any election since
the second world war
notorious lose their majority and
there's a new poll that just came out
this week that shows that if there was
an election tomorrow Jeremy Corbyn would
absolutely win that election he's well
ahead of the Tories in the polls so
there is no doubt that the Democratic
apart
elites are going to fight tooth and nail
as the labour party elites did to hold
on to their power to hold on to this
model that is serving them very well but
it's failing the vast majority of people
I think you know what people have to
understand that if they're going to go
that route of trying to sage in this
direction within the Democratic Party
they're not going to be thanked for it
it's a war it was a war within the
labour party but ultimately it was a
successful one so the question is is the
Democratic Party democratic enough for
that to be replicated and you know
that's what I'm not sure about right
whether the super-delegates structure
would come down and crush it my feeling
is that if people decide to go that
route of trying to replicate what
happened in the UK with a sort of a
party within a party structure because
in in in in the UK what they had was as
what they have is a membership based
organization called momentum that has
staged this insurrection within the
Labour Party and as it has now become
the Labour Party essentially you know I
I think if people decide to go that
route there can't be the message that
they're good whatever happens they'll
line up I think that if it fails again
there has to be a new structure that
comes out of it and your party that
comes out of it
