I am NOT a fan of Halloween however I
have found an individual who managed to
do Halloween decorations right and I
want to give him credit he is Michael
Frye from New York and he usually has
headstones in his front yard and he
wanted to represent dying 2017 trends on
those headstone their headstones right
yes that sounds weird headstones be
stones so whatever let's just take a
look at the pictures because they're fun
this is amazing he said he's a teacher
he said he did homemade slime in hope
that it would die 70 because it drives
teachers crazy
yeah old Taylor Swift in the corner is
hilarious because of her music video
killing old Taylor Swift he did dabbing
and that's the one that gets all the
kids to stop buying good you know it's
not really dead we're still dabbing so
every part of this is freaking hilarious
Rosie all day which is I don't know why
it gets on my nerves but it does I just
don't think that you should be
supporting alcohol addiction also I'm
just kidding but it's just an annoying
hashtag and I see it all the time
watching live TV that's been dead I feel
like but that's great that he put that
that's so funny to say watching live TVs
that normal seasons for climate change
and then but look he's bipartisan
accountability looking at you
Millennials okay and and then a game of
Thrones character he put on that that
died this guy is like the dad for Modern
Family yeah he's like a real-life guy
who does fun things like that on
Halloween yeah I love that homemade
slime the how much slime thing is
actually really popular isn't it I mean
there unfortunately it is yeah five year
old and a seven year old
I can't stand that thing so from your
mouth to God's ears yeah I hope it dies
in 2017 so this is America in America we
know and love this is how you do
Halloween a fun-loving teacher who finds
a way to celebrate that isn't overly
sexy on Halloween and that doesn't
necessarily give you cavities
he gives candy
okay but bless your heart you get
America points help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm / join
