speaking at the Values Voter Summit
today with President Trump it's gonna be
very clear to you that while he's gotten
this reputation as being very different
from other Republican politicians on
certain issues in his rhetoric he is
very comfortable returning to some
classics so we're gonna play a few clips
for you having to do with the separation
or lack thereof of church and state
starting with this video we are stopping
called the attacks on judeo-christian
values you know we're getting near that
beautiful Christmas season that people
don't talk about anymore they don't use
the word Christmas because it's not
politically correct you go department
stores and they'll say Happy New Year
and they'll say other things and it'll
be red they'll have it painted but they
don't say well guess what we're saying
Merry Christmas again and as a Christmas
gift to all of our hard-working families
we hope Congress will pass massive tax
cuts for the American people the
American founders invoked our Creator
four times in the Declaration of
Independence four times how times have
changed but you know what now they're
changing back again just remember that
religious liberty is enshrined in the
very first amendment of the Bill of
Rights and we all pledge allegiance to
very very beautifully one nation under
God we're the he mentions that we have
this freedom of religion but in his
rhetoric and in his tweets today saying
we don't worship government we worship
God he doesn't seem to understand
exactly how that right works well
there's a lot he doesn't understand so
that same first amendment that he
mentioned also has freedom of the press
which he was just trying to destroy
earlier in the week by threatening to
take away the license of any
press that dare to disagree with him or
to put out a story that was damaging to
him yeah so I would you know what kind
of reporters please I mean look he
blocks access to from people who might
ask him to have questions but for God's
sake Jimmy Casas whatever you sometimes
do it right so ask him when he does says
something like this mr. president can
you list us the rights in the First
Amendment because you mentioned it and I
know and it's very important to protect
it can you just tell us the rights in
the First Amendment there's no way he
gets them right there's no way right so
you think he's if look we can go through
the whole list but he he he does if you
understood the First Amendment you would
see freedom of speech freedom of press
right there it's so obvious right
and and he doesn't either he doesn't get
it or I really believe he hasn't
bothered to take the ten seconds to read
the First Amendment oh he hasn't and I
thought him off the hook during the
debate so I thought in there in the ramp
up to nobody in the debates and all of
his back and forth and no one asked him
anything about things basic to this
country like the First Amendment yeah I
mean I would have loved a question like
that that wouldn't play though you know
what did you think about what what do
you think we should do in Aleppo Aleppo
moment I mean that was never a moment
like that for Donald Trump yeah yeah I
think you're right it would expose
everything that we know now yeah we knew
then but I feel as though others didn't
know it yeah I think there's based on
what he said there's a lot of good
questions you should ask him I kind of
wish that we'd like to sent know me
because I'd actually like to ask not him
but the people behind the Values Voter
Summit what their policy and grabbing
women by the is I would love to
know your religious okay where does that
fit into your world yeah we're the
values invaluable clapping for this guy
yeah you guys you let's love and respect
women you say weird now that works out
yeah one of my favorite things was when
he posed with Jerry fall jr. Falwell Jr
when getting his endorsement in Trump's
office and in the corner of the picture
was a framed copy of a picture of Donald
Trump on the cover of Playboy okay you
guys don't mean any of it you don't care
about values you don't care about
morality you don't just say it like okay
he hates the same people we hate just be
done with it
you're respecting women you know you
voted for a guy who brags about grabbing
him by the genitalia and not asking
their permission and then you talk about
Bill Clinton and what he did to the
sanctity of the office piss off okay and
just so along the many things that are
wrong with Trump what is what the he
can't help himself and we say very
beautifully under God right why is that
very beautiful like he and were toriko
oh I was throwing the talents they were
beautiful soft towels they were normal
paper towels paper plans in plastic what
was beautiful of us everything should be
very beautiful
but we very beautifully say Danna tell
us every tell is beautiful when you
watch Trump and it he did it there when
he's struggling with the prompter he
often times throws in some additional
verbiage and he did it there and what
Jenks talking about is the verbiage that
he defaults to he defaults to the very
and then he threw in another very
because he's still struggling with the
prompter then he threw in a beautiful he
had a rough idea of what he was saying
so we knew that those words kind of fit
I think he does that those are the
qualifiers that he had bolts on you saw
it there when he's struggling on
prompter he'll he'll throw that crap in
and in his two favorite words are very
in big so Oh Puerto Rico is surrounded
by water
big water ocean water okay anyways and
then to me the the part that drives me
crazy is a stupid Merry Christmas so
called war on Christmas nonsense that
Bill O'Reilly thought so okay so I am
not remotely religious but I'm an
American I love Christmas
and yes I Christmas okay not not the
holidays but the one with the thing with
the way we put up the pine tree and we
get the gifts and yes it's it has
nothing to do with Jesus Christ and you
know it to who did Jesus give the toys
to okay which pine tree was in Bethlehem
okay do you know that pine today the
pine tree tradition comes from the
Germanic pagan tradition
okay so Santa where was he
by the way he was in Turkey that's a st.
Nicholas but yeah it has nothing to do
Jesus it has nothing to do with them and
I love it I love the commercial
Christmas and in the presence and the
Santa and the coke and whatever else
we're doing right but why must
non-christian people be forced into
saying Merry Christmas so this guy is
basically going to say remember we're
gonna make the Jews say Merry Christmas
okay we're gonna make the Muslims and
Hindus and the atheists say Merry
Christmas we're gonna make them say it
Jay that's not America you acknowledged
that you're not Christian so you don't
know Jesus was big on rubbing people's
face and stuff this is hilarious because
you know what Jesus was he was Jewish
hey Merry Christmas
I'm Jewish the Christmas doesn't even
exist yet okay don't tell about Grady is
you Jew okay fact is that the
commercialization of Christmas is the
biggest reason that Christmas has been
sort of defamed as a religious holiday I
mean it's not as though we just avoided
out of political correctness what's
happened is we've steamrolled all the
Christ out of Christmas because we're
all about the commercialization of
Christmas Christmas I'm a jack I love
the Christmas season I'm not about any
of the religious stuff but it's great
there you know you like your trading
gifts with your friends or whatever the
deal is everybody's kind of in a good
mood they're not in a good mood because
they're going to church that Sunday
they're going to good mood because it's
just it's just a joyous time of year
their decorations up their lights and
stuff but we um the American Way we've
commercialized it and steamrolled the
religion out of it and the nice
Christmas songs Rudolph's gonna read
knows everybody's having fun except
other reindeers are actually dicks they
used to exclude him from all the
reindeer games until you decide to
picked him as a special one you know
what Trump would be like that like all
Santa likes rude off now okay sue is a
beautiful red nose very beautiful red
nose now we like Rudolph before we
didn't like him we used the
discriminating I had a very strict
Rudolph ban but I'm now lifting it can
Santa likes him
it was really
but actually when I was up in the Arctic
looking for reindeer couldn't find any
had to go to Jerusalem to find him yeah
the food is not gonna it's not gonna
look good in the original Rudolph story
they did vote all for reindeer every
week and Rudolph ultimately did win the
apprentice right yeah Santa was like or
Blitzen your fire your glue helped us
build an independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
