there are ecological disasters that have
been perpetrated all around those states
in those areas that were have been
decimated by the hurricane a US Virgin
Islands in Puerto Rico we talked about
Houston we talked about the Gulf states
and these are Superfund sites these are
the areas that are have been designated
as those areas that require EPA
involvement to the point that they're
you know the everything they're the the
air the the water everything is toxified
and so with a gutted EPA you don't have
the ability to even address these issues
so the other thing in sort of these twin
towers of death is I see of Trump most
in this administration most seriously
pursuing you're eliminating you've
gutted the EPA and their ability to make
a difference down in these areas that
have been devastated and as well as the
fact that Trump is only marginally
concerned with these areas because he
doesn't really see them anyway in some
way as connected to the United States
that's scary part of the reason why the
other day he said you know I mean we've
been there three weeks at some point
we're gonna wrap up this FEMA thing for
Puerto Rico when he had literally put
out tweets about Texas and Florida
saying we will be there for you every
single day no matter how long it takes
yeah because he doesn't even know that
the Virgin Islands is part of our
country and and it's 50/50 on Puerto
Rico support independent media come join
us at the Young Turks TYT Network calm
/join
