in 2009 DuPont officially stopped using
a chemical known as c8 in the production
of Teflon mostly in response to the
massive lawsuits of the company was
facing the company's internal documents
show that as early as 1988 they'd been
aware of the dangers of c8 yet they hid
these dangers from the public until the
recent lawsuits exposed their cover-up
for the entire world to see but even
before they stopped using c8 the company
had been working with a new chemical
that they said would replace their toxin
in 2006 they started using the new
chemical called Gen X which DuPont told
both regulators and the public was far
safer than c8 the news surrounding du
Pont's Gen X Chemical is unfolding the
exact same way that their c8 cancer
story unfolded not only are we learning
that this new Gen X chemical is causing
cancer and reproductive problems in
animal studies but the company was fully
aware of these dangers for years DuPont
has filed 16 reports of what's called
the substantial risk of injury to health
over this chemical Gen X these reports
were filed with the EPA between 2006 and
2013 under Section 8 e of the Toxic
Substances Control Act that specific
section of the law says that if a
company's involved in the manufacture of
a chemical and they have information
that reasonably supports the conclusion
that the substance presents a
substantial risk to injury to health
then they have to inform the EPA so in
just seven years the company had to file
16 of those reports on the toxicity of
the chemical that they told both
regulators in the public was a whole lot
safer and less toxic than C 8 when they
started using it
Gen X has been associated with dangerous
health effects and tests rats
including cancer changes to the immune
system and problems related to
reproduction in January 2013
DuPont said in a report that rats
exposed to varying amounts of Gen X are
over a two-year period form cancerous
tumors in the liver the pancreas and the
testicles rats also developed benign
tumors
kidney disease and even liver failure
even worse is that DuPont scientist who
signed off on these reports said that
they probably weren't relevant to human
assessments which the company always
says they always say that all these
animals dying is not relevant to humans
and they say that so they can continue
to get the green light to dump these
chemicals into the places like Cape Fear
River in North Carolina and again just
like c8 being dumped into the Ohio River
Valley we're beginning to see the same
story with Gen X Chemical popping up in
the in the blood of people living along
the Cape Fear River and as many as
300,000 people could have been exposed
to dangerous levels of this chemical
it's a tragic story that once again
shows how criminal corporations will
never change the action until their
executives serve time behind bars
you
