Donald Trump loves to tell us that
things in the White House are running
smoother than ever
everything's great it's all sunshine and
roses general Kelly's doing a phenomenal
job Tillerson is doing a phenomenal job
Jeff Sessions just a heck of a guy but
as it turns out according to recent
interviews with people inside the White
House Donald Trump hates them all and
that's not just me saying that that's
not me twisting his words according to
this new report Donald Trump told his
longtime a security chief Keith Schiller
quote I hate everyone at the White House
I hate everyone at the White House this
came after uh reports obviously you know
Tillerson calls Trump a moron other
Republicans are starting to speak out
more and more against Donald Trump aids
are trying to rein him in a little bit
general Kelly is trying to rein him in
nobody's letting poor little Donald
Trump beat Donald Trump and go out and
destroy this country in the way that he
wants to so he is throwing a temper
tantrum like a toddler screaming I hate
everyone in the White House that is what
aides said he has said that's not normal
behavior this isn't something we should
just gloss over this isn't something
that we should just say wow this guy's
really unhinged this is actionable
material nobody in that White House is
playing nice with Donald Trump why
because he's unhinged because he's
unstable because he can't be trusted
it's not because Trump surrounded
himself with people who just flat-out
don't like him it's because they
understand that if he gets his way
things in this country for everyone are
going to get a whole hell of a lot worse
and that's why they're standing up to
him and that's why he's having such a
hard time these days Donald Trump has to
be reined in and so far some of these
folks in DC are doing a damn good job of
it I guess to an extent we don't
necessarily know some of the crazier
things they've prevented him from doing
but we do know that if he's mad enough
to say that he hates them all
then maybe they're doing a decent enough
job but this also begs the question as
to why they will not invoke the 25th
amendment one of the clauses within the
25th amendment for removing the
president states that all you need is 14
cabinet members to come out and say that
the president is unfit in order to
remove him from office Mike Pence could
be in there too so then you'd only need
13 other cabinet members if Donald Trump
is acting this way behaving this way
then clearly there is something not
right going on upstairs and I I refuse
to believe that you can't find 14 people
within that White House willing to come
forward and say you know what mr. Trump
your time in this office is over thanks
for watching and if you like what you
see here on Ring of Fire we encourage
you to subscribe to our channel you can
see the little subscribe button down
there but if you're watching it on
another device where you can't see it go
to youtube.com slash the Ring of Fire
hit subscribe be notified every time we
get a new video
