recently Ronan Farrow uncovered more
allegations against Harvey Weinstein and
of course it involves a sexual
harassment sexual assault and in some
cases even rape now is a huge story that
was recently published in The New Yorker
and now we're finding information based
on employees that work on NBC that Ronan
Farrow wasn't allowed to report that
story or publish that story with NBC in
fact there were executives that seemed
to go out of their way to prevent
publicizing that story now let me give
you the details on that now Ronan had
been told by executives at NBC News that
he didn't have enough reporting to go on
air with his Weinstein story and that's
according to four sources and he had
been told by the network to stop
reporting on it NBC tried to put a stop
to the interview with the woman accusing
Weinstein of rape now if you guys have
read Ronan Pharaohs piece in The New
Yorker you'll know that there is a ton
of detailed information there it's like
a 10 page piece with so many different
details so many different people that he
interviewed and and some who even spoke
on record so it's not all anonymous
sources and also his piece was the one
that released the audio featuring the
Filipina actors Gutierrez and the sting
operation that was done on Weinstein
through the NYPD so that was all stuff
that for some reason NBC decided did not
want to cover now Ronan Farrow wound up
hanging out of his own pocket for a
camera crew to film an interview also
keep in mind that by April April of this
year
NBC News had two big scoops in its
pocket an on record interview with
McGowan Rose McGowan and an explosive
audio of Weinstein admitting to sexual
assault but fara was told by multiple
NBC news executives and producers that
the reporting and interviews he had
conducted weren't sufficient for a
televised story okay so first of all is
it possible that your reporting would
pass muster at one place but not
necessarily another and
and the place that it doesn't past
monster doesn't mean that they're better
journalists it just might be different
standards etc so just because the story
didn't run doesn't mean that by
definition it was true and there was a
cover-up and and sometimes they're right
not to run a story because you just
didn't have enough evidence and you
don't want to make those charges without
this is not one of those times there's
not one of those things no so so first
off yeah Charlie and Lydia Paul Greene
who reported this for the Huffington
Post they themselves talked to 12 people
inside and outside of NBC News so
they're reporting on what happened
internally is pretty rock-solid and when
you look at that reporting it's not
pretty so Anna's right that by April
they had two giant scoops either one of
those if confirmed would have been
enough to run on their own I mean the
audiotape that we ran for you guys
yesterday that Rona Farah got in the
first place of Weinstein trying to bring
a woman into his hotel room in the most
creepy way and he admits that he did
grope her the day before that sexual
assault that he admitted on tape that's
amazing of course you could run that
story of course you can right because
you know that that's the table you had
Rose McGowan a very famous actress and
now director as well saying it on tape
are you crazy you're not gonna run that
so I mean if it was just one person's
accusation but you had so much more than
that and by July he had on-camera
interviews Rona Parenthood on camera
interviews with accusers and interviews
with four female and male former Miramax
of weinstein company executives that's a
bombshell man
yeah and it's corroborated in 18
different ways eventually the New Yorker
that did run it for Rona Farah called
said it exemplified great investigative
journalism yeah yeah it was one of the
most detailed investigative reports I've
ever read and it was impressive to say
the least
now what was also interesting was that
this particular story required much more
scrutiny within NBC News or NBC than any
other reporting or any other story
needed so for instance the story needed
to be approved by executives who
previously wouldn't have
to approve any stories to begin with
including Andy lack who is the NBC News
chairman and Steve Burke
that's the comcast VP executive and also
the NBC Universal CEO or NBC Universal
CEO so all of a sudden there's this
extra layer of scrutiny and I want to be
clear about something else remember this
whole story involving Weinstein first
broke last week with the New York Times
piece and following the New York Times
piece ABC CBS major news networks
covered it but NBC didn't so it gets
slightly worse so first off it's not
crazy for a new story to go all the way
to the top of the news chain which is
Andy Lang at NBC News but if it was a
story about someone who had no power and
you already had half a dozen sources you
had people on tape you had a tape that
that came from the NYPD to begin with
and you've got to corroborate it up and
down you wouldn't bother bringing it to
Andy like why would you bring it to the
very top of the news chain you only have
to do that if it's someone really really
powerful and you go look I got to cover
my ass I'm gonna bring this guy all the
way up to Andy like and now but under no
circumstances does it make sense to
bring it to the CEO I should say under
no circumstances but it makes you go hmm
on a company as large as NBC Universal
as large as Comcast with God knows how
many employees to bring it to a non news
person you're obviously making a
business decision there that's right
that's right so and then they killed it
and by the way it's not the only time
NBC News has killed a giant story about
sexual assault they had the original
grab him by the pussy tape of Donald
Trump with Access Hollywood they had it
and they wouldn't run it the Washington
Post's eventually ran it so that's two
different times really powerful guys who
did sexual harassment that NBC News
spiked
oh that's devastating now one more thing
NBC News president no Oppenheim gave
this hilarious quote which they always
like well I would never said the
notion that we would try to cover for a
powerful person is deeply offensive to
all of us okay I actually would like to
read another one of Oppenheimer's quotes
that I thought was super interesting
let's go to graphic gate according to
Huffington Post reporting on this two
sources familiar with the production
told Huffington Post at Oppenheim made
the final decision not to include a
Weinstein story in the broadcast telling
staff that Weinstein wasn't a
nationally-recognized above figure we're
done with that okay so that is a
preposterous claim you didn't run it up
to the head of news and you didn't run
it up to the CEO because he's not a
nationally recognized figure you ran up
that because he is a nationally
recognized but we're having a debate
about that the guy commits sexual
harassment it is 20 news 24/7 for the
last week if he wasn't a nationally
recognized figure and he was like some
random teacher somewhere you think the
story was I mean that is a preposterous
claim so when you make that claim we
realize what your intent was your intent
was I don't want to upset the powerful
which by the way is NBC 101 Wow it's
just so pathetic and so embarrassing
yeah and look they do this at MSNBC with
a Democratic Party
don't upset people in power and then
what Trump comes into office what do
they do they hired half a dozen
right-wing hosts immediately don't upset
people in power
so if NBC does anything at all it is to
not upset people in power so open Times
quote there is the most ironic hilarious
and hypocritical quote I've ever seen in
news so just own up to to what happened
here and it ain't pretty
qit membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
