President Trump is on the verge of
losing rush limbaugh you know things
have gotten bad we might even be near
the bottom of the barrel that's how far
he is gone now this is on the issue of
the NFL owners and telling them over and
over again to make sure that their
players stand for the national anthem
otherwise is going to be repercussions
financial consequences taking away their
tax breaks etc maybe that's what touched
a raw nerve for Rush Limbaugh taking
away tax breaks from billionaire
Republicans no no no no now you've gone
too far
so here's Rush Limbaugh believe it or
not criticizing Donald Trump on that
issue
I am very uncomfortable with the
President of the United States being
able to dictate the behavior and power
of the behavior and of anybody that's
not where this should be coming from
Trump is continually tweeting and I know
what he's doing and I understand why
he's doing it in his motives are pure
don't misunderstand but I don't think
that it is useful or helpful for any
employee anywhere to be forced to do
something because the government says
they must that scares the hell out of me
I'm really nervous if all that happens
because the president makes it happen he
can make it happen by forcing the owners
but this is a slippery slope to me and
it hit me a while ago and crystallized
last night Trump is in the right don't
misunderstand but no president should
have dictatorial power over individual
behavior Wow
he just said dictatorial power in
reference to Donald J Trump man is there
a person Donald Trump has not lost in
the country so let's break this down now
don't get rushing him all wrong he he's
not on the players side protests over
police brutality of course that will get
to a clip on that in a second
should the owners be able to crush their
play
of course right but when the government
tells you what you have to do well then
we've got trouble and it's he says that
he scares the hell out of them he's
actually right about that now again III
think probably he's concerned now not
because it has reached the average
American but it now affects billionaires
and so he's saying that that's a step
too far now remember in our form of
legalized bribery and corruption in this
country the billionaire's own the
government not vice-versa the
billionaires tell the legislators what
to do not vice versa
now having said that of course he's
right about the Constitution I want the
president for preventing speech from
anybody and and in this context of
course it's scary and potentially
dictatorial when he says if you don't do
as I tell you to do I'm gonna take away
your rights that is of course on
American and it's so on American it's
even made rush limbaugh quote very
uncomfortable but he wants to double
down and say look don't get me wrong his
intentions are pure he's a wonderful
guide he's right about the issues of
don't hate the players of their protest
don't get me wrong I'm still a dick so
here's that part this should come from
the league as it looks like Goodell
wants it to this should the owners
should be demanding this not the
president the commissioner should be
damned demanding this not the president
we don't want the president being able
to demand anybody that he's unhappy with
behave in a way see requires this is a
workplace issue it's the owners in the
lead that let this get out of hand
because they didn't know how to deal
with it or afraid to and it if this is
gonna be made to work the players are
gonna have to be told who the boss is
and they're gonna have to be given
specific work place rules and
regulations that they know has nothing
to do with the Constitution the First
Amendment freedom of speech if you want
to work for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
you're gonna stand for the end if you
want to work for the Dallas Cowboys
you're gonna stand for the anthem so
don't get rush wrong
he doesn't want to be on the right side
of an issue too much broken clock is
only right twice a day and I want to be
right more than that so he's like look
the players should tell the players who
the boss is okay now remember you're
protesting police brutality it doesn't
matter I'm the boss of you
okay okay thank you Russia for
clarifying your position and making sure
the world is still spinning in the right
direction okay we understand that but
again rush limbaugh who had always
wanted a strong strong leader with his
authoritarian tendencies come to find
out that when you do have a guy who has
those Authority also too authoritarian
tendencies in office maybe he tells you
what to do and he said wait a minute I
didn't want that I what just wanted him
to tell poor people and minorities the
middle class what to do not rich people
that's a bridge too far so that's where
we are at a bridge too far
tick tock tick tock for Donald Trump
with almost no allies left qyt
membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream at
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
