Donald Trump is on the warpath again oh
of course
okay so this times against NBC News
because they are the ones that had the
correct story about why Rex Tillerson
had called him a moron he wanted to
increase the size of the our nuclear
arsenal tenfold which is of course
impossible
he has no comprehension of how that
works so when NBC reported that he was
embarrassed so he went out out on the
attack a couple of days ago and of
course on Twitter he said with all the
fake news coming out of NBC and the
network's at what point is that is it
appropriate to challenge their license
bad for country okay so at no point is
the correct answer
so if you don't like what someone is
reporting you as the representative of
the government being the president
cannot take away their license and
interfere with the freedom of the press
or freedom of speech that would be as
unamerican as anything that you could
possibly do okay but he of course he
doesn't know that doesn't care about
that doesn't care or love the idea of
America okay says make America great
again you don't even understand what
America is so he continued of course
because he's Donald Trump on his warpath
he said it's frankly disgusting the way
the press is able to write whatever they
want to write and people should look
into it what did I tell you he doesn't
get the idea of America at all he's
never read the Constitution don't know
doesn't know what's in the First
Amendment you're telling me the press
can write whatever they want yeah yeah
pretty much I mean you can't do libel
and stuff but especially about a public
official
if I got into Supreme Court precedent on
what you can and can't say about a
public official imagine death on Trump's
head-spinning Supreme Court what
president under precedent no no court
precedent you're the president oh you're
Charlie the court can tell me what to do
or not do yeah actually in our system of
government guys oh Jesus all right so
now what's he gonna do of course as
always double down he tweeted again
network news has become so partisan
distorted and fake that licenses must be
challenged and if appropriate revoked
not fair too public
no no you think not fair to you it's not
fair to you to report what you actually
said so this guy is a danger to our
Constitution as well as the whole
country in the world all right so then
they asked Paul Ryan about it because
come on man really you're gonna say wish
take away the First Amendment and if you
don't like something as a government
official you should be able to shut down
a press organization so they asked him
and here's this non answer are you from
NBC I'm just messing with you I'm just
totally messing with you I know caseous
I'm just yeah look I'm a constitutional
conservative I'm for the First Amendment
I don't always agree and like what you
guys write but you have a right to do it
and I'm a constitutional conservative
but I'm just gonna leave it at that this
is how I see it
so in other words of course I disagree
with the president of course he's a
schmuck
of course he's never read the
Constitution but I'm too much of a
coward to say that okay clear enough but
there are some Republicans with
principles recently bob Corker stood up
to him
by the way Lindsey Graham is not among
them fun little aside here Lindsey
Graham who used to stand up to Trump
from time to time went golfing with him
said that he shot a 73 in windy and
rainy conditions and he saw he beat me
worse than need to beat me during the
presidential race then apparently spent
over half an hour with Golf Magazine
bragging about Donald Trump's golf game
oh my god oh god that's so sad anyway
but Ben Sasse from Nebraska and other
Republican has opposed the president
from time to time and has shown some
principle I know his name is pronounced
Ben Sasse but I like to call him classy
Ben Sasse and eat to read it out mr.
president are you recanting of the oath
you took on January 20th to preserve
protect and defend the First Amendment
of course senator sass is right in the
oath of office you swear to not defend
yourself and to be worried
your own ego but to preserve protect and
defend the Constitution and I Got News
for Donald Trump the First Amendment is
actually in the Constitution really yes
really
so the guy's out of control completely
and utterly out of control luckily there
are some people around them to restrain
them but if our system didn't work as
well as its kind of working now and if
the Republicans would continue to go
along and most of them have not broken
ranks with him so it's just I give you
the the only the one or two guys who do
break ranks but remember the great
majority of about 90% of them were like
yes sir absolutely sir you'd like to
destroy the press sure sir they're
certainly not speaking out and
condemning him other than the guys that
I listed there so let's hope that our
system is stronger than Donald Trump and
can withstand the the damage that he's
trying to cause and no mr. president you
cannot shut down a press organization
because they write things that you don't
like that's not how America works I told
you on election night brace for impact
this is impact help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
