now recently there's been a number of
stories talking about how Donald Trump
is mentally unstable and they come
almost exclusively from Republicans who
work with him whether they're
Republicans in the Senate like bob
Corker saying that he could start World
War three that they're running an adult
daycare center in the White House and
that he could drive off the road at any
minute
it also comes from Republicans inside
the White House to remember these you
don't make it in the Trump White House
unless you're deeply deeply right-wing
and so these conservatives are also
scratching their heads going I don't
think the president knows what he's
doing
and the reason Rex Tillerson apparently
called him a moron or an effing moron
is because he asked hey why don't we
just have 10 times as many nukes and not
just as a throwaway question he ordered
it and obviously they ignored his order
what kid could that would cost at a
minimum tens of trillions of dollars and
with the one facility we have in New
Mexico that makes nukes
it would take 350 years to do what he
asked but he didn't ask a question of
how long would it take how much would it
cost because he's not mentally fit for
office he never has been but I think I
know how they're going to get him out
how he's gonna leave and what the excuse
they're gonna use us now I'm not the
first guy to say first guy to say it is
one of his closest confidants of all
time and that's Roger stone now in
mid-may he was the first to suggest this
listen to what he said they are going to
claim that Donald Trump has Alzheimers
and that it is progressive and that is
progressing and that is the source of
his insanity but this is the game plan
watch carefully you're gonna see the
word Alzheimer's more and more in the
next several days now he's the one who
planted that idea in the first place and
I remarked at the time that that was
quite remarkable
why would his confidant say that well
one of the reasons is that it could be
used as a defense if he were caught
having done something criminal
seriously criminal with perhaps a
foreign country so that is why one of
his advisers and and friends and allies
might say that now I think that the that
there are several different factors here
one is the Republicans who could remove
them either using the 25th amendment or
impeachment and that depends if they
think that he's unstable enough and now
the Vanity Fair's story out saying John
Kelly
defense secretary John a Jim mattis and
others within the White House and within
the cabinet are thinking do we you know
in one quote do we tackle him if he
orders a nuclear strike
so 24th amendment says you're mentally
unfit
now the other Avenue is if Robert Muller
finds out that he in fact did commit a
crime in coordination his campaigns
coordination with the Russians well that
could lead to impeachment but my guess
is it and I have said this throughout
that it is not going to go in that
direction he will he's ego is far too
fragile for him to get impeached he he
would never risk it he would run for the
hills
now a resignation is also deeply
embarrassing and hence the Alzheimer's
theory so first let me be absolutely
clear I have told you about different
parts of this throughout now I think
it's over and I'm gonna pound the gavel
Trump will definitely not finish his
first term he is too unstable for the
entire country and the Republicans and
people inside the White House to let him
keep going he is a danger to the country
he's a danger to the Republic so how
will they get him out those two avenues
that I just told you are too
embarrassing impeachment and the 25th
amendment what's perfect is if they say
Alzheimer's why by the way whether he
has it or he doesn't have it
it doesn't really matter three reasons
why one it allows for a graceful is't
that evokes sympathy people go oh poor
Donald Trump oh he was great he had it
he was a one who's gonna be a great
leader and then it's just a bad turn of
events a bad health what can you do and
he had great health before he did
now Alzheimer's it happens to everybody
and then there'll be endless stories of
the press of other people who had
Alzheimer's and they'll be tear jerking
stories about oh my god is he going to
be alright etc and the Valor that he had
and stepping down for the good of the
country because he can't be embarrassed
number two it's an excuse not to
prosecute now why won't they want to
prosecute the same reason they didn't
want to prosecute Nixon the same reason
we didn't even talk about the Bush
Cheney violations of the law when it
comes to torture or warrantless
wiretapping it's embarrassing it's
embarrassing for the country you want to
cover it up so the people in power
especially the Republican Party are not
gonna want to prosecute if Muller finds
something so the deal is look he'll step
down but don't embarrass the whole
country and especially the Republican
Party by prosecuting a sitting president
but how's Eunice if step-down
Alzheimer's
okay number three it's a tidy
explanation for his erratic behavior the
reality is he's been erratic for his
entire life he's been an absolute fool
his entire life he's bankrupted six
companies he couldn't find a way to make
money in casinos you go through all of
his different comments throughout all
the years he's never
a full understanding of any of the
issues he doesn't know anything about
nuclear capabilities he doesn't know
anything about foreign policy doesn't
know anything about domestic policy just
today he said well the stock market's
going up I guess that our debt is going
down no that's not how it works but he
doesn't know how anything works
he thinks that nobody knew that health
care was complicated
he had never put any thought into the
critical issue of North Korea until he
was president and then the Chinese
leader had the explaining to him and
then he took it at face value
he has no capacity and has never had any
capacity to be President of the United
States but now it's not just Democrats
or independents or progressives or
moderates that recognize that it's
Republicans who recognize that they got
to get him out because he is a danger
they will say that it was Alzheimer's
and then they will everyone in power
will universally agree poor Donald Trump
so that we can get him out of office and
get someone stable in that is what's
gonna happen
mark my words and I'll see you later
when it happens and you're watching this
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
