Ben and I talked about it wasn't on
camera it's nothing sensitive so don't
worry but we were talking about the
theory that some progressives had about
Trump getting elected being a good thing
because he would destroy shit so badly
that people would be ready to throw in
support for a true progressive right but
I'm worried that the opposite is
happening that Trump is so extreme and
so disastrous that he has now
desensitized us to politicians that we
typically would not like and not support
right so essentially conservative
Democrats like conservative Democrats
are a lot better than Trump is even even
on the right like you're just an impeach
Trump and then we can have pence you
know what I'm saying so it's kind of
desensitized us and and it's also it's
it's changed our standards it's lowered
our standards for politicians so and
that's a great great point I will give
both you and Ben credit for not in the
conversation and don't know who
initiated it anyway so because he's
moved to Overton Window to so far to the
right and so far to Ann into an insane
asylum that we now are rooting for bob
Corker i know not only is bob Corker a
totally corrupt totally right-wing but
he's the guy who ran the ads against
Harold Ford that were obviously
dog-whistle racist
so saying about the Playboy bunny having
her on the screen at the end of the ad
saying call me Harold like black guy's
gonna come take your white women so that
racist dude now seems benign by
comparison to Trump
so now almost a good guy yeah now all of
a sudden corkers the middle corker was
part of an insane right-wing that you
know took over Congress that was like
way more conservative than the old
right-wingers now he's the new middle
are you kidding me and what are the
Democrats dude it's just accepted
they're thrilled because they're like
well you that's the the number one trick
they have which is well you can't vote
for the other guy you know we have a
better deal
better than what
better than Trump oh my god you want to
talk about damning with faint praise you
want to heard about a low bar they have
lowered the bar so low hope it's a trump
