a high-school student who was suspended
for refusing to stand during the Pledge
of Allegiance is now suing the school
district and the principal who decided
to suspend her her name is India Landry
and she is a student at Winn fern High
School and apparently she was sent to
the principal's office after she was
caught texting in class and then while
she was at the principal's office the
Pledge of Allegiance was done during the
intercom and she remained seated at that
point the principal apparently saw her
and wasn't too pleased with it let me
tell you what the exchange allegedly was
when the principal Martha Strozier asked
Landry to stand the seventeen-year-old
declined according to the complaint
stro there told Landry well you're
kicked out of here and then her
secretary allegedly told the student
this is not the NFL now this is a public
school that receives taxpayer funding
which means that administrators or
educators who violate free speech are
basically violating the Constitution now
in some cases on a school campus there
are more limitations to speech
especially when it comes to something
that could be distracting to an
educational environment or if it's
speech that could potentially harm
anyone on campus but in this case it was
protected speech she is not to be forced
to stand during the Pledge of Allegiance
or the national anthem or anything like
that
she was suspended for several days and
now she is filing a federal civil rights
lawsuit against the school district and
I think she has a pretty good case there
so I want you to understand that the
texting had nothing to do with this
story this so only reason it's brought
up is because that's what got her sent
to the principal's office and that's
fine you're not allowed to text in class
so that's but that's not the issue
that's not why she was kicked out she
was kicked out because she wouldn't
stand for the pledge and she and that
has been her consistent principal as
they pointed out over 200 times and well
that's what's great about this country
is two things one is you have the
freedom of speech and can express your
political opinions in any way you like
within these confines and she's
perfectly within her rights to do that
and so that's what the pledge
that's what the country's about is
celebrating that idea so the people who
are doing this they're they're so
wrongheaded they and they're actually
insulting the idea of America way more
than the people who are practicing the
freedom of speech and protesting their
government and their government's
actions protesting your government's
actions is the most American thing you
could do and then the second part of it
is think about like she's saying hey I
want to in essence fix the system fix
the injustice and create a more perfect
union which is exactly what the
Constitution wants you to do
Constitution doesn't say sit on your ass
and don't do anything don't ask for a
redress of grievances don't protest
don't be the press don't try to fix it
it says fix this government in the
Constitution it gives you two different
ways to do amendments and to protest the
government that the Constitution is
formed it is a it is a document built by
rebels
they literally rebelled against the king
they did a revolution they won their
freedom and it's built on freedom so the
people who are saying no you should not
exercise that freedom misunderstood the
whole point of the country they're the
ones who have no respect for that flag
and what it stands for so the type of
mentality that the principle had in this
story is is not you know it's not unique
to conservatives I want to be clear
about something this type of weird
jingoistic bias runs deep in the country
and I you know I didn't really realize
how deep it runs until fairly recently
to be honest with you when an audience
member was pretty upset during a recent
show when I I made the argument that the
United States is not the best country
now I don't say that because I have
disdain for the US I love this country I
have extremely high standards for this
country and I think that it is
incredibly wrongheaded to pretend as
though everything is perfect and that we
should be complacent and that we
shouldn't expect better from our country
right so
for instance you know obviously we have
a long way to go when it comes to our
healthcare system we have a long way to
go when it comes to a number of things
there have been a number of
international studies that you know
ranked countries based on quality of
life
the economic situation healthcare
education you think we're number one on
those lists we're not number one on
those lists okay and and so yeah we need
to improve and if you want to think
about it on a micro scale think about an
employee that you work with a colleague
that you work with someone who might get
constructive criticism from management I
mean if that person said no I'm perfect
I'm not gonna take any criticism I'm not
going to consider any of these
improvements I mean how would you think
of that person they're not going to
improve because they are completely
oblivious or they refuse to accept the
fact that there are improvements that
needs to be made and that's not cool
thing about your husband what kind of a
person doesn't ever change a person they
can't adjust or adapt etc look one last
thing about this I remember and you
gotta remember I was a knucklehead I be
conservative and I drove me crazy when
people wouldn't stand for the pledge and
I thought it was wrong and they
should've been kicked out so I was wrong
and I was willing to change and I used
to be upset at Mahmoud Abdul Rauf who
used to be Chris Jackson and he wouldn't
stand for the pledge because he was
Muslim and he wanted to he cared about
his religion okay now of course in
America we say we care a lot about
religion unless you're Muslim and there
let go your religion no it's dead for
the pledge now the reason I tell you
that whole long story is because it's
not just Americans so he had issues of
the NBA he went to go play in Turkey and
then he didn't stand for the Turkish
national anthem either because he felt
it was against his religion in Turkey's
ninety nine percent Muslim they're like
what is with this guy who won't stand
for the national anthem and they were
even more pissed at him than the
Americans were so he thought he was
gonna get a better reception cuz the
country's Muslim and he did not so I
tell you that because I get it man it's
in our bones like we want to stand up
for our flag we want to stand up for our
country and that is that's something
because we're standing up for our tribe
what I'm asking you do what America is
asking you to do what the
soutien is asking you to do is to get
beyond that and realize that standing up
for your country is to help it get
better help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm / join
