we know that apparently Rex Tillerson
Secretary of State called Donald Trump a
moron well now we know why and it looks
like Rex Tillerson was right to label
him such NBC is now reporting the Donald
Trump not only wants to modernize our
nuclear arsenal at the expense of a
trillion dollars or more he also wants
to massively and probably impossibly
expand the number of nuclear weapons we
have in our stockpile this is coming
from a meeting that he had with some
nuclear experts Donald Trump was
apparently not happy with the steady
decrease in the u.s. stockpile of
nuclear weapons that has been going on
since the 1960s and asked instead for a
tenfold increase in the US as nuclear
weapons that is apparently what led to
Secretary of State labeling him a moron
which is probably under selling it now
we want to give you some historical data
because that that's referencing a
specific sort of decline so let's show
you this chart here where you're gonna
see the number of nuclear weapons at
least officially recognized in our
stockpile and the events that have led
to them going up or down and you see
there that back during the scariest
portions of the Cold War when we got the
closest to actual all-out nuclear war we
did indeed have between 25 or 30,000
nuclear weapons but thankfully as a
result of international diplomacy the
work of NGOs and a number of other
factors that has steadily been decreased
to the only still insane and scary
number of about 4000 nuclear weapons in
the u.s. arsenal I don't know how you
look at that and think that 4,000
nuclear weapons is not enough but that's
what he thinks
ya know he said he wants a tenfold
increase but as stupid as that is how he
did it was actually stupider the
president referenced the highest number
on the chart and told his team he wanted
the u.s. to have that many now now you
might think well our country's big our
military industrial complex is huge and
there's a lot of money so I guess it's
stupid but sure we can have them now
except that this dummy doesn't know that
we have one functioning facility that
can produce nuclear weapons and if you
were to try to get to the number that he
wants of 32,000 additional nuclear
weapons it would take that that facility
350 years to produce all the nuclear
weapons now sure if you were to throw
five or ten trillion dollars maybe you
could build some more facilities but
that is that's bigger than the Apollo
programs that's bigger than the
Manhattan Project to build the sort of
advanced nuclear weapons that we would
need now and he thinks that that's fine
to just casually reference during a
meeting don't do any research don't
learn anything just say that we should
build 32,000 additional nuclear weapons
so he's so a childlike and ridiculous
that in meetings like this usually the
staff just ignore him and the and the
generals ignore him they go well
obviously we're not going to do that
there's one expert that was quoted as
saying literally no one in the
government or the military believes that
is possible or desirable literally no
one okay so they go okay the child is
acting up again let's just walk out and
until her son walks out and calls them
it's like the guy's a moron what can we
do let's just ignore it okay so now to
give you a sense of scope of how stupid
he is number one even though we have a
smaller number of weapons and the chart
seems to go down they are actually far
more sophisticated than the weapons we
had in the 1960s yes so those four
thousand can destroy the world several
times over and it is a stronger arsenal
and thank God a safer arsenal than the
one we had in the 1960s so just because
the number of missiles is down doesn't
mean our capabilities are down number
two it's actually one of the things that
that Republicans brag about the most
that Ronald Reagan did all these arms
deals that he was strong but he was able
to do arms deals that brought us peace
peace through strength was literally his
slogan and and that's there that's why
Ronald Reagan is so great and so he goes
all right now let's destroy that and
bring the Arsenal's back up or reasons
that no one knows we know what it is
I'll get to that in a second so then of
course the other consequence of that
well then Russia and China are going to
re-engage in the nuclear arms race and
you all wouldn't know and so you've now
made the world far far more dangerous
and then of course there's the true
madness expense unbelievable expense of
trying to create 32,000 of the new kind
of nuclear weapons that we have which
are more expensive instead of look we're
updating our nuclear program right now
and it is that's still that's about a
trillion dollar project and that doesn't
involve building 32,000 new nukes so
this scope of it is so out of bounds of
reason and proportions it's already it's
wasteful in a way that it's difficult to
express a trillion dollars I mean sure
you could modernize these weapons that
we all say we will never ever need to
user or whatever use or theoretically I
mean that would pay for how many times
over would that pay for cut public
college for every single American
yeah I mean it's not it's again this is
not a closed issue but if you're a
Republican and you just think about it
this way right if they're still like the
three of you left that I like no no I'm
convinced Trump's a genius we just don't
understand them okay so what a smart
person instead of saying well that's it
I want to oh I see the chart I want to
have as many nukes as you know I you
know instead of doing that wouldn't an
illogical smart person say hey just
let's do a little bit of research on
this guys I think it's giving him the
benefit of the doubt I think we might be
safer if we had more nuclear weapons I
know it might seem counterintuitive but
here's my logic Vienna but guys can you
tell me how much it would cost
how many facilities do we have to make
them how long would it take to make them
could it happen under my watch or was it
a 20-year project what exact would that
have on other countries right uh what is
that what is our treaties with other
countries would it affect those treaties
that these are one of many obvious
questions that you would ask come on
guys even you would think to ask anybody
you're a plumber it doesn't matter what
you are you I don't work you're in a
hollow somewhere okay you know that you
would ask how much does it cost you
don't just give an hour oh god I don't
like it that I'm at the bottom of this
chart no I would recharge what kind of a
maniacal fool would say something like
that yeah and and
just says it like no go do it what does
that mean go do it do what like a what
did you get it authorized do you have
the spending is it in the budget how
joke it's not like running getting his
soda you can't just say go spend
trillions so the reason he wants to do
it is cuz he wants to win he wants to
have more nukes than the other guys
which we already do but he also wants to
have more nukes and past u.s. presidents
because he wants to win yeah but in
reality it would bankrupt the country
and make us far less safe I think the
solution is actually pretty simple
based on right after he became president
he said I have ordered a modernization
of nuclear weapons which was already
gonna be done under President Obama it's
way too expensive but Obama was already
gonna do it and he said and thanks to
that we are now much stronger and safer
even though it hasn't happened yet it's
going to take years he thinks he ordered
it it already happened so he should just
order the building of ten times of our
nukes they should just say they did it
and we call it a day he'll think that it
happened he'll never check but this is
very scary I mean other reports have
said that he has looked for quote more
usable nuclear weapons to be produced
because he wants us to be able to use
them without it being a big old deal we
know that he'd apparently talked to a
foreign policy expert and that foreign
policy expert was shocked that he asked
multiple times why it is that America
can't use nuclear weapons and conflicts
become during the campaign if you google
the worst answer and debate history I
broke down his answer to the question by
that conservative radio host you have it
yes exactly about the nuclear triad he
doesn't understand anything about
anything but particularly when it comes
to nuclear weapons and this is a guy who
back in the 80s was saying that he
should be put in charge of negotiations
over arms control with nuclear weapons
he said he would need between one and
two hours to learn everything you need
to know about missiles no in fact I
probably already know almost all of it
oh god he's so phone that decades ago
everybody in the country knows already
know everything there is to know about
missiles okay
so monumentally stupid all right I'm
gonna have fun here and end by reading
you some of trumps quotes when he was
asked by Chris Matthews on whether he
would use nukes he started the answer by
saying I'd be the last one to use
nuclear weapons well that sounds pretty
good he ended when Matthews asked well
what about Isis or and can we say that
the Middle East you definitely will not
use nukes he said well let me explain
let me explain somebody hits us within
Isis you wouldn't fight back with a nuke
but didn't know you would be the first
to use a nuke yeah no I said area the
second to use a nuke is pretty eager but
wait a minute
Isis does hit us from time to time no
that doesn't mean we launch a nuke in
the middle of Iraq which is an ally I
mean that is such a maniacally stupid
thing to say okay but I'm not done yet
so when asked about the nuclear triad
there the question that John was
referencing I'm going to read you what
what he said now the nuclear triad and
if you don't know what that's okay it's
you're not a movie - yeah it's you're
not a military expert or political
expert of center it's are the three
different ways that we can strike with
nukes submarines bombers and then
intercontinental ballistic missiles okay
that was already better than his whole
answer right there okay so you could
have given an answer about hey anything
we need more subs but less bombers
whatever right so he obviously of course
has no idea what the nuclear triad is
but he would ask them and here's his
answer we have to be extremely vigilant
and extremely careful when it comes to
nuclear nuclear changes the whole
ballgame
the biggest problem we have is nuclear
nuclear proliferation having some and
having some maniac having some madman go
out and get a nuclear weapon that's in
my opinion that is a single biggest
problem that our country faces right now
that happened last November actually
that's right when a madman got into a
hold of some nukes and wanted to build
some more so the biggest problem we have
is nuclear what what kind of a sentence
is that what is that mean and if the
biggest problem we have is nuclear why
do you want to go 32,000 to nuclear as
you would call
so then Huard goes back and tries one
more time he's like very good I
understand the dangers of nuclear
weapons that you try to expand there but
what is specific about the nuclear triad
what do you think we should do in that
policy he had just a one-line answer I
think I think for me nuclear is just the
power the devastation is very important
to me we've elected someone that
honestly is
I mean it's so far below average
intelligence that there's some chance
that you know he needs institutional
help and he's in charge of nuclear
weapons at the White House we got to get
him out the guy's an absolute I mean I
now I'm like borderline feel bad cuz he
he's clinical man he's clinical he needs
somebody to hold his hand he's he's like
a he's got issues
he is clinically stupid if you like this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
