the NRA is having some financial issues
and our hearts go out to them
the NRA membership revenue has dropped
by over 25 million dollars according to
a report obtained by open secrets the
National Rifle Association has lost tens
of millions dollars in membership dues
since the 2016 election and is more than
thirty million dollars in debt according
to that audit so there are other
indicators that they might be having
some financial problems they also say
that one possible indication that the
group's finances aren't as robust as
they have been in past cycles is that
it's election spending has slowed down
considerably in 2018 a very important
year by the way the NRA has reported 2.7
million so far this cycle mostly from
its pack down from 19 point 2 million at
this point in 2016 a general election
year but at 10 point 7 million dollars
at this point in 2014 which was the last
midterm election cycle so that is quite
a gap so this is about as good as it
gets in terms of news so and and for a
couple reasons one I love that the NRA
doesn't have money to threaten people in
elections like they used to or at the
scale that they used to but more
important than that is that I like that
their members are leaving them because
it's you know we kept telling you guys
they're mainly representing the gun
manufacturers and so that that's the bed
that they made for themselves and if
you're wondering part of why they're
leaving even over 90 percent of NRA
members want federal background checks
and it's just very reasonable to say hey
look I want my gun I want to be able to
protect my family I want to be able to
hunt etc but I don't know why you keep
insisting that there shouldn't be
background checks on people buying guns
because they might buy guns and coming
to my house I don't know why you keep
saying that we usually should be able to
have bullets that pierce armor that cops
are wearing I don't know why you keep
insisting that we shouldn't have the you
know some of the legislation and
regulation that would protect serial
numbers on the guns so we know who the
bad guys are right so look there might
be a lot of different reasons why those
members are leaving the NRA but taking
is that extreme to please the gun
manufacturers so they could make more
and more money giving guns to good guys
and bad guys at some point might cost
you some of the good guys I mean you
make so many great points with that the
only thing I would argue is that I
almost feel like that this isn't good
news this is bad news and the reason I
think it might be bad news is because
yesterday okay let's just say in theory
and I think this is a pretty proven
theory when there's it been a mass
shooting in the past NRA
starts to rake it in right people go out
gun sales go crazy because they think oh
my god they're gonna come for my guns
yesterday and that woman shot up those
people in Maryland I read in the paper
that it was the third mass shooting of
that day not of the year not of the
month of the day and by the way there
was a fourth one in Syracuse so my my
feeling is that people go oh they're not
gonna come for my guns after this mass
shooting because we've just agreed that
mass shootings are fine and nothing has
changed and therefore I'm pretty safe
I'm pretty okay I don't have to worry
you know what I was thinking about the
other day someone tweeted if Donald
Trump doesn't get reelected something
about how the his party has guns and a
bunch of left wingers and Democrats
started tweeting I don't know what made
you think that which Democrats don't
have guns and that you know people on
the Left and it was not Street they went
really really bananas and you know I I
think that the reason that this
polarizes people is because the
narrative is always it's always
dispersed and to make people who don't
have all the information scared and when
you scare people you can move them right
and so these people are all being scared
into believing that somebody's trying to
take their guns away when all we're
asking for is reasonable regulations
nobody's trying to take anybody's guns
away it's just can this be reasonable
this type of armor you don't need and I
just think about all these numbers all
these numbers will never bring back
those babies that were murdered and
Connecticut they're never gonna bring
back those parkland kids a lot of you
people who believe these crazy
conspiracies
that these people didn't exist that
their crisis actors I know someone who
knows whose friends was someone who lost
a child in one of these mass shootings
shootings and so we talk about numbers
and how you know Dana went on tweeted
about the last time they were talking
about how they were losing money and she
they were like no we're not these
dollars don't mean anything with regards
to the lives that have been lost and so
far we have lost more lives than
anywhere else in the world because we
don't want to make rules that make sense
well but now then Ari's in a lot of
trouble and they might not be able to
push their extreme agenda going forward
one because they're in massive debt but
two they're also being investigated for
possibly taking money from the Russians
so but my favorite part as I said
earlier is that the the fact that
they're losing members real Americans
going no not interested in this extreme
agenda anymore and if you stopped your
membership with NRA I got great news for
you if you join Young Turks membership
at TYT dot-com slash join thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT calm slash join
