after was revealed that a Donald Trump
wants to build about 32,000 additional
nuclear weapons at the cost of countless
trillions of dollars he didn't like that
that reporting had come out he didn't
like the reaction that it had and so he
responded by threatening to shut down
media outlets that were critical of him
he tweeted this with all the fake news
coming out Oh fake didn't you come up
with that word fake yeah with all the
fake news coming out of NBC and the
network's capital at what point is it
appropriate to challenge their license
Capital bad for country that's our
president right there kids so challenge
their license as in his belief is that
he can as president take away the
ability of places like NBC to broadcast
because of course the government has a
role in the licensing of the public
airwaves to allow information to get out
there for show is to get out there but
he doesn't seem to understand as if the
FCC is not involved with networks in
that way it would have no ability to
stop NBC as a whole from broadcast he
has to do with very particular local
things he doesn't get that he tweeted
another thing fake NBC News made up a
story that I wanted a quotes tenfold in
Courage just put tenfold increase in our
US nuclear arsenal pure fiction made-up
to demean NB C equals CNN which is
something many of our viewers are
probably great with that last part o
MSNBC anyway yeah so pure fiction
now when a report like the NBC News
report comes out you can't be sure that
it's true just because NBC News is it so
you know that they check things you
can't be sure but when he responds in
this way you know it's true that's the
pattern with Donald Trump now we're
gonna have some video in just a second
but I know that there's a big debate
between people who think that this is
just bluster to take us off the real
issue versus those who are worried that
this is a guy who will do what he can to
shut down media outlets like a tin pot
dictator that are critical element that
we should take it seriously yes oh yeah
there's a legitimate issue here and then
of course there's Donald Trump so the
legitimate issue is you know they these
folks were given the public airwaves and
they weren't charged anything in return
they were supposed to
provide public information and news and
then at some point they were like I just
kidding we're gonna turn news into a
profit Center so and they they twisted
news into something that it was never
meant to be so I don't want to get into
a long history of that but but the
bottom line is if you were to say look
I'm going to treat all of the TV
stations fairly equally but now they
have to pay for the public airwaves well
that would be a really interesting
conversation right or provide some sort
of public service because are they
really providing a public service now
vast majority of the ones he has a
problem with our not pub there they're
cable like they already are doing that
in many cases yeah
so you're right it's a big conversation
so that's an interesting intellectual
conversation that people have from time
to time that is not the conversation
dollars so a guy who's as bad for
country is not having an intellectual
conversation and random letters equals
random letters anyway so no he's saying
I want to punish people who are speaking
against me well that would be the single
most unconstitutional thing you could do
because the government cannot impede
your freedom of speech or the freedom of
the press
that is clearly lined out he can't be
any clearer than it is in the First
Amendment so when he says me know like
what you say
NBC bad like CNN bad I don't want to
punish the other guys Fox News is
awesome they don't have to pay for
public airwaves or anything like that
red today he called sean hannity after
most ishani shows uh-uh okay let me know
like you okay me shut your speech down
yeah well then okay then you don't
believe in America cuz I mean this come
on hey all the right-wingers who cry
about my lower Shapiro and all these
guys and they're free yeah I mean you
doesn't get any more reader of speech
than the government where are the
classic liberals where are the classic
liberals the government saying that if
you say something wrong about the
government we will shut you down yeah so
the guy doesn't understand America you
and he doesn't understand democracy
either he just wants to be king now he
said why won't they just do what I tell
him to do yeah why do I have to work
with
Congress or court system or the press no
I I won I and he thinks I'm the
president means I'm the king I'm the
dictator you now have to do whatever I
tell you that's not how our system of
government works yeah and we have an
international audience and so I'm sure
that there are people watching the show
right now that live in countries that at
one point had a free press and then
found that it was taken away from them
by people like Donald Trump in their own
country so feel free to a comment about
your experience hopefully we will never
experience it but we can still learn
from your experience and finally if
you're one of the people that is
attempting to maintain your mental
health by only occasionally checking in
on Donald Trump let alone with his
tweets you might think okay this is just
another one of his random bluster so
you'd like it's a threat he comes up
with stuff like this all the time but
this is not a random new thing from
Donald Trump these threats to to tighten
up our libel laws and to look into media
outlets that is a pattern that he has
gone to a number of times since the
campaign during the campaign and in his
private life long before the campaign
this is a man who has been attempting to
sue out of existence
anyone who criticized him for literally
decades so please do not make the
perhaps fatal mistake of assuming that
this is just a threat that he would
never follow through on
he has already in his private life done
what he can to shut down criticism of
him and there is no reason to believe
that he would not do it as president if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership tea white tea
network.com slash join
