if you are anywhere near Vegas on
Wednesday I need you to go to Bally's
and meet John I'd roll what would it be
gambling that's right okay bring money
problem
no the Unity Reform Commission is
meeting on Wednesday at Bally's in Las
Vegas at 1:00 p.m.
and John's gonna go over there do some
interviews but they're discussing some
really really important issues including
super-delegates whether we should have
them or not
primaries versus caucuses Democratic
Party reform and we want to shine a
spotlight on it because almost someone
else is covering it and this is when
they make the decisions on how they are
going to run those incredibly important
primaries for 2020 so if we want to make
sure that they're done right and the
right rules are in place this is the
time to act not two years from now yeah
so join John there but if you're
wondering okay how am I gonna get info
info on that go to tea white tea
network.com slash get updates because
then we will text you guys or email you
et cetera and let you know where and
when exactly you could meet John but
again anywhere near Vegas on Wednesday
go to Bally's and and make your voice
heard this is the time that the Unity
Reform Commission needs to hear from you
they often hear from the lobbyists they
should hear from you guys and there are
people who are gonna be there arguing I
don't know what the argument for
super-delegates at this point is but
they will be arguing for these sorts of
things and many of them are counting on
that no one will be there aside from the
people debating there's not gonna be no
need to be paying attention no he's
going to show up but imagine if they
have to walk through a crowd of people
with signs and chants making it clear
what they expect to come out of this
meetings that will have an effect no
it's absolutely right and the reason
it's just it's not to for us have an
unfair advantage it's exactly I'm fine
with that
no it's because we have the people they
have the folks in power so all a lot of
these folks and a lot of more
well-meaning there's nine Hillary
Clinton people but seven Bernie Sanders
representatives on the unity Commission
that's what's the Unity Commission
and but they they live in the DS a lot
of them live in the DC bubble or in the
Democratic Party bubble and so all they
ever hear is from consultants and
lobbyists and other folks in the
establishment who think super-delegates
are awesome and you know in the and
different ways of spreading our power
for example open primaries so more
people can vote and more people can join
the Democratic Party they think that's a
bad idea they've somehow convince them
that themselves of that so if if you
think otherwise and you want to
strengthen the Democratic Party by
involving people more this is a great
opportunity to do it so go see John and
Vegas on Wednesday help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
