a number of Democratic lawmakers have
publicly condemned the accusations
against Harvey Weinstein they've
specifically contempt Harvey Weinstein
due to these allegations of sexual
assault and sexual harassment however
several days after the New York Times
initially reported on these allegations
there were a number of high-profile
Democratic politicians who didn't
release any type of statement among them
were Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama
and so it wasn't until today that we did
finally get some statement condemning
Harvey Weinstein and the reason why it's
relevant is because Harvey Weinstein was
such a huge donor for these particular
politicians now Democratic lawmakers are
either donating the money that they
received from Weinstein to charity or
they're returning that money to
Weinstein however a statement from
Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama would be
nice and finally we got that statement
so let's hear from Hillary Clinton first
she said I was shocked and appalled by
the revelations about Harvey Weinstein
the behavior described by women coming
forward cannot be tolerated their
courage and their support of others is
critical in helping to stop this kind of
behavior just to give you some
background information about Hillary
Clinton's relationship with Weinstein as
I mentioned he's a huge donor to
Democrats and he was very supportive of
Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election
Weinstein has long been a Clinton donor
with ties to the political party he was
one of the many from Hollywood who
donated to Bill Clinton's Legal Defense
Fund in the 1990s now we know why yeah
more recently the Clintons rented a home
next to Weinstein in the Hamptons in
2015 and Weinstein served as a connector
between Hollywood stars and Hillary
Clinton's 2016 campaign he was
essentially a bundler for Hillary
Clinton meaning he would collect money
from other members of the Hollywood
industry and and donate it to her
campaign yeah so mixed feelings here so
should they condemn him sure we just
condemned him we did it last week we did
this week we have nothing to do with
them and so on the other hand
Republicans who are reveling in this
remember you voted for a guy who said
and when you're a star
they let you do it you can do anything
grab him by the pussy you can do
anything
so mister glasshouse easy with the
stones so there they're really enjoying
this moment now Republicans like ha we
found one bad liberal yeah we found them
okay and since he gave money to people
they are also guilty and must all
condemn him it's nothing wrong with
condemning him god bless everybody is
condemning him right but this whole
thing of like hence they must be at
fault but they didn't know he was doing
this stuff so let me explain the
difference so the Mercer's Robert and
Rebecca Mercer they're now huge
Republican donors and they love them
some tax cuts and whatever else they
like now they have given a tremendous
amount of money to Breitbart which we
now know great BuzzFeed article
cooperated with neo-nazis white
nationalist white supremacist to push
forward their agenda now you know that
about the Mercer's if you keep taking
their money
well okay then you know what they're up
to and you took it anyway there is some
level of culpability there but if the
Mercer's are randomly really bad people
I don't want to get into what might've
done cuz they didn't do it really bad
people on another count right like they
randomly go and mug people in the
streets well you didn't know that I'm
not gonna put that on you right do you
see what I'm saying I totally see what
you're saying look we don't know every
like terrible dirty thing that every
person that we're associated with is
doing behind the scenes so I don't I
don't blame any politician for having
ties to Weinstein in the past however
when the allegations come out you got to
say something and and look the reason
why I think it's important for someone
like Hillary Clinton to say something is
because think about the guilt trip that
we got from the kill the Hillary
campaign during this past election if
you are a woman who didn't support her
right if no fury if you were a woman who
had the audacity to not support her
because you just didn't like her
policies or didn't believe her when she
claimed that she was gonna look out for
progressive values well you're gonna go
to hell because there's a special
place in hell for women who don't
support other women okay so that's a
very fair point sorry I got the quote
wrong it's a special place in hell for
women who don't support other women so
and given Bill Clinton's issues in the
past that does put Hillary in a bad spot
but look I hear you that super fair
point but she didn't know look I got I
get it I get it didn't know but as soon
as as soon as it's known and it's I mean
look if you I get it you were friends
with this guy maybe you want to like
pause for a second and see how this
plays out right but as long as he gets
fired from his own company when the
board decides they don't know dude you
got to go as soon as he releases a
statement essentially admitting to doing
what he's been accused of doing then you
need to come out and say something
especially if you're on this tour you
know talking about oh you know I lost
because of sexism and this and that and
you know society is so terrible to women
yeah Society can be very terrible to
women especially when it comes to
certain individuals in a position of
power who prey on them and so I think it
was important to hear from her early on
and unfortunately she didn't release
anything until she got a lot of
criticism for not saying some so then I
have one last request so the Republicans
love to think like oh you guys are gonna
be hypocrites and you're gonna support
why I say no we're not hypocrites no one
supports Weinstein and we buried them
immediately you know why because we
don't want anyone doing that to women
it's not unlike you guys it's not a like
oh how are we gonna cover our ass or oh
it's great to do that to women but we
have to pretend no we're not pretending
it's terrible to do that to women so
nobody wants anything to do with them
because we that's not what we stand for
and so if you wanted us to do that great
no problem super easy for us to do that
so in return I assume you are going to
be principled and say yes Donald Trump
for grabbing women by the genitalia
sexual assault bragging about it singing
and get away with it because he's a star
very similar to Harvey Weinstein is also
a monster are you gonna say that wait
hold on and then how about Roger Ailes
and Bill O'Reilly who did the same
things are you going to say they're a
monster and denounce them
you're not you're not and you don't so
understand who the actual hypocrites are
and the people who don't care about
women at all Trump did not condemn
O'Reilly or bill Bill O'Reilly or Roger
Ailes so I mean his camp can talk as
much as they want about this situation
the fact of the matter is when it came
to their buddies at Fox News they
covered for them they defended them they
refused to condemn them and ok one super
last thing they like oh now we're even
no we're not even so it's not about
being it's actually about protecting
women but for you it's about political
scores so oh we you've got 18
conservatives and we got one liberal so
we're even
it's not about that it's a new shouldn't
core or a woman and masturbate in front
of her view she didn't ask you shouldn't
grab her breasts as Weinstein didn't you
shouldn't grab her genitalia as Trump
did you shouldn't force oral sex on them
like Roger Ailes at one scene did
according to these allegations or Bill
Cosby you shouldn't do those things but
you don't actually care about that stuff
that's why you're trying to keep score
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
young turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
