so this is our new segment on TYT called
con jobs it is to explain how so-called
tax reform is actually tax cuts and it's
for multinational corporations and it
does not create jobs it actually
oftentimes kills jobs now they will say
that it creates jobs both the Republican
Party some of the corporate Democrats
and a lot of the business leaders but
that is not how they actually act so we
are doing investigations to find out
what they're actually doing that's we
have a whole new division of The Young
Turks called TYT investigates and you
should check them out
tea or tea network.com slash
investigates and they bring you this
story we'll have the link to the story
in the description box below wherever
you're watching first today is their
first story in this series and they talk
about FedEx and UPS which are actually
among the top 10 companies in terms of
number of employees in the world so
that's a big deal
and so if they are actually going to
hire more people Wow now that would be
news and that would be great so first of
all they keep saying that oh my god
texts are way too high and that's why
we're not able to hire people well is
that true so we looked in there that
well this is in the Obama years from
2008 to 2016 FedEx does not list this US
employee numbers in its SEC filings but
in its report for fiscal year 2016 it
reported three hundred and fifty three
thousand employees globally up from two
hundred and thirteen thousand five
hundred in the fiscal year 2008 ups went
from reporting three hundred and forty
thousand US employees in fiscal year
2008 to reporting three hundred and
fifty five thousand in fiscal year 2016
so if FedEx added a ton of jobs but we
can't quite tell because of their
filings if it's all in the US or mostly
outside the country but they no question
they added jobs they did not cut jobs
and the time that they were complaining
about all taxes are to I we get it add
any jobs ups clearly added jobs in that
same time period that's when they say
taxes are too high okay so now if taxes
are too high and they don't have enough
money to hire people well that's
potentially possible
and almost everybody in TV dutifully
reports that yes of course well the
taxes being high II means you hire less
people and vice versa so is that true
that they didn't have enough money well
we looked into that as well
Steve horn by the way writing this story
for TYT neither company has claimed a
lack of resources to hire new employees
at ups last year's dividend payments
amounted to 2.8 billion dollars
it had three point five four six billion
in cash on hand and paid their CEO
thirteen point seven million dollars
according to your UPS proxy statement
filed in March up more than 20 percent
from the previous year
FedEx paid their CEO 15.6 million in
compensation in fiscal year 2017
according to a proxy filing submitted to
the SEC this September the company ended
2016 with three point five three billion
in cash on hand it gave its shareholders
two hundred and twenty seven million in
dividends both last year and in 2015 as
Smith indicated the CNBC that's their
CEO he expects to use his company's tax
windfall to expand those payments so now
you can say hey listen they want to give
money back to the shareholders find no
problem that's their decision to make
they want to give their CEO fifteen
million dollar salary no problem that's
their decision to make but don't pretend
you don't have cash because taxes are
too high cuz you have billions of
dollars of cash on hand that if you
wanted to you could hire a ton of people
with right now you're just choosing not
to hire more people so let's understand
that but they say don't worry
you give me tax cuts and I'll finally
let go of my ransom or my hostages and I
will use some of that cash which I
already have I don't need to tax those
four I already have them right I will
use it to hire people in fact let's go
to the CEOs quotes so that you know what
they're saying David Abney is you pay us
a CEO he says it's not about okay
corporations would like to pay less
taxes oh no no it's about growing the
American economy creating jobs and
giving us all a chance to be competitive
you see that David Avenue doesn't care
about his profits you just like humanity
he wants to create jobs and grow the
economy overall that's why he's wants
the tax cuts we'll find out if that's
true in a second then we go to Fred
Smith he is the CEO of FedEx he says
it's got to be changed for the u.s.
competitiveness and then to incent
investment in the United States because
that's the only way you get blue-collar
wages up really you're concerned about
your workers wages you know you have all
that cash on hand you just increase
their wages right now instead of giving
it to yourself you could increase their
wages instead of giving it to your
shareholders you could increase their
wages again I'm not arguing with you you
can do those things but then don't go on
TV and tell me Oh golly gee I can't
raise wages until you lower taxes again
it's just not true Smith also said they
both said it actually in a letter that
they wrote a op-ed that they wrote to
The Wall Street Journal
if you lower rates eliminate loopholes
and otherwise simplify the tax code you
create opportunity for growth okay all
right one last thing about what they say
before we tell you what they actually do
including in house lobbying and work
done by outside firms FedEx has spent
over 5.2 million dollars on federal
governmental lobbying in 2017 while UPS
has spent nearly 4.3 million dollars
then we tell you that because they say
that they're doing it for the good of
all of America because they want to grow
the economy and they for the good of
their workers they would hire more
people increase their wages etc and
that's why they're spending good
lobbyist money to make sure that they
look out for you not them no no no no
it's not about that really so what did
we do we went and found out what they
were saying in earnings calls this is
when they have to be truthful in SEC
filings when they have to be truthful
and sometimes not only truthful but
bragging for their shareholders about
how much money they're gonna save them
so let's find out what they're actually
doing
in June FedEx in their June FedEx
earnings call their chief financial
officer an executive vice president
Allen Graff jr. said FedEx Ground has
made significant investments in capacity
and automation and will continue to
invest in the next fiscal year
said the company expects things spend
5.9 billion dollars next year on capital
expenditures including new planes and
continued investments in fedex ground
automation and capacity expansion you
know what automation means that means
instead of having humans do the jobs
manual labor they are going to automate
the process and cut your jobs no no it's
not they don't have enough money they
set it in their own earnings call
they've got five point nine billion
dollars to spend do I bring Raj them
buying new plans and updating their
facilities no look I'm not even gonna
get into a discussion about whether they
should automate or not you know maybe
because of competitive pressures they
feel that they need to or just because
they want to make their shareholders
richer I understand that but don't
pretend that you're going to add jobs
when you're saying in an earnings call
that your plan is to cut jobs is to
automate things so that you don't need
humans anymore that's not all we've got
more now we go to Henry Mayer he's the
FedEx Ground CEO and president he says
we are making investments in material
handling and lifting technologies to
address that we review hub designs over
the normal course of business that
account for package size so that would
divert packages for instance that we
would have to handle manually today to a
more automated mode so there's FedEx
bragging we're gonna turn everything
into automation and you guys are gonna
save a lot of money because we're not
gonna have that many jobs anymore for
actual humans you do whatever you like
for your business I'm not running your
business but when it comes to policy
that affects us all and look we got to
pay for everything anyway it's not like
they that your taxes are getting cut by
a lot no their taxes are getting cut by
a lot and what that does is it
redistributes the tax burden as I've
shown you time and time again it
companies used to make up more than a
third of the taxes that were paid in
1952 in America and how much the middle
class paid was a lot less now that's
down to about ten eleven percent the
companies are paying it's gone down by a
third their tax burden relative to
and what went up the payroll tax what
that the middle class pays the working
poor pays that has gone up tremendously
over all these years so they shifted the
tax burden onto you so you do whatever
you want with your business when you go
out in public and you lie about how
you're gonna create jobs well then we're
going to investigate and find out if
that's true and what we found out is
that you are bragging internally about
how you're gonna automate everything I'm
not done yet now we go to UPS Mayon grey
is the senior vice president and
president of US operations for UPS he
says UPS is mid process of a multi-year
approach to our automation process but
they are giving us 20% to 25% greater
productivity yay machines are better
than humans so we're gonna cut cut cut
and he explains over the three-year
process and by the way you want all the
details of this please go read the
entire article by Steve horn he did a
great job here in giving you all the
details one last quote from UPS they say
in order to meet demand we are
increasing capital expenditures to
expand network capacity and increase
productivity by automating existing
facilities we are making strategic
investments in our top 30 processing
hubs as well as adding new facilities to
our network and then they go on to brag
a UPS representative told industry
publication logistics management in
November 2016 that the equipment used at
the Atlanta hub will serve as quote a
showpiece for us with new automation
systems it's a showpiece they're so
proud of it and what they want to do is
yes they still need humans to drive the
boxes to their facilities and the drive
the boxes out but once you get inside
the facility and they're no showpiece in
their new showpiece it's all automated
they've eliminated almost all the jobs
in those new facilities you want to do
that to save cost I understand you're
running a business I'm not begrudging
you that a lot of people might be Grudge
do that that's not the point I'm making
I'm just saying
please have the
decency did to not lie to us in public
and tell us that you're going to use it
to create jobs no you want to lower
taxes so you can have more money for
yourself for the shareholders for the
executives you're going to take it home
and if you do any investments it's going
to be a broad or an automation we know
because we asked you we looked into your
filings and your statements and that is
the reality of it so when they go on
these publicity tours and ups held one
for Republicans in one of their
showpiece centers where there later will
automate it pretended that oh my god
we're gonna create all these jobs look
at us in a factory with all these humans
walking around later they go to tell
their shareholders just kidding we're
gonna try to cut all their jobs but once
we get the tax cuts more money for all
of us that's the reality so before your
representatives go vote on those tax
cuts understand what they actually are
they aren't gonna create any new jobs
they never have and they won't it's just
to make the already rich and powerful
even more rich and powerful that's their
real purpose but that's a little
embarrassing that's why they don't say
that on TV they pretend they're doing it
for you
if you liked this video you probably
like independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
