so you guys know that there was a
dust-up last week where apparently Rex
Tillerson the Secretary of State had
privately called Donald Trump a moron or
perhaps an effing moron he came out and
did a growling press conference but
never actually denied that he called him
a moron later he sent out a spokesperson
to say that he didn't calm a moron but
the country was left unconvinced
apparently so was Donald Trump now he of
course he blamed it on fake news and
he's doing that again today but
apparently he believes it enough that he
wanted to counter it so he said today I
think it's fake news but if he did that
I guess we'll have to compare IQ tests
and I can tell you who's gonna win look
we've gotten used to how incredibly
stupid the president is and what a child
he is on an egomaniac he is and we're
all sick of it but just stop for a
second and think about how insane that
is
we shouldn't be used to it if President
Obama said oh yeah I'm smarter than my
Secretary of State John Kerry for
example oh yeah I'll be John Kerry an IQ
test I mean it would have been by far
the biggest scandal of his eight years
people would have thought he was nuts
the Republicans would have started
impeachment proceedings they would add
hearing after hearing and the Opress
would talk about it non-stop now it's
not like the president covered this they
absolutely did I'm just saying I don't
want you to get used to how insane the
president is he keeps saying things like
you know I'm like a smart person there
are no actual smart people who go around
saying I'm like a smart person he said
that on two different occasions now he
challenges his own Secretary of State to
an IQ test which by the way please Rex
Tillerson take him up on it
look my guess is and I don't know this
is that if he ever took an IQ test they
never told him the results his dad and
mom probably were like oh oh tell Donnie
he did great know like Donnie you did
great he's like yeah I did great I'm
great at IQ you're one of the dumbest
people that has ever been in the public
sphere and he but you're so dumb you
don't know how dumb you are so I used to
say this
George Bush petite now he makes George
Bush look like a rocket scientist he was
born on third base and thought he kicked
a field goal that's how dumb dumb Donald
Trump is who says I'm gonna do an IQ
test and guess my own Secretary of State
you're also calling the Secretary's
thing dumb but you're the one who picked
him so what does that make you you know
but you know some people think maybe
he's got dementia or something no no
he's always been this crazy back in 2013
this is a tweet that he sent out sorry
losers and haters but my IQ is one of
the highest and you all know it please
don't feel so stupid or insecure it's
not your fault
I mean if my third grader wrote that how
much would I punish him I mean I would
say what kind of a monster am i raising
to taunt people like that but isn't the
guy who wound up becoming presently nice
isn't he's still doing it it's it's just
painful to think about can you imagine
Bill Gates coming out going oh yeah
you're losers and haters well thank you
so hi
of course Bill Gates wouldn't do that
you know why because he's actually smart
no smart person goes around saying that
can you imagine how you son or your come
on come on you bitches you caught your
Beto's look your IQ tests online Stein
Elon Musk Warren you name it you name
any smart person they don't talk like
that because they actually have
intelligence this child√≠s buffoon is
the most powerful person on earth we got
to get him out we got to get him out
he's a danger to the whole world what an
insane pathetic lunatic help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
