on Saturday night the alt-right returned
to Charlottesville to hold a flashmob
rally in their own terms so take a look
at this picture they really do give a
different meaning to flowers yeah we say
now officially the flash mob is over
party can begin
now the rally was only about fifty
people during which Richard Spencer was
speaking into a megaphone yelling you
will not replace us they sing a
confederate battle song the rally only
lasted about ten minutes but during this
time he had these lovely words to share
with the participants this town
Charlottesville robert e lee the
university of virginia the ideal of an
Academical village all of that derives
from our people and it drives from no
one else and all of you know it so you
either have to be fully consistent go
full bullshit makan us tear it all down
Cobra NOLA I don't think you have the
balls to do it to be honest but that's
what you should do if you actually were
consistent for you can act you can
recognize that we have a place in this
country we have a place in this
conversation we have the right to exist
we have the right to advocate for our
interests for our people we're the Stork
majority we defined this country not
anyone else this country ultimately
belongs to us in terms of what it means
in terms of its history and the terms of
its future so get used to that or show
yourself show the u.s. some balls be
consistent and tear it all down I want
to watch you try alright gentlemen let's
get out of here all right so not only
did he use like the early 2000s from a
flash mob he also decided to completely
ignore the fact of the black people who
came to this country really built this
country saying that he built it alright
whatever he also sent out a little video
to his followers everyone
charlottesville 3.0 was a great success
and there's a lot of fun
we came we triggered we left we did an
in-and-out flashmob
we did some singing we did some chanting
some speeches we got in and out there
were no injuries no major confrontations
we demonstrated that we came in peace in
May we came in peace in July we were
badly mistreated and we came in peace
tonight it was a great success and we're
gonna do it again this was this is
definitely as a model that should be
repeated all right talk to you guys soon
so he says they they came in peace now
the chant you will not replace us is a
confusing one because when I first saw
it after the shells full story broken
wing who was replacing you and why are
they I don't get it why are they play so
what does that mean what a weird thing
to chant it turns out that it's an
anti-semitic chant and I was unfamiliar
with it because I'm not a neo-nazi and
they know once you saw the videos and
whites did a great documentary on this
you see that they start with you will
not replace us then they move to Jews
will not replace us apparently in their
crazy councils I on conspiracy theories
that you somehow replace everyone in the
original Roseville rally they also
chanted blood and soil which was another
sort of Nazi look and as well because
everybody knows the Nazis are
peace-loving people yeah that's well
documented and he keeps and that's the
other thing about these you know talks
about getting triggered and stuff yeah
these are the most special snowflakes on
the planet they you had forty four and a
half out of the forty five presidents if
you're white Hey so it's like there's no
place for us what the what the half is
the one that really triggered you like
no there's wall to wall place for you
here that whites are still a majority of
the country they overwhelmingly in power
etc now if you say if by us you mean
neo-nazis and racists and you know
extreme right-wingers yeah I hope
there's no place for you right then we
can have a debate earlier in the speech
to him this was I watched the the full
thing that he put up on periscope
unfortunately because I saw all the
comments come through
made me lose faith in humanity but
during that during his speech he also
talks about white Kovach privilege like
he recognizes that white people have
privilege but then says like oh you're
not gonna replace as you're trying to
take over our land this is ours it's
like wait wait like which is it you have
white privilege or are we taking over
like it pick one you don't get to you
don't get to flip-flop yeah in that
first video the video they played his
speech much like the video X itself
lacked focus and that's the thing with
Richard Spencer if you let him speak you
see that point where he loses focus on
what he's trying to say and he just
starts babbling but you kind of parse it
down into this weird
he's imploring people to tear down the
monuments is he imploring them to go far
and hit him and that's he wants so much
attention there's all these different
articles about what he actually wants
some of them he says he wants some kind
of safe s no state he wants a safe
European homeland which I think that's
Europe you know these guys get true this
little phrase they'd love to say stuff
like that and then he literally says he
wants a safe yes yeah yeah he's I don't
know he I think what he wants his
attention I think what he wants probably
is his dad to love him or something or
to have sex with you know Jane or Hank
or whoever it is that he wants to have
sex with and it isn't reciprocated and
he's gone and he's been frustrated his
entire life and it's turned into this
crazy crazy overreach and self
victimization that he's you know
projecting on to everyone and that's the
case with a lot of folks in this
category I think if he wants that safe
space because he he wants he wants the
the idea of like this Europe of peace to
really you know be delivered on but if
you look at Europe like World War One
World War two that's Europeans all
living in the same place fighting each
other yeah that was a hundred years war
almost every other war I mean Europe is
not what I would call a safe space in
history he wants and it wasn't like the
Africans started those war
or the Jews it was it was white
Europeans who started an endless string
of worse but we're not holding it
against them that's crazy people are
people we're all human beings were all
the same but he takes it as like no
we're the special peace-loving guys it's
the same it's the same thing it's like
we just want you to understand the
complexity of the world yes you're
trying to oversimplify and I have a
device to make all well if you want that
simple place where European culture is
allowed to live and all its glory in a
very simplified manner go work at Epcot
go to Epcot go to the Norwegian village
go to the German area where you can just
live in this idealistic version of the
European ethno State have a beer ride
that weird log flume ride with the
trolls have a fantastic time but leave
it there I buy the season pass he gets
on the small world ride just gets off
and like the one-eyed all they're like
lederhosen his entire speech is all
about like history right and he goes in
he's like this is you know there's
historical evidence I'm here this is our
history oh well it's like no bro like
history is like you're an immigrant you
came and you took this land from
somebody else all right and you all your
people are immigrants too so you don't
get to say like oh no we're an okay
immigrant but other people not so much
but he does that with white people he
doesn't he's his that whole group they
they put different differentiators among
groups of white people they want you
they sent out before their Charlotte
their Charlotte's Ville demonstration
they said why don't you guys show up
dressed this way with this haircut
looking this way and we want to you know
differentiate ourselves from the
rednecks is their you know term but
that's a rebranding thing because he
want he doesn't like want to be
perceived
despite like the Nazi salutes and things
like that you just want to be perceived
like the KKK like there's articles out
there that talk about how he's like guys
this is this is not a good look for us
let's just you know we'll get an
alternative tight like name and now
we're gonna dress a little bit
our doctors on you know and and be this
that have the same messaging but just do
it in a different way
he's not just a white surplice he's a
white supremacist supremacist he's like
I am the best kind of white supremacist
and every other white supremacist is
below me this is like a racist Halloween
where they play dress up with like
different inks okay you guys take the
redneck outfit you you get the hood okay
but remember guys okay we dress well
because Nazis are way better than the
KKK so and and finally the irony of him
saying we built this and only us when
they literally his ancestors that he's
so proud of were so lazy that they would
they wouldn't do their own farming they
wouldn't build anything including the
white house they enslaved other people
to do their work for them now that
doesn't mean that people of this
generation did that white people around
today you didn't do that okay but that
is the historic the history and the
facts of what happened in the South
including in Virginia and so to then
turn around and perversely say blacks
had no contribution and and all the
stereotypes that go along with that what
in reality they built the place is
counter historical to say the least and
and you know what one last piece of
irony he like looks up to Europe and
northern Europe where the whites aren't
it's so fantastic northern Europe is
socialist they're the most left-wing
place on the planet okay so if you
actually love look Northern Europe is I
love Northern Europeans they're
wonderfully socialist you likewise but
of course that's not what it's about
Brett's right it's personal issues not
just for him but all this neo-nazi
followers they all have massive issues
and and unfortunately they'd be a
laughingstock and an irrelevant part of
the current events of today if they
didn't have a president who thought
there were some very fine people in that
crowd watch the young turks commercial
free downloaded or stream it watch it
anyway you like a TYT Network calm /join
