an FBI report from August has recently
been discovered identifying black
identity extremists as a terrorist
threat now I read through this report
and it reads that the FBI assesses it is
very likely black identity extremists or
bie perceptions of police brutality
against African Americans spurred an
increase in premeditated retaliatory
lethal violence against law enforcement
and will very likely serve as
justification for such violence
the FBI assess it is very likely this
increase began following the August 9th
2014 shooting of Michael Brown in
Ferguson Missouri and the FBI assesses
it is very likely incidents of alleged
police abuse against African Americans
since then have continued to feed the
resurgence and ideologically motivated
violent criminal activity within the BIE
movement so I want to read you more from
this report but I do want you to pay
attention to some of the terminology
that they're using here and I try to
really emphasize it when I was speaking
but they say perceptions of police
brutality alleged police abuse because
apparently according to the FBI it's not
that these people who are committing
these acts of violence are mad about the
racism they're apparently being
irrational in their reactions to the
reason according to the FBI and and
before you go on Hannah I just want to
know for the record there is no such
thing as black identity extremists no
well there is now because it's in a
piece of paper mm you think they wrote
it down I mean that's how it that's the
sad truth is now they've created a
category they can funnel people into
well don't you basically what they're
doing is they're trying to re label you
know the BLM as something that it's not
that's what they're trying to do I mean
it's pretty obvious well as you read
through out here that it's all about
like black lives matter movement but
they just sort of like rephrased it so
that they're not as explicit with a
racist they're being now they say
violence against police officers as a
reason for this identification they go
into the FBI judges
like Lee bie bie perceptions of police
brutality against African Americans have
become organizing drivers for the bie
movement since 2014 I think that's
another sort of they're very clearly
alluding to the BLM movement resulting
in a spike of bi es intentionally
targeting law enforcement with violence
and they say even though these five of
these attacks occurred following
controversial police shootings and of
african-americans by white police
officers the BI Year targeting of
officers was not in every incident based
on specific race now they go into and
great detail all of the violence against
police officers yet they don't do any
sort of detail about violence against
black people and they just continue and
go into this and the FBI has a pretty
thorough record of being pretty racist
and when you look at the
counterintelligence programs that they
used to carry out and still continue to
carry out they've always sort of like
they targeted the Black Panthers they
targeted Martin Luther King they
targeted people during the civil rights
movement this is not a new game for them
so you know I praise the FBI recently
because I think they've done some good
work and sporting some potential
domestic terrorism in the country
whether it was by Islamic radicals or
others but we we got to keep it real on
a couple of fronts so during the Bush
administration the FBI was going to look
into right-wing extremism not to say
that it's all right wingers who do it of
course not
a lot of the folks who work with the FBI
also are right-wing some I'm sure are
left-wing etc right but it was to say
there are actual groups like the three
percenters the oathkeepers and i'm not
saying those guys you know i don't know
the details of each one of those groups
but there are specific militias and
groups whose who have agitated towards
violence so now that report was written
in the Bush administration it was
released during the Obama administration
and the right-wing flipped out and so
Rush Limbaugh of Fox News they said oh
my god they're targeting us when the
report didn't say that they said these
specific groups we should make sure and
and if you know the facts you would know
that
is very reasonable thing to do because
actually right-wing extremists in this
country commit terrorism at twice the
rate of Islamic radicals now it's
disproportionate per capita anyway so
it's not like you should ignore Islamic
radicals
that's a definite problem what we would
ask the FBI to do is to treat all this
fairly and then look to see what the
real threats are now is there a group
that belongs in the now made-up category
of black identity extremist there isn't
there is no self-proclaimed group black
group that's going around saying we
should consider a violence we shouldn't
listen to the rules or laws of the
country as some of the right-wing groups
say they say if a judge makes an order
it gives an order some of the right-wing
groups say it has no authority over me
because of the Constitution and and I
don't pay taxes cetera there is no real
equivalent of that on for black groups
this is just a way of saying I don't
know separate mass shooters and in those
cases like in Dallas Louisiana they they
did hit cops but they were not part of
organizations in fact the one in Dallas
that killed five officers was actively
rejected from every black group he tried
to join so there's no movement it's just
it's like saying okay how can I take the
mass shooter in Vegas and somehow
connect him to an the mass shooter in
Colorado and call it white identity
extremists that makes no sense right and
so that's why this is if they were
trying to track a movement that was
dangerous to cops of course of course
you should do that but in this case you
invented a category that doesn't exist
for a movement that doesn't exist and of
course the real problem is what you're
wasting resources and don't do that
because you've actually done some pretty
good work otherwise and number two is
you're now saying winking and nodding to
some FBI ages if they have that perk
Liberty just target black groups whether
they had anything to do with the
violence or not yeah when you're talking
about violence with black groups it's
often perpetrated against that I mean
you look at these peaceful protests
where police officers are throwing you
know tear gas and like things on them
and being extremely violent towards them
you know what I mean it's not often the
other way around and this does sort of
you're right it's like sort of like a
wink and a nod okay we're you know we
said that they all right
and people who identify as like white
supremacists and things like that are
significant domestic terrorist threat
but also we'll add this into to make
sure that we're like covering our bases
and not pissing off enough people
whereas like people within like the BLM
movement and things like that often talk
about peaceful protesting whereas on the
flip side of that Richard Spencer says
that he's not afraid of violence and you
know a bloody revolution to achieve what
he wants and it's like okay it's it's so
it boggles my mind that you know the
bureau cannot look at those like that
compares them right it bombs on them
that they can compare them and it
boggles my mind they don't see that and
are not targeting that war effectively
the only ideology I mean that I've seen
is an ideology of equality justice and
fairness that's what people want the
danger just by having this term out
there is you're going to funnel people
who believe in equality justice and
fairness just by where they are what
they're the fact that they're at a
protest and the FBI are looking at them
into this category that didn't exist
until they wrote it down I mean the
question is yeah it doesn't exist as a
category because there's no one that
fits it right just by virtue of their
trying to connect all these different
chords that don't connect but now people
can be put into it they're gonna take
they're gonna start with the guy who
shot the police officers and that's that
is one person who committed a violent
act and they're just gonna take anyone
who's it's gonna get looser and loot
more and more loosely affiliated with an
act of violence into a potential for an
act of violence which you know they seem
to be pretty angry holding signs with of
course they're angry holding signs
because they want equality justice and
fairness and they're not getting it but
they're not violent and this gives the
FBI an ability to classify them as such
and that's not fair it gives the FBI the
ability to classify them
as such but it also gives just your
everyday person the ability to classify
them as such as well when you think
about how people you know run with the
Islamic extremists and things like that
in the way that they perpetuate that
term and perpetuate bigotry now they
have a new term to use against black
people and it's thought yeah and if look
we got all those protests in st. Louis
and our own reporter Jordan Chariton and
our camera man ty Bayless were arrested
during those protests for just covering
protests well you know stuff like this
allows them to justify it and go well
you know anyone who's protesting who's
of a black identity is a potential
extremist so that's why we have this
category if you did it to white people
and you said okay because some neo-nazi
did some violence in Charlottesville any
Tea Party protests is potential
extremists that would be outrageous and
it would be unjustified so let's spend
our resources on actually addressing
potential extremists and terrorists that
might do us damage the FBI has done some
good work in that about that in the past
let's go back to that instead of going
down this wrong road if you like this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
