dov has apologized after posting a
facebook video that many are calling
racist take a look
so essentially many people are saying
that dove is trying to whitewash the
first woman in this video now obviously
a lot of people on Twitter went crazy
and they have issued an apology saying
an image we recently posted on Facebook
missed the mark and representing women
of color and thoughtfully we deeply
regret the offence
it caused now dove as many of you know
has been pretty good at sort of
expanding our perceptions of beauty with
their real beauty campaign in the way
that they talk about beauty blind spots
that we have in the media that said they
have made a few missteps in the past
let's look at some other of their
missteps here this is from 2011 saying
before and then after and like going
from an african-american woman to a
white woman and then here with a summer
glow that they a summer glow lotion that
they sell where it says normal to dark
skin that's the one what is normal
excuse me that's the one that's just
come on guys yeah so there's a lot time
pack in this I think the biggest issue
is like when you look at Dove and you
look at some of the other ways that
beauty brands talk about Beauty often
whiteness is associated with like
cleanliness and purification and so I
think that's people's issue with this
particular video is that they're
perpetuating that you know kind of
screwed up ideology yeah and you know
there's a history of this in the soap
industry that goes back a long long time
that's why I think they have to be a
little bit more cognizant of it and
careful with it but I also want to say
though that it's it's not as
straightforward like a lot of the
articles have just the black woman
turning into a white woman
and makes us seem like she's getting
cleaner and so people are enraged by
that and if you and if that's all you
see I understand why you'd be enraged
but then the white woman turns into kind
of a brown woman so well then it's not
about washing the black off of you as
they have literally done in the soap
industry in the past those kinds of ads
right so it just feels more like a
mistake than it feels anything malicious
at all so I think what they were trying
to do is that like we work for all skin
types
normal to dark that issue but I think
that we work for all skin types we were
talking about early in their production
meeting
I wonder if there were been there would
have been the same reaction if it was
they started with the white girl you
know what I mean if they started with
the white girl and had that be the
starting one and not have the black
model sort of whitewashed essentially
you know what I mean like I wonder if
the same reaction would have whatever I
can't I can't look at this and determine
beyond a shadow of a doubt that Dov was
being racist like I just I just don't
see it because it goes from black to
white to brown and the idea there thrust
of their campaign is and has been like
for all skin types now their wording of
normal to dark is the one that people
should say what are you doing you just
made white normal and dark abnormal and
that's what you mean cuz if there is a
normal and then there's a dark then dark
is abnormal that's the one you should go
after that said yeah the the legacy of
hundreds of years of soap ads where it's
like you can take a black baby and use
our soap and it'll be white as white as
the morning dew or whatever like that's
the kind of stuff that Dov needs to be
aware of but it but in this what
happened was a lot of people took to
screen caps there was a black person and
then they became a white person and then
they just shot that out all over the
place because it's very difficult to
find that video that you see here
down and and then Ava Duvernay pointed
out the wording of doves ad to say we
missed the mark is another way so here
yeah you do you see the three but the
the wording of ava duvernay z' objection
was to their their apology which which
said we missed the mark and she like
that's a little that's to flip and she
acknowledges that dub has as you said
done a lot in the way of exploring you
know it saying expanding your definition
of beauty but in this situation it's
just it's it's not there yeah i mean
here's the thing is is i agree with you
that this ad alone might be hard to sort
of like discern whether or not they had
like racist intentions like i don't
think they had racist intentions but i
do think when you are in a roomful of
like ad execs and marketing execs and
people who are looking at this over and
over again it's hard not to see
something like this i mean like hey like
you know we'll look let's look at that
you know the history of so Bad's let's
talk about like the way that we've
always talked about like white is pure
and things like that in addition to the
fact that like there's still a lot of
products on the market now in different
countries and in different cultures that
talk about trying to like achieve that
white ideal like skin whitening lotion
and things like that so like these are
things that you need to take into an
account when you're putting something
out like this i don't think it was you
know purposeful but you just need to
like do a long research we talked about
it on pop trigger today and this gives
everyone an opportunity to go find out
more about like it's it's fascinating
and heartbreaking the legacy of soap and
and darren dean on our show was talking
about like the different skin lightening
creams and and all of the pressure it
puts on people to get lighter and that
that is that is a tragedy and that's
something that shouldn't be around and
and that's what we need to dig into i
just think that this is a is a study in
people taking to screen caps and putting
something there that isn't there
explicitly yeah so if you just see the
the black girl turning into a white girl
it just seems over-the-top racist and i
think that's the only thing that anyone
is seeing not anyone but a lot of people
are only seeing that and so i've seen
people on Twitter saying like I don't
even want the explanation I mean this is
so wrong I don't want the expansion but
don't do that because sometimes
explanation is does give you more
clarity and yeah I mean if they had kind
of like the brown or white that's worse
right that would have been and in one of
the ads earlier that Hannah just showed
you they kind of did that with the
before and after yeah and and here more
diversity might have in the boardroom
might have helped a little bit and but I
don't know I don't know who was in the
room and they might have thought well we
went black to white to brown so it's
okay but at least know the full context
of it and so it's obviously a mistake
because it blew up on them at the same
time the adding the brown girl at the
end makes a giant giant overt as people
are making it out to be there's a
cynicism like my cynicism kicks in it's
like in a way I can interpret it that
you're like using like you guys being
the woke brand to sell more soap and
that that's where I come down it's like
oh it does feel like we're throwing in
the brown girl at the end so we can
we've we've already checked that box
like that's a cynic cynicism I can kind
of go to to say like I don't know about
Dov they are they just trying to sell
more soap but but you know that I don't
mind it all but yeah of course you're
trying to sell more soap or soap company
and so if they want to use diversity to
sell the soap that's a good thing not a
bad thing
they just screwed it up here so I
they'll straighten it out and you know I
think that yeah yeah I think that we can
get past this it's not like there's a
million really really important racial
issues in the country this is not the
thing to take in the over if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm slash join
