nothing better than a Republican
catfight this time I know what quarter
we obviously have Donald Trump we have
Donald Trump almost every time I cuz
it's a catfight he is Donald J troll the
king of the trolls and he was trolling
bob Corker for reasons I'm gonna explain
and in the other corner senator corker
from Tennessee diehard conservative
Republican so this fight is both
interesting on its face because you've
got two Republicans going against each
other but also the devastating comments
by corker give you an excellent insight
into what is actually going on in the
White House so how'd it get started in
the first place well we go to the New
York Times for that explanation after a
report last week they report that mr.
Tillerson had once referred to mr. Trump
as a moron mr. corker told reporters
that mr. Tillerson
was one of three officials helping to
separate our country from chaos that's a
quote separate our country from chaos
those remarks were repeated on Fox News
Sunday which may have prompted mr.
Trump's outburst okay that is fair
speculation I will add of course he saw
it on Fox he's like how could corker
possibly say that these are the guys
keeping me from chaos otherwise I
couldn't do it on my own
and of course rice tiller since the
Secretary of State that he had issues
with last week so Trump decides he's
gonna start a war with bob Corker genius
idea that'll help you get votes in the
Senate so he tweets out senator bob
Corker quote begged me to endorse him
for a reelection in tennessee I said no
that's also in quotes and capitalized
because he's a child and he dropped out
said he could not win without my
endorsement he also wanted to be
secretary said state I said again
capitalize and in quotes no thanks
he's also largely responsible for the
horrendous Iran deal hence I would fully
expect corker to be a negative voice as
staying in the way of great agenda
didn't have the guts to run hey look
again if we weren't used to it a
president sending out a tweet like that
about someone in his own party would be
so mental that that all that's all the
anybody would ever talk about if if
these tweets were from President Obama
about a Democratic senator it would have
been the largest controversy of his
entire eight-year administration by far
by far if he was like Schumer's a baby I
he you know I wouldn't endorse him so he
had to run and you wouldn't do it
anymore it didn't have the guts people
would be like what in the world did you
just say but we're used to the president
being a lunatic so we're like oh yeah of
course he's attacking one of his own
colleagues fellow Republican and in
vicious ways and is it true everybody
knows it's not true so New York Times
asked corker about it corker says this
is his version when I told him that that
just wasn't in the cards about running
for a reelection he said you know if you
run I'll endorse you I said mr.
president it's just not in the cards
I've already made a decision so then we
began talking about other candidates
that were running now look I'm not one
to believe any politician let alone a
Republican politician so it's not like I
look at bob corker and I think like the
rest of the media that's like oh that
has to do honorable esteemed gentleman
from Tennessee he must be telling the
truth no I have a great deal of
skepticism and he might be coloring in
to his advantage a little bit too but
given the track record of the
pathological lies of Donald Trump who do
you think is more likely to be telling
the truth
okay I'm gonna vote with corker on this
one so we go forward he says I don't
know why the president tweets out the
things that are not true you know he
does it everyone knows he does it but he
does so now he's talking to the New York
Times in response to those tweets from
the president over the weekend but he's
not done so after he talks at the Times
and there's some really powerful course
I'm gonna get to in a second on that he
then goes back online and get a load of
this I talked about senator corker
tweets it's a shame the White House has
become an adult day care center someone
obviously missed her shift this morning
dad
Joe romps okay
drama in the Republican circles that
basically bob Corker saying I'm not
running for reelection anyway we're
gonna do to me have that in us okay you
want to do mean tweets I can do mean
tweets let's go let's go to war here and
they're about to so of course Trump is
like what nobody tweeted against me goes
back on the tweeter machine and writes
bob Corker gave us the Iran deal and
that's about it
we needed health care we needed taxco
slash reform we need people that can get
the job done and that's a reference to
the Iran negotiations bob corker of
course voted against the Iran deal why
because he's a Republican and he's
absolutely wrong about that deal but he
allowed a vote in that case which pissed
off conservatives are like you should
never allow vote under Obama how dare
you and now we don't have war thanks a
lot Bob corker even though he actually
voted against the deal and would have
been perfectly happy with her war
apparently but not good enough someone
fed that memo to the to Donald Trump
because there's no way in the world he
knew the details of that and he comes
down because now he gave us that Ron do
you I never liked that guy the first was
really you're a meeting with him two
weeks ago you were happy to accept his
support and praise during the campaign
and by the way bob Corker thank you for
coming to the party you're a little bit
late i guess we'll take it but we also
remember how much you supported donald
trump as he was running for president
anyway now let's go to the devastating
quote corker Toria linear-time said
President Trump was treating this office
like quote a reality show with reckless
threats towards other countries that
could set the nation quote on the path
to World War three a Republican senators
saying a Republican president could set
us on the path to World War three
because of how reckless he is and how
he's treating the White House basically
is a joke Wow this would have been by
far the biggest controversy under Obama
they would have had hearing after
hearing after hearing oh my god you've
got a Democratic senator saying that the
Democratic president is going to bring
us a World War through what does he know
that we don't know we need that thousand
here
on this okay this will be like any other
day oh yeah of course but this is
amazing stuff guys don't don't get used
to how insane this is so he went on
explain an extraordinary New York Times
reports in an extraordinary rebuke of a
president of his own party mr. corker
said he was alarmed about a president
who acts quote like he's doing the
apprentice or something which of course
is true I think he does think that by
the way also why he probably fires one
person a week he still thinks he's on
their apprentice you're fired okay how
did I do in the ratings you idiot you're
in the White House that's a different
job okay he what goes on to say corker
does he concerns me he would have to
concern anyone who cares about our
nation look that is the seventh most
amazing and damaging quote from these
series of interviews and tweets but I
want you to think about that a
Republican senator is saying he would
have to concern anyone who cares about
our nation if you're a Republican out
there what you don't know is what the
people in power do know they think that
he is mentally unfit to run the
presidency that he is a danger to the
whole world
that's what bob corker is telling you
because he's not running for reelection
he has more he says I know for a fact
that every single day at the White House
it's a situation of trying to contain
him that's why he made the reference to
the adult day care because he's Donald
Trump's a a child and every day they
have said please mr. president you're
such an idiot don't do that
you're gonna start something that is
going to have devastating consequences
of course they don't say it in that
language because all he cares about is
ego they have to say mr. president
you're so so wonderful in that tweet was
fantastic but if you could just stop
with the fantastic tweets because it
might start a fantastic World War three
oh okay so more corker says as long as
there are people like that around
referring to John Kelly and Tillerson
and mattis he says who are able to talk
him down when he gets spun up you know
calm him down and continue to work with
him before decision gets made I think
we'll be fine
so he's saying
those guys leave watch out because I'm
the child of no one to take care of him
and God knows what buttons he'll press
he says I don't say he appreciates that
when the President of the United States
speaks and says the things that he does
the impact that it has around the world
especially in the region that he's
addressing and so yeah it's concerning
to me so when he threatens a complete
annihilation of North Korea and says
that hey ignore our diplomats like Rex
Tillerson the Secretary of State that
obviously is devastating consequences
because that means we cannot solve it
through diplomacy you just told them to
ignore our top diplomat what's the only
other option left a war and as bob
Corker deeply conservative republican is
telling you is that would be World War
three don't do it
watch out for the manchild in office
more he says a lot of people think that
there is some kind of good cop bad cop
act under way but that's just not true
that's another really important one I've
been saying this from day one you think
he's doing some sort of
three-dimensional chess he wouldn't
understand two dimensional chess if you
explained the two and four hours he's
like what do I tweet about this I don't
understand he can barely understand the
concept of checkers so there's no ooi
Tillotson saying this and I'm doing this
and it's strategy every once in a while
certainly Republicans do it when people
on TV - they're like well you won the
presidency he ran against Hillary
Clinton anyway
he won the presidency maybe has some
deep strategy there's no strategy it's
just an idiot sitting on him sitting in
his office at watching Fox News and
tweeting that's it that's it that's all
explanation now it's not just me saying
it it's one of the most respected
Republicans in the country saying it
okay he says I know he has hurt in
several instances he's hurt us as it
relates to negotiations that were
underway by tweeting things out whether
it's North Korea Iran or other foreign
relations he goes on and say look except
for a few people the vast majority of
our caucus understands what we're
dealing with here so he's telling you
something that we've been telling you
but you didn't believe it or some of you
of course like let's by the way let's be
clear two-thirds of the country
can't stand Donald Trump everybody says
well I mean look you must be popular no
he's polling at about 35% that's it
that is not popular that is deeply
unpopular he had the distinction of
beating the single most unpopular
candidate we've ever had and he didn't
even beat her in the popular vote there
is no magic he just figured out to be
populist and the Democratic Party put
out an elitist candidate that city the
35% is real that means people don't like
him only about a third of the country
supports them there's no magic here okay
and the entire Republican caucus
according to one of their own knows what
a moron the president is how dangerous
the president is they're just keeping it
from you finally he says of course they
understand the volatility volatility
that we're dealing with and the
tremendous amount of work that it takes
by people around him to keep him in the
middle of the road by that he doesn't
mean the middle of the road politically
bob Corker in the republican caucus is
deeply right wing they're not concerned
about Trump's policies being too
moderate sometimes he's the right of
them sometimes he's to the left of them
that's not what the issue here is
they're worried that he's gonna drive
off the road he doesn't know what he's
doing and this is bob Corker letting the
whole country know we know the
Republicans senators the Republican
caucus we know that we have a madman in
office well senator corker if you know
you have a deep responsibility to act
it's not like you can't do anything and
you're not retired yet you're still a
United States Senator and if your whole
caucus knows well get together with the
Democrats and do something about it
because starting World War three is no
light thing and shouldn't involve
politics we do have a dangerous lunatic
in the White House he is a buffoon he
has no idea what he's doing he's a
danger to the country into the world and
now you've admitted that you know that
so the very next step should obviously
be to do something about it help us
build independent media
come join us TYT Network comm / join
