you remember that a while back Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer went to the
White House and and they hugged it out
with the president
and by the way I don't say that to
criticize them I I think they did a
great job there and you know me I'm not
much first telling you that Schumer and
Pelosi are doing a great job they got
what they thought was a deal there about
how they were gonna do Dhaka that is
that's the for the dreamers to make sure
the people who were brought here when
they were kids and are a great part of
our country right now can stay and
apparently Donald Trump agreed to that
and did not include a provision on the
wall so they were elated about that and
the news stories came out and Donald
Trump did not deny that so that was a
deal now look I said at the time even as
I said good good work on their part
let's be careful here Donald Trump is
not one known for keeping his word a lot
so today he has released his
quote-unquote immigration principles
well first of all that's a newsflash
turns out Donald Trump has principles
didn't know that so what are in his
immigration principles here if he is
going to do the compromise legislation
with the Democrats well let's find out
according to the hell those principles
include cracking down on undocumented
children
oh great start being sent to the US
border from Central and South American
countries toughening of Border Security
and immigration enforcement and
construction of a us-mexico border wall
oh well there goes that deal God so it
turns out that Donald Trump over the
last couple of days has met with four
Republican senators and congressmen and
with a guy with no actual principles or
ideology whoever's in the room last wins
so they're like oh now remember you said
wall so if you're gonna compromise with
the Democrats you need to have the wall
he's like all right yo got about the
wall yes all right we're gonna need the
wall that's gonna be in our principles
so now Schumer and pellucid Pelosi find
themselves shocked disagree and they put
out a joint statement saying the
administration can't be serious about
compromise or helping the dreamers if
they begin with a list that is an
anathema to the dreamers for the
immigrant community and to the vast
majority
of Americans well is he serious about
compromising and actually helping the
dreamers probably not of course not he
doesn't know Hey look he changed his
mind day-to-day hour-to-hour tweet to
tweet so by the way that's also good
news in this case cuz does that mean
that this is the final word and he's
definitely gonna want the wall in the
compromise no Jesus mind tomorrow but
more of their reaction though from the
Democrats they reiterated on Sunday
night that their agreement quote
explicitly ruled out the border wall
look again it's not a knock on Schumer
and Pelosi here they're doing the best
they can with a child in office and I
have a lot of issues with them on other
issues literally and in other topics but
in this case they got a good deal it's
not their fault that Trump as a child
and a liar and now switch the deal
that's Donald J Trump for you so one
last one from Sheeran Pelosi they say
this proposal fails to represent any
attempt at compromise to which I say of
course it does strum now look later he
might compromise and he this might be an
opening position you know I told a
Schumer and Pelosi that but I'm gonna
start with this so that I later I can
take out a couple of those but put the
wall back in and then they'll have a
back-and-forth on this and it might be a
perfectly fine negotiation strategy if
you're a Republican but when's the last
time there was a successful negotiation
by Donald Trump I know he wrote a book
called the art of the deal and again of
course he didn't write that book he had
a ghostwriter write that book couldn't
put two sentences together his life
depended on it but the realities he's
had six companies go into bankruptcy god
knows how much money he owes the
Russians and since he's been in office
you've all seen it with your own eyes he
hasn't gotten a single deal not one deal
not one will the Republicans not one
with the Democrats so when he's
originally told them the wall would not
be included and they would just go for
the DREAM Act of course he was lying
slash didn't know what the hell he was
talking about and had no idea that the
wall was this complicated
we'll have to see how this develops but
it ain't over till it's really really
over because Trump can change his mind
at any time not known for brilliant
negotiation strategy so likely the
answer is the Republicans talked him
into it and God knows if the Republicans
or Democrats will talk him into a deal
at the end and what will be in that deal
but if you were prematurely celebrating
that we were gonna have the DREAM Act
pass without the wall in there come back
to reality and reality ain't pretty it's
filled with Donald Trump's mad musings
and and and his consistent changing of
his mind but we were nowhere near the
end of this story and there is no deal
on immigration if you like this clip of
The Young Turks you know there's a whole
live to our shows 6:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
