there have been any number of people in
both media and politics who have stepped
up in the past week or so to launch
absolutely horrible and worsening
attacks against Christine Blasi Ford for
having accused Brett Kavanaugh of
sexually assaulting her several decades
ago but up until this morning Donald
Trump had chosen to mostly sit on the
sidelines which is not really that's
really normal for him especially
considering his own dark past in this
area of both harassment and assault and
his steadfast support for any man
accused of these things including Rob
Porter and all of that but as of this
morning he is off the sidelines he's in
the game and here is how he has decided
to weigh in on this topic saying judge
Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man with an
impeccable reputation who is under
assault by radical left-wing politicians
who don't want to know the answers they
just want to destroy and delay facts
don't matter I go through this with them
every single day in DC the interesting
thing to remember about that as we
proceed to his other tweets is that he
says the other side doesn't want to know
the facts so bear that in mind
second tweet I have no doubt that if the
attack on dr. Ford was as bad as she
says charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I asked that she bring those
filings forward so that we can learn
date time and place again he wants to
learn date time in place he wants the
facts in that second tweet but now we
get to the third where he says the
radical left lawyers want the FBI to get
involved now why didn't someone call the
FBI 36 years ago that's the interesting
thing you seem to desperately want to
know what was going on and then you
attack them for involving the FBI an
organization whose job is to find out
what is going on I think that we would
all like to understand a little bit more
about what is going on right now but
also what happened 36 years ago he seems
to have a very weird tenuous approach to
that that's just one part of it though
of course the thrust of his main
argument is that her not willing to go
forward to the police when it happened
as a 17 year old should really make you
question whether she knows what happened
is remembering it wrong maybe is making
up the entire thing there's there's
shades of a conspiracy in some of those
tweets this has been described of course
as slut-shaming also advancing long many
debunked myths about how sexual assault
survivors choose to function and whether
we should believe them based on the way
that they act as rain made clear an
organization that deals with sexual
violence in reality seven out of every
ten victims don't report to the police
and they go on to explain that while
seven out of ten don't report of those
who do very very few a far smaller
fraction get any sort of justice all of
these these things are contributing
factors to people not wanting to come
forward and I would now add to that list
the fact that the president United
States possibly the single most powerful
person in the world is coming and out in
attacking a victim of sexual assault
well that this is a president who tends
to pay people off not to talk about
things that he imagines nothing happened
so it could be that the the method in
which Kavanaugh could have handled
something that may have happened in his
mind would have been how he would have
handled it yeah so that's all convoluted
the reality is you know shit as you said
in those stats not and proportionally
most victims of any kind of assault
don't come through and they don't come
through specifically for the reason that
they could be shame they might not be
heard they are dealing with it in their
own personal and in her case that's what
she was doing for all that time it
wasn't like she wasn't potentially you
know this is stressed or that she didn't
go to therapy or she didn't have that
all of the activity around and around
the past and what happened in her mind
and in how she developed her life but
that said you know the guy who is the
President of the United States and you
know kudos to him for like holding it
together for two days and not going
after her for him but that is just just
just another analytic shameful ways in
which he misbehaves because the reality
is his job is to say just part of what
you just went over I want to know what
happened and we should continue to
determine what happened as well as what
Cavanaugh's other questioning might
amount to by but by the by the committee
as he goes through his hearing this is a
guy who could possibly or not be taking
over a major seat for a long time
possibly more than 36 years in the
Supreme Court
that's all he should be doing so let's
note a couple things for the record here
the FBI would not have been able to
investigate that crime 36 years ago
would be local law enforcement Trump
doesn't know that on the other hand what
does Trump know and on the other hand he
said just the other day that destroying
the FBI would be one of his crowning
achievements of his administration so
and and you have to know this is an
important fact then only the president
can ask the FBI to do a further
background check in this case and so
he's saying well I mean a volley we
could know these facts this to John's
point well there is one way to know if
you asked the FBI to look into it but if
you don't then yes then the rest of us
can do about it
and then yeah he doesn't want to set a
precedent where the FBI is looking at
incredible claims of sexual assault
amongst powerful Republican because he's
toing that yeah and and earlier in the
week like hmm he's showing some degree
of restraint that seems amazing well
let's see how long it lasts but we sui
said it we said hey look man you gotta
call it as it is that's restraint he
didn't attack her right and he and he
said well you we just want the facts
like somebody gave him that talking
point but he stuck with it yeah okay
it's a really low bar to give Donald
Trump a comment like a good job you
didn't viciously attack someone who
alleged an attempted rape but of course
he couldn't hold it of course he
couldn't so today blah why did she do my
like the part of the tweets that was
most despicable
so questioning whether someone actually
went through an experience week you know
because they didn't have the they didn't
come forward when they were 15 she was
scared to death she said that her
parents would find out that she was
drinking at that party and that she got
herself in trouble she's 15 years old at
the time etc so that's all terrible
enough but did you notice the worst part
of it or her loving parents comment in
other words as her parents walked for
now
coming forward they didn't even know
about it he's such a bad guy can't help
but viciously attack people that you
know that are in any way in his way I
think that comment actually went to her
credibility as someone today as well
even though yes he was attacking as well
he was attacking her parents for not
knowing something they didn't know back
then we're not doing something they
couldn't know about to do back then but
I just think it was also super
condescending I mean you know here
here's here's what me a doctor Ford you
know here is someone who's actually come
quite a long ways in life right and to
kind of infant oh why is that in this
tweet I thought was like an additional
extra trumpian dig though that there's
small words always look at details
because actually I was waiting for all
this for this for days as you said he's
been holding it in the only thing of the
trifecta of she took too long to come
forward where was the police involved
all that stuff happening the other part
of this that he forgot to go with which
maybe it'll happen tomorrow is you see
her face you see her body
why would judge Kevin I want anything to
do with this from that's the only thing
left and Trump's normal toolbox is to
talk about how she looks and why that's
not a thing lastly on that twenty years
if this attack was as bad as she says so
that's kind of admitting that there
could have been an attack and it wasn't
that bad yeah it was just some as one of
the supporters from the Judicial Watch
Network one of those it was just some
rough horseplay so it was an attack but
just wasn't that bad
so she's bringing this up at all she did
was just try to get in there bands oh
this is all that happens yeah let me
just my shade of difference on that is
he's he's saying either wasn't that bad
right
it was just rough horseplay as the
judicial crisis networks first person
said it or it was really if it or she's
making it up because if it was that bad
obviously you'd go report it to the
police and because in his mind remember
one of the things he's charged what he
was accused of is while his pregnant
wife was upstairs in the middle of an
interview he cornered a reporter pressed
her against the wall and started
fondling her and you remember from the
Access Hollywood tapes he says he just
grabbed them by the genitalia if you're
powerful there's nothing you could do
about it
he knew as that as not bad right right
he was like hey if
stranger in an alleyway I guess as
that's bad and obviously you would go to
the cops with that everything else you
just shut up about as Prager said Dennis
Prager said earlier in the week oh
people grab my mom's breasts all the
time they grab my wife's breasts and
they were they were they were empowered
enough to say knock it out yeah so I
want to add just one more development
today to this because I think it needs
to be acknowledged and he he's gotten
into this many of the other defenders of
Kavanagh I've gotten into this there is
no one whose life story and choices and
actions and communication are examined
with more of a fine-tooth comb
than survivors of sexual assault and God
help you if you are not the perfect
victim who acts exactly the way they
expect baits up based on mythology
they've created if you don't you know
report it in the right way at the right
time all of that so they've been saying
this whole time she waited a really long
time it was a really long time ago I
just don't buy it there's no evidence
okay well we are finding more out more
now that we know about this and
reporters can look into it about what
was happening to her and her social
group around that time so the New York
Times talked with an unnamed male friend
of hers that said that after the summer
of the alleged attack for then known as
Chrissy Blasi fell off the face of the
earth
socially that's a quote then says all I
remember this is the gentleman I all I
remember is after my junior thinking
where is she she was the sort of person
a lot of people paid attention to she
was a leader she was great I was like
where did she go so I don't expect that
that will actually convince anyone of
anything if they already believe that
she's a liar but she is acting and has
acted through the course of her life up
to and including her fears about what
testifying next week could actually be
like she is acting exactly like the
victim of sexual assault and that
behavior can come in many different
forms the idea that we should be picking
apart her behavior to say and that's not
how I would have acted if I had almost
been raped is utterly absurd utterly
insulting it also leads to more women
not being willing to come forward when
they're attacked in similar ways on the
go don't worry we've got you covered you
still listen to TYT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
