Donald Trump decided he was gonna go on
Mike Huckabee's program on Trinity
Broadcasting Network they were going to
talk about different priorities they had
oh good that's could be useful and
informative so well they didn't get
health care passed but and they were
talking about that and he's gonna make
strums gonna explain that it it's coming
back it's never dead it's a zombie but
the way that he flippantly explains how
unimportant it is is both hilarious and
haunting let's watch
well I'm very disappointed with a few
people because honestly we have some
great people in the Republican Party and
they're getting hurt because of a few
people that wouldn't raise their hand
for health care and we're gonna get
health care - we're gonna get health
care well they have health care before
the election but we're gonna get health
care and block granting the money back
to the states so the states can take
much better care it's a smaller form of
government it's you know in theory I
want to focus on North Korea I want to
focus on Iran I want to focus on other
things I don't want to focus on fixing
somebody's back or their knee or
something it's look if it was the first
time that Donald Trump had said
something crazy
I guess our heads would explode more as
it is he could explode a little bit here
so he just dismissed health care with
like I can't be focusing on fixing
people's backs and knees there's a news
flash for you you're not the actual
doctor that's not what we're talking
about here I clarify this because
there's some chance he doesn't know
remember earlier in his administration
he said nobody knew this but health care
it turns out to be complicated know
everyone in the country but you knew
that fact so now because I don't have
time to fix people's backs and knees oh
my god imagine who Trump was your doctor
I bet look whatever I got I'll keep it
just don't touch me okay but to him
health care that affects the lives of
well obviously hundreds of millions of
Americans all of us but tens of millions
of Americans would lose health insurance
under his plan he's again I don't have
time for your backs and knees so
horribly dismissive and of course the
usual nonsense braggadocio but we're
gonna get health care we're gonna get
health care I know you got a secret plan
right like the one you told us about
before your election about how you
repeal and replace Obamacare on day one
how'd that turn out it didn't turn out
that well did it okay so he doesn't care
about you he in this case literally
doesn't have your back or your knees
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm / join
