The Fearless Girl statue who faces off
the charging Bowl on Wall Street has
become a symbol of feminism
unfortunately it turns out that it was
an empty symbol of equality that was a
facade for a large and pervasive gender
pay gap now on Thursday State Street the
two point six trillion dollar investment
firm that funded the fearless girl and
unveiled her to great fanfare on
International Women's Day and March
agreed to shell out 5 million dollars to
settlement claims that it pays its
female and black executives less than
white men at the firm the back pay will
go to 305 female senior executives and
15 black sized presidents who works in a
State Street office in Boston the firm
also has to submit a thorough analysis
of its pay and agreed to fix any other
discrepancies according to a settlement
agreement with regulators from the
Department of Labor now according to
State Street she represented the power
of women in leadership and the potential
of the next generation of women leaders
which is lovely but not rooted in
reality because only three women sit on
it's 10 member Board of Directors and of
the 28 executive on its leadership team
five or women one of whom appears to be
black and all 23 are white this isn't C
Street is not alone in this discrepancy
I mean 5% of CEOs in the finance world
are women 29% of senior executives are
women and at the three largest banks
less than three percent of executives
are black so again this is an example of
somebody a company trying to capitalize
on the resist movement on being woke but
not doing the work behind it yeah I got
again call it color be shocked you know
that you know that the structures of
capital and you know the inequality that
we have in America are getting wise to
the idea that if they kind of don't
throw a couple symbolic bones to some
sort of progressive cause they'll get
like a short-term burst of you know
sympathy and you know include marketing
crying you know when reality you know
they really are just working to
perpetuate all kinds of inequalities
whether they're sexual gender based or
you know rich based or whatever
now she's smiling for the right reason
now it means that now that they've had
they're having to pay yeah you know yeah
for what they did now that kid
yeah the smiling girl means something
real I mean but now what a stupid stupid
oversight the PR behind that come on
guys I mean when you think about like
Google to like Google said like oh we've
you know pay everybody equally there's
no gender pay gap here and then it comes
out because they want to be they want to
be progressive they want to be doing the
right thing they just like financially
don't want they should it's good it's
gonna come out get out of it yeah it's
gonna rip the band-aid off worry about
the questions do the right thing is
that's the right thing hello I think
State Street State Street's statement
about the fearless girl is kind of very
indicative or it's like you know they
celebrate you know female leadership and
female leaders and and you know well
that's all well and good it's such a
limited vision of of what like an
emancipatory women's movement could be
right I mean it's just like so long as
like we maintain these structures of
inequality and we make sure that you
know more or less there's a gender
equity at the tippity-top
everything should be fine and like
that's not true you know like that
that's just that'll just help out like a
handful of women and leave millions of
women sort of still impoverished and you
know suffering the consequences help us
fill the independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
