an Arizona man in the wake of the Las
Vegas shooting made a symbolic gesture
of giving away his guns
it's how he figured he could contribute
to something positive around this so he
posted his name's Jonathan Pring he's a
duel British and American citizen and he
shared pics of himself giving guns over
to the police
there he is handing over and they're
there no small-arms he said in part of
his Facebook post I will miss my guns I
enjoyed taking them to the range and
doing Rambo poses in front of the mirror
I paid a lot of money for them however
if I was to write down the 10 most
important things in my life the guns
wouldn't make the list he said we can do
something about the guns we can just get
rid of them it's that easy
so that's his you know attempt to do
something do we believe him what is your
reaction to seeing that kind of a
statement is it a good statement is a
good rhetorical stance for people to
take I mean I'm someone who doesn't like
guns around me to begin with I can't
really relate to someone like him
because I think the most dangerous thing
you can do is to have that weapon in
your home you know like someone else
could pick it up or you could have a bad
day if you have depression issues like I
just think having it around is so
dangerous so I like that he gave him up
just for his own sake right the you know
the the amendment of things called the
Dickey amendment that you know keeps
people from doing research around gun
violence through the CDC that came as a
result of someone doing research that
discovered that if you have a gun in
your home it's more likely there will be
a gun homicide in your home mm-hmm and
after that bit of news coming out they
were like ah we shouldn't do any
research about guns anymore
mm hmm that's it he's giving away his
guns I'm a cynical person super duper
cynical and I mean I get it I mean I
hope that certain people decide they're
gonna change as a result of this but I I
don't know what are you cynical about in
this story I don't know I don't believe
the guys you don't think he's real you
think that he went out and bought those
guns and I
we're like it's more like the idea of
someone going out there and saying
though the solution in all of this is
for everyone to give up their guns
I think paints a certain picture of like
the people who are interested in gun
control only advocating complete
relinquish enough all firearms yeah he's
leading by example he's putting his guns
where his mouth is like I like that he
had an idea and he ran with it and he
said this is how I did it I appreciate
that part of it he didn't tell everyone
else to go and do it he said this is
what I'm doing for him to take a bath
clash on his own well I guess you didn't
get to that part yet but like he did
this on his own
yeah and took so much hell for it that's
the part that makes me sad he wasn't
preaching yeah let's talk about some of
the hell that he's gotten I've got one
quote of someone who posted as a
response to what he put on Facebook he
said this person said she's unarmed and
wants you to show his wife a good time
while he watches like come on and that's
not it a lot of people are saying a
bunch of terrible terrible things to
this guy yeah he took down that Facebook
post and right and then they and his fan
he took his family out of the house cuz
someone posted his home address right
yeah the gun so yeah if you cross those
gun guys there did Derek jerks yeah
turns out and they're armed and they're
armed so I mean do you think we gotta go
ahead and I just again they had the
whole idea that we're allowed to
everyone is for gun control no matter
who it is though and whether the because
should I be allowed to own a tank
shibulata Odin bazooka you know well
then you're for gun control it's just
where you put it and so I'm for limiting
magazines I'm for limiting high out and
get rid of hot salt weapons whoa like we
used to have an assault weapons ban in
this country we can do what Australia
did this idea that somehow you know the
reason why you want guns is what they'll
say is big is to protect me from the
tyranny of the government the
government's gonna come and take my
rights and so I want a gun
to protect myself from the government
that's what they'll say except the
governor took your rights we live in a
surveillance state you have no rights
left they have every text every phone
call every email you make and you don't
have ABS corpus anymore they can throw
you in jail without charging you also do
say you're a terrorist so your rights
are gone already we don't really have
this liberty and freedom of you thinking
you have and so but you still want your
gun they took all your other rights but
you still want that gun so now the guns
just for the gun it's got it's about
nothing else except you fetishizing guns
and we all know that they overlooked a
part in the Second Amendment that says a
well-regulated militia we all know they
overlooked that why would they put that
in the Second Amendment this is from my
perspective the Second Amendment is the
worst Amendment just a writer spoke it
is the most poorly written Amendment in
the original Bill of Rights all the
other ones are like freedom of the press
freedom of religion freedom of this
freedom of that the beginning it's it's
a well-regulated militia comma being
essential to the security of the state
comma then I mean there's the you try to
parse it out it's so archaic the right
of people to keep and bear arms shall
not be infringed but it said arms not
gun but it's like right it's like they
just want the guns the way it's framed
either it's either it's written the way
I believe it to be like all right
there's gotta be guns because of a
militia well-regulated militia like it's
poorly written cuz you're ready
well-regulated regulated regulate world
word regulated ISM yes and then you say
shall not be in pitch so it says
something that should be regulated
should not be regulated it's a shittily
written amendment to the bill to the
Constitution and then and but the other
way to interpret it is the way you ask
for something when you don't want to get
to it too quick it's like I want the gun
I want the gun but I don't want to say
give me the fucking gun
I'm like yeah you know the gun guns the
marmee's being that they are for
security purposes you know if you want
because the we got a regulate security
state give me the fucking gun it's like
hands
for clasping things they're important
for Koji Jack me--off like that's what
you're saying but people also forget
that the Second Amendment was written at
a time when we had muskets yes just
about to say that let's let them all
have muskets yeah everybody could have a
musket anything above a musket you're is
illegal but you also went to you know
the old battlefields and they had they
had cannons and people going throughout
the city with their you know with their
musket and their cannon wheeling behind
if you want to put a cannon on your
sidearm I go ahead you want to put on
your belt well at the time I think I
meant on the show yesterday Scalia wrote
like there's a law back in the day where
you couldn't carry a scary weapon around
like that was illegal for the purpose of
intimidation I don't know if it's called
brandishing I didn't look at it between
then and now you know the Wild West used
to make you check your guns in at the
city limit the Wild West used to do that
so they had more gun control in the Wild
West and we have in the civilized 21st
century qit membership gets you
commercial free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
