so the Titans the Tennessee Titans are
planning on the side of free agent
quarterback Brandon leaden well what
happened well with starting quarterback
Marcus Mariota hurt the Tennessee Titans
are planning to sign free agent
quarterback Brandon Weeden a league
source told the SPN Whedon was cut by
the Houston Texans last month before the
season started so this guy couldn't even
get a job as a backup before okay and
now he's getting signed again because
their guy got hurt Mariana was diagnosed
with a minor strained hamstring
following MRI he's considered day-to-day
and Titans coach Mike Mularkey isn't
ruling him out for Sunday at Miami just
yet the Titans will have plans for
Mariota and backup quarterback Matt
Cassell this week Mary Ellen does not
need to practice the play and malarkey
said the quarterback decision might not
be made until right before a game times
Sunday now Ron tell me why this is even
more significant so that they didn't
hire Colin Kaepernick as Colin
Kaepernick is a Superbowl starting
quarterback who's still in the prime of
his career if he's only 29 30 years old
so it's not like he's too old to play
and so why is this even more significant
the reason the Titans thing is so
significant they've been talking about
this is because the Titans were getting
some success as a zone reed offense
meaning that you need a mobile
quarterback the quarterback might tuck
the ball and run or dish it off to the
running back if the focus is on him or
pass it to a quick pass to a receiver if
someone from the secondary blitz is or
something like that you need a mobile
quarterback for something like that
someone like a Peyton Manning would not
be good in that type of offense a call
Colin Kaepernick is a mobile quarterback
so when their mobile quarterback went
down and they put in Matt Cassel who's
not a mobile quarterback the Texans beat
the pants off of them right so you know
the big thing is they're saying well
Colin Kaepernick is a certain type of
player a lot of offenses wouldn't work
for him well here's an offense that is
made for his style of playing and they
didn't even consider it not only that
right it goes even further than that
Colin Kaepernick himself is the reason
why this office of scheme is even
popular it was Colin Kaepernick success
in the zone read scheme that made zone
read offices popular it was him
commune it was a Russell Wilson to an
extent so the way it works is that the
quarterback has the ball and the running
back comes up next to the quarterback
the quarterback reads the reaction of
the defensive end if that guy comes
inside two towards the quarterback the
quarterback hands the ball off to the
running back and he runs to the outside
around the defensive end they gain a lot
of yards that way if the defensive end
stays sit outside guarding the running
back the quarterback keeps the ball and
runs it straight so he cannot do that
without a mobile quarterback Colin
Kaepernick is is the I mean he is the
prototype for that kind of offense and
he's the one that popularized it and
they're hot by passing him to sign a
quarterback who is the antithesis of
that offensive scheme Brandon Weeden is
a bad quarterback he's a bad quarterback
he was horrible when he played for
Dallas he did he lost African how many
games in a row like 10 games in a row I
think his record as a starting
quarterback is it might be like 1 in 15
it's atrocious
the notion that that they would rather
have him then then Colin Kaepernick is
not a football decision right that is
not he can call it whatever you want
that is not a football decision there is
no reason to have Brandon Weeden there
so Matt Cassel as Ron said is also a
very he's a bit more mobile than Brandon
but but neither one of them is a running
quarterback they do not fit that offense
at all at all so and so to me this would
be if you need a conclusive proof that
there is being a black ball is concavity
being blackboard in this collusion
between the owners to not hire someone
this would be it right here
this is conclusive proof if there was
ever a situation where Colin Kaepernick
should be hired this is it and they're
not even dead he may consider him so
there you go so now here is Max
Kellerman one of my favorite boxing
announcers he's gonna snap and he's
gonna weigh in on the Colin Kaepernick
this situation and I he really breaks it
down he gets to the heart of it
precisely
the issue that colin kaepernick is
protesting is systemic racial injustice
which starts with the international
slave trade the middle passage the
institution of slavery reconstruction
Jim Crow ongoing systematic oppression
which has created racial imbalance in
terms of social justice
that's essentially what Colin Kaepernick
is protesting so that's pretty heavy
laying out that he nails it right there
and it's right in your face and I'll
just say this I can't watch the NFL this
year and it hurts because I like to
watch the NFL it's fun people say oh you
don't care if they crack their heads and
there those are adults making decisions
to get paid to do something that is
totally different than systemic racism
manifesting inside of a sporting event
that I'm participating in by watching so
that's a totally different thing I like
watching boxing people don't like boxing
I like watching them and may I like well
you know people get to skydive if they
want to people get to mountain climb
people get to do a lot of dangerous
that they choose to do that's a totally
different discussion than racism
systemic racism and so now I'm not
watching it now if you do watch it then
NFL you're complicit you have and that's
that's the decision you're making and
that's okay but you just have to know
that's the decision you're making and
that's the you know Martin Luther King
said if you're not part of the solution
you're part of the problem and I'm
pretty sure he said that but but he was
George Bush maybe it was George Bush you
know that's right I think it was Steny
Hoyer but so I don't see how you could
in good conscience watch this first of
all to know that the controversy is
manufactured because of marketing money
the players used to not even be out
there during the national anthem until
the the military paved the NFL to bring
about their to make it seem more
patriotic and what is that for that is
called bought and paid for patriotism
that's not real patriotism that's
marketing you're trying to get somebody
to join your gang that's what that is
the male
Terri's noticed hey no one's joining up
anymore because people are seeing
through our so we got to make
it seem more patriotic I know we'll give
you money to go perform a play that's
what this is a play of people coming out
to stand for this that's all mark that
is not patriotism that is paid
patriotism which isn't patriotism that's
marketing so the NFL is willing to sell
out patriotism for money a and B they're
willing to practice institutional racism
but by doing what they're doing the Cohn
Kaepernick and not standing up for a guy
standing up against racism so if you I
can't participate in it and it's killing
me I love football but I can't
participate in football I don't know how
people can you what you are doing is
participating in racism
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens there's a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
