young turks drop it
Popo powerpanel jr jackson no me Prince
John I rola I'm Jake huger how you doing
on me I'm great how are you I'm awesome
okay so we have tons of exciting news
for you guys we are at the turning point
I will explain a little bit later in the
program what do I mean by that there is
two piece of news today that I think
will begin the final countdown
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
so yes so you can sing along with me
John
so is it Cavanaugh no we have huge story
on Cavanaugh but that is not it is it
Michael Cohen flipping even more and
cooperating with the prosecutors give
partly but the biggest story today is
Rosenstein so we're gonna get to that a
little bit and it is it will likely set
off the dominoes so so at some point
there's some chance on the show today we
will yell dominoes mother no okay
probably will not do that okay we also
have major news about an interesting an
interesting thing related to the Young
Turks I'm gonna do that in a second Holt
alright so at first about today's
proceedings not only we're doing the
show at 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. as we always
do of course as you know but John is
gonna do double duty today he's gonna
host the first hour and then he's gonna
run over and for the members host the
better O'Rourke Ted Cruz debate so that
is happening tonight it's a 7 o'clock
that's only for the members live
play-by-play coverage with John and
Brooke Thomas okay you guys gonna love
that now here's the thing you're
thinking but wait a minute you guys are
also on-air what am I supposed to watch
well don't worry okay let's say I see
you okay your members so you can watch
either one in live and the other one
later because obviously members not only
get it live but they get it afterwards
as well so T y-t-dot-com slash joined to
become a member and to get that and I
want to do a special fat thank you and a
shout out to Dallas news.com NBC 5 in
Dallas for sharing their live stream of
the debate they're sharing it with our
national audience and that is greatly
greatly appreciate
so thank you nbc5 in dallas yes yes do
you clarify that but just be super clear
if you tune in to our stream not only
will you have our commentary but you'll
have the actual stream of the debate as
it's going on we will also be taking
member comments and questions live
during the actual debate analysis so if
you want to interact with myself or with
Brooke you can do that live while we're
doing our breakdown so that's in about
an hour
and so to y-t-dot-com size joining to
become a member but then once you
remember you got to go to tea
y-t-dot-com slash members live that's
how you watch old school and it's live
postgame when it's live and this debate
coverage so Beto versus beta begins
tonight okay fun for everybody I want to
do an ad about that next week okay so
now announcement number two this is also
important for all of you out there
progressives you need to participate so
Ben and Jerry's has partnered with
moveon.org so this is a super fun
partnership they are going to come up
with no wrong you are gonna come up with
seven new flavors for wonderfully
progressive candidates running for
Congress that's why I love Ben & Jerry's
over the fact that it's delicious but
Ben Cohen is one of the great heroes of
not only the progressive movement but
specifically getting money out of
politics so he's done some amazing work
for that and move on obviously a huge
progressive group so the endorsed
candidates include and these and you
guys have to come up with innovative
flavors for them and if there's a
contest I'm gonna talk about the contest
in a second but the candidates are just
king she's a just Democrat out of
Pennsylvania
Ammar Kompany jar Jos Democrat that's
been on a power panel with us and
interviewed many times in Duncan Hunter
juniors seat therein and so looking
forward to those flavors Lorin
underwater in Illinois off top porv all
in Ohio
JD Shelton in Iowa Stephanie Rose
Spalding in Colorado another just
Democrat in it and again another person
who's been on the power panel here
earlier James Thompson from casas fourth
District James's awesome and was on
rebel headquarters just earlier this
week so how are you gonna do it
you're going to invent seven flavors and
flavor names we've already started
thinking about them so I might have to
have a contest okay John John John and I
are gonna get into a beef here over or
an ice-cream over who's gonna make the
flavors better anyway no beef in any of
these flavors just but it you got a
captured sob candidate obviously how you
enter is go to moveon.org slash Ben and
Jerry moveon.org such Ben and Jerry if
you're watching this later willow as
always we have the links down below in
the description box for comment section
on YouTube and Facebook and entries
supposed to receive by midnight
basically on September 28th 2018 so
that's coming up so put on your thinking
hat and get to it winners will receive
one pint of their own custom Ben &
Jerry's ice cream so that's a great
innovative way to help progressives
thank you Ben & Jerry's and move on okay
so here's the exciting news about the
Young Turks now look you know we're home
progressives you know that you're gonna
go to tea y-t-dot-com sighs join to
become a member you know that the
activist level members get first dibs on
tickets to our own events now but this
is not one of our own events but we
would like you to show up because I
think you're gonna enjoy it this year at
pol√≠tica I will be debating Tucker
Carlson dam so that happened they got a
photo of him making a different facial
expression so you you're gonna go to in
order to get tickets it's Sunday October
21st obviously as you can see in that
graphic the whole convention is the 20th
and 21st ana kasparian will also be
there
Hasan piker is also going to debate
Charlie Kirk again so a lot of the young
turks crew will be there throughout go
to politic on.com and then enter the
promo code tyt where the people who use
that code we will be communicating with
you guys about what we're gonna do that
weekend I'm gonna say anything I'm just
saying okay so that would be
knighting so make sure you enter the
code tyt jankura versus tucker carlson
it ought to be interesting
you don't want to miss it but it said in
conversation
we are just that's all we're doing Sadie
goodnight you're gonna exchange the
ideas thoughts and ideas yeah the gloves
are off and I believe the holes have not
been barred they have not been barred so
no holds barred we'll see how that goes
I will be questioning some of things he
has said I'm sure he will do likewise so
it'll be an interesting conversation
okay look forward to seeing you guys
there all right now we've got lots of
news now like I said Kavanaugh Rosaline
Cohen huge stories but yesterday I
mentioned to you some of that's really
important to progressives and now how it
got under my skin does happen from time
to time so I wanted to make sure that I
followed up with you guys and it is
about a topic you are familiar with and
and probably have similar feelings
design.you about the frustration that it
causes with the mainstream media
okay so CNN has consistently been
questioning progressives Alexandria
crosshair Cortez in particular about her
programs to help American people that's
obviously an outrage if you do tax cuts
for the rich to the tune of trillions of
dollars well of course we can afford to
add Wars for trillions of dollars well
of course we can afford that but you
want to help somebody get health care in
America we're gonna pay for it
so in fact let me just show you a couple
of quick clips here we did this earlier
with Jake Tapper crystallises done a
follow-up that I want to share with you
guys then we'll comment on but I want to
show you the tone of tappers questioning
and the substance of it as well
so we already sure shared with you
across your cortisol responses in an
earlier clip so this is just as a
warm-up to solicit let's remind you
tappers questions let's watch according
to a nonpartisan and left-leaning
studies friendly to your cause including
the Center on Budget and Policy
Priorities or the Tax Policy Center the
overall price tag is more than forty
trillion dollars in the next decade you
in an interview that increasing taxes on
the very wealthy plus an increased
corporate tax rate would make two
trillion dollars over the next ten years
so where's the other 38 trillion dollars
going to come from so as we explained to
you earlier that is greatly misleading
first of all he said from left-leaning
think-tanks yes some of the smaller
numbers the 32 trillion dollar number
which i think is the the great majority
of the 40 trillion if I can do my math
right and I'm pretty sure I can comes
from the coke funded study at George
Washington University but he made it
seem like oh no these are all liberal
think tanks that are coming out with it
but more important than that as we've
gotten now over several times that 32
trillion dollar number is does not exist
on its own that is the cost of health
care in the country and so every
proposal would counter that we would
take away some percentage of that money
now progressives have shown and we've
shown on this program over and over
again even that Koch funded study shows
you if you actually applied Medicare for
all as it currently exists it would save
us 34 trillion dollars that's the thing
that Jake Tapper left out so that would
be a net two trillion dollars in savings
and instead of talking about this
monstrous 40 trillion dollar number we'd
be talking about obviously a much
smaller number six trillion but even if
you thought hey you know what it's not
gonna say it was two trillion it's gonna
cost us two trillion and that's what the
Conservatives might argue well you're
still not talking about 40 trillion
dollars you're talking about 10 trillion
at that point so the whole thing is
grossly misleading and Alexandria
concert Cortes countered by hey health
care actually the Medicare for all
proposal saves money a very similar 2.4
the one I'm making right now but tapper
was not convinced and at the end of the
interview he ended it this way to me I'm
not going to get an answer for the other
38 trillion dollars
okay I'm not sure that you wanted that
answer and but still CNN persists so
crystal is a-- apparently progressives
responses to this I don't know if it got
under his skin or they just love this
topic so much because they can't wait to
show that they are not liberal media by
beating up on progressives and and of
course it depends on whether you're
right or not
so facts do matter so let me quote
quotes ELISA here he said on Sunday
CNN's Jake Tapper put a very simple
question to exaggerated Ocasio gore it
does how are you planning to pay for the
many and various expensive programs and
plans that you're either proposing or
support the New York soon-to-be
congresswoman didn't have any answers
like none he said but wait a minute
Chris she explained for three minutes on
how Medicare for all would save money
now I guess you're hanging your hat on
well she didn't go through the math that
Jake Tapper presented let us know it and
we looked into this and we asked CNN
about it we asked some of the groups
that they cited is there does this
number exist anywhere else the forty
trillion dollar number the tapper asked
her about right there and no it appears
that it's CNN's math they took a number
of studies and put them together so the
reason why that's important is because
this is the first time Alexandria
concert Cortes or anyone has ever heard
of that number so you couldn't possibly
are prepared ahead of time for this
question so then they say okay here's
forty trillion dollars I put it up in a
graphic which you might or might not be
able to see as a guest and I need you to
answer right away she gives the best
answer she can wait a minute the thirty
two trillion dollar number actually is
not accurate because Medicare for all
which save us money and they go no it's
like none like none that's not true
because you're not paying attention
because you don't want to pay attention
so I he goes on he says let's buy into
across your core test case that cost
would shrink if the government rather
than the free market ran things pause
there to note that apparently she did
have an answer okay not none so
apparently you acknowledge that he goes
on to say let's even say the
they would have the cost of the programs
that she supports making the law that's
still 20 trillion dollars which is
coming which has to come from somewhere
right no Chris Chris look it's
incredible how smug they are and how
condescending they are when they are
preposterous ly wrong why would you have
the number that doesn't make any sense
have to des a combination of college for
all Medicare for all and a number of
different programs it's a weird thing to
say let's have the number no if you took
out Medicare for all taking out the 32
trillion dollars you're having a
completely different conversation and by
the way as tapper pointed out in the
beginning across your Cortes has said
per se if you take away the Trump tax
cuts that's another two trillion dollars
if you do the speculation tax that's
another two trillion dollars and so on
and on makes you know there's actually
very little to make up if you had to
quote-unquote make up anything and I can
get to the substance of the how they're
thinking about it wrong in a second but
their math is preposterous ly wrong but
yet the condescending
whereas we made up a bunch of numbers
and then we made up having them and that
we claim that you don't have an answer
for things that we made up out of whole
cloth so let me give you the rest and I
want everybody to jump in he goes on to
say the truth at a concert Cortes
doesn't want to acknowledge is that the
only or at least the most likely way
that she fills the gap between cost
savings and the actual cost of the
programs she's proposing is to raise
taxes YES on the wealthy but also for
being honest on more than just a wealthy
raising taxes is never popular no
correction Chris it is actually quite
popular among the American people if you
actually looked at the polling but you
don't instead you're in groupthink and
in Washington my Republican friends told
me raising tax is now popular all my
rich friends told me that raising taxes
is not popular look at a poll Chris it
actually is popular these tax cuts were
they cut taxes to the tune of two
trillion dollars at one point I think
pulled it 17% have you ever looked at
any polling so I'm sorry if I'm being
condescending but I believe you started
it okay tapper is doing
kort he says I love this one tapper is
doing an important public service here
solisten says well why we really
appreciate it
he's highlighting the difference between
campaigning and governing the truth is
that as a candidate you can be for
almost anything because you don't have
any responsibilities you aren't in
charge of managing the federal budget or
reducing our deficit and debt
obligations free stuff sounds great but
free stuff is almost never free oh look
at the condensation dripping hello as
well yes yes Oh free stuff isn't free
unless we're giving it to the rich all
of a sudden trillions of dollars
materialize out of nowhere and he
concludes with as Jake's interview made
very very clear Ocasio Cortez isn't
there yet and by the way that's just a
little bit of sexism sprinkled in there
like Oh Cassio Cortez young woman
doesn't understand how to have an ageism
perhaps it's that it doesn't know how to
govern but the most important thing if
you put those sexism ageism etc side is
but Chris Jake did you guys for one
second ever considered how we're
governing today and I don't mean just
under Donald Trump I mean under your
beloved establishment under your beloved
status quo it's been an absolute
disaster
epic deficit after deficit under
Republicans and Democrats and in the tax
cuts on the wars and the spending and
all those things that never got us any
of the results that they promised do you
remember that the Bush administration
and congressional hearings said of the
Iraq war would cost 1.7 billion dollars
instead it cost several trillion dollars
and did you ever ask them how dare you
you obviously don't know how to govern
look at these children in the Bush
administration child Dick Cheney doesn't
know how to govern a foolish John Bolton
doesn't understand anything about money
did you ever put up a grabbing and say
John Bolton where's the money where's
the money where's the trillions of
dollars you wasted no never because you
assume the status quo is a great thing
whereas the rest of the country does not
we think the status quo is a disaster
well I mean I think look obviously going
back to the the skyrocketing
skyrocketing costs of the war effort and
you know Iraq and Afghanistan that
that's certainly true but we don't even
need to go back that far I mean they
just passed a defense budget this week
six hundred and seventy three billion
dollars that's never expressed in the
same way you know what does that
actually mean over the course of a
decade well we assume if it doesn't go
up and of course it always goes up but
that's six point seven trillion dollars
right there
now we're gonna afford it I some of my
favorite free stuff is military stuff
but free stuff isn't free so how are we
gonna afford that they would never ask
that question of anyone democrat or
republican Lib or conservative because
with certain types of programs the
assumption is that the value is there if
they say we need seven hundred billion
dollars in the actual budget not you
know including continuing expenses and
things like Syria obviously we need that
we need to have military defense budget
levels that are similar to under Vietnam
even though we're not in a war or even
close to comparable if they do the tax
cuts the assumption is that the value is
there the Republicans always say that if
you cut taxes that will actually
generate more government revenue so they
just assume that that is the case I
didn't hear him going through that list
of the programs under the DSA as he was
labeling it and talking about all the
benefits of that if you cut these
student loans what do you think happens
to the money that the people would have
been spending on their loans they'll be
spending it on other things which not
only stimulates the economy but also
produces more government revenue we know
what it on the on the opposite way when
you cut people's taxes people who are
already making millions or potentially
more each year they're not then plowing
that saved money back into you know
Starbucks and buying cars they're
generally putting the money offshore so
they've got it exactly twisted Jake
Tapper could take that same sort of
condescending attitude and make a great
career out of applying that same sort of
rigorous standard hopefully attached to
the facts to every politician that comes
before him but he of course will not do
that he will do that with libs and
probably just young latina female libs
like Alexandria caster Cortes he will
never take that tone with Steve King or
anyone like that Mick Mulvaney paul ryan
tax cuts all these things that happen
they'll criticize Donald Trump the tilma
who's not ready for primetime the guy
for the entire election talked with all
the promises you can
promises when you're live he brought up
of course he brought up a long with
Alexandria Casa Cortez he also brought
up Andrew Gilliam just I don't know it
just sighs to that name in there too
because you know all these guys who were
new to the scene at least in your mind
sorry hasn't been do anything in
Tallahassee for all these years it's
just that oh you just heard their name
Nash it means they don't know what
they're doing
of course yes this criticism for Donald
Trump for his craziness his over-the-top
rhetoric and way he talks and responses
always all but he's he's connecting with
the people it's okay to connect with the
people in the country that you're
staying in the heartland of the country
but not for the people who she's in New
York
somebody's in California all those crazy
libs all they want is handouts when you
see a rich person getting handouts which
they did and then it all gets siphoned
out we had Tara fights where people are
losing jobs I remember he was trump was
promising carrier jobs harley-davidsons
losing he doesn't know how these things
work they'll point out that that's
happening but they then won't say and
why should we trust him with anything
else they'll just say hey what crazy
with that the next step is the next
thing he says is gonna screw you over to
they'll say that here because I'm
telling you there's something deep down
and it happens with liberals and Jake
Tapper's pretty good on a lot of
socially progressive things I think from
what I've seen but there's still
something inside even from a lot of
liberals that they see a young woman a
young minority of either gender and
they'll go I just I can't see her making
legislation that I have to follow it it
doesn't feel good to them there's still
something that paid up some people's
stomachs they don't like seeing that
face do something for the country that
they have to then follow there might be
a thing on women and mouths - I mean I'm
I I have a degree in math I've got a
graduate degree in statistics I am I
want to talk a little bit about you know
some of the things you mentioned about
how we can dig into what Jake Tapper
didn't do and think about how this
really benefits the economy whatever the
cost is because a cost is also a
reallocation that's what happened when
for example the Fed created out of
nowhere four and a half trillion dollars
to give to the US banking system to
allow them to be prosperous instead of
say taking a third of that
1.4 trillion which is a correct number
on tappers list and using it to defuse
the Stu
so that when students actually graduate
they can go ahead and pay for things and
not have to pay for all their debt
similar was healthcare right now and
that's I think where this number came
from we pay as Americans three point
four trillion dollars a year in health
care so what the basic study that tapper
chose to use in that interview said okay
well ten times that's thirty four
trillion so that's the number which has
nothing to do with anything first of all
that is the number that includes
increases Hospital cost increases in
premiums
it doesn't look at more importantly the
deflection of any money whatever the
right number is from paying premiums and
paying additional healthcare and paying
from other things that could go into the
economy into preserving one's life or or
one's health for example right now the
average family in the United States pays
about eight thousand dollars a year in
health care costs
five thousand dollars sometimes per
individual if you told everyone you're
getting a five thousand or eight
thousand dollar tax cut in other words
we are reappropriation your pocket so
that you can you put that into the
economy that looks like a really great
game and that is a much smaller game
than the one and a half trillion dollars
of tax cuts they went to corporations
who only pay for nine percent of the
federal budget so all of how we should
be looking at the essence of what
Alexandria said and what Bernie Sanders
says and what progressives say which is
that we need to choose how we grow our
economy do we have grow our economy by
funding stuff that doesn't go into the
economy but makes GDP look better or do
we fund the economy by taking things
into the economy that can allow its
citizens to be healthier and citizens to
be more productive economically and
raise GDP nowhere in any of the
conversations that attack what
progressives want to do with their
spending indicates the increase that
happens on the other side of
reallocating funds away from helping
those that don't need it and re
attributing that to people who can use
it into the real economy whether that is
after school whether that is instead of
health care costs whether that's to grow
businesses whatever that might be raised
GDP actually inflate the economy so that
as a country we're not paying 17% of gee
in healthcare costs versus 9% in almost
every other developed country almost
more than basically double but we're
actually increasing GDP and reducing
healthcare cost so that we are healthier
as a nation and for people so I want to
make one final comment about their view
of the status quo and and look I agree
with jr. that that they're probably
socially liberal I you know and I've
credited Jake Tapper in the past for
some good segments and we try to be fair
here you know here I'll try even more
here look I think you guys make might
make some good points that I mentioned
it to about you know is that their age
is it is it that they're new onto the
scene is that I think it's mainly - this
is an ironic way of being fair to them
but their disdain for progressives in
general because they have show the same
disdain to Bernie Sanders and so and
he's in obviously a different category
and so but in their world view these
guys are all outsiders and now don't
know how to govern they've thought about
of Bernie Sanders that way for the last
40 years to them he seems like a radical
for proposing things that in almost
every issue about 60% or higher of
Americans agree with it is not a radical
position again I asked you to look at
the polling I asked you that from the
outside because you almost never invited
us on the inside so sometimes you'll
talk to Bernie Sanders you did a three
minute segment with Alexandria crosshair
Cortez and then you follow it with like
progressives can never answer the
questions that's because you don't ask
them you ambushed her with a made-up
number and then never followed up with
any other progressive other than they
keep pounding that they can't answer
they can't answer it well you don't
actually have him on air look at the
answer no me just keep she's a former
managing director of Goldman Sachs has
written a number of best-selling books
about these issues I think there's
plenty of progressives to choose from
but somehow CNN never gets them on air
there's wall-to-wall Trump people
there's wall-to-wall Clinton people but
when it comes to progressives know here
at Amazon for three minutes and they
make fun of them for a week afterwards
what and don't let them defend
themselves but and maybe their look
again I guess I'm gonna sound a little
condescending here but two can play at
this game maybe they're afraid of the
answer that if we came out there and we
made these points they'd like whoa
that's
we don't talk about that on here so for
example Jr alluded to you know with
progressives they're always saying oh
you want free stuff you want free stuff
that's a Republican talking point Oh
welfare the welfare queens want stuff
but hey how come you guys almost never
talked about corporate welfare I mean an
amazing study between 2010 and 2015 but
the 200 top companies who gave money to
politicians gave and astounding 5.8
billion dollars but you know where they
received in return
four point four trillion dollars in
subsidies what was your graphic about
that all right you're a multi-billion
dollar corporation so maybe that's what
makes you uncomfortable but and a lot of
those people advertise on your list keep
it real and maybe that's why you don't
want progressives on air but the reality
is that there if there is welfare in
this country people who want free stuff
its corporate welfare and they robbed us
to the tune of trillions of dollars so
you'll excuse us that when someone
proposes to spend money on the American
people that we get excited by that
because for the first time it would be
our representatives representing us
rather than their corporate donors okay
look I can go on and on it whole part
about cops but we got to go different
stories for you guys we got to take a
quick break here then some of the most
important things I believe the Domino's
are about to begin with Rosenstein and
and and Cohen so come back and do that
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT comm slash
joined today in the meantime enjoy this
free site
all right back on young turks too many
comments here i'm gonna power through
them romantic warriors says TYT is the
bomb honored to be a member thank you we
appreciate it
t y-t-dot-com so it's joined of course
to become a member being plain jane says
this is youtube super chad says yes
you're debating tucker this is great
should be interesting dr. pepper o doom
writes it on twitter using hashtag t
whitey live the right wing better get
those thoughts and prayers ready for
tucker cross and he's gonna need them
we'll see we'll see
it'll be fun chaos magician 77 says just
convince my trump supporter parents to
support Medicare for all whoa I love
that one that's my favorite comment Gaby
Morita says anyone fixating on the
notion that Medicare for all will cost X
while deliberately omitting that it will
overall save why is being intentionally
dishonest and that is a fair point you
have to wonder why they're doing that
and Axia 66 and these are now in the
member comments and and we prioritize
those of course for our members could
the White House have made up and leaked
the Rosenstein info so that they could
use it to fire him Trump jr. didn't
waste a second to attack tweet him so
hold we're getting that story and that
is an interesting hypothesis one last
thing pull results from yesterday we
asked you guys if Christine Blasi Ford
should testify in the Cavanaugh hearings
and I was very curious to see which way
you guys were gonna go in the polls
still open at TYT calm slash poll eighty
percent said yes and animate a spirited
case against it and and there's good
reasons against it but eighty percent
want her to testify okay all right and
oh by the way I should mention if
they're happening on Monday we're gonna
cover them live on t y-t-dot-com slash
live that's for everybody okay members
of course always get all the content
afterwards as well if you miss it live
but those are really really important
hearings so will be here at 10:00 a.m.
Eastern if they're on Monday if they're
on a later day we will cover it on that
day so we will definitely be covering it
live make sure you tune in to t YT
all right yeah and to be clear the
entire run of
the entire day okay all right okay let's
talk about this actually there have been
any number of people in both media and
politics who have stepped up in the past
week or so to launch absolutely horrible
and worsening attacks against Christine
Blasi Ford for having accused Brett
Kavanaugh of sexually assaulting her
several decades ago but up until this
morning
Donald Trump had chosen to mostly sit on
the sidelines which is not really that's
really normal for him especially
considering his own dark past in this
area of both harassment and assault and
his steadfast support for any man
accused of these things including Rob
Porter and all of that but as of this
morning he is off the sidelines he's in
the game and here is how he has decided
to weigh in on this topic saying judge
Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man with an
impeccable reputation who is under
assault by radical left-wing politicians
who don't want to know the answers they
just want to destroy and delay facts
don't matter I go through this with them
every single day in DC the interesting
thing to remember about that as we
proceed to his other tweets is that he
says the other side doesn't want to know
the facts so bear that in mind
second tweet I have no doubt that if the
attack on dr. Ford was as bad as she
says charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I ask that she bring those
filings forward so that we can learn
date time and place again he wants to
learn date time in place he wants the
facts in that second tweet but now we
get to the third where he says the
radical left lawyers want the FBI to get
involved now why didn't someone call the
FBI 36 years ago that's the interesting
thing you seem to desperately want to
know what was going on and then you
attack them for involving the FBI an
organization whose job is to find out
what is going on I think that we would
all like to understand a little bit more
about what is going on right now but
also what happened 36 years ago he seems
to have a very weird tenuous approach to
that that's just one part of it though
of course the thrust of his main
argument is that her not willing to go
forward to the police when it happened
as a 17 year old should really make you
question whether she knows what happened
is remembering it wrong maybe is making
up the entire thing there's there's
shades of a conspiracy in some of those
tweets this has been described of course
as
shaming also advancing long many times
debunked myths about how sexual assault
survivors choose to function and whether
we should believe them based on the way
that they act as rain made clear an
organization that deals with sexual
violence in reality seven out of every
ten victims don't report to the police
and they go on to explain that while
seven out of ten don't report of those
who do very very few a far smaller
fraction get any sort of justice all of
these these things are contributing
factors to people not wanting to come
forward and I would now add to that list
the fact that the president United
States possibly the single most powerful
person in the world is coming and out
and attacking a victim of sexual assault
well that this is a president who tends
to pay people off not to talk about
things that he imagines nothing happened
so it could be that the the method in
which Kavanaugh could have handled
something that may have happened in his
mind would have been how he would have
handled it yeah so that's all convoluted
the reality is you know she as you said
in those stats not and proportionally
most victims of any kind of assault
don't come through and they don't come
through specifically for the reason that
they could be shame they might not be
heard they are dealing with it in their
own personal and in her case that's what
she was doing for all that time it
wasn't like she wasn't potentially you
know this is stressed or that she didn't
go to therapy or she didn't have that
all of the activity around and around
the past and what happened in her mind
and in how she developed her life but
that said you know the guy who is the
President of the United States and you
know kudos to him for like holding it
together for two days and not going
after her for him but that is just just
just another the litany of shameful ways
in which he misbehaves because the
reality is his job is to say just part
of what you just went over I want to
know what happened and we should
continue to determine what happened as
well as what Cavanaugh's other
questioning might amount to by but by
the by the committee as he goes through
is here and this is a guy who could
possibly or not be taking over a major
seat for a long time possibly more than
36 years in the Supreme Court
that's all he should be doing so let's
note a couple things for the record here
the FBI would not have been able to
investigate that crime 36 years ago
would be local law enforcement Trump
doesn't know that on the other hand what
does Trump know and on the other hand he
said just other day that destroying the
FBI would be one of his crowning
achievements of his administration so
and and you have to know this is an
important fact that only the president
can ask the FBI to do a further
background check in this case and so
he's saying well I mean a voli we could
know these facts this to John's point
well there is one way to know if you
asked the FBI to look into it but if you
don't then yes then I think the rest of
us can do about it and then yeah he does
he didn't want to set a precedent where
the FBI is looking at incredible claims
of sexual assault among his powerful
Republicans because his towing that yeah
and and earlier in the week like hmm
he's showing some degree of restraint
that seems amazing well let's see how
long it lasts but we'd sui said it we
said hey look man you got to call it as
it is
that's restraint he didn't attack her
right and he and he said well you we
just want the facts like somebody gave
him that talking point but he stuck with
it okay it's a really low bar to give
Donald Trump a complicated job
you didn't viciously attack someone who
alleged an attempted rape but of course
he couldn't hold it of course he could
so today why did she do my like the the
part of the tweets that was most
despicable
so questioning whether someone actually
went through an experience being you
know because they didn't have the they
didn't come forward when they were 15
she was scared to death she said that
her parents would find out that she was
drinking at that party and that she got
herself in trouble she's 15 years old at
the time etc so that's all terrible
enough but did you notice the worst part
of it or her loving parents
in other words it's her parents fault
for not coming forward they didn't even
know about it
he's such a bad guy he can't help but
viciously attack people that you know
that are in any way in his way I think
that comment actually went to her
credibility as someone today as well
even though yes he was attacking as well
he was attacking her parents for not
knowing something they didn't know back
then we're not doing something they
couldn't know about to do back then but
I just think it was also super
condescending I mean you know here
here's here's what dr. Ford you know
here is someone who's actually come
quite a long ways in life right and to
kind of infant oh why is that in this
tweet I thought was like an additional
extra trumpian dick knows that there's
small words always look at the details
because actually I was waiting for all
this for this four days as you said he's
been holding it in the only thing of the
trifecta of she took too long to come
forward where was the police involved
all this stuff happening the other part
of this that he forgot to go with which
maybe it happened tomorrow is you see
her face you see her body
why would Judge Kevin I want anything to
do with this girl that's the only thing
left and Trump's normal toolbox is to
talk about how she looks and why that's
not a thing lastly I'm not tweeting else
if this attack was as bad as she says so
that's kind of admitting that there
could have been an attack and it wasn't
that bad yeah it was just some as one of
the supporters from the Judicial Watch
network one of those it was just some
rough horseplay so it was an attack but
just wasn't that bad so she's bringing
this up at all she did was just try to
get in there bands oh this is all that
happens yeah let me just my shade of
difference on that is he's he's saying
either wasn't that bad right
it was just rough horseplay as the
judicial crisis networks first person
said it or it was really if it or she's
making it up because if it was that bad
obviously you'd go report it to the
police and because in his mind remember
one of the things he's charged what he
was accused of is while his pregnant
wife was upstairs in the middle of an
interview he'd cornered a reporter
pressed her against the wall and started
fondling her and you remember from the
Access Hollywood tapes he says he just
grabbed him by the genitalia if you're
powerful there's nothing you could do
about it he views that as not bad right
right he was like hey a stranger in an
alleyway I guess as that's bad and
obviously you would go to the cops with
that everything else you just shut up
about as Prager said Dennis Prager said
earlier in the week Oh people grabbed my
mom's breasts all the time they grabbed
my wife's breasts and they were they
were they were empowered enough to say
knock it out yeah so I want to add just
one more development today to this
because I think it needs to be
acknowledged and he he's gotten into
this many of the other defenders of
Kavanagh have gotten into this there is
no one whose life story and choices and
actions and communication are examined
with more of a fine-tooth comb than
survivors of sexual assault and God help
you if you are not the perfect victim
who acts exactly the way they expect
baits up based on mythology they've
created if you don't you know report it
in the right way at the right time all
of that so they've been saying this
whole time she waited a really long time
it was a really long time ago I just
don't buy it there's no evidence okay
well we are finding more out more now
that we know about this and reporters
can look into it about what was
happening to her and her social group
around that time so the New York Times
talked with an unnamed male friend of
hers that said that after the summer of
the alleged attack Ford then known as
Chrissy Blasi fell off the face of the
earth socially that's a quote then says
all I remember this is the gentleman I
all I remember is after my junior
thinking where is she she was the sort
of person a lot of people paid attention
to she was a leader she was great I was
like where did she go so I don't expect
that that will actually convince anyone
of anything if they'd already believe
that she's a liar but she is acting and
has act through the course of her life
up to and including her fears about what
testifying next week could actually be
like she is acting exactly like the
victim of sexual assault and that
behavior can come in many different
forms the idea that we should be picking
apart her behavior to say and that's not
how I would have acted if I had almost
been raped is utterly absurd utterly
insulting and also leads to more women
not being willing to come forward when
they're attacked in similar ways so last
thing here is Kellyanne Conway was on TV
minutes before the tweet and said
there's no reason the
one attacker haha what are you doing
Kellyanne you should know better than
that by now you know that he's gonna
have you go say that an attack her the
very next minute and in this case it was
literally it was minutes after she said
that on TV
he sent the the tweets yeah and and as
we told you earlier in the in the live
show we will be covering the hearings if
she's going to testify we'll cover all
of them at TYT dot-com slash live and
we'll give our analysis on the spot as
we cover it live so don't miss that and
and it's our wish and as our polls show
it on T YT comm slash poll 80% of you
guys also want her to testify because we
want to get to add the truth okay we got
to take another break here guys when we
come back Rosenstein this one is huge
we'll be right back
