so the mayor of San Juan is making news
for the following shirt that she wore on
a news broadcast here it is nasty now
you may remember that that is in
reference to Donald Trump calling her
nasty via tweet because that's what we
expect from our dignified politicians
this is also what she said on the news
so it's not just the shirt that's making
news it is her speaking out as her bold
it's her bold talk against the president
the administration she says this was a
PR 17-minute meeting she said during an
interview on MSNBC while wearing the
shirt she was describing a meeting the
president had during his trip to Puerto
Rico in which he assembled a roundtable
of national and local officials and
encourage them to praise the federal
response to the crisis on the island she
even went on to say in fact this
terrible and abominable view of him
throwing paper towels and throwing
provisions at people it's really it does
not embody the American spirit and I'm
sure she actually had some harsher words
how some people I saw in the Internet
were saying that her wearing the shirts
and this isn't the first time that she
has worn a shirt that would sort of
embody her position following Hurricane
Maria they say it's maybe petty she does
need to go there I'm healy disagree okay
I really disagree but what do you think
about I think I think how about we take
a little step back and understand who
the real petty person is here right the
the petty person is the individual who
talked about his penis size during the
campaign the petty individuals the one
who attacks anyone anyone who criticizes
him in any way whatsoever he can't take
a tiny tiny amount of criticism Trump
calls kim jeong-hoon Rocketman he calls
him rocket man he's the one who referred
to women as nasty in the first place
that's petty it's so frustrating because
it's it's as if he is completely exempt
from any criticism from any of his
actions but she wears a shirt that says
nasty which i think is hilarious because
Trump has redefined when nasty ends
right yeah it's now a badge of honor for
women because if he thinks you're nasty
it means you get under his skin because
you call him out on his BS and also
there are two sides this too some people
are saying she's petty a lot of people
are celebrating her as well because
she's making the most
of her time on the air if you are in an
airport which is I assume where people
watch news if you're in an airport and
it's on you you can't even watch it then
you can still see that she is wearing
nasty on the shirt then they will bring
to mind these tweets from Donald Trump I
think she's really getting her message
home using a visual medium to the best
of her ability and also using her words
so I think this is great yeah I agree
and I think you know everyone says that
Trump is like a conflict president right
but he he likes conflict but he likes
conflict from afar right he tweets these
things
the real presidential thing to do would
have been to go to this area would have
been to meet one-on-one with her if you
think that she's getting too political
right and you think that she's being
problematic then go have the
conversation wager as in the water where
she's at and go have the conversation
instead of critiquing her from a
distance which i think is just cowardly
and it again obscures the fact that
there is a natural disaster and there
are people in need exactly and when he
did go to Puerto Rico and and he did
meet with officials there think about
his behavior and how he refused to even
acknowledge her that's Neddy so you
wanna have a conversation about petty
that's petty help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm slash join
