the shooter in the Las Vegas shooting
his girlfriend was sent away before the
massacre a lot of as soon as they you
know reported on the shooting and
determined the name of Steven paddock
then they also released released this
name of Mary Lou Dan Lee now her sisters
did an interview in Australia to a local
news channel and they said she was sent
away so that she will not be there to
interfere with what he's planning in
that sense I thanked him for sparing my
sister's life she said adding that Dan
Lee was really in love with Steve also
in that same interview was this one of
the sisters said she didn't even know
that she was going to the Philippines
until Steve said Mary Lou I found you a
cheap ticket to the Philippines I mean
you know what's weird is like my I'm so
interested in all of this yeah like it's
super strange so I have a friend who was
there and she was at the concert and one
of the people in her group was shot and
they ran and they all got separated she
hid in a hangar for out for you know it
I mean it seemed like an hour I guess I
was texting her the whole time and well
and she's not bothered by the situation
I don't know why she's just a badass but
what bothers her is this like no idea
what the motive is and of course and so
I spent yesterday I listened to the
entire police you know scanner channel
for an hour watch video after video just
trying to sort through it so when you
see stuff like this like what are your
reactions to the idea that she was sent
away ahead of time i I I don't I don't
know I don't know what was going on and
you know this is a breaking news story
so I I just got a news alert about it
and I want to read you guys a statement
that Mary Lou Dan Lee prepared through
her lawyer and here's what she had to
say she said I want to talk to them
referring to FBI agents she says she
willingly flew back to the United States
I will call I will cooperate fully with
their investigation anything I can do to
help
he's suffering and help in any way I
will do she also said that Steven
paddock never said anything to me or
took any action that I was aware of that
I understood in any way to be a warning
that something horrible like this was
going to happen she also said that he
bought her a cheap ticket to see her
family in the Philippines a little more
than two weeks ago and then wired her
money she said in a statement prepared
by her attorney so she also said I was
grateful but honestly I was worried the
that first the unexpected trip home and
then the money was a way of breaking up
with me it never occurred to me in any
way whatsoever that he was planning
violence against anyone so again that
was a statement that was released
through her lawyer she is now
cooperating and answering questions to
the FBI or with the FBI and I don't know
if we'll find a motive through that
investigation but that is what she has
said so far what's really been so
frustrating in in the wake of this
tragedy and without any insensitivity
through the victims because at the end
of the day that's really what it's about
these people who lost their lives and
the ones who survived them and the ones
who have been injured but the narrative
around the story is so sickening I'm
exhausted we've heard we heard more
about this woman than we did about this
man this this Asian woman and I mean why
does her last name is this why do we
keep seeing her nobody wants to say this
man is a terrorist nobody wants to say
that this man killed these people
and it's exhausting to someone who's
brown because if we oh no that would
have been a brown man the all we would
have been hearing about was him every
this has been Obama's fault
that lady's fault cause she didn't tell
but nobody wants to say that this white
man just they Pat Robertson blame that
on Colin Kaepernick and the people
kneeling on people disrespecting the
president President of the United States
that another fox person went out and
said that this is what happens when
people kneel so you're gonna tell me
that a white man went and shot 50 people
59 people oh no trouble hundred
white people at a country concert
because colin kaepernick
and black people were nearly we need to
really be honest about this story this
this person whether they had mental
illness or not did something heinous and
evil and there are people that are not
gonna recover from this and we want to
keep the focus on the woman who was gone
for weeks or it's just sickening it's so
sickening let's get down to the real you
know even his brother was like the
implying that there might be some
conspiracy going on this is really weird
my brother would never do this that but
nobody wants to just be real and say
this is some really tough stuff that
someone did and let's focus on that
individual support independent media
come join us the young turks TYT Network
calm /join
