so the House of Representatives has
passed a bill that would ban abortion
after 20 weeks and there is one member
of the House who was by voting for it
made a total hypocrite will tell you
first about the bill the bill according
to the hill would make it a crime to
perform or attempt an abortion after 20
weeks of pregnancy with the possibility
of a fine up to five years in prison or
both the bill allows exceptions in cases
of rape incest or to save the life of a
woman and wouldn't penalize women for
seeking to get abortions after 20 weeks
it would just focus on the physicians
who performed the abortion the idea
being that after 20 weeks the fetus can
feel pain respond to respond to sounds
etc people who are anti-abortion say
that this is just this is you know
reduces the cruelty of late-term
abortions people who are pro-choice say
that this is the reduction of the
availability and safety of legal
abortion in America there is one
representative from Pennsylvania who
voted for the ban his name is Tim Murphy
but the Pittsburgh post-gazette looked
at records from his divorce and found
out about his affair with a woman named
Shannon Edwards and here are the details
from that Murphy admitted to the affair
in September
Edwards APHIS forensic psychologist
exchanged texts with Murphy earlier this
year wherein she implied that the
anti-abortion legislator had personally
encouraged her to have an abortion
during a pregnancy scare
it continues in response to
anti-abortion 2 an anti-abortion post on
the congressman's Facebook page in
January Edwards texted and you have 0
issue posting your pro-life stance when
you had no issue asking me to abort our
unborn child just last week when you
thought it was one of the options it
reminds me of DVR lay another politician
who forced his mistress to have
abortions and it happens time and time
again and I first let me address late
term abortions we're running out of time
but late term abortions don't happen
often and when they do happen it's
because the
mother's life is at risk or the fetus is
so severely you know compromise has the
birth defect
birth defects that's where that's where
I was going the birth defects are so
severe that there's no other choice than
to either miscarry have a stillbirth or
have an abortion and so you know people
on the right make this a big issue but
in reality it's not an issue at all they
just want to slowly but surely chip away
at reproductive rights because their
argument is well we believe in
protecting life well if you really worry
about protecting life you know nearly 60
people just got murdered in Las Vegas do
something about that because those were
lives that were lost because of your
inaction okay but when it comes to the
issue of reproductive rights it's not
about protecting life what it's really
about is either punishing women that you
feel shouldn't be sexually liberated or
controlling women or pandering to your
religious base other than that other
than you trying to look for political
brownie points that's all it really is
and look actions speak louder than words
if you really believe that you know
abortion is killing human lives why are
you asking your mistress have an
abortion they're disgusting hypocrites
they're disgusting hypocrites anyway go
ahead guys yeah I feel the same way I
feel like I was just thinking about that
where were you taking action to ensure
that people's lives continue the people
who are here I think that as a woman
it's it's exhausting that we're
constantly it feels like the fucking
Handmaid's Tale is like coming to life
and we are constantly having to protect
our basic rights like we're still trying
to get paid we're still trying to fight
for our own bodies and it just it when I
hear about these guys he's just one that
got busted he got exposed he is one of
many yeah and if you have one thing I
just suggest people go read it's called
I carry my grief and a visible bump
don't ban abortion for women like me it
was written in response to the the Ohio
of heartbeat bill read it support
independent media come join us the Young
Turks TYT Network
calm /join
