NBC News has spoken to over a dozen
White House officials both former and
current White House officials all of
which were anonymous and found out that
there is a lot of tension between Rex
Tillerson and Donald Trump now Rex
Tillerson of course is the Secretary of
State and there have been numerous
examples of Donald Trump undercutting
Rex Tillerson there have been examples
of Rex Tillerson publicly making
statements that seem to conflict with
Donald Trump and and seems to suggest
that he's not really a fan of the
president but before we remind you of
all those examples let me give you the
latest updates on what is happening
within the White House now Tillerson was
according to NBC news on the verge of
resigning this past summer amid mounting
policy disputes and clashes with the
White House and that's according to
senior administration officials tensions
came to a head around the time President
Donald Trump delivered a politicized
speech to the Boy Scouts of America
apparently Rex Tillerson has had very
close ties with the Boy Scouts he was
once the president of the Boy Scouts and
so he wasn't too happy with the way that
that speech went down Tillerson also had
openly disparaged the president
referring to him as a moron after a July
20th meeting at the Pentagon with
members of Trump's national security
team and cabinet officials now when it
comes to other cabinet members and other
White House officials trying to convince
him to stay there were a number of
people that were listed in this NBC news
piece one of which was Mike Pence the
vice president according to NBC News
pence has since spoken to Tillerson
about being respectful of the president
in meetings and in public urging that
any disagreements be sorted out
privately a White House official said
the official also said the progress has
since been made then you also have John
Kelly and mattes who have done what they
could to convince Tillerson to remain in
the position that he's in mostly for
political reasons there's been so much
chaos and so many people have either
resigned or gotten fired in Trump's
administration that you know Kelly and
mattes realized that Tillerson leaving
would make things even worse and so
according to these White House officials
who spoke to NBC News he was convinced
to stay even though he's been pretty
unhappy now I want to go to a video of
featuring NBC's Stephanie ruhle and it
has to do with Tillerson allegedly
calling Trump a moron because I think
you had a chance to listen in to what
the secretary had to say obvious
pushback here that the State Department
foreshadowed yet a dozen sources are
telling us no there is real tension
between these two pushback but he didn't
deny it and I'll tell you my sword
didn't have the gluten piece right knee
yeah my source didn't just say that he
called him a moron he said an effing
moron and think about put it into
context I mean he's right yeah why is it
so shocking to think that Rex Tillerson
had a moment of clarity I think the fact
that he didn't deny it he probably said
it and man doesn't it make you guys well
what a great working place where your
diplomat is Mike Pence
that's your peacemaker the guy that
thinks there should be electrotherapy on
homosexuals and was too conservative for
the state of Indiana
that's your diplomat that's your piece
other things aborted fetuses need a
proper burial
yeah he's the diplomat that's your guy
that's your voice of reason in between
those two yeah we live in a scary place
when that's the voice of reason and
actually I was making a point earlier
this week that it's actually it's a
little concerning that the former CEO of
Exxon Mobil seems to be one of the only
individuals within this White House that
has moments of clarity especially when
it comes to things like I don't know
nuclear war how about it that's crazy
that's crazy and I could understand
Tillerson being frustrated with someone
like Donald Trump who doesn't really
seem to have any type of consistent
foreign policy who seems to act
erratically and you know based on
emotion at any given moment and you know
we're talking about foreign policy
issues that risk the lives of you know
potentially millions of people and so
Tillerson although I just
with him on a number of things at least
understands the weight of these issues
whereas Donald Trump is like oh it's
4:00 in the morning let me just tweet
nonsense that could put a lot of people
in harm's way
now Tillerson did respond to this NBC
peace which I thought was interesting
and I want you to pay close attention to
what he did admit and what he did not
admit let's go to video number 6 the
vice president has never had to persuade
me to remain the Secretary of State
because I have never considered leaving
this post let me tell you what I've
learned about this president whom I did
not know before taking this office he
loves this country
he puts Americans and America first he's
smart he demands results wherever he
goes and he holds those around him
accountable for whether they've done the
job he's asked them to do accountability
is one of the bedrock values the
President and I share oh he's all about
accountability oh I didn't know that so
the beauty of Trump is how he makes
other wise respected people look
ridiculous so that's Rex Tillerson a
former head of Exxon or whatever that
guy who normally respected and he just
makes him look like a jackass that's
just a joke one lie after another he's
really smart he's really good for people
and he's a patriot and I love him yeah
yeah I don't understand why he feels the
need to backpedal here I mean let Lee
look all you have to be is like look
have you seen Trump do you think he's an
easy guy to work for there's been more
turnover at the White House and add a
third party pyramid scheme and probably
the same integrity as one book it's not
easy being here yeah I think about
leaving daily can you blame me what I
was telling you off air it's funny that
Tillerson his breaking point was the Boy
Scout speech right that's what really
caused all the problem not only the
other stuff it was the Boy Scout speech
that bothered him because why because
now Rex Tillerson
is close with the Boy Scouts used to be
president of the Boy Scouts he's an
Eagle Scout himself so his life involves
the scouts a lot now he's embarrassed so
now it affects him personally so he
understands why Trump such a jackass
because in effect
him personally like a classic Republican
right exactly
let's hear from Tillerson and whether or
not he ever referred to trump as a moron
you address the main headline of this
story that you called the president of
moron and if not where do you think
these reports sir I'm not gonna deal
with petty stuff like that I mean this
is this is what I don't understand about
Washington he did not deny that he
called Trump a moron I believe that he
called Trump a moron he apparently did
so you know pretty openly during that
meeting and what part of what she did
does he understand when the Secretary of
State calls the president of fucking
moron that's gonna get reported in the
press I don't understand that I don't
get it how does that happen but you
don't understand I would what that
there's they have electronic ways of
communicating what is it that he doesn't
understand that's news when the
Secretary of State cause the president a
thing moron exactly and and look I
remember in the summer Tillerson took a
vacation Texas hiatus and that was when
people thought Oh teller says god yeah
he is done and I think that is according
to the reporting that we're seeing here
when pence convinced him to kind of mend
the situation with Trump and look there
were some public displays of tension
that we're gonna get to in just a second
but first a response from Trump on this
NBC piece let's go to graphic 14 he says
the NBC News story has just been totally
refuted by second vice president pence
in his fake news they should issue an
apology to America I love how it any
time he gets his feelings hurt and his
ego bruised he tries to sell it to the
American people as an insult to America
no no it's not an insult to America
NBC News isn't you know in this
particular case doing some sort of
disservice to Americans it's a desert
you feel like it's a disservice to you
because it hurt your feelings but did
Tillerson call you a moron yeah do
most Americans think you're a moron yeah
does the international you know
community consider you a moron yeah okay
get your feelings hurt
you're an idiot so and look the reason
why I believe Tillerson called him a
moron is because he could barely contain
himself during some interviews so let me
give you the first example following the
hate rally that took place in
Charlottesville Virginia and following
Trump's refusal to condemn those who
those on the right the neo-nazis the
white supremacist Tillerson was asked
about Trump's response and he made a
very apparent that he did not agree with
Trump's response he wasn't happy with
Trump's response let's go to video eight
take a look when the president gets into
the kind of controversy he does in the
UN Committee responds the way it does it
seems to say they begin to doubt our
whether we're living those values I
don't believe anyone doubts the American
people's values or the commitment of the
American government or the government's
agencies to advancing those values and
defending those values and and the
president's values the president speaks
for himself Chris are you separating
yourself from that sir
I've spoken I've made my own comments as
to our values as well as speech I gave
to the State Department this past week
so I'm not not separating myself
you could have translated that one the
president speaks for himself and then of
course there's the example from earlier
this week where Rex Tillerson was very
publicly undercut by Donald Trump in
regard to North Korean foreign policy
now Tillerson was attempting to
de-escalate the situation with North
Korea so we don't engage in nuclear war
and Trump didn't like that so he tweeted
about it and said you know Tillerson
needs to stop negotiating with little
Rocketman and Tillerson didn't like that
and he was asked about it during a press
conference
here's his reaction to it
to the situation we're gonna continue to
pursue diplomatic efforts so again Trump
very publicly undercut his own Secretary
of State on Twitter and even after he
did so Tillerson reiterated that he
plans on pursuing a diplomatic approach
to further de-escalate the situation so
we don't have to engage in something
that could be potentially disastrous for
the lives of millions of people again
it's crazy
ExxonMobil CEO former Exxon Mobil CEO is
the reasonable one here if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern everyday and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
