our very own reporter Jordan Chariton
was recently arrested while covering the
protests in st. Louis now there were
mass arrests in st. Louis following a
number of protesters who were blocking
the highway highway 40 to be specific
and also Kings Highway at Kings Highway
to be specific also a police spokeswoman
said that about 143 people were arrested
for blocking traffic and so that was to
be expected
but luckily nothing turned violent you
know none of the protesters were violent
whatsoever what is a cause for concern
is how the media was treated simply for
doing their jobs simply for covering
these protests Jordan Chariton happens
to be one of those reporters and so the
video that you're watching right now is
you know police officials not only
arresting the protesters but later on in
this video you see them first arresting
ty who is the cameraman for Jordan and
then they proceeded to arrest Jordan and
detain him he was detained for 16 hours
now he asked several times over and over
again why am I being arrested why are
they being arrested today were we used
to answer any of the questions the audio
up a little bit so we can watch he's
about to pepper-spray me do not face me
again he said do not face me again so he
just arrested a my camera guy they're
great for what so they're locking up the
media
locking up the media here yes oh they're
arresting it seems alright so you can
watch the rest of Jordans video on
youtube.com slash tyt politics and I
also did an interview with Jordan after
he was released and you can watch the
full interview on youtube.com slash The
Young Turks but I do want to show you
some highlights of that interview so you
kind of get a sense of what happened why
he was arrested they claimed that he was
blocking the road but he was filming and
reporting on what was going on and they
never charged him with anything
so enough of my commentary or my
thoughts I want to go to the first video
where Jordan explains exactly how
everything went down take a look
was there ever any official explanation
for why they arrested you and other
independent journalists all I heard was
you're all going to jail I haven't heard
anything about why we were arrested in
paperwork into jail
I did see trespassing I'm assuming
they're saying trespassing on the
highway I don't really get that since
it's a public highway but you know I
guess the lawyers will figure that out
but we got no paper we got no paperwork
no formal charges and again they did not
tell the protesters at the protest you
know to disperse they didn't tell them
you're being arrested for at Standing
Rock not always but in in many cases
they would tell you this is what you're
being arrested for that didn't happen in
this case and as far as a journalist you
know went I and myself were saying you
know no kind of dumbfound good actually
like where the press they did not care
they just arrested us and this is not
this is not at first they arrested a
reporter from the st. Louis dispatch and
a week ago one of the local papers here
and they've arrested other journalists
here covering the protests over the two
weeks so
either the st. Louis Police Department
doesn't have a copy of the Constitution
or they do and they don't care but no we
were never told why we were being
arrested I mean there is a raging debate
in the country regarding the First
Amendment and the Free Spin and our free
speech rights and it always always has
to do with whiny conservatives who
specifically go to liberal college
campuses and complain because they get
protested and look we support
Manoah arguments made by those
conservatives because they should be
allowed to speak on those college
campuses but where's the mainstream
press when it comes to this issue you
have independent journalists being
arrested simply for doing their jobs
that is a violation of the First
Amendment it is absurd that this
happened and you know Jordan spent 16
hours in a jail for doing his job and
never got formally charged for anything
well first of all yeah I do guys say
kudos to Jordan and I in the way they
handled it I mean I did watch the full
video of the arrest and it seemed like
they both handled it perfectly I mean I
mean Jordan was asking the questions and
he was you know very diplomatic in the
way he handled it
saw him in DC recently were both
phoenix' short enthusiasts so kudos but
um but steve-o made the comment I mean
the police surrounded these people the
analogy steve-o made was it was Game of
Thrones style I kind of surrounded them
in this group and gee it's nice that the
police were nonviolent while stripping
First Amendment rights away from people
but I'd rather they just not strip First
Amendment rights away from people you
know call me an idealist you are
idealist you like it wouldn't we live in
a great society where you know our
lawmakers and those in positions of
power cared as much about our First
Amendment rights as they do about our
Second Amendment right I mean it doesn't
seem like they do right because First
Amendment rights would allow you to
speak truth to power it would allow the
the media to uncover
and reveal the corruption of those in
power the the you know unlawful actions
of those in power it's just it's so
devastating that that not only that this
happened but that it's completely under
the radar no one seems to be paying
attention to it oh yeah and it's not the
first I mean I I like that you brought
up how the corporate media is silent I
mean the corporate media was also silent
at Apple when stuff went down with a Amy
Schlossberg and Amy Goodman they were
completely silent on that they never
talked about it at all
instead they talk about like oh the
White House folks were rude to people in
the briefing room after they turned off
their cameras I mean if you look at what
what Chelsea Manning did Chelsea Manning
did was cheeky she gave stuff to a
newspaper outlet right the same thing
with Snowden they gave it to it these
were people giving trying to help
journalists not just help journalists
these were whistleblowers that were
disclosing what our government was doing
it was illegal that was illegal exactly
and that is the reason why they were met
with you know such force right margov
tortured Chelsea Manning was literally
tortured right so and that was under
Barack Obama's watch so yes we've become
we've now live in a surveillance state
they now got rid of habeas corpus the
government now uses the surveillance
state to tap the phones and read the
emails of journalists right that's why
they want to do this they don't there
it's not to get terrorists they want to
make sure there aren't any journalists
who are getting too close to the
corruption that's inside our government
and that's why they want to have every
email text and phone call that a
journalist makes so that or an activists
so that's what this is about this is
about almost oppression this is Ã¡not not
about protection okay so we live in a
surveillance thing but the thing my
point was it's odd that the media
doesn't scream about this more than this
media does thomas frank said the same
thing happens in academia like there's
people who feel like they've made it
there they're tenured professors and
they don't care what happens to the rest
of the profession and he says it feels
it's the same way in the media I got
mine and I don't care what happens to
the rest of them and it's a where it's
like the well first of all was that the
title of the video I made about this was
called journalism's deathrattle going
unnoticed
by journalists it was demonetised we
heard journalists journalism's feeling
we've heard journalism spilling videos
they demonetized that video where I'd
say all because I said the death rattle
of journalism is going on notice by
journalist that's so weird I thought
they only demonetised videos done by
conservatives and classical liberals ha
ha anyway I'm a classical liberal you
know I mean I'm reading I'm conservative
with the libertarian middle and I'm kind
of a centrist that's what a classic
liberal is we should do a reddit ma ma
on it then and I never talk about it so
I want to go to one more video where
Jordan does address the mainstream
media's silence and also absence at
these protests let's go to video 14 and
there hasn't been any coverage of your
arrest or any journalists being arrested
in the mainstream press at all
whatsoever
which is a little troublesome
considering the fact that there's a huge
debate going on in the country in regard
to the First Amendment it turns out that
whenever there are criticisms toward
those who violate the First Amendment it
has to do with college students who
protest speeches by conservative
individuals but when it comes to actual
journalists covering a protest First
Amendment violations don't seem to be
the concern of any one which should
worry everyone that works in media
including those in the mainstream have
you have you had anyone reached out to
you to ask you questions about your
experience or why it was that you got
arrested literally I'm like 45 minutes
since being released so between my
overbearing Jewish mother calling me and
yelling at me and 16,000 texts no but I
have been told that there hasn't been
any of the you know corporate media
journalists like you would think a CNN's
brian Stelter or some of these people
that cover media I've been told you know
as far as I could see they haven't said
anything which is surprising to me
because like whether your corporate
media independent media Young Turks
write part I mean the bottom line is no
one should be arrested while they're
covering anything unless they are
breaking the law and
in this case you were not breaking the
law you were simply filming what was
going on asking some questions it's just
it's crazy I don't know but if we allow
this to continue and and we allow you
know those in power to stop journalists
actual journalists from uncovering
what's going on in the country we don't
have a democracy you know at real
journalism is such a huge and important
part of a functioning democracy you
don't have a democracy without an
informed and educated electorate and
when I say educated I'm not talking
about college degrees I'm talking about
people who know what's going on in the
country who know the facts about what's
going on who know about the corruption
who know about the brutality and
unfortunately you know this will
continue happening because you're right
Jimmy those who have already made it in
the corporate media they're they're
bringing in the money okay right they're
making money with those million dollar
contracts they're living the good life
they are part of that entire corporate
structure corporate corrupt structure
that we have in the country and it's not
it's not real journalism you know
they'll talk about nonsense 24 hours a
day you know but they won't talk about
things that actually matter to the
American people and when you have real
journalists who do that and we don't
protect them from getting arrested like
this and we don't protect our
constitutional rights that's where we
have a real problem that's when we give
away our democracy help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
