representative Steve Scalise was the
victim of an incredibly tragic shooting
earlier this year when he was practicing
softball with some Republican
representatives and a crazed man showed
up and opened fire attempting to kill
people who were at the scene now Steve
Scalise was shot he was severely injured
and in critical condition but luckily he
seems to be recovering and is expected
to make a full recovery
and so following this mass shooting that
occurred in Las Vegas it would be
interesting to hear what his perspective
is on the issue of gun control has he
changed his mind as he's still an
advocate of loosening restrictions to
guns well let's take a look at the first
video and find out inevitably questions
about the Second Amendment are raised by
what happened in Las Vegas it happens
almost immediately have you your
experience of your own and what you saw
in Las Vegas has it changed how you feel
about any of that
I think it's fortified it because first
of all you've got to recognize that you
know when there is a when there's a
tragedy like this the first thing we
should be thinking about is praying for
the people who were injured and do
whatever we can help them to help law
enforcement we shouldn't first be
thinking of promoting our political
agenda and I think we see too much of
that where people say okay now you have
to have gun control well first of all
look at some of those bills those bills
wouldn't have done anything to stop this
I mean the gunman actually cleared
background checks so to promote some
kind of gun control I think is is is the
wrong way to approach this so he would
have cleared background checks to be
clear but I am not buying the argument
that the only thing we should be doing
right now is praying first of all we
live in a country that is supposed to
value freedom of religion which means
freedom from religion as well so no I
don't want to pray for the victims I
feel terrible for the victims I'd like
to do something to prevent future
victims I think that you know it's
already far too late in our inaction and
even though background checks wouldn't
have impacted or affected
patek in this case the fact that he was
able to legal
purchase an item that made his
semi-automatic weapon essentially an
automatic weapon is a little bit of a
problem high-capacity magazines may be
banning those would have an impact on
mass shootings like this maybe it would
lead to less carnage but you know it's
the most incredible thing about this
video and what Scalise is saying is that
he himself was the victim of a shooting
and he hasn't changed his mind that NRA
money is real sweet if you value it more
than your own life yeah well I like that
his his idea of a smart thing to say in
after a tragedy is hey nobody trying to
think of solutions right now okay that's
basically what he's saying this isn't
the time for solutions to a problem that
keeps happening what we should do is
keep praying we pray every time right
seems like that's not working we're
praying every time there's a shooting
there's still more shootings but you
still want to keep doing that you just
don't want to think of other solutions
this is the weirdest thing to watch
grown-up elected officials almost
bragging that they have no ideas on how
to fix the problem hey you know I love
that law wouldn't be able to fix it so
you know just keep praying we don't I
don't have any ideas on how to fix this
I have no new solutions nothing this is
just gonna keep happening you know if
that was a Muslim they would start
tapping your foot oh wait they already
did tap our phones oh they already do
have every email I said oh they already
do have every text that I said I already
do live in a surveillance state there
already did repeal habeas corpus because
a 3,000 people got killed by terrorists
50 16 years ago but this happens every
day we have a mass shooting and we can't
do anything about it why because
corruption and no one's gonna say that
word corruption they'll say it's cuz of
money they'll say it's cuz agreed but
they and they'll say it's because of
cowardice which it is all those things
but what's really about is the way we
run our government our government is run
on corporate cash which is corrupting a
hundred percent you see it right here
right that's what this is that Steve
Scalise the guy who took a bullet
himself is so corrupted the culture is
so corrupted that he knows if he stands
up and does the right thing his whole
career will be shattered so he'd rather
have one of his bones shattered or
somebody else shoot another part of his
body they get shattered then they ruin
his career that so Steve Scalise is
that's the kind of cretins who now fill
our
government from top to bottom that's
where we're at corruption and Barack
Obama came on after Sandy Hook and he
said here you got to call your senators
you got to call your Congressman
call your politician elected officials
but he would never say cuz they're
corrupted and we know what the problem
is they're corrupted and we got to get
money out of politics that's what we
have to do so I want to jump in quickly
because a lot of times the issue of gun
control is presented as a left versus
right issue right where it appears that
those on the right are never in favor of
any type of gun control legislation
whatsoever but that's actually not true
now Republicans are certainly more
protective of Second Amendment rights
however when it comes to common-sense
gun legislation pew research shows that
the majority of Republicans are actually
in favor of that legislation I want to
give you some examples let's go to
graphic 7a so in April 2017 Pew Research
Center poll found that 76% of
Republicans and Republican leaning
independents believe it is more
important to protect the rights of
Americans to own guns than it is to
control gun access right so that's fair
we knew that already but what about some
gun legislation that makes sense
well pew found that pew fountain this
year that 77% 77% of Republicans favored
background checks for private sales and
at gun shows and 54 favored 54 percent
favored banning assault style weapons
and so these statistics are important
because I think it's actually incredibly
unfair to allow you know lobbying groups
and corrupt organizations like the NRA
paint a picture and generalize about
Republicans when in reality a lot of
Republicans out there are actually you
know pretty reasonable when it comes to
some of this gun legislation but you
know you'll have these Republican
lawmakers who are corrupt who are funded
by either gun manufacturers or the NRA
they'll come out and say no there's no
solution sorry Second Amendment they
want to ban all your guns that's what
they want to do they want to ban all
your guns and you won't be able to
protect yourself you won't be able to
stand up against a tyrannical government
any any type of excuse to you know
contain the current system that we have
in place right now and it's disgusting
let's take a look at one more video and
then when we come back Ron I want to
hear your thoughts okay
frankly what I experienced was when
there was a shooter
we had luckily we had capital police
there with their own guns every single
day in America regular citizens that
just have a passionate belief in the
Second Amendment that have their own
guns use guns every single day to
protect themselves against criminals and
those stories never get told or hardly
ever get told but that's a different
side of the story that I think is
important that a people use guns way
more to defend themselves from criminals
and criminals using guns to hurt people
everyone at that music festival the
22,000 people who were at that Country
Music Festival just took out their guns
and started shooting at the 32nd floor
of Mandalay Bay we would have just taken
out the bad guy you know we would have
defended ourselves I mean come on
anyway well I I don't know he might kind
of have a little bit of a point the
other day I was walking around in my
neighborhood and I saw this nice
gentleman with a gun help with an old
lady across the street he was using the
gun to guide her and I thought where's
the press I want to know I think Steve
Scalise just threw a straw man out there
he must be getting ready for Halloween
and there's this weird stigma where
light light like I know what you were
saying to me guns is the only issue
where when you bring up the solution hey
we need a common-sense weapons policy in
this country we're the only nation that
that's just so out of hand like this and
people are like you're politicizing it
this is the only issue where something
like that happens you never hear
somebody like man we got to do something
about real poverty now's not the time
there's people starving to death like we
have that's the point can you imagine
can you imagine if after the World Trade
Center was attacked online at centers
were attacked on 9/11 if anyone had the
audacity to say wait a minute
no no we can't have any policy we can't
do anything to protect Americans we need
to just stop not politicize this and you
know pray for people let's just pray for
people no the government took action
right away in fact the government took
ridiculously they use that tragedy to
you know as an excuse to take ridiculous
action
in regard to foreign policy and you know
Democrats honestly just sat there and
took it which was disgusting but in this
case you're not allowed to talk about
you know legislation that would prevent
something like this from happening in
the future and when this story first
broke there was this feeling of despair
that I had because I knew the type of
discourse we were about to engage in and
and that just adds insult to injury
right it's such a tragic story so many
innocent people lost their lives that
day and while you're feeling the despair
in regard to the number of people who
lost their lives the number of people
who are injured you just feel worse once
you think about what's about to follow
and sure enough this is exactly what
follows well after Sandy Hook I have no
confidence in any type of common-sense
weapons policy in this country I just
don't especially with this strong hold
that the NRA has which you really don't
hear anyone in the political spectrum
Republican or Democrat because you know
some Democrats get some of that cash too
you really don't hear them bringing that
up that the NRA just just has us by the
gullet and I just you know I mean after
we decided it's okay for this to happen
to children I just I have no confidence
in any common-sense gun control in this
country which is very sad well the
Princeton study which we're all familiar
with here proves that we have no
influence over the kind of legislation
that gets passed who does moneyed
interests so that's why we don't have
any gun legislation in fact the thing
that's even crazier and is that the
Republicans are trying to relax gun
restrictions even now so the last two
they wanted to make it easier of further
silencers yep and there was one other
drug gun thing they wanted to relax make
it easier to buy guns they had this
postponed both of those votes in
Congress because of shootings isn't that
ironic when Steve Scalise got shot the
first time had to throw suppose upon
that vote then and now they had to
postpone another shoot a vote because of
this mass shooting is it shouldn't that
be telling you something hey if we have
to keeps postponing votes to relax gun
laws because of mass shootings maybe
there's a problem with gun laws and we
should increase them instead of
relax them but no that's not gonna
happen again we don't we live in a
banana republic
everybody's corrupted in this goddamn
government because of money in politics
and there's no better example of it than
guns if you liked this video you'll love
the whole TYT Network check it out at
TYT Network comm slash join
