hey Jordan thanks for joining us I
wanted to quickly get your side of the
story your explanation for how
everything transpired right before you
got arrested yeah we were covering
protests the protesters had successfully
blockaded i-64 major highway here then
they got off i-64 and were marching down
a main road right in front of us was I'd
say like 20 to 30 police cars submerging
straight up towards the protesters and
journalists then the police officers
kind of formed in a square what they
call it kettle so that the protesters
really had no exit they closed in on the
protesters from what I could see there
was no like dispersed order like leave
now or you're gonna get arrested which
I've heard in other protests they pretty
much cornered them in kind of in a
perfect square and then they first
started arresting legal observers you
know legal observers they're at protests
to observe police and how they conduct
themselves and right after they arrested
the legal observers they started
arresting myself our cameraman and
editor Ty and about six other
independent journalists when we were
screaming you know press is you know
freedom of the press they they wanted
nothing to do with that they didn't care
and since thighs behind the camera I'll
say for him they very very aggressively
handcuffed I he was screaming in pain
for them to you know go softer they did
not they did not care
definitely treated me softer and kinder
we know I'm white he's black and then
they took me tie the other journalists
along with 160 protesters to the jail so
I want to back up quickly and you know
just confirm with you that the protests
had to do with the same protest that
took place earlier in regard to police
brutality in st. Louis correct yeah so
for two weeks right after the acquittal
of former police officer Jason Stockley
in
eleven officer Stockley and his partner
engaged in a car chase of 24-year old
african-american Anthony Lamar Smith it
started at a Church's Chicken and then
they chased for three miles upon hitting
ante Lamar Smith's vehicle not Stockley
but his his partner got out of the car
went up to ante Lamar Smith's car
presumably felt not in danger he visibly
on camera put his gun away and then you
see on the other side of the camera
stockily come out and shoot Anthony
Lamar Smith six times killing him on the
fifth shot I believe so the test
continued for the you know very
justified reasons that these activists
have and the question I have for you is
in your original video where you're
reporting on these protests and you're
about to get arrested you've repeatedly
asked the police officials why they were
arresting the protesters and you also
asked why they were arresting your
cameramen tie and why they were
arresting you was there ever any
official explanation for why they
arrested you and other independent
journalists all I heard was you're all
going to jail I haven't heard anything
about why we were arrested in paperwork
in the jail I did see trespassing I'm
assuming they're saying trespassing on
the highway I don't really get that
since it's a public highway but you know
I guess the lawyers will figure that out
but we got no paper we got no paperwork
no formal charges and again they did not
tell the protesters at the protests you
know to disperse they didn't tell them
you're being arrested for at Standing
Rock not always but in in many cases
they would tell you this is what you're
being arrested for that didn't happen in
this case and as far as a journalist you
know went I and myself were saying you
know no kind of dumbfound good actually
like we're the press they did not care
they just arrested us and this is not
this is not at first
they arrested a reporter from the st.
Louis Dispatch that a week ago one
the local papers here and they've
arrested other journalists here covering
the protests over the two weeks
so either the st. Louis Police
Department doesn't have a copy the
Constitution or they do and they don't
care but no we were never told why we
were being arrested and not and not you
have not been formally charged which is
fascinating I have another question for
you in regard to the press
not only the way the press was treated
in this regard but the reaction or
rather non reaction from the mainstream
press
were there any journalists covering this
protest from CNN MSNBC any other
mainstream news organization oh not
right now okay as far as I could see
there was myself Thai couple other
independent journalists live streamers
I'm not you know I'm kind of I've only
been here for three days I can't
identify everybody but from what I've
been told there wasn't any definitely
not National Press but not even local
press that's amazing and there hasn't
been any coverage of your arrest or any
journalists being arrested in the
mainstream press at all whatsoever which
is a little troublesome considering the
fact that there's a huge debate going on
in the country in regard to the First
Amendment it turns out that whenever
there are criticisms toward those who
violate the First Amendment it has to do
with college students who protest
speeches by conservative individuals but
when it comes to actual journalists
covering a protest First Amendment
violations don't seem to be the concern
of any one which should worry everyone
that works in media including those in
the mainstream have you have you had
anyone reached out to you to ask you
questions about your experience or why
it was that you got arrested literally
I'm like 45 minutes since being released
so between my overbearing Jewish mother
calling me and yelling at me at 16,000
texts no but I have been told that there
hasn't been any of the you know
corporate media journalists like you
would think a CNN's brian Stelter or
some of these people that cover media
I've been told
you know as far as I could see they
haven't said anything which is
surprising to me because like whether
your corporate media independent media
Young Turks Breitbart I mean the bottom
line is no one should be arrested while
they're covering anything unless they
are breaking the law and in this case
you were not breaking the law you were
simply filming what was going on asking
some questions did you see or witness
any type of illegal or criminal activity
by any of the activists whatsoever no I
did
I saw one activist was this is an open
carry state one activist was carrying
you know and I don't know the exact gun
but definitely like an ar-15 something
like that other than that there was no
like water bottles being thrown at
police
nothing nothing thrown at police in this
case there was no mace or pepper spray
back at the protesters that has been the
case every every other every other day
every several other protests but I saw
no illegal activity I do want to mention
Anna in the jail definitely the
journalism thing isn't concerned I
witnessed medication withhold withheld
from a young man who I don't want to get
into the medications but had severe
panic attack issues depression his
medication was withheld for 16 hours and
he still hasn't gotten his medication I
talked to him on the way out the police
were using homophobic slurs at some of
the protesters racial slurs at some of
the protesters and to one of the young
men who was asking for medication one
officer said don't protest next time
that is unbelievable how long were you
detained 16 hours hours with no
explanation for why you were being
detained nope I you know there was a
phone in the actual lockup room so I
could call you know I called someone
from Young Turks and this and that but I
was that we weren't actually given any
paperwork to leave the jail so I have
not a clue what we were kept for my
assumption frankly like in the context
of the protests the police were very
very very very key keen on the
protesters not getting the highway not
blocking the highway almost as like
turf war and the protesters were
successful in blocking that highway the
protesters and interviews I've had with
them they're very they're very specific
we are nonviolent but we are not
peaceful so we are trying to disrupt
business traffic all those things to
make our point and to peacefully protest
but the police were very very angry that
they were able to get that Highway
basically the protesters out strategize
then so to speak but no I mean no
paperwork no nothing it's a small thing
but like they took my glasses I couldn't
see anything for 16 hours and by the way
I'm talking like I talked to these
people and I'm gonna report on it for
days on end this is just a drop in the
bucket I mean I have heard horror
stories talking to dozens and dozens of
people in this jail cell about the
treatment st. Louis police whether it be
racial treatment basically threatening
them arresting them and literally to to
to a man every single person I talk to
you I mean six out of ten were like oh
yeah
my cousin they shot and killed my
brother they shot and killed so that is
Ferguson Ferguson was in the national
spotlight st. Louis has to be in the
national spotlight as well well this is
an issue that impacts anyone who wants
to do any form of journalism anyone who
wants to cover any type of movement or a
current event in the United States and
so it would be helpful if someone like
brian Stelter
you know refrain from the typical Trump
surrogate circle-jerk and focused on
something that really does violate our
First Amendment rights Jordan thank you
so much for joining us I really
appreciate it
keep doing what you're doing and keep us
updated and thank you to all the powers
that be at TYT for trying to get us out
no problem
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
