hey guys Jordan with the Young Turks and
TYT politics I am fresh out of a st.
Louis Jail
I'm not looking so terrific so excuse me
but you know 16 hours wasn't so terrific
but anyway if you're coming late to this
myself
about 160 others were arrested last
night myself and editor cameraman tommy
tahi fee bailiffs we were covering a
protest it was basically a continuation
of about two weeks of protests here in
st. Louis the protests started after the
acquittal of former police officer Jason
Stockley Jason Stockley in 2011 shot and
killed 24 year old Anthony Lamar Smith
he was an african-american the sequence
of events was Jason Stockley and his
partner essentially chased Anthony Lamar
Smith from a Church's Chicken parking
lot I was about 3 miles the chase when
they collided into an T Lamar Smith mr.
Stockley shot him six times killed him
during that Chase mr. Stockley the
former police officer was caught on
audio saying I'm gonna kill this
motherfucker you watch let me repeat
that I'm gonna kill this motherfucker
you watch he then shot him he died and
then astoundingly the officer was
allowed to basically go in Aunty Lamar
Smith car and essentially I mean I think
plant the gun
the officer was acquitted two weeks ago
he was found not guilty it was the
judges last case of his career so after
Michael Brown years ago there have been
many other african-americans murdered by
police here in the st. Louis area
outside of police brutality this area
definitely has a history of
I mean it's not a history its present
racism economic and economic and
physical violence against African
Americans this is a Dixiecrat state and
the history which I have learned over
the last 16 hours in this jail it's
pretty pretty alarming and frankly oh
you only have to be here in the st.
Louis area I'd say for 15 minutes to
know that African Americans are not even
second-class citizens they are treated
as the as the you know the scum
underneath your shoe I'm talking to a
lot of these African Americans in the
jail cell
we had about 36 people in our jail cell
that's only supposed to have 31 talking
to these people I thought it's just
horrifying hearing these stories one
after the other after the other of
harassment bile bile phrases coming at
them from the police
basically I talked to several who
whether it's your cousin's
their brothers their sisters their
fathers have been murdered by police
here in st. Louis and no accountability
not at all so we know what happened in
Ferguson years 2014 we know what
happened there and they were supposed to
be you know a conversation about race
supposed to be you know let's improve
community policing well if the problem
is not only in Ferguson and the problem
by the way is not only police
brutality's the problem is economic
brutality poverty here is astounding and
what I was originally coming here to
cover to tell you the truth was the fact
that minimum wage was rolled back they
had an increased minimum wage to $10
which is not enough as it is but they
had increased it to $10 and the
Republican governor the Republican
legislature rolled it back so as the
days go on I will be reporting more on
this you can see the videos I did before
the arrest they're up on qyt politics
that's youtube.com slash tyt politics
but let me explain what happened last
night I think it's very troubling not
only
because journalists are supposed to be
under the First Amendment
but unfortunately it's not only about me
and a journalist getting arrested by my
count there were seven other journalists
that got arrested it's what's going on
with these protests the brutality
happening towards the protesters and no
accountability and frankly the corporate
media is not doing his job so I got here
with Ty a few days ago again we were
going to cover many things from minimum
wage being rolled back there is a also a
very very dangerous nuclear-waste site
that is very very close to an
underground chemical fire that shocker
the EPA is not doing anything about so
I've done stuff on that but like I said
there's these protests going on for two
weeks protesters like in Standing Rock
and Ferguson and Baltimore tear gas mace
pepper spray people being bruit act by
police with their shields just last
night I saw I think somebody in his 60s
not not resisting arrest not resisting
arrest slammed by a police myself so I
and other journalists we're told there's
going to be a protest tonight
meaning last night so we go down to a
location then that location moves before
you know it we end up on the highway to
be clear I mean I nor the other
journalists were part of organizing the
protests all we did was receive a
message hey this is where a protest is
going to be no different than a Facebook
page having an address which it did or
anything else so literally just
responding as journalists there's going
to be a protest okay
the protest moves to the highway the
protesters as far as I could see they
weren't armed I saw one person with an
assault rifle but other than that not on
they successfully blockaded it was i-64
i-64 which is a major highway here so
they successfully blockade the highway
i'lli'll talk to protesters but
assumption is they want to disrupt
traffic I have spoken with people here
there
intent is to be nonviolent but they are
not trying to be peaceful they have said
to me there is a difference between
non-violence and being peaceful they are
not trying to be pleasant and just ask
the police hey please stop killing us
yeah that doesn't work so they are
trying to disrupt traffic they are
trying to disrupt business they're
trying to hit st. Louis and the
politicians and the business owners
where it hurts which is the wallet so
they successfully blocked the highway
and they marched I'd say probably a mile
and a half two miles then police started
swarming in on the highway so they got
off the highway they exited off an exit
ramp and myself and the other
journalists followed them we were live
on Facebook we were live on YouTube and
we were covering it so we are now on a
main road and all of a sudden you see I
it by my count
at least 40 50 police cars swarming in
and you see police like in Standing Rock
and Ferguson and Baltimore militarized
gear lined up I'd say probably to 200 to
300 police officers and what they did
was they formed a quasi like a kettle
you know to basically enclose the
protesters from the front both sides to
the back there was no exit for the
protesters I was there I did not hear
the police once say leave now leave now
even if I did hear that it's a little
difficult you'd have to be Rambo to
leave if there's no exit to leave so
essentially the protesters were
entrapped and could not leave now you
know if you want to argue well they were
blocking traffic and this and that they
deserve to be arrested you can make that
argument that's fine but the point is
for police it's typical that you would
give a dispersal warning disperse or
risk arrest that did not happen more
importantly they've done this now two
other times where they again are forming
a kettle this is a tactic so that there
can be no way protesters can disperse
because the goal of the police in this
instance was to arrest as many
protesters as possible from talking to
protest
as I said I had about 36 in my jail cell
the jail cell is only supposed to have
31 talking to them
the main issue that enraged police so
much is that the protests are
successfully hijacked the highway the
police don't like being embarrassed then
it is kind of embarrassing to get the
highway I checked my partner in legal
journalism Tommee Tippee bailiffs over
there
so bottom line the protesters blocked
the highway then blocked the road there
were no guns there were no water bottles
being thrown at police there was no
violence towards police the police did
not give any dispersal at all notice and
again even if they did there was no way
to disperse and one of the leader one of
the leaders of the protest State Senator
Bruce Franks was saying where would you
like us to go where would you like us to
go I personally with my own eyes saw
legal observers were the first to be
arrested if you know anything about
protests legal observers are there and
not supposed to be arrested because they
are there to observe what the police are
doing so right there you have an illegal
action the legal observers off limits
not supposed to touch it in Standing
Rock in Ferguson and Baltimore
wherever there have been protests
a truck showing solidarity you're not
supposed to arrest legal observers then
they started arresting journalists there
were myself Ty and about six others yes
so about eight eight altogether myself
ty other independent journalists people
have been live-streaming STL today I
believe it was their Rebbe STL News and
revolutionary easy revolutionaries is
another independent journalist who has
been here on the ground for the last few
weeks so ty and I were saying well what
are you doing or the media not because
we're arrogant but like you're supposed
to be able to cover protests again we
were not involved in organizing the
protests we were not involved in the
protest we were there to cover it
because like legal observers part of the
media's role is to show you what the
police are doing not only show you what
I thought was a very beautiful protest
but to show you what the police are
doing are they following the law are
they brutalizing are they protecting the
citizens so we were arrested I'd say
within I don't know ten minutes of ten
minutes of the standoff on that main
road not the highway we tie-tie actually
was cuffed pretty hard contrary to me
who I wasn't cuff hard at all if you
notice one difference between us besides
besides that I'm better besides that I'm
better-looking he's black and I'm white
so he was cuffed very hard I was treated
like he he had a huge bruise he's saying
so basically we get to the jail there
was 160 people that they corralled here
protesters journalists legal observers
all that it was very clear from the
beginning they wanted to keep us there
as long as humanly possible like I said
they were not happy that the protesters
were able to get that highway I think
it's embarrassing for the police that
you can't even control your highway and
they were pissed off shall we say I in
addition to the dozens of conversations
I had with protesters in the jail cell
would be white black straight gay trans
I spoke with many people and there's a
lot of our stories about the st. Louis
Police Department that you will be
hearing over the next few days as I
walked out I told the police officer I
wouldn't have sent a smile because
you're not gonna like The Young Turks
after the next few days I personally
witnessed
I believe late teens to early 20s young
man begging for his medication not once
not twice three times not four times not
ten times not 20 times at least 50 times
over the course of 16 hours I don't want
to say what medication it's his business
but anxiety medication depression
medication he was on the verge of panic
attacks and frankly it seemed he could
be on the verge of psychosis there are
there are some mental illnesses that if
you miss any dosage it could be a
psychotic break I've had family in that
instance so the police were literally
taunting this young man I heard a police
officer say well maybe don't protest
next time in reaction to him asking for
medication we also heard police taunting
the protesters calling you know hurling
hurling insults at them again
well don't protest next time giggling at
them really kind of just having a good
time
homophobic slurs we heard this is again
from the st. Louis City police it's a
whole convoluted story there's the st.
Louis City the st. Louis County I don't
quite get it yet but this was st. Louis
City police so withholding medication
this young man that I just told you
about they would held medications and I
guess because the young man was getting
a little too loud they put him in
solitary confinement so this is a young
man with your withholding is anxiety
medication you withholding his
depression medication you put him in
solitary confinement like I just said
this young man is basically on the verge
of a potential mental break and you put
him in solitary confinement
then as I walked out of that jail day he
was still there the young man and I
asked him have they given you medication
yet no they did not give him this
medication and I have learned for
talking to dozens this is standard
operating procedure for the st. Louis
Police Department they did not with in
addition to not giving the young man his
medicine and that was just one young man
there were other people asking for
medication that did not get it by my
count there was at least five or six and
I personally spoke to didn't get the
medication talking to talking to other
people in my jail cell you quickly
learns that the so as I was saying they
withhold medication they didn't offer
protesters proximally for thirteen to
fourteen hours a damn thing to drink no
water no nothing and they didn't offer
food till the end to this moment I don't
know what I was arrested for I don't
believe the protesters know what they
were arrested for I believe possibly
trespassing which is a a misdemeanor but
I did not get any paperwork on my way
out I was not told I was formally being
charged with anything so essentially
they just held us for 16 hours I think
if they could hold us longer they would
have but there might have been some
behind-the-scenes negotiations that went
on that got us out quicker again this is
the very Cliff Notes version medication
withholds homophobic slurs racial Thurs
slurs threats
hey maybe don't protest next time and
overall
a continuation of pretty much treating
African Americans and their allies
because there is a lot of white people
that took part in this protest as
second-class citizens and it continues
the history of 21st century segregation
that is still in place here in st. Louis
and I'm gonna report on it over the next
few days and ties you get a report on it
over the next few days but there's a few
things number one I'm not I got arrested
great I'm not gonna make it's not about
me
Ty and I are fine and thank you for
tweeting and all that good stuff but
there's very important there's very
important constitutional ramifications
of this I don't know because I have a
hundred 25 people who texted me and I
have a lot of tweets as far as I could
see CNN the New York Times none of these
places have said a word about
journalists in st. Louis being arrested
for doing journalism which is very
troubling because whether I like CNN or
not if CNN people or reporters or
anchors are getting arrested for
covering the news I would be the first
one on line to defend those reporters
it's not about whether your corporate
media or independent media whether you
make a million whether you make ten
million a year or a lot less there's a
very very thin line between a
dictatorship and authoritarian
governments and democracies and part of
democracy is freedom of the press so we
need to know from the st. Louis Police
Department from the mayor of st. Louis
from the governor of st. Louis and from
the federal government what does the
Constitution protect in terms of
journalism what does the Constitution
protect secondly I think it's very
important to add this is not like a very
rare thing that happened last night
they have been treating people like this
next to me which I'll talk to in a
minute they've been treating people
black white straight gay trans like this
in st. Louis way past the last two weeks
when this acquittal happened and let me
get you in to explain that state senator
bruce franks you were one of the
leaders of this protest we talked in the
jail cell I was just explaining what
happened I want to really get across to
the audience that this is kind of just
just another Tuesday for you guys this
is this is our they say why don't we
work this is our work you know this is
what we're gonna continue to do we are
we are energized we are ready we are
unapologetic and this is what's gonna
happen we don't be consistent at the end
of the day you know they they're
expecting us to chill out they're
expecting this to deter us but they
don't know it's just ignited a whole
nother fire upon us our governor told us
we weren't gonna take the highway our
governor told us we wouldn't they put if
they haven't protected anything since
the verdict they protected our highways
and you know I really want to get across
because what they did last night for my
viewpoint was entrapment can you kind of
talk about the kettle and closing you
guys in I didn't really hear any like
disperse notifications so what's been
happening is they've been farming these
these squares around us basically boxing
us in a few times giving really vague
you know life dispersal orders and then
saying move move move when we got
nowhere to move and yesterday we didn't
get a dispersal order but we had a line
moving that doesn't move and I like I
went to the front and I said a move
where you know do y'all want us to
dispersity I want to lock us up with no
reply and then as they moved in and the
bike cops took that other side they said
well everybody's getting locked up well
if that's the case let's just take to
the streets then we're not gonna sit on
the sidewalk they even for them to block
the sidewalk as they're walking by which
is unconstitutional and illegal and then
basically give everybody the same
charges when everybody wasn't on the
highway and so yeah this is this is what
we've seen this is what we've been
fighting against but we're gonna
continue to fight it and I think you
know I just got here I don't I don't
know as much as you or others seems to
me that this and what you're doing is
about a lot more than just Antony Lamar
Smith that's what kind of spirit is the
latest rounds approach
but it seems to me this is kind of like
that that final straw in the economic
violence and the segregation is it's the
systematic oppression that we've been
going through period
Anthony Lamar Smith was and is the
reason why we we started at the point
where we did because of that verdict and
we will continue to fight for justice
for Anthony Lamar Smith but we will
continue fight for justice for Mike
Brown bind Eric Myers
Isaac Holmes I say unhand me and all of
our other fallen soldiers who we feel
were killed unjustly but like you said
it adds to a whole different as to a
whole different narrative now we're
talking about every single thing that
aids to our oppression and what's
actually killing us in the system and
it's the system as a whole not even just
the police so this is this speaks to all
the powers that be
it speaks to all the politicians that
want to be lazy and not show up and not
say nothing about their constituents in
the districts in which this is happening
we're gonna let them know no more of
that no more the police killing us no
more of ineffective politicians no more
ineffective clergy no more ineffective
community leaders like it has to change
it will change and we don't make sure it
change and that would include senators
Claire McCaskill's
that includes lacy clay that includes
anybody else because it's not about it's
not about you know you being a black
politician that represents a black
neighborhood or a white politician that
represents a black neighborhood
ineffective leadership is ineffective
leadership and we got to start calling
it out no matter what the party is
period because if we keep getting stuck
behind party lines and just accepting
folks because they're just Democrats
what are we doing for the people in the
economically distressed communities that
are disengaged with the process of
political policies you know of their
political empowerment political
education
we're just rubber stamping everything
when they're not even showing that
they're willing to move and fight in the
best interest of poor people or black
folks and I explained to the audience
but I'm sure this isn't your first rodeo
can you kind of talk about just the I I
think
illegal activities going on in these
jails withholding medications harassment
putting salt in
people in solitary confinement for no
reason just last night these things
happened yeah so I think that speaks to
uh I think that speaks to a bigger issue
with our prisons and in general I think
that also speaks to the narrative of
when we have somebody that controls that
that could be controlling right but we
have rogue employees we have road
workers we have to find out how we can
hold them accountable and gotta make
sure that our our directors and so on
and so forth I'm holding accountable one
thing I can say is that our director
here
director glass really sat down with us
as soon as I got out I mean asked me
about what was going on and I explained
to him in depth about some of the things
that were going on in st. the first time
I had to come to him about some stuff
that he actually turned around and fixed
with her right it goes on we just got to
make sure that we have directors like
him to be able to hold these things
accountable when they're bots on and
the show just text said are you ready to
those real quick
Reverend Daryl Gray is a great amazing
leader here in the community he was
arrested for no reason and beaten a
couple days ago he said to me this is
the new Selma do you agree with that I
agree I agree I agree that this is
another this is another part of history
and whether folks like to look at it and
I'm pretty sure when they were marching
in Selma and organizing in Selma and
when they were organizing the Montgomery
boycott in when Martin Luther King gave
his last speech about I've seen a
mountaintop
I'm pretty sure they wasn't looking at
it like well this is history right they
were doing what they felt was right what
they knew was right in this exact same
things you doing and people don't be
able to go back and look at how st.
Louis fought against these injustice is
how st. Louis stood up to these
injustice is from Mike Brown - Anthony
Lamar Smith and everybody in between and
after all right I gotta go I'll be on
The Young Turks now bye-bye
