here's the exciting news about the Young
Turks now look you know we're home
progressives you know that you're gonna
go to tea y-t-dot-com sighs join you
become a member you know that the
activist level members get first dibs on
tickets to our own events now but this
is not one of our own events but we
would like you to show up because I
think you're gonna enjoy it this year at
pol√≠tica I will be debating Tucker
Carlson Dam so that happened they got a
photo of him making a different facial
expression so you you're gonna go to in
order to get tickets
it's Sunday October 21st obviously as
you can see in that graphic the whole
Commission is the 20th and 21st ana
kasparian will also be there
Hasan piker is also in debate charlie
Kirk again so a lot of the young turks
crew will be there throughout go to
politic on.com and then enter the promo
code tyt where the people who use that
code we will be communicating with you
guys about what we're gonna do that
weekend I'm gonna say anything I'm just
saying okay so that ought to be exciting
so make sure you enter the code tyt
jankura versus tucker carlson it ought
to be interesting you don't want to miss
it but it said in conversation
we are just that's all we're doing Sadie
good eggs you're gonna exchange the
ideas thoughts and ideas yeah the gloves
are off and I believe the holes have not
been barred they have not been barred so
no holds barred we'll see how that goes
I will be questioning some of things he
has said I'm sure he will do likewise so
it'll be an interesting conversation
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
