they're on the front lines here they
backed up and look like they're waiting
for more police the time identical come
back inside they're chanting it is our
duty to fight for our freedom it is our
duty to fight for our freedom
leave the area that is lieutenant Boyer
bo yhe our arrest you right now so
you're telling them to leave the area
but where are you telling them to go
right
so that basically so that's a league
that's a legal observer that they're
arresting that they're arresting a legal
observer there's a thing called freedom
of the press I believe they don't seem
to care about that here they are
arresting threatening to arrest the
press here and they're about to pepper
spray
why is he under arrest for what excuse
me why is he under arrest officer why is
he an arrest spray me do not face me
again he said do not face me again
so he just arrested my camera guy
they're great
for for what okay so they're locking up
the media locking up the media here so
they're yeah so they're arresting it
seems journalists who covered peaceful
demonstration they I thought there was a
freedom of the press in the First
Amendment but I guess not in st. Louis
