Donald Trump's down in Puerto Rico he
did a huge press conference patting
himself on the back we've been wonderful
we've been fantastic before he left he
said we got an a-plus in Houston in
Florida I don't know who gave him that
a-plus the same thing in Puerto Rico and
he made politicians go around the table
and pat him on the back well he wasn't
done having fun here he's supposed to
give out supplies to the people of
Puerto Rico remember when he went down
to Houston and instead of putting it in
the pickup truck he and it's a supplies
through the the driver window they
didn't know what to do with him couldn't
drive off
well the goofballs had it again because
he thinks well 16 people died 95% of the
island doesn't have any power people
can't reach their loved ones they don't
know if they're dead or alive let's have
fun instead so watch the beginning which
is unbelievable as he's like a he thinks
he's at a basketball game
hey everybody gets a t-shirt or you know
he's a reality show host it would kind
of remind me a little bit of everybody
gets a car or when Tyra didn't everybody
gets Vaseline and then listen to what he
says at the end watch
thank God he didn't throw those you put
it past them don't put a pastor okay so
now here comes
you're supposed to be helping victims of
a hurricane but he has no sense of self
he has no sense of conscience so he's
like it's a lot of love for me here
right
hey threw paper towels at people people
loved it this one was a three-pointer
there's a lot of love in this room is
that one of those guns the blasters that
blast the t-shirts into the crowd
he's a reality show host he's a circus
clown that he can't help himself that's
who he is we elected a clown so we
shouldn't be surprised that he brought
us a three-ring circus watch the young
turks commercial free downloaded or
stream it watch it any way you like at
TYT Network calm /join
