so Wolfpack is doing a donation drive
now and what I'm about to tell you is
that we got something fun coming up and
it's when we're going on the offense so
enough mr. nice guy
let's go take some people out so
politics is about carrots and sticks so
we do plenty of carrots we help people
who want to get money out of politics we
help legislators who want to get money
out of politics and if you don't want to
get money out of politics well it's okay
we can raise money too and we could
spend it against you and when we did
that in Connecticut boy they cried and
cried but if thought fair that you're
spending money great I got a deal but
for you get money out of politics and
we're done with it so the the drive is
wolf dashpot and pack calm slash wedding
it started because this lovely lovely
couple decided that as part of their
wedding registry they were going to put
wolf pack in to raise money for a cause
and we called it a red red white and
blue wedding and but now for our
political opponents it might just become
a red wedding so either way that's the
URL you go do to help we want to raise a
hundred thousand dollars so we can go
get the bad guys and wouldn't it be fun
look we've eliminated some in the past
yeah I'm gonna tell you an amazing story
about that in a second but I want to
show the volunteers too by the way if
you want to have as part of your wedding
registry or birthday or Bar Mitzvah or
anything else a an ability to donate to
Wolf Pack as well
email met together at wolf dash pack.com
okay so now I'm going to show you some
of the volunteers from Wolf Pack and
some of the leaders of Wolf Pack I'm
going to show you two videos the second
one is about victory and that's awesome
the first one is about what they're up
to so I want you to get that context
before I tell you what the new campaign
is here let's watch my name is Alison
hearts and I am a national and director
with Wolf Pack pop on those three
guys because the goal of Wolfpack is to
get an amendment to the US Constitution
that will allow us to have free and fair
elections it's not the only issue but
it's the first issue and that's many in
politics all of Wolfpack is to get a
representative democracy back in this
country the corruption issue affects
every other issue you name it you can go
down the list education the environment
the military the economy people at the
top they're making the most money are
the ones that are dictating all the
rules that is the antithesis of a
democracy Wolfpack has the most
intelligent plausible way to get money
out of politics we have the logical plan
so we're trying to do is to use the
power that our forefathers gave us in
the US Constitution through article 5
article 5 is a specific procedure set up
in the Constitution to propose
amendments to it you have to work
state-by-state
aiming 34 states to make that happen
Vermont California Illinois New Jersey
and Rhode Island we passed in those
states so far one of the hardest parts
of my job is that I have to follow her
right my name is Mike Mineta I am a
national director with Wolfpack we have
decided to move Wolfpack from defense to
offense hmm and tell you about that
offense in a sec so none of those people
have ever worked in politics they're not
politicians they're not lobbyists
they're citizen warriors lobbyists are
mercenaries
we're gonna run roughshod over so before
I tell you about the new plan let me
show you one last thing about how we win
because you know the mainstream media
sometimes not sometimes almost all the
time they're totally oblivious to stuff
like this and they never pay any
attention to it all they do is they keep
score with who has more money and who
doesn't they reward corruption by
talking about oh that guy raised a lot
of money he's a legitimate candidate so
the reality is we've already gotten this
pass in five states hear hear hear from
them 23rd day of February 2015
the day we victoriously passed the
resolution and it really felt like I
just walked into tsunami during its most
powerful wave and got to surf that
current with the people that ended up
changing my life when we passed in
California that was my first win that I
got to personally enjoy it that was
amazing I think I was hooked
officially hooked at that point I was in
Thailand when we passed I was probably
there every single day that week just
standing outside the holding up signs
waiting for legislators two years of
really really hard work condensed into
this one amazing moment of victory
fulfillments a hell of a drug guys it is
man nothing feels better than winning on
a righteous cause so Alison when she
organized the entire state of California
was a teacher in Orange County had never
ever done anything in politics before
eventually we wound up hiring her we
also wind up hiring the guys who won in
Rhode Island and how do we do that we
did that through fundraisers just like
this
look you want to volunteer instead you
want to be one of those guys who are the
leaders fantastic that's even better
wolf dash pack.com do it today do it in
whatever state you're in it's gonna make
a huge difference you know if you can't
volunteer you just want to give whether
it's just a little bit of money now or
ten bucks a month whatever you want wolf
dash pack.com slash wedding so what are
we gonna do next
well like Allison said we got to go on
offense so if we get to one hundred
thousand dollars I'm gonna announce to
you guys who we're gonna target but it's
time to move people out so we've helped
people get elected in places like
Vermont and other states we also in New
Hampshire got this guy named vallencourt
thrown out of office he was a sixth term
incumbent and they thought he's been in
office since the 1990s how are you guys
gonna do that you can't do that that's
impossible
we went door-to-door he tabled our
resolution and didn't allow vote on it
so we were moved from removed him from
office he lost by 93 votes because we
came for the night before the election
he ran into Mike Minetta who you saw
there at a Burger King and he said to
him are you one of the guys that came
for me it's like out of a movie by the
way
a couple elections later to be fair
vallencourt got his seat back and then
unfortunately he passed away recently
you know what was one of the last things
he voted on he voted to make sure that
our resolution got a vote politics works
and carrots work but soda sticks let's
go on the offense together wolf dash
pack.com slash wedding and if you're in
favor of money in politics and you're in
favor of corruption that might be a red
wedding for you watch the whole video
the volunteers down below there's a link
in the description box and it's in up on
TYT politics and go get involved do it
today if you like this clip of the young
turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm / join
