Donald Trump has had some very very
strong statements in regard to other
countries China in particular that help
aid North Korea in any way any country
that does business with them or trade
with them Donald Trump said that there
would be consequences for now I'm
curious to see what Trump's reaction
will be to the fact that Russia is now
supplying the dictatorial regime in
North Korea with Internet now just to
give you some details on this it has now
been reported that Russian state-owned
company trans telecom has provided a new
internet connection to Kim Jong Un's
regime previously North Korean internet
was funneled through one sole link
provided by Chinese telecommunications
firm China Unicom but trans telecom said
in a brief statement to CNN that it has
telecommunications links with North
Korea under a deal it signed in 2009 now
we're just learning about this now from
cyber security experts and as you can
see the Russian government is confirming
that they are providing Internet to
North Korea they don't want to elaborate
on this any further they're not
elaborating on the terms of this deal
but we do know that now North Korea is
receiving some Internet connection
through a Russian government-owned
telecommunications company so from
Russia's perspective this is actually
very logical let's be fair so they get
two things from this number one now they
have power in North Korea so even if we
convince the Chinese to cut off the
internet for the North Koreans well the
Russians can then step in and provide
the Internet and go now I've got
leverage so I would also like to be
bribed in order to help the rest of the
world contain the madman in North Korea
so if China is gonna get some trade
deals in return for helping with North
Korea I want better trade deals and etc
so number two you think they interfered
in our elections they're going to spy in
on every single thing that's going
through that internet in North Korea so
I don't know how stupid the North Korean
leadership is I don't know
they'll put stuff that's relevant to
their secrets on there but I guarantee
you that Russia will be able to see
whatever's in those pipes so it's a
win-win for them for us not very helpful
because now we have to appease both
China and Russia in order to further
isolate North Korea when they do their
latest insane nuclear test and endanger
the world they fired a missile over
Japan their tank is not that great it
easily could have landed in Japan
they're also doing new nuclear testing
the other thing do nuclear testing
above-ground which hasn't happened in 37
years and they're even threatening to do
testing where they have a nuke on a
missile which they fire over other
places so now as things stood yesterday
as far as we knew we pressure China and
they can get a lose access to the world
which would be devastating to them now
there's another player Russia there
might protect North Korea and Ana I
hadn't thought of it the way you said it
that is such a great point
so look Trump claims that he's gonna be
tough on anyone doing any deals with
North Korea
we're waiting big guy hey look you can
prove yourself to be the tough guy that
you always claim to be but my guess is
when it comes to black NFL players
you'll be tough all day long when it
comes to Puerto Ricans suffering from
the hurricane you'll say that they're
too lazy to take care of themselves
you'll attack any victim you'll attack
any person who doesn't have any degree
of power and sometimes you'll attack
powerful folks too but the one guy you
will never criticize is your boss lot
Amir Putin look he can prove us wrong he
can come out and be like Putin is a baby
what he did the deal we did with a
little rocket man is sad and pathetic go
for it big guy what are you doing you do
it to everyone else and don't tell me
sir diplomacy you don't believe in
diplomacy I mean he was willing to
undercut his own Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson for having you know talks with
North Korea to de-escalate the situation
he was willing to undercut his own
Secretary of State so I'm very
another great point by Anna he's won
undercut his own Secretary's sake
for even talking but now the Russians
have a deal an economic deal with the
North Koreans I've added Haas prove me
wrong he can do it any time but he won't
cuz he's Putin's bitch okay maybe his
bottom bitch I don't know I didn't want
to want to get into the details of that
okay but he cannot criticize Putin Putin
owes him and you will see he will not
criticize Putin for this help us build
an independent media together come join
us
TYT Network comm /join
