Donald Trump has decided that it would
be a great idea to undercut Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson on the issue of
North Korea now just to give you a
little context Donald Trump escalated
his rhetoric with North Korea by
referring to Kim jong-un as Rocket Man
and constantly hinting at the idea of
the United States engaging in nuclear
war now Rex Tillerson happens to be the
mature adult in this case and is trying
to negotiate with North Korea and to
de-escalate the situation so we don't
engage in a situation where a ton of
people could be murdered and killed so
Donald Trump tweeted the following in
regard to this situation
I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful
Secretary of State that he is wasting
his time trying to negotiate with little
Rocketman save your energy Rex will do
what has to be done being nice to rocket
man hasn't worked in 25 years why would
it work now Clinton failed Bush failed
and Obama failed I won't fail now this
is following Rex Tillerson statement in
regard to negotiating with North Korea
and he realizes the severity of the
situation and the weight of the
situation he said that we've made it
clear that we hope to resolve this
through talks I think the most immediate
action that we need to we need is to
calm things down they're a little
overheated right now and I think we need
to calm them down first now Rex
Tillerson was asked about his thoughts
regarding Donald Trump undercutting his
efforts to de-escalate the situation
here's what he had to say
is that at all hopeful to the situation
we're gonna continue to pursue our
diplomatic efforts okay
so think about how ridiculous and
preposterous Donald Trump is and so
people say hey look and rightfully so
we're all over focusing on his tweets
but in a situation like this tweets
matter because they become official US
policy and other governments react
accordingly so as his Secretary of State
who is no friend of progressives Rex
Tillerson ran ExxonMobil I believe he
became Secretary of State just to be
able to lift sanctions on Russia so that
I say I'm Mobil could do a half a
trillion dollar deal with Russia so if
this guy's no angel but he's thrust in
the Secretary of State role and he's
like okay I guess my job is to see if I
can prevent more if possible so he says
I've got a open line of communication
with North Korea now I'm trying to calm
things down and then the moron in chief
comes in and goes hey don't bother okay
so first of all you know you can call
your secretary of state you don't have
to do it publicly you don't have to do
it in a tweet you can say hey Rex you
work for me and you know what let's not
do the diplomacy I won't play to his
base right everything that he does on
Twitter from his transgender ban in the
military to this has to do with
pandering to his base he's doing this in
a very public way for a reason and keep
in mind I mean think about the severity
of this situation and the fact that he
is publicly communicating his stance on
a very sensitive foreign policy issue on
Twitter right I mean he criticized
Hillary Clinton for her use of a private
email server to you know communicate
about classified information we
criticized her for that as well but then
he turns around and he does this where
he is further escalating the situation
with his rhetoric where he is hinting at
nuclear war he is undercutting his own
Secretary of State why do you think he's
doing it again
it's a pander to his base his base looks
at this and they think oh yeah man he
hears like a really big tough guy and
he's really gonna protect us really
he's gonna protect you you think he's a
tough guy he hasn't sat down to really
think about the ramifications of his
actions for a single second and you're
gonna sit there and think he's gonna
protect you by constantly poking at kim
jeong-hoon about nuclear war yeah good
luck with that
so that's a great point I hadn't thought
of it that way the one of the beefs and
the main thing that was said about
Hillary Clinton's emails is oh my god
what if sensitive information becomes
public right she was careless with it
hello Trump just made it public that's
the thing you should talk to your
Secretary of State about hey you know
what don't tell her enemies don't tell
North Korea but we're powering down
diplomacy whoa that has a lot of
ramifications if there is no diplomatic
solution that means the only other
solution is a military one that is
enormous laybourn this is the same guy
who said oh yeah I'm not gonna tell you
my strategy for Isis cuz I wouldn't want
to Telegraph my moves he's a clown he's
a clown okay he is a frickin clown and
he is messing with innocent people's
lives and if you don't care about North
Koreans which is hideous you should care
about the safety of Americans because
Kim jong-un is not a rational actor he
is constantly testing his you know his
nuclear capabilities his missiles
doesn't care about any warnings you
think Donald Trump's warnings deter him
from what he's doing
they haven't deterred anything if
anything is escalating the situation to
the point where Rex Tillerson on the DL
on the down-low has to go and try to do
you know talks with North Korea to
prevent a disastrous situation that
would follow what Donald Trump is is you
know tweeting about it's disgusting and
it's scary and you know we live in a
topsy-turvy world where the former CEO
of Exxon Mobil is the good guy barely
trying to hold things together from King
Joffrey who is lighting the world on
fire
of course since Kim jong-un was
challenged previously you guys might
remember one of the his response to the
Trump was I was surely and definitely
tame the mentally deranged US dotard
with fire so when you say to that
mentally deranged i kim jeong-hoon that
there is no diplomatic solution
don't talk to our Secretary of State cuz
he has no authority and no power and by
the way not just North Korea we just
undercut our Secretary of State
worldwide
don't listen to a word he says because
he doesn't have the authority the
president the president doesn't will not
back anything that our Secretary of
State negotiates so what option is left
with North Korea apparently only the
military one and if you don't know the
particulars of that situation if you go
to a military option with North Korea it
is no exaggeration to say it is likely
that millions will die not just in North
Korea but definitely in South Korea not
only one of our top allies but also one
of the strongest economic powers in the
cut in the world god knows what happens
to Japan let alone us it will spin the
entire world economy into a complete
global meltdown and the millions of
people that could be killed not just
with their nukes but just with their
conventional weapons even Steve Bannon
said there is no military solution when
he thought he was off the record he's
like well look all they can do is launch
their conventional weapons and they
incinerate South Korea yet the idiot
who's in charge doesn't understand that
at all and has now taken away our only
recourse to make it a non-military
situation where those people don't die
god help us all
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
