so I want to give you guys context on
the shooting in Las Vegas today because
whenever there is a shooting as you all
know they say don't politicize it when
there's terrorism they say let's
immediately politicize it and take
action on it
so let's compare the two and see what it
looks like so gun deaths per year in
America is roughly 33,000 okay
so I'm gonna get to how many have died
from terrorism in a second to give you
context but first let me also give you
non-fatal gun injuries that's seventy
eight thousand eight hundred and fifteen
annually on average between 2010 and
2014 this is US government information
that CDC that gave you that information
so combined over a hundred and ten
thousand people injured or killed by
guns every year in America that is
that's a war zone that's what we live in
today
well how about mass shootings in 2016
you had three hundred eighty three mass
shootings only 365 days of the year so
more than one a day 15,000 killed by gun
violence so that does not include the
suicides in the accidents that's
homicides in 2017 273 mass shootings so
far there's been 275 days so almost one
a day 11600 people killed just this year
so far by gun violence that's all
homicides now let's compare it to
terrorism
so between 2001 and 2014 this includes
9/11 there was three thousand and forty
three people killed in domestic acts of
terrorism another 300 or so kill US
citizens killed abroad in acts of
terrorism meanwhile firearm deaths in
that same time period four hundred and
forty thousand 95 so let's do some quick
math on that what that is
a hundred times worse a hundred and
fifty times worse in that ballpark so if
you say we should do something about
terrorism god bless your heart of course
we should do something about terrorism
apparently we should do a hundred times
that on gun violence at America a
hundred times but they say no we have to
do everything about terrorism
politically we have to do nothing about
gone gun violence in America at all okay
so understand how disproportionate is
speaking of this report
take a look at this charge chart this is
mass killings in the world well
interesting stat there there has been
166 mass shootings in the US and and
these other countries combined
okay these developed countries combined
between 2000 and 2014 of the 166 133 of
them are in America unbelievable
well you know according to Bill O'Reilly
that's just the price we pay for freedom
I think it's abundantly clear that you
can you know value freedom protect
freedom and make sure that you protect
your fellow Americans as you do so and
and apparently they don't see it that
way I believe in freedom I don't believe
my neighbors should have a nuclear
weapon that's not part of my definition
of freedom okay so but you see where we
are and by the way if yous wondering why
in Norway so disproportionate on per
capita gun deaths it's because of Brevik
that one terrorists in Norway that shot
all those people and obviously in always
a much smaller country but so if you say
there's nothing we do about gun - that's
not true I just showed you dozens of
countries that have done something about
that gun control and they have a lot
less gun violence they have a lot less
mass shootings both per capita and
overall we are number one in a horrible
category mass shootings 133 out of 166
we're lapping the field unfortunately
over and over and over again the last
thing give you a sense of scope on what
people died from and what are the
serious issues okay so assault by guns
happens unfortunately for one out of
every 358 Americans that is a
fortunately an incredibly high number
accidental gun shots happens with one in
seven thousand nine hundred forty five
times for Americans okay so that's also
way too large now foreign-born
terrorists causing death that's only one
in forty five thousand eight hundred
eight so you're far more likely far far
more likely to accidentally get shot by
a gun and die than to get killed by a
terrorist action okay let alone what is
you know I'm not great at math but what
are almost a thousand times
more than a thousand times more likely
to be killed by a gun than by a
terrorist okay and then if you're
looking at refugee terrorists
it's almost infinitesimally small one in
46 million illegal immigrant terrorists
one in 138 million okay so what's the
real threat is it illegal immigrants is
it refugees who turn into terrorists or
is it guns well there is an actual
statistical answer to that and you just
saw so let me give you more relevant
context here for what people normally
die from like abuse some things you're
not at all surprised by heart disease
there's a lot more people than guns or
terrorism so if we were trying to
prevent deaths we would care a lot about
heart disease diabetes etc and you see
but a couple one a couple of ones I want
to point out falling one that affects
one in out of 133 people in America
that's cause of death okay choking on
food one in 3409 gotta chew your food
man okay and you see all other ones
shark attack etc right so remember
chance of being killed by a foreign war
terrorist one forty five thousand so you
are more than ten times more likely to
die of choking on food and way more
likely to die from falling than you are
from a terrorist attack okay that
doesn't mean we shouldn't do anything
about terrorism that means that when you
have a much larger problem for example
gun violence in America and we just
showed you it's a thousand times larger
problem you should do a lot about that
as well but of course on a day like
today when there's a mass shooting the
worst mass shooting in modern US history
all those politicians bought off by the
NRA
say no all we want you to do is be
silent a moment of silence thoughts and
prayers but don't take any action don't
believe the hype that's the number one
problem in America in terms of violence
support independent media come join us
at the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
