news organization Axios managed to
obtain a leaked memo that was written by
homeland security advisor table Bossard
in regard to the Trump administration's
relief efforts toward Puerto Rico and it
was interesting because of course
Bossert who shouldn't really be
interested in messaging and marketing
for the Trump administration again he's
a homeland security adviser is um you
know drawing out what the publicity
should be like or what the messaging
should be like coming from Trump
officials now here's what he wrote in
his leaked memo the storm caused these
problems meaning Hurricane Maria not our
response to it we have pushed about as
much stuff and people through a tiny
hole in as short a time frame as
possible
I recommend that today and tomorrow we
use the general theme of supporting the
governor and standing with the people of
Puerto Rico to get them food water
shelter and emergency medical care he
also wrote that Monday and Tuesday we
can pivot hopefully to a theme of
stabilizing as we address temporary
housing and sustaining the flow of
commodities and basic government
services including temporary power now
he goes on but it is interesting because
they are trying to draw the narrative
they are trying to make sure that every
official within the Trump administration
is putting out the exact same message
about our efforts are awesome everyone's
happy we're doing exactly what we need
to do but again their messaging
conflicts with what we're hearing from
politicians and people in Puerto Rico
currently so for him to coordinate the
message I don't think is that bad and
the things that ana red are not crazy
they're not anywhere near Trump crazy
there might be fairly normal ways to
coordinate how you get the word out and
what what you're telling people are you
gonna do next which they didn't need to
know but he also talked about doing plan
hits on TV tweets TV bookings and and
other works and so and by hits they
don't necessarily mean a hit job they
might mean just an appearance on
television but then as you notice there
they said let's focus on the governor
praising the governor they then went out
and actually did a hit job on the San
Juan mayor they sent several officials
out
to call her a far left radical that's
because she is criticized but barely
criticized Donald Trump so how dare she
when you have the guy in charge of
helping to make sure that people recover
organizing political response to the
president's enemies including the person
who's there to help that is not at all
helpful help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network aam /join
