you're about to watch a free clip of old
school if you like it wait till you see
the whole episode all the episodes in
their entirety are available for members
become a member by going to TYT calm
/join of course brought to you by your
sponsor shop tea y-t-dot-com yeah oh and
not that but still this shirt has like -
like really significant stains on this
shirt well yeah yeah I thought it was
sweat no don't think these are stains I
don't know if it was like cleaned like
this or I don't know if I just have I
got it very sloppy there I've not I
don't tell you I'm not bathed today oh
that's how it's now I do I can clean up
without showering better than anybody in
the country
oh we had a discussion yeah where you
guys go through your rituals so I did
all that of course I've done it a couple
times today uh-huh but I also walked my
new dog to the ocean and then along the
ocean for a while so I've had like a
four mile walk today Wow yeah it's a lot
of walking with no babe and then I came
back and I put a new shirt on and in
them earlier in the afternoon cuz I ran
an errand and I was like I'm not gonna
walk around in my sweatpants and the
t-shirt that I walked the dog in so put
on a different t-shirt apparently a
filthy dirty one then put some gel on it
ransom an oh oh that reminds me of a
really important story so last yesterday
I was wearing a pretty tight TYT t-shirt
plate and bite I don't mean like lit or
anything like that I mean it was
literally tight I even did it behind the
scenes for our members about how tight
it was and how absurd the back of the
t-shirt was and and I was gonna go to
sleep and normally I keep my t-shirt on
and I was like they know tonight I'm
taking it off I'm putting on a more
comfortable t-shirt like that cuz I'm
crazy like that I still do it I'll still
like I'll sleep in a good t-shirt right
like even when I changed into and I'll
take it off and all dirty clothes will
be there even after our conversation and
I'll still like I'm gonna lay it down of
my closet because this might come back
to me it might know
I knew from downtown but lately since I
have somebody to our t-shirts I'm just
like no I'm going crazy okay yeah and so
so this is now going on like the first
half hour is going on Publix in some
places like YouTube and stuff of old
school we did a hybrid we decided we're
gonna get theirs next Tuesday was that
right
I saw the huh no no that's a mistake
okay because it seemed like oh no no no
my bad it might air next Tuesday on
YouTube TV so sick the most number of
days late yeah that's right okay but
they're gonna be okay cuz they didn't
miss much okay your shirt is gonna have
the same stain six days from now it's
gonna be okay
so no but now since we started putting
it up on the first half-hour on YouTube
become a member get the whole thing to
you I t.com /join we don't really get
going till about 38 later yeah so then I
looked at the comments for a second
they're like I don't get it
what are they gonna talk about real
stuff correct answer
never sometimes by accident but you
can't predict yes yes that's right no we
often do in fact some of my best
predictions have been on old-school here
we go I have the strongest predictions
of the best bets on via the like the
rainfall prediction that you crushed
yeah that's right Ben loves that is my
favorite is because it's the it's the
it's the ultimate jank story it is the
perfect microcosm of your assessment of
you and it's not fully wrong that's
what's great about it right I mean it's
not it but you're like you said that
Rand Paul would win the Republican
nomination
yes that lets mine you at the very very
beginning so Donald Trump is just gone
down there right not not after Rand Paul
dropped out of the race yes well Rand
Paul was still in it but we didn't know
anything there was no polling it was a
yes I'd stand that's I think okay all
right I'm just was implicit in the
prediction like early there were 17
people and you thought Rand Paul would
win and you weren't alone I mean there
were other people but the thing that
makes you you is that I don't know three
months ago you were telling that story
and you basically were like you know no
no I called the election I said that an
outsider would I mean I said Rand Paul
but I said it outside it would win I got
it like your point was I nailed it
and you you sort of think you did kind
of yeah I said I said popular and not a
mainstream Republican like Jeb Bush or
Marco Rubio so you look for an outsider
Republican and you ended up getting one
it was just is just the wrong one you
admit that forty percent of you are
thinking now like what kind of kind of
okay so only see the Democrats are are
great at taking snatching defeat from
the jaws of victory right I like to do
the opposite I like to do the opposite
of whatever the Democratic establishment
does I'm gonna snatch victory out of the
jaws of obvious defeat because Rand Paul
is not president nor was he obviously
close to me top my head 13th no you're
being unfair 11 I think he was all the
way up at ninth or 7th or so let's go
through that's okay Donald Trump is
one-one Ted Cruz's to John Kasich is
three that's clear that's clear as day
right
Marco Rubio yeah and Rubio was forward
yeah and then you got a lose track of
the numbers like you know then at that
point you're just naming people that
were ahead of Rand Paul so Chris
Christie yeah yeah I couldn't guarantee
that my sense is that Chris Christie
finished ahead of Rand Paul but I
wouldn't bet much money oh yeah yeah
right my strongest bit so I mean he but
that's it if you told me Rand Paul
finished 7th 9th or 12th
I would accept all of those answers yes
yeah and then in a sense they're all
correct yes that's right that's it as is
the fact that Jim Gilmore finished
behind him I think Lindsey Graham
finished behind him yeah ya know the
guys who finish at the bottom are all
are equally clear so the guys who
finished at the top so bobby Jindal was
among them remember Bobby Jindal Rick
Santorum yeah he did but he he hung in
there for a while he did terrible but I
just hung around because he was on TV Oh
Ben Carson was probably in the operation
and for Ben Carson was the only
this fun trivia fact not totally
confirmed but good enough because I
followed it really closely it was the
only person to ever have a lead other
than Donald Trump in the entirety of the
primaries mmm ben Carson there was a
time there was like a like a day and a
half window where ben Carson had to leap
right I don't think we mentioned Jeb
Bush but I think Jeb finished ahead of
Rand Paul yeah yeah he must have but but
but not in the big pit in a sense he you
could argue Jeb Bush finished behind
everyone yeah he did way worse that's
right because this expecting from
expectation to performance Bush would
have been allowed by the way Ben Carson
another outsider I'm not saying anything
I mean I'm just walking away I cam
dropping the mic I'm just saying okay
whereas the insiders got crushed but
anyway yes Bobby Jindal kept Ted Cruz
Lindsey Graham Ted Cruz and John Kasich
Cooper yeah Kasich is definitely
establishment Cruz pretends he's not
establishment he is yeah anyways Marco
Rubio finished four so two three and
four but going yeah but but not near the
top okay so anyways so then the comments
continue they're like well I don't get
it they're just talking about shirts and
food and what season is more American
that that I'm not sure that makes sense
all the seasons are apply to all the
countries okay I spent some time in
Italy and that was they had summer it
was summer to talk about it you know
what what are you doing for the summer
they would say what do you do great
Italian accent I think I loved yeah I
know that's like Russian visiting Italy
my accent was the Rand Paul of that
competition it clearly one you know that
can now be a phrase like when you don't
get something right but you think you
did I don't know how often that happens
to anyone else right do you think you
did and you claim that you did like or
or no not you claim you did because that
like when the essence of what you were
saying was right like you got the wrong
word
you know you said verbose when you meant
by to predict and Paul did it was close
enough is correct verb hosted by to
perative are not anywhere near anyways
so but you know what wound up happening
in the comment section a little bit and
then we'll stop talking about that
people came around like oh wait a minute
now summer is definitely more American
fall so I'm sure they're right about
that but they are right the winter is
not that American not nearly as American
as spring and we're off to the races
welcome to old school somebody pointed
out that it was like on Twitter it was
like been most of spring praying
most of spring training takes place in
winter okay it's got spring the title
but he got you again yeah and you would
claim that it's mainly in the spring is
a Rand Paul Ian's argument yeah that
it's that its essence it's well it's
spring training day we did it that's the
Rand Paul argument I understand he's not
president Rand Paul Hill spring trainer
do well but it's not in the spring most
of it is in the winter
another white drop I'm not saying
anything anyway so my wife about shirts
she was gonna weigh in on them shoot I
forgot what I was gonna say about that
okay I but I assure you that it was
irrelevant move forward okay so I have a
bunch of things saved up that I wrote
down and so I never get to them so I
want to get to one of them today because
a friend of mine had a genius idea and I
wonder if you think it's also genius so
it was a state it's a state that their
thing you're moving to oh I mean yeah
now they're not like looking to name a
51st state no no and then they're not in
this state of anxiety it's just one of
the 50 states were the United States
okay and and at first I'm like you're
gonna move
there what then I was like wait a minute
this might actually be genius I'm gonna
III want to instantly start naming
states that it isn't oh yeah okay why me
you could name a lot of census yeah I
just want the top of my head here's what
came up
India India no it is not India Tennessee
New Hampshire no no I moved to any of
those either Tennessee New Hampshire
that I'm moving there and I'm moving to
Delaware remember I was like that's
crazy right and then wait a minute that
might actually be genius right so
Indiana Tennessee New Hampshire Delaware
just crazy yeah or no no Nationals fun
like I wouldn't say Nashville Tennessee
is even crazy and Delaware I mean if you
were to live on the Delaware sure it's
okay but I wouldn't say it's genius
nobody living in Delaware is genius and
with all due respect to the or who's
your audience you don't move to India
now Indiana is like if you saw why
wouldn't there's one of the first times
I ever got paid to speak anywhere and I
went to Notre Dame and God was lovely
and it was lovely they had a chocolate
Hall of Fame or means no museum a child
they had a college Hall of Fame next to
a chocolate Museum and I'm like look we
call this America okay so god bless
Indiana but no it's not genius to move
to Indiana yeah I'm gonna go out on a
limb and say because I don't think you
would react as in that's crazy and then
it's good I'm gonna get rid of the
Pacific Northwest I'm gonna throw out
Washington Oregon mmm yeah well yeah
poor in Portland right yeah iced Oregon
right yes because it wouldn't be crazy
at all Portland's a genius place to move
but it's immediately genius it is not at
all a surprise
now I'm also throwing out Arizona I
think for obvious reasons I am for
obviously I am NOT predicting that it's
New Mexico but I am NOT throwing a
Mexico after Maryland obviously is out
I'm from Maryland crazy it's it's also
not interesting
is it moving to the outside of DC or
maybe Baltimore yeah it's not it's not
it can I get an agreement so I'm gonna
tell you right now that is not Rhode
Island but can I get an agreement that
Rhode Island is more interesting than
Delaware oh well Rhode Island's
definitely more interesting way more
interesting right
yeah why because if there's a relatively
similar size or islands even smaller but
it feels like more islands got character
it's got corruption it's you know it's
got roland has like mobbed up and
corruption and political corruption
sometimes they cross Delaware I'm sure
has corruption but just because
companies that aren't even there
incorporate their yeah it's not an
interesting that's right Delaware is
like boring corporate corruption yeah
whereas Rhode Island it has a guy I'm
not saying he's got an Italian last name
okay and I'm not saying there's eight of
them that were in there you know some
sort of legislature who had a deal with
a construction company but that almost
certainly happened let's draw some other
states it's not Virginia for the same
reason it's not Maryland although it
could be Charlottesville but it isn't
I'm gonna throw out Florida because I
don't think you'd react that way anyway
and then I was thinking like South
Carolina Georgia Alabama Mississippi I
think we can throw out most of the South
and we're not ripping on the south I'm
just doesn't fit this description no no
I've had a lovely time in Biloxi
Mississippi and that Mobile Alabama
wonderful Museum there too on civil
rights but notice that I I didn't throw
out North Carolina with South Carolina
there so I'm gonna hold North Carolina
with room and then New Mexico category
okay so we should before we go through
all yeah 50 that's what I was trying to
get regional yeah so Trent like give me
your best three guesses
alright and I understand that if you had
more time you'd have much better yes its
continental 48 ok fair yeah so Alaska in
Hawaii around as they should be for this
game Craig are you going to guess one as
well okay this is fun okay it's it's
hard it's not easy so that's a clue we
talked about Montana earlier was that on
the air or before the show start so
before the show we started cuz I say
hold up your coffee mug this is not a
shop TYT dot-com thing but I said it'd
been said that's the kind of coffee mug
you drink from in Montana at 7:40 in the
morning when it's not freezing
but quite brisk yes and I said that's a
hateful eight mug and and Ben and I
since we understand each other instantly
recognize that that is correct that is a
handling hopefully like if you can't see
that that's a hateful egg mug there's
something a little bit wrong with you
you don't like movies or coffee plus I
might have just said hateful egg so it's
very hard obviously sir it's obviously
but it's not Montana and because it's
not Montana it's also not Wyoming
because my dad is more interesting than
Wyoming for reasons that I couldn't
possibly explain and it's not a Dakota
so I'm left with like New Mexico North
Carolina I'm oddly left with Michigan
hmm which is interesting
hmm I'm gonna eliminate no no that's
okay no no you give me top three is that
you're tougher I guess okay fine I'll
stay with those it isn't I feel like
I've forgotten a whole swath of the
country
oh of course you're all right I'm sorry
no and I okay here's the deal I have I
have five I'm putting in I'm putting in
two others from the West and I'm trying
to think if I've left out something in
the Midwest I took Michigan that's my
sort of Midwestern admissions your
Safety's Michigan Michigan is my safety
all right so North Carolina and New
Mexico Michigan Colorado and Utah okay
Craig what do you got greggers Texas
he's just gone with Texas I I consider
Texas I haven't mentioned them they've
entered my thoughts many times but I
decided not to not to go with Texas
again because I don't think it would
generate the the initial that's crazy
and then maybe that's good it's too big
you'd have to know where and so my
friends lives at Colorado which is tiny
yeah but okay so that that's a good
transition there's my friends live in
Chicago and they are outdoorsy folks and
and they love camping and hiking and
hunting and fishing and and in all those
things and so they were thinking moving
in Colorado and I was like oh that makes
a ton of sense Colorado is the logical
place to go that's but the reason why
it's not the
guess is because Colorado's and
obviously no one for saying good place
thing I wouldn't say that's crazy
yeah well if you're going to Colorado
nobody's like whoa what are you doing
what are you not sure if you're an
outdoorsy person you've got a we're in
Colorado yeah and and but the problem
with Colorado they had is that it's
really expensive very expensive it
Denver and outside of Denver etc so then
they had a second idea either as I get
it it's Utah no but it's it's the hidden
state doesn't the state no one thinks of
okay Craig's writing down a second
option here real quick and then once we
started talking about it I was like wow
how come no one is doing that okay last
chance Craig you just say you know
that's for it
how did he know it sido loci see our
stage managers are geniuses okay so I
know how I was like I know what's wrong
with you like that's crazy dark right
who the hell goes on I know what the
hell's at i/o right and then they're
like no it's actually right next to
Colorado it has the same outdoorsy
things it has the fishing the hunting
the camping the hiking and cetera Boise
is a town that is a real town and has
you know industry and businesses movie
theaters restaurants but is really
inexpensive and I was like wait a minute
Idaho why is why are people flocking to
Idaho and I am a theory on that because
it's a very poor name it's not a great
no I don't and neither is Boise
yeah it is they they got a name problem
and they have a marketing problem Boise
Idaho is the worst name of the city and
of the state of the biggest city in a
state of any of the 50 obviously we're
not even having that this guy should so
and I was like yeah if you want Colorado
but you don't want it to be expensive so
you still want a city you got a Boise
you go to Boise my grandfather lived in
Boise really that is awfully sure
for a Jew the other one Oh for a Mormon
perfect we know the number of Jews in
Boise approximately negative 3
yeah they're in a lot of that's probably
not what there's a synagogue in Boise
probably probably I I knew an Indian Jew
so anything is possible I'd like to go
to Boise I'm very eager to to travel to
the that part I what do we call that the
plains no that's see nobody knows
Idaho's the lost state that's why I'd
like you're gonna you should get there
now that I know you're panicked the
Mountain West I guess it still is the
mountain yes you like get there as
quickly as you can because after this
whole school segments this price is
gonna skyrocket okay everybody thinking
like why didn't I think of I know you
know why cuz you forgot it in addition
to you you forgot it in your dition to
your friends not being Jewish I'm gonna
I'm gonna wager they also aren't black
no no they're not
yeah but they are but the wife is
Chinese okay and then they'll and then a
husband is white so and any in itíd the
reason the second reason why or the
eighth reason why i toes slight geniuses
it actually is the same climate as
colorado so it's not like the Dakotas
where it's nothing but brutally cold I
don't think that's true it has to be
it's north of it it has to be colder
well from what they explained to me is
it it's like Colorado little
justification they're a little colder
gotta be it's it's Idaho it sounds cold
doesn't it but but they said it's
actually not they say this it's very
similar to Colorado if it has the same
whether it's Colorado it's
congratulations people of Boise your
market value of your house is just
doubled because people just realize that
they discovered it it's over there's a
run on Idaho okay
black population Idaho I haven't looked
at it I'm gonna set the number at one
point two percent oh I was gonna set it
higher so I theoretically should go
higher one point two is incredibly low I
would have sent it send it a two point
one so I'm I'm gonna go I'm gonna be I'm
also the wall here
I'm gonna hire lower point six Wow yeah
Wow there are no black people and I know
well then there is a point six of one
point six million
I think that's sixteen one point six any
by the way is like three blocks in LA
that's right yeah so what is that that's
all five percent so 160,000 is a ten
percent so sixteen so like eight eight
eight or nine thousand black people I
know okay well when you put it that way
seems like wow there's nine thousand
black people in Idaho Jewish population
of Idaho that I believe that that is so
infinitely small but no one has bothered
to keep records of okay I'm gonna set it
at point two percent point to know but I
don't know if we'll get the number I
don't I think it's so low we will not
get the number that's my prediction
Jewish population in the United States
by state thank you that's lovely
and we now know how many people there
are in Idaho
so in where this by year here in Haiti
in 1899 there were two thousand two
thousand Jews in 1899 there were two
thousand Jews and I know which really
yeah I mean the thing I'm more amazed by
is this someone bothered to write that
definitely hold on hold on I'm counting
juice okay well that's nicely not a good
thing okay Wow somebody took a census of
that so somehow this is a great table
that has Jewish population by state in
1899 and 2017 only two after the
original one they're like what do we do
that for Wow that is incredibly strange
okay all right now no this is good in to
2017 is the number higher or lower than
2000 it's a good right because it would
be weird if they went backwards it would
be weird
yeah it's got to be higher it's got I'm
going higher Alex I'm going higher it
increased according to this the Jewish
virtual library org it increased by 125
people
2125 an increase of to get to our number
point two percent oh wow
so 2125 so 1.6 million hundred and sixty
million sixteen sixty hundred sixty
thousand sixteen thousand is one percent
so this is an eighth this is it mean
it's a it's lower than point two
yeah point one four two five is Jewish
so okay well look if you want diversity
that could be another issue about Idaho
but but but it does seem like a bit of
it 1899 there were only five hundred
more Jews in Florida than Idaho what I
see that's an interesting one five
hundred Jews in Florida in 1899 that
number has increased significantly so so
I think I guess what maybe my I know
find is not as genius as I thought
because Jews went to Idaho decided no
they went to Florida they're like oh
yeah still tough I'm staying what state
there's a lot Jewish population question
probably California Florida New York
where the most choose oh well so
California is the most populous state so
that gives it a leg up in that sense you
think of Jews in New York obviously
because of Brooklyn New York etc the
mythology and and the reality and then
moving down to Florida I'm gonna
eliminate Florida it is it's gonna come
in third Florida is third yes it both
has a smaller population and them Jews
now moving down two floors kind of a
1980s thing it's a little overhyped at
this point they are third in the country
and the numbers still okay solidly but
solid third the places where I've lived
New York Florida California so in my in
my America Jews are about 25% of the
population in reality it's of course run
- - and our percent great camp great
side game watch this with Craig Craig
quickly more Jews in Georgia or Arizona
Georgia 128 - 106 the 128 thousand one
hundred six thousand Georgia Atlanta
Georgia is Atlanta in it so it's I think
because of the big city like that more
likely
Phoenix is certainly as large or larger
than Atlanta you think so yeah no don't
worry about it I'm right but I think
Phoenix is bigger than Atlanta you know
Craig you should Rand Paul it and claim
that it's actually Arizona because if
your logic was better than mine it's
just I got lucky by the way what should
have been a wild card for Florida not
being the runaway third it is
competitive with another state that I'll
bring up at the end of your guess okay
I'm just gonna do it I mean California
is a cute guess but I'm gonna stick with
New York 1.2 3 million Jews in the state
of California 1.2 3 million Jews 1.7 6
million Jews in New York yes exactly
right New York California Florida and
and five hundred and some odd thousand
Jews in New Jersey by the way so there
are people also four hundred shoes in
North Dakota that's it just 400 400 Wow
there are people that are also playing
this game at this point that are not
like minded with us so where else in the
country there's some all right guys
playing this game but they're they don't
think about it the same way we do there
are 400 North Dakota and there are
people in South Dakota who won't move to
North Dakota because there are too many
Jews there 50 years in South Dakota
Wow yeah Wow is that are they the winner
oh there's nobody even that can compete
with the 650 combined everybody else is
uh everybody else is at least over a
thousand I think everybody is is
actually pretty close to over two
thousand well that makes Mississippi
doesn't have a lot there at 1500 Montana
1300 well I so I just came up with a new
theory
my old filming 11 my old Siri was that
black people and cops know where to eat
okay they know where it's good quality
food for a reasonable price a reasonable
price okay
and I say that because whenever I go to
any restaurants that I love is filled
with cops and black people okay that's
the only place they get along so but a
new theory is Jude and choose nowhere to
live
I know where to live yeah it's not South
Dakota it's New York California Florida
right so what came in fourth Jersey Oh
Jersey's avocados yeah of course of
course run away yeah all right so I'm
thinking of adding a B to my killer
beasts you know did we talk about this
we might have talked about this never
like so so so that you know the the
killer bees are banana oh yeah we did
yeah I odd ly not retained it yeah yeah
we did saw just do real quick cuz I
think we did talk about it but now you
can add banana anything sweet obvious
bacon to anything salty lobbyist butter
to anything period obvious you eat yeah
any you eat so so those are your killer
bees the newbie is brioche brioche
so no sandwich is made worse by putting
it on brioche bread as opposed to
whatever bread you were using okay now
that's not exactly right because the
subs gotta be in a sabe can't be in a
brioche that's ridiculous
okay but you see my point like Rios
bread is so delicious
y'all grilled cheese that put put it on
brioche it's gonna be better a burger no
not a burger wait a minute
I I don't disagree with the brioche
standard I don't think it meets I don't
think it it warrants being and they can
we might you know we might not have
talked about it because as I say it out
loud now I'm wondering if it yeah that I
yeah it's not quite hall-of-fame it here
yeah I mean it's good but it's like
Football Hall of Fame not baseball my
impression of brioche is that sometimes
it's a little ready mmm
now no brioche is excellent but is it as
undeniable as bacon butter butter no I
didn't make it look sometimes you float
an idea right you floated and it didn't
work there's no shame
yeah it's not right second to a lot of
people love beer right yeah I'm not not
gonna be terrible but yeah you know beer
is not a mom of those categories sorry
so okay now but hey you know what we've
now created a second tier yeah and we'll
save brioche is the first entrant in the
second tier we'll see if there's any
other bees that make it into that the
TYT Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TRT content
at TYT comm slash
