talk about the massive shooting in Las
Vegas and I'm gonna give you all the
figures stats and facts about the
shooting then but I just wanted to
address a couple of quick things so what
people say after a shooting like this is
well thoughts and prayers can you just
spare us the nonsense thoughts and
prayers there's over 50 people dead
already let alone the 400 injured so
your thoughts because I'm gonna do him
any good they're dead and yes guns kill
them yes guns made it way way way way
easier to kill them so when you say
thoughts and prayers some people
legitimately believe that mean that and
they're very well-meaning people and I
love you thank you I appreciate that and
and that you genuinely want to help the
victims right some people on the other
hand when they say thoughts and prayers
mean don't do anything let the next mass
shooting happen because we got to make
money they're a politician and they take
donations of NRA which takes money from
gun manufacturers which are borderline
thrilled with what happened today their
stock prices are going up today more
people are panicked and a gun control
might happen so more people are buying
guns more people are panicked that
there's going to be a shooting near them
so they're buying guns so gun
manufacturers have nothing but thoughts
and prayers and I don't even know which
way they're praying so their bottom line
depends on us dying so and in these
several weapons are not made to shoot
deer they're made to shoot humans so
we'll get to that in a second so spare
us the thoughts and prayers actually do
something about it secondly people say
oh oh my god don't politicize this now
of course if it's a radical Muslim who
did the shooting let's blow sighs right
away we need a travel ban we need to do
more bombings we need to do we'll take
all these different policy actions
immediately immediately right but hey
the right-wing likes to have endless
guns and they've created this ocean of
guns that we live in and some of them
profit off of it and so no when it comes
to taking action there don't take any
policy actions don't
suggest any policy accidents don't do
anything just let us keep dying over and
over and over again get on the show
today I'll show you the difference
between you know how many people die
from terrorism in America versus how
many people die from guns and it is not
close we are in an ocean of weaponry so
please don't act surprised when there's
another mass shooting and it's done with
high-grade weapons and assault weapons
don't act surprised
and I'm telling you now what's gonna
happen in your neighborhood tick tock
tick tock and I when people say like I
can never could have seen this coming
well I'll tell you I've been telling you
for years I can see you coming we can
all see you coming there's gonna be
another mass shooting in another one
another one okay so that's that's the
situation that we're in so thirdly now
of course the idiot right-wingers and
NRA puppets come out and go no you see
this has anything to do with gun control
because Mandalay Bay does not allow for
guns and yet you have guns anyway this
tiny tiny tiny sliver of property
doesn't allow for guns where where is
that while the rest of us have about 250
million guns in the country at a minimum
they probably closer to 300 million now
so this is the same stupid argument they
make about Chicago or gun-free zones
near schools well you'd have to explain
to people like Trump that tiny little
island a barrier there it doesn't allow
guns yet there's guns in Chicago yeah
because they can just go get from the
rest of the state they can get it from
nearby states nearby states allow you to
buy on almost any goddamn thing you
please and you know that in Las Vegas
you're they banned toy guns cuz like
your stormtroopers you know to take
pictures of the kids and their guns were
freaking people out but you could have
open carry on the strip of real guns
so toy guns are banned but real guns are
not oh no no this is nothing new one
laws no no mainly they didn't allow for
guns what a preposterous argument if you
just step one
step out I almost any it against you
want oh but Jake this was a fully
automatic whereas I would look with anti
raise position is just semi-automatic
assault weapons are awesome just not
this particular kind but you could just
easily turn a weapon into this or buy
this anyway at these gun shows because
we wouldn't close the gun show loophole
and you could buy almost anything you
want from there because of the NRA by
the way if you want to buy a silencer
and armor-piercing bullets to kill cops
that are with you can buy anything you
want one and we don't want any of that
to base worked on fingerprints or
anything like that cuz that you might be
able to track murderers so we don't want
any of them you don't want any
regulation and if you don't want any
regulation and you want us to swim in an
ocean of guns well this is what happens
this is what happens not just once it's
happened dozens of time just gonna
happen dozens of times norm I said
dozens actually hundreds last year we
had almost as many mass shootings in
fact actually more mass shootings
meaning four people killed or more as we
did days in the year more mass shootings
than days this is this is not an
isolated case of terrorism this is a
case of mass shootings non-stop because
we won't do anything to check guns
that's the reality so when it happens in
your neighborhood don't act surprised
and don't think like oh wow I couldn't
have seen this coming it's gonna happen
tomorrow and the day after and the day
after because our politicians are bought
by gun manufacturers in the NRA and even
though 93% of Americans agree that there
should be some very simple gun
regulations that was proposed under the
Obama administration
93% agree over 70% of NRA members agree
in a democracy that should happen
instantly but we don't live in a
democracy we believe live in a system
where all these politicians are allowed
to be bribed by private interests like
those gun manufacturers and we just keep
on dying put an end to it let's actually
get to regain our democracy regain
sanity so that we can do something about
this otherwise it's gonna happen in your
neck of the woods and every time it's
devastating we have got to find a
to it
