are you crazy I'm gonna tell you what
they're doing New York not only does it
work democracy but it I know it's for to
help incumbents the establishment it
also hurts the Democratic Party so I get
done inciting but related that same
story I want to tell you about something
that just Democrats are doing now it's
it's related because it's the same
person leaning in Alexandria all cops
here Cortez she's a just Emma crab
candidate in New York and she came with
a great idea and we're doing a petition
all across the country on it it's just
Democrats that compensation order we go
because all right yeah can't be going
around talking about trillions of
dollars in tax cuts when right now
emergency help is not going to Puerto
Rico we yeah we can't be talking about
doing giant arms sales which is a story
that the Trump administration was
pushing on Friday or golfing like
Trump's doing right now we can't do any
of that stuff until we get to a the
Puerto Rico absolutely needs so down
below in the description box so now in
her race she's running as Joe Crowley in
congressional district in New York and
so what does New York do to rig the
system in favor of the establishment
they say that if you want to vote in
that primary in the middle of next year
in the middle of 2018 you have to switch
a registration the Democrat now by
October 13th what so in order to vote
six seven months later I have to switch
my registration to Democrat today at
least by October 13 why don't you just
let people switch later and become
Democrats isn't it a great thing to
become a Democrat no
you see the voters right now put the
incumbents in the office so if you
prevent future Democratic voters it
helps the incumbents and hence the
establishment it's really gross here
attend this for a long time it's always
been to help out the establishment and
it's always so hon that go to just
democrats na consolation new door quote
if you live in new york make sure that
if you're not currently registered as a
Democrat there might be a lot of reasons
for that first of all if you're an
independent no they won't let you go in
a Democratic primary Working Families
Party they won't let you vote in a
Democratic primary or sometimes because
of superstorm sandy people voted
absentee and sometimes that is what's
preventing people promoting a Democratic
primary so make sure you know your
rights in New York make sure you fight
back against this rule in New York so
Alexandria is doing a day of action on
it today actually so if you can't go or
help her but all the information again
we'll put the link down below it's just
Democrats calm /ny vote okay NY so and
then one last thing too Alexandria is
fighting good fight there if you want to
help her just Democrats that cop /
Ocasio again we'll put the link in the
description books and she's up against
Joe Crowley was an upper floor Democrat
in in a house in the party leadership he
is one of the top people that funnels
Wall Street money into the Democratic
Party in Washington they think that's
wonderful what are you crazy going after
Joe Crowley he brings us all the Wall
Street cash exactly by the way he's also
in a New York recent article in The New
York Post found out that he was
funneling 69 thousand dollars of his
campaign donor money to property outside
of his district owned by his brother so
that's just Democrats not calm / Ocasio
mainly today New York whoa but overall
we've got a help were to Rica so make
sure you sign that petition and make
sure your voice is heard
