we can meanwhile the situation Porto
Rico is incredibly dire so the mayor of
San Juan says we're dying over here
we're really dawn and she at one point
even said this could turn into a
genocide so she's obviously incredibly
worried about her citizens so what does
Trump's reaction to that oh my to get
more help over there and me she did a
really great report about how little
help is gonna Puerto Rico for Hurricane
Maria as opposed to what Bush even did
for Hurricane Katrina and remember that
was the best it's obvious that we've not
sent enough pies resources manpower
there so instead of saying oh my god I
gotta go help the people of Puerto Rico
that they're dying over there it's up in
the morning tweets the mayor of San Juan
who was very complimentary only a few
days ago has now been told by Democrats
that you must be nasty to Trump not
everything is about you know because
he's turned were Tory go or do not
people suffering they can't share loved
ones they don't even know if they're a
lot too
you're nasty to Trump so now this got
serious cuz I was was Nancy any trouble
okay he's not anywhere near done he says
such poor leadership ability by the
mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto
Rico who are not able to get their
workers to help who are not able to get
workers to help first of all is there
any evidence of that of course not it's
it totally made up but why does Trump
say that okay the lazy stereotype Oh
can't get them to work you know Puerto
Ricans okay now use that song tweet well
come on is that enough evidence that he
went racial there okay let's go to the
next week you know it never ends they
want everything to be done for them when
it should be a community effort 10,000
federal workers now on island doing a
fantastic job as I explained earlier the
context is that it's actually not nearly
enough in fact lieutenant general who
was in charge of Hurricane Katrina help
is down in Puerto Rico now he's retired
and he's saying no not nearly enough
help
and then when they asked him
Trump's comments he said look everybody
here needs a gas a tank so that people
can actually open up the Walgreen so
they could get water like these these
elementary mechanics are not in place
and when asked to respond to Trump's
attacks against the San Juan mayor he
said she's sleeping on a cot and he's
playing golf do I need to say anything
more this is a lieutenant general ok
this is uh you know I don't know for
right-wingers I have to explain them
these are our guys these are our people
proto Ricans are Americans that's an
American general saying for God's sake
help gentle Buchannon down there is
asking for more help there's a ship now
on the way to help that's the one that
we normally launch to help in situations
like this it left nine days after the
hurricane waiting for but what does
Trump say they want everything to be
done for them now did he say that
Houston did he say that milord I did he
say that the Republican Governor Rick
Scott in Florida no but when it comes to
Puerto Ricans they can't get their
workers to help or to work and they need
everything done for them with absolutely
no evidence that that's the case look
he's like one of those old relatives
they and that's being kind of them but
anyway one of those old relatives who
can't stop saying racist things because
they don't realize this racist you just
assume Puerto Ricans are lazy and of
course I mean look why don't they just
help themselves etc and he just he keeps
saying it over and over again and
everything is about his own ego if
you're nasty to Trump then maybe he
shouldn't help you but it isn't about
that it's about the citizens of Puerto
Rico who desperately need the help now
he's such a bad guy and every day he
finds a new way to show us and prove it
to us
