Donald Trump has begun his national tour
touting his proposal to cut taxes and
you will hear from his cabinet members
where they say that they're not gonna
cut taxes for the wealthy they're only
gonna focus on the middle class
well interesting choice that Trump made
when he decided to go speak to
manufacturers and he said the following
my administration is working every day
to lift the burdens on our companies and
on our workers so that you can thrive
compete and grow and at the very center
of that plan is a giant beautiful
massive the biggest ever in our country
tax cut giant massive beautiful he
sounded like he was there more that
locker room talk oh you should see this
giant beautiful right but that is how he
sees tax cuts like hmm gotta hit that
right but my favorite part of that is
all this time the Republicans have and
actually a lot of this house for
including Democrats people on TV have
been have not been calling you tax cuts
they're more savvy than that they call
it tax reform in wink no no it's not
gonna affect the deficit no this isn't
tax cuts for the rich we're just
reforming taxes right it's like nobody
gave them the memo and even even the
memo you wouldn't read it there was I
forget where he made this statement it
was from last week but he was speaking
to Republicans and he said and I'm
paraphrasing but he did say this you
know stop calling it tax reform it's tax
cuts you know just call it what it is
yeah and it's like and and it's a first
of all I think that that type of
transparency is actually something that
his base loves and actually do I know
he's not being transparent for the sake
of being transparent it's an accident
but I appreciate it too right because we
need to hear what it really is instead
of like some tactful shady slimy
politician pretending like oh we're
gonna reform
system and simplify it so you're not as
confused and you save a little bit of
money no he wants tax cuts for the
wealthy members of his cabinet though
are going around and saying no no Gary
Cohn his economic adviser for instance
is saying it's not tax cuts for the
wealthy we're just hanging out for the
middle class but think about who he's
speaking to he's speaking to the
National Association of Manufacturers so
these are the people who are either
automating their jobs or shipping their
jobs overseas and Trump's argument is
well if we just cut their taxes we can
bring those jobs back to the United
States but case study after case studies
shows that that's actually not the case
what they do is they will take their
savings from these tax cuts and they'll
do acquisitions or they'll buy shares of
their own company and I have some proof
of that so let's go to it let's go to
graphic three
so first let's get to the details of the
plan when it comes to corporations the
plan would lower the corporate tax rate
from thirty five percent to twenty
percent and would lower the rate for
so-called pass-through businesses to
twenty five percent there's a pause
there first thing I just want to explain
that for a second so that is a big
beautiful tax cut for multinational
corporations that donate to politicians
but the pass-through part is very
important because that affects Donald
Trump personally so instead of paying
39.6% let's call it 40 right we started
paying 40 percent they he brings it down
to twenty five percent that can save him
hundreds of disasters or at 39.6 yeah so
no normally if you if you're running a
business and you just pay personal taxes
on it you're paying for da da da and he
would be theoretically at the highest
rate so he'd pay forty percent but if
you do a pass-through business now
they're saying well since is a business
I'm gonna knock that down to twenty five
percent so he just saved fifteen percent
on his taxes so on that he won't be
transparent and every once in a while
he'll lion say oh this doesn't affect me
at all
all of his business are passed through
businesses if he's telling the truth
about the amount of money that he has
he's saving billions he just cut his own
taxes by billions even if he's lying
he's still saving tens on hundreds of
millions of dollars by doing this so it
is incredibly so four grand izing this
plan yeah that's
those conflict of interest debates that
were happening right after his
inauguration were important and you know
he is using his position and office to
benefit himself in his own businesses
but I don't know I guess his supporters
don't really care to you know I'm only
half joking but do you think he knows
what the middle class is like maybe and
I maybe he thinks Tom Price is the
middle class because you know he one
reason why I think when I first saw you
know how his tax plan were it which is
really upside down on people I think
between one and three hundred thousand
every 150 to 300 thousand a year there's
that he like he almost has like if you
make that much why don't you make more
right and him like somebody with
fourteen million dollars the low end of
his cabinet you know many as he said
money my cabinet members have their what
they own their own jetson it's that
problem great secretaries right I'm
pretty sure the most of the cost by the
way is fuel and personnel and right so I
like maybe he literally thinks like a
middle class he he he has disdain for
people with ten twelve million dollars
here like how who has ten or twelve
billion dollars a year by next year you
should have twenty five million if you
got if anything's going on so I don't
know I mean I'm again at like I said I'm
half joking but I wouldn't be surprised
if you could ask Donald Trump if there
he was forced to tell the truth
where's the middle class what do they
make no notes yeah but he should
definitely asking that there's no way
he's even with he's not going to be
right by an order of magnitude right he
probably think middle class is like a
million bucks yeah hello 750,000 to 1.5
million something like that a year
anyways so let's keep going on the
details all right so now let's get to
what these big corporations plan to do
with these tax cuts this is based on you
know their responses to survey questions
okay 65% of these respondents said the
tax reform or these tax cuts would make
them more likely to expand their
businesses
and about 57% said the tax reform would
make them more likely to hire more
workers now they're not saying that they
will they said that sure makes me more
likely only 57% I mean think about how
much we're sacrificing in revenue just
and you know and in taxpayer money that
helps fund these programs that we need
think about how much we're sacrificing
on the small chance that some of these
corporations will consider creating more
jobs because we think about this on such
a small scale we think of that so
there's a guy in Allentown Pennsylvania
and he owns a lumber yard right and it
does well makes million and a half years
companies profitable that's the only
thing Republicans want to talk about
because they'll say that guy gets a big
tax cut and maybe instead of employing
86 workers he can add that other thing
and another shift and he can employ 104
workers right to do more business he's
created more jobs that's how it's
supposed to work right but we're not
talking about those guys that's great if
that happens that's but that guy's not
gonna get bought by another company nor
is he gonna buy another company this is
people who employ 806 eighty six
thousand people and then they merged
with a company that has 71 thousand
people and then together they have a
hundred thousand so they fired 57,000 B
yeah that happens all the time
all the time these giant multinational
corporations what they do is they say
right before the tax cuts oh my god
we're gonna expand workers and I'm
surprised only 57% if they were savvy
97% of would say okay yeah but yet more
workers that's what we're gonna do sure
and but in reality when you go and
double check what they've actually done
is to what Anna was referring to earlier
they acquire another company and they go
great synergies so what we're gonna have
cost efficiencies that means I fire half
of your accounting staff of and half of
my accounting staff and now we just have
an accounting staff that's half the size
yeah let alone manufacturing etc and and
the other thing they do is stock
buybacks yes that is unacceptable they
they buy shares of their own company to
increase the stock value of their own
company for their freakin investors not
now look let me explain No
makes me so mad okay so you if you're
wondering well I mean you're supposed to
raise the stock price for your
shareholders is not what a CEO supposed
to do well kind of part the reason
they're increasing the stock price is
because they have bonuses and options
yeah so they will exercise their options
at the higher stock price and make more
money personally so now and even if you
say hey that's great I want him to make
even more money as the CEO okay god
bless but it's not doing what they said
they were gonna do which is to hire more
American workers so understand what's
going on and you couldn't create the
real way to increase shareholder value
is to have a better company so to have
when more investment might lead to a
company that's worth more in the long
run the buybacks are more of a
short-term exercise usually tied to
their own everything we have in the last
40 years is short-term maybe longer
right and we think about this wrong and
we didn't always think about it this way
yes you have a fiduciary responsibility
to your stockholders you don't have a
fiduciary responsibility to stockholders
to make increase their margin of return
at the expense of X number of workers
will you fire you don't and we didn't
always think that way
we I don't know whether we had rules in
place to prevent it or whether we just
thought no I'm invested in this company
and I get a pretty healthy two percent
rate of return right two and a half
percent sometimes I lose some years I
get four right I know but now that's we
don't all we do is chase money when I
was arguing with I have a couple of in
the last three years gotten some super
rich friends right couple of my friends
but like and and they and they and their
reasonable guys they vote Republican
because they've always I think voted
Republican and they want their taxes cut
and they and they talk about and they
worry about socialism they're incredibly
kind decent charitable guys right but
they but they do acknowledge that the
there's been a mind shift change that
over the last 30 years the desire to get
that rate of return to to deliver the
way bernie madoff delivered that that's
all they think about that that becomes
paramount as opposed to you know what
i'm gonna have a company that grows that
is reasonable percentage and keeps this
town afloat
I'm gonna die and that's I'm definitely
the most conservative on this panel on
this issue and and I think that wanting
increase your rate of return is a fairly
normal thing to do I think that there is
a point at which greed kicks in and you
become counterproductive and I actually
had this conversation just yesterday
with Ray Dalio which who is literally
one of the richest men alive go check
that out on youtube.com slash tyt and it
was a really interesting conversation
about greed and marginal utility etc but
so I don't mind them trying to increase
their rate of return and maybe we'll one
where others might be uncomfortable but
what I do mind is you telling us you
need one and a half trillion dollars in
tax cuts which then is not gonna let our
kids get an education highways etc and
then you say it's because you're gonna
hire workers and it's just not true
you're not gonna hire more workers
you're gonna try to increase your rate
it's your turn which I think you have
every right to do but not at taxpayer
expense and not through lying to the
public and I'm not gonna pass a law
which says you can't really go for it
right and again I've been under the
mankiewicz administration I'm just
saying we should recognize to what
extent greed has motivated us and it
should bother us and we should at least
think about it that's all but so to your
last point there jank about not hiring
workers and Anna's initial point about
not hiring workers like let's look at
those numbers so 57% say they're gonna
hire workers so let's so that means 43%
they may not have all said they weren't
but they didn't answer yes
so 43% so those guys they're definitely
not gonna know right of the 57 percent
as you say if they were savvy they'd
just say yes some of them will realize
afterwards I just yeah oh no we have to
have what workers because I said in a
survey that I so the tax cuts which are
designed to hire workers it's
unquestionable that more than half and I
would say two-thirds if half of the 57%
are going to do it and all the 43
percent a year at 71% arca higher orders
it doesn't work and we know it doesn't
work I mean it might have worked when
when the tag when if corporate the
corporate tax rate was astronomically
high right
actually that was when we had create the
most weight that we were
just crank of jobs out and cranking jobs
yeah let me add last two things on this
warren buffett's absolutely right and
look I run a Shou Shou business I run a
very very small business compared to
those guys but but he overall I agree I
agree with him and what he says is
nobody ever goes and says I'm gonna
start a business or I'm gonna make an
investment but I won't do it if the
taxes are too high but you're either
going to you're an entrepreneur or
whatever you are you're businessman
you're a finance person and you're going
to make money okay and you worry about
your taxes later
now of course taxes have other financial
implications but overall you're either
going to do that business or you're not
going to do that business and you are a
terrible business person if you're
saying oh my marginal taxes are a little
higher and hence I won't go into it at
all just like Republicans tell those
stories we hear them all the time I have
heard them that people are can expand
their businesses because either it's too
much paperwork yeah paperwork in a way
that that is effective I got it but what
they really mean is I don't want to
comply with any regular that's right
right so comply with if you've got money
and you have a good idea for the
business I got to be honest this six
days extra of paperwork that you might
have to do or some employee has to do
shouldn't prevent you from doing it and
I never meet the actual person or read
about the actual person I was gonna
expand my business but the taxes were
too high and there was too much
paperwork so I decided not to do well
then you're lazy terrible businessman so
I know it's not just a matter of and
laziness if you're for example you're a
public corporation you have to hire more
people to make sure that you're
complying with the law but that's
because we don't want people getting
ripped off if you use we don't want that
you lying that so look the last part of
that is that these if you want to know
what they they actually think don't talk
to them before the taxes when they're
looking for the money okay actually go
to what they say to shareholders because
every quarter they have to announce what
they're doing etc and there they turn
around them brag about how many jobs
they've cut yes because then the
shareholders go mmm that's really good
we saved a lot of money so and that's
where they and by the way at that point
they legally must tell the truth
otherwise they would be in legal trouble
because
that affects their stock price so all
this is nonsense talks that they can
just grab the money afterwards look at
what they say in those quarterly reports
you'll have your real answer and we have
looked in the past and what they do is
they cut jobs okay you know what I'm
sorry one more last economic point is
when the taxes are high why might they
hire more people rather than less people
because if you're gonna pay a lot of
taxes you don't want to take the money
and income and pay those taxes you'd
rather keep them inside the company and
if you keep them inside the company
you're more likely to hire more people
and grow your company it's a deduction
right you get a deduction for employees
because it's a business cause I don't
know I could be wrong about that
so they that's very complicated the
overall point is you don't want to take
the money out and pay taxes on it if the
taxes are so high right it's better to
grow your company and have your company
be worth more in the long run so you
keep the money inside the company and
hire more people and grow it instead of
just taking it out and getting a yawn
and a match I would add something but
everything I know about economics was
just used up in the last six minutes
literally all of it if you like this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
