the Trump administration is planning on
loosening restrictions when it comes to
the global sale of weapons now in 2015
President Obama had actually passed a
few restrictions when it came to our
weapons manufacturers and the type of
you know sales that they can do with
foreign countries but Trump doesn't like
that and neither do the weapons
manufacturers so he does plan on undoing
some of those restrictions and even
going further to make it easier for
these weapons manufacturers to sell to
foreign countries now the changes which
could include enlisting the State
Department and Pentagon to more actively
advocate on behalf of American arms
manufacturers as if they don't already
are set to be included in an executive
order or presidential memorandum that
Trump will issue this fall but let's
pause there for a second because look I
know that unfortunately a lot of our
foreign policies centered around
corporate America and it's not really
corporate America they're multinational
corporations that just happen to be
powerful in America partly because of
the donations that they give but this is
really going a little further than that
- it's why is our military helping to
sell weapons to people who might use it
against them just so the defense
contractors can make a buck that's nuts
but the only thing crazier than that is
to have the State Department which again
is right they've unofficially done that
for a long time by the ways turned out
disastrous when our government has
destabilized democracies overthrown
democratically elected leaders so that
American companies can make more money
and it is blown back on us almost every
time and cause the actual American
people a lot of damage but now to
actively and out no open say yeah the
State Department instead of doing
diplomacy and creating peace around the
world is going to the opposite they're
gonna help sell record-breaking number
of arms all throughout the world and you
use them any way you like if if if we're
the world's cops right the cops want
less guns I mean you know why I don't
know everything that the United
patience does but shouldn't there be
like constant global conferences where
the where people are the leaders and the
leaders of the free world get together
and work out ways to massively restrict
the flow of weapons around the world I
mean wouldn't that be better and except
for one significant group the people who
make those weapons right who are
enormous ly powerful companies here in
the United States Chris Murphy's senator
from Connecticut just this slightly
relevant touches on Puerto Rico but he
tweeted today it's worth asking why we
spend six hundred billion dollars a year
on the military that doesn't include
independent private sales of weapons but
it's worth asking why we spend six
hundred billion dollars a year on the
military if we can't get more than five
thousand troops in 50 helicopters to
Puerto Rico so the State Department will
advocate for this do this freeing the
sale of weapons around the world make it
easier but yet somehow we can't step to
it and and help a US territory that's
just off our Shore I'm gonna add one
quick thing to that just Democrats
actually just started a petition to say
we should not do any other business in
Congress including the tax cuts for the
rich and selling weapons all across the
world so that defense contractors can
get rich until we aid the people of
Puerto Rico okay it's it's just
Democrats Tom Seibert oh Rico we'll put
a link down below and Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez who is one of the just Democrats
running for office in New York and you
should check out her page just Democrats
that calm slash Ocasio will put that
link below to she's the one that's
leading this process and saying are you
kidding me we're not doing anything for
these people and there are Americans and
they need our help right now so I know
you're prioritizing your tax cuts and
your weapons sales but can we do this
first get them help first I think that
makes sense look they've got their
lobbyists we have you guys so go out
there and these petitions don't do make
a difference they made a giant
difference in the medicare-for-all
debates so just Democrats that ground
were toriko okay so I got to give you
guys more of the specific details about
what this administration is doing when
it comes to these
arm sales because it is terrible so the
new arms transfer initiative being run
out of the White House National Security
Council aims to make US companies more
competitive when allies are shopping for
fighter jets ground vehicles warships
missile defense and also other military
gear in an intensely competitive mark
now Market Market but can I just say I
know because we are we are leading when
it comes to arms sales fifty percent of
weapon sales arm sales come from the
United States international arms sales
so like we're like the competition is
even freaking close so we literally lap
the field we're more than half so not
only are we number one and great this
category selling arms to oftentimes
dictators like the Bahrain Saudi Arabia
where the inside Arabia used it against
civilians to Nigeria to all these
different places and we since we saw
more than half to our arms and some very
defense point it's not just selling guns
to people and cops would be concerned if
you had it in a domestics yes it's like
selling armor-piercing bullets to people
and so we're selling really high-tech
weapons sometimes and by the way again
sometimes letting technology that's
really important to our national
security
slip out from underneath us so they can
make a buck and to say that oh it's a
really competitive market when we sell
more arms than the rest of the world
combined is totally not true it's just
an excuse to make more money and it's
and it's not like we're gonna track
these weapons right and making the
argument that oh well we're doing these
arms sales to our allies oh that's
worked out for us in the past right
where we arm our so-called allies and
then later on when we engage in war with
them you know we unfortunately armed our
enemies so to give you go ahead it's
just super quick not even later on we we
arm those countries in the Gulf like
Saudi Arabia they were the number one
provider of arms to rebel forces we're
fighting inside Iraq the insurgents in
Iraq that got our troops killed
early okay but some defense contractor
made some money yeah I know but let's
not get offended by that let's get
offended because someone decided to
kneel during the national anthem during
an NFL game now what Trump is doing also
Greenlight's
sales of precision guided munitions to
Saudi Arabia that the Obama
administration held up over concerns
that they have been used to kill
civilians in the offensive against
rebels in Yemen position guided
munitions from mr. the other bombs he's
not with no bombs mm-hmm yeah and that
and they also sold very high-tech drones
and there's a reason why they put those
regulations in place it's not because
they're no good liberals and they just
like to make sure you don't make money
no if you sell the high-tech drones to
others then they have the technology
they could just reverse-engineer it and
it goes all across the world then it
could be used against our troops there
was a reason for that regulation
otherwise known as a law and when you
take that away because all way those are
donors Republican donors we've got to
make that more money look sneaker
companies want to make more money have
at it Hoss and we want if they're
theoretically American whatever that
means and we want to support them and
have our diplomats selling Nikes it's a
weird thing but it's not nearly as
destructive as having our diplomats
going around selling arms to people who
might then use it against us right not
so sure that some of the you know I
don't know enough about it but some of
you know some of the stuff could be kind
of socialized you know like you don't
get to make anything like the idea that
we could massively restrict the people
or at least associated with the United
States of America and then getting
together with our Ally's that we
restrict the amount of precision guided
missiles made like that's okay that
strikes me I don't want the free market
to dictate that in any way yeah what if
the free market says oh I sis has a lot
of money which they do because they got
a lot of the oil from Iraq and Syria
they say okay I'm just buying it on the
free market give me a nuke do you want
the free market then right yeah of
course there's got to be restrictions so
we because we because we are unable to
because our isolation and our G are
wonderfully fortuitous
a geographic isolation that we have here
which is perfect which has protected us
for for so many hundreds of years well
just to since sometime in the mid 18th
century the nooks makes no difference
there right
we can't that doesn't help us right you
know with the big water is is doesn't
help us as much with nukes so we we work
our ass off or at least the smart ones
do to restrict those nukes right but we
don't so with the concept that there are
mists there are weapons out there that
the world would get together to try to
restrict but we won't restrict the
weapons that have killed far far far
more people than nukes and have wreaked
havoc on the world and destabilized the
world and made us more in danger than
ever before we won't come together in
the world and as the civilized nations
and try to restrict that it is it's but
again because it's a different it's a
different way of thinking right and we
don't think that way the the the the
companies the the weapons manufacturers
are given free rein and when their reign
is restricted a little bit as they were
in the Obama administration we get a guy
like Trump in there any unrestrained so
we weren't allowed to well there are at
least restrictions when it came to
selling arms to Bahrain and also to
Nigeria those restrictions have now been
lifted and just to give you a sense of
how much this type of dealing has
increased under the trump administration
graphic 16 in the first eight months of
2017 the total value of u.s. arms
transfer notifications has nearly
doubled to 48 billion compared to the
same period in 2016 and so this has
already begun
and it is definitely gonna come back to
haunt us in the future okay the last
thing they're revamping the conventional
arms transfer policy so that we can sell
more military-grade weapons to foreign
nations there also this is my favorite
quote they're making the International
traffic and arms regulations quote more
user-friendly oh great okay then it'll
be user friendly for the dictators buy
our weapons and and that'll just be
fantastic for world peace finally guys
think about it this way and as I gave
the Nike analogy and sneakers it does
not mean that if we had in this in these
orders they're literally saying the
people working out of our embassies not
just the military which in essence were
now privatizing to work as salespeople
for defense contractors but also our
diplomats if those diplomats put on like
Nike track suits and and went and said
hey you guys got to buy Nike in Cambodia
or whatever we'd say oh that's so
unseemly and ridiculous but this is way
worse they're telling them part of your
job is go sell them weapons to kill each
other with yeah and and the American
taxpayer doesn't make a dollar off that
it is just for private gain
that's his sanity man if you liked this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
