North Dakota has accepted a 15 million
dollar donation from the same
corporation behind the dapple pipeline
now this is trans-pacific partners and
they have donated this money in order to
essentially help with the costs that
came about as a result of the protests
of dapple the money will go to the North
Dakota Department of Energy Services des
to help deal with debt brought on as a
result of the Dakota access pipeline
protests a bill passed by the state
legislature in 2017 included language
saying that the governor and des could
accept reimbursement in the form of land
cash or other assets from non state
sources for state cost incurred relating
to unlawful activity associated with the
construction of the Dakota access
pipeline so they look the state did take
out a pretty gigantic loan to help pay
for some of the costs that came about as
a result of those protests 40 million to
be specific and so as a result you know
it makes sense for them to look for ways
to pay that money back but it's a little
concerning because this is a form of
bribery you know this is essentially
telling state lawmakers yeah you see
those shady protestors we're gonna take
care of you're gonna give you fifteen
million dollars as long as you take care
of what's the name of the tribe sent you
Standing Rock Standing Rock yeah well so
I mean you say it's a bribe but if the
Standing Rock give 15 million to the
state to to help defray the cost that
not everything would be yeah and it's
Sioux Nation overall thanks so well they
probably have 15 billion oh yeah yeah so
look guys this is a terrible idea and
I'm gonna prove it to you even if you're
a huge right winger this is yes it's a
form of bribery later I'll give you
money and you have the cops working for
me it turns the cops into the Pinkertons
in fact what it basically does is it
privatizes the police department which
is a terrible idea so how am I gonna
prove it even to the right wing it's
like Young Turks a business what if the
Young Turks said to the cops hey don't
worry we'll give you
money to rough up some of the
right-wingers I mean not rough em up but
when they have a protest it's
interfering with my business if you know
what I mean and later I'm gonna give you
a donation yeah okay and then they come
and kick your ass and you go what the
hell you're supposed to I'm part of the
community I'm doing on First Amendment
rights I got what I'm doing a tea party
protest here or don't write protest or
something oh my god isn't that a shame I
you know I just gave a donation to the
cops what's the big deal and you guys
are costing this city so much money with
your damn right-wing protests and I was
just trying to have the cops recoup that
cost this community should be proud of
what I'm doing otherwise we'd all have
to pay that's why I gave the cops okay
let's put it in a context that I think
conservatives would understand imagine
if we were gonna go to a college campus
to give a speech okay
conservative protesters show up and the
cops rough up those protesters with
water cannons because that's what
happened to dapple right and then we
turn around and say oh you know what we
are gonna give the administration of 15
million dollar donation to deal with
that does it deal with the costs of
those right-wingers yeah of course we
don't have that kind of money but so but
like to drive them nuts Soros does have
that kind of money
if Soros said I'll cover the cost of any
way that you deal with the protests on
college campuses this is a terrible idea
don't privatize the police because you
asked him in the meeting yeah
also I mean these guys have 15 million
dollars to just give ya the state of
North Dakota
I mean it's some but the money that
exists in corporate America and I got a
corporate America employees people I'm
not I'm just it's that they have so much
money it's more like here there's
fifteen million dollars just cuz we're
good guys but we know this will help us
later but the problem is our taxes are
so high that they just can't succeed
that's right you just give the North
Dakota they don't need to give it to
North Dakota right but also one last
thing about this remember because they
say they're giving it just out of the
goodness of their heart oh sure sure of
course there but but remember this guy's
if they had to hire private security at
that that at the level that the
were present to protect their private
interests right Dakota access pipeline
would have to spend more money instead
they say okay we're gonna use your
public cops to work for us and later
we'll give you a fraction of that money
and we both bribed you and privatized
the police and haven't really paid the
full cost of it right so it's it's a
win-win for them and a lose-lose for us
because then it's not our government
anymore it's their government Elizabeth
Warren released the statement about this
that I wanted to share with you guys
let's go to graphic 27
she says this is nothing more than a
dangerous public relations stunt by
energy transfer partners they should
play by the rules fully consider the
environmental and human impact of this
pipeline and respect the concerns of
tribal leaders I wanted to read that
statement because she at least made a
statement about and I think it's
important but yeah they don't they don't
care about the environmental concerns
they know about the environment so it's
not concerned about me so it already
worked I mean the governor the wood
statement that he issued we're grateful
for to go to access pipelines
recognition of the significant impacts
this project was having our state so I
mean they're already thanked like you
you think you're gonna have a fair and
impartial government as this pipeline
goes further and as the Dakota Access's
Energy Partners wants to go further and
do more no they've got it they won yeah
we did win but they won when you have
what the right wing would call big
government big government officials
saying we are grateful to our private
benefactors whether it's George Soros or
the Koch brothers or in this case to go
to access pipeline it is a terrible idea
for our democracy and good for Elizabeth
Warren if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
