megyn kelly is not doing well now
health-wise she's fine so don't worry
but she's not doing well when it comes
to daytime television I'll give you an
example so megyn kelly is now hosting
megyn kelly today not the Today Show but
it is very confusing for people like
Debra Messing who had no idea that she
was going on the megyn kelly version of
today and so guests are not happy about
appearing on her show her ratings aren't
doing so well and this comes after
another failed show that she did after
Fox News so poor ratings and even worse
publicity for Sunday night with megyn
kelly the limited series was scrapped
two episodes before it was supposed to
end thanks in part to widespread
criticism of Kelly's softball interviews
of Putin and Alex Jones by the way the
maybe it was initially gonna be softball
on the promo that they did with Alex
Jones
I mean who let that happen just beyond
me of them in the car goofing around but
what I was not on the show for any of
these times but the rillette ative
interview they clearly went in and redid
it and and what came out of it was I
thought fairly reasonably tough yeah
when all was said and done I'm gonna
defend megyn kelly this thing so keep
going so the cast of Will & Grace went
on megyn kelly show and Debra Messing
who is one of the stars of that show
didn't expect megyn kelly to be the host
she didn't realize what was going on and
then she regretted it and talked about
how much she regretted it on social
media because megyn kelly had said
something pretty insensitive about the
gay community on this very show kelly
managed to make things weird when she
flippantly referred to homosexuality as
quote the gay thing while sharing a
stage with a group of queer people and
their allies so the strange gate the
interaction led to Debra Messing saying
in a comment on one of her Instagram
posts that she didn't even know that
megyn kelly was the host until she
arrived and that she regretted appearing
on the show and that she was dismayed by
Kelly's comments okay there was a
peculiar interview I mean though there
her gay line was weird but I but I don't
think it by I think she was an attempted
at a inclusive joke so look I think if
if you just look at that as an isolated
case I hear you like it would not raise
a red flag at all for me okay she said
the gay thing
you know you're speaking off-the-cuff
maybe something comes out and it doesn't
sound right
but then you kind of you have to take
that in in the context of megyn kelly
and all the horrendous things she said
about gay people on fox news you know
who she is like just because she's on
you know daytime television now and it's
an NBC show doesn't mean that you either
should say terrible things about gay
people we did john oliver actually had
like a really funny mashup of all the
terrible things she said when she was on
fox news and in his last episode it was
included in there i don't remember
specifically that montage including her
comments about the gay community but she
has you know she's defended the
businesses that want to discriminate
against gay people and not you know bake
them wedding cakes and all that stuff
she's been very conservative on that
issue so look i don't agree with megyn
kelly Spalla ticks but i think that they
and and anna makes a great point about
well context does matter but they are
really looking to nitpick everything
she's doing so i look here i'm on this
particular issue i'm a little biased
because i have said something equally
awkward kevin spacey if you remember
when we worked out in miami been no but
you were like in experience like red
carpet reporter it was like the
beginning of your career you had no idea
what you were doing you didn't have like
this you know gigantic portfolio of
shitty comments alright I hear you and I
had no hostility towards the gay thing
okay nor did I believe that Santa must
be white okay alright but Debra Messing
it's also a little on you to know the
show that you're going on so this excuse
of like I didn't know megyn kelly today
was hosted by megyn kelly
yeah but I think well I mean I I will
first of all we have no idea that Debra
Messing is busy and a big star
so is filled today the skier going on
The Today Show you know that whatever so
like I mean it seems like a weak sauce
expense afterwards I think that what she
said is likely true that she didn't know
and I think it's also weak sauce like so
you so what so what like it's not it
wasn't the worst thing in the world to
go oh no I'm totally going in the
opposite direction from you guys okay
like I get it again let me reiterate if
this was just isolated you know she
hadn't been doing Fox News Channel
I hear you and I would defend her
however like it isn't it frustrating
that she said all the things that she
said on Fox News for years for years and
years and then oh who cares all that's
just gonna be erased and you know
miraculously now you get to host a
daytime television show on NBC is if
you're not like okay that gets the heart
of the thing and we'll get to more of
her so calls for ups in a second but I
I'm not saying that nobody's at fault
here you know TV is info fault not gonna
send me some of TV because it's so damn
fake okay we knew Megyn Kelly's
conservative we know it but now we're
gonna put her in a new show in a new
network and it would now she's not
conservative she's milquetoast she's in
the middle and she's just gonna play it
you know without any pots no if you're
gonna hire megan kelly
let her be conservative and let her do
whatever show she wants okay because by
the way you'll get a more of an audience
that way instead you're making or do
something that's totally fake that's why
if at all the ratings are down so I
don't even know if that would increase
her her ratings I think it's not the
right channel for that's why when she
left Fox News I predicted once again
accurately sorry but it's true
that's of course it wouldn't be
successful on NBC you have to match the
right person for the right channel yeah
and so this idea of like oh she did okay
in that context hence she'll be a great
Today Show yeah I'm so stupid and old
we're taking a Fox talent who was by the
time she left Fox arguably unpopular at
Fox
as always and there's that and that gets
to the and then asking those Fox Ewers
to come over to NBC who they consider to
be part of the giant left-wing media so
I think she had to find a totally new
audience an audience that would already
be watching some of whom if they weren't
watching Fox probably don't agree with
her then did Jake's point which is true
is that she's like saying oh I don't
I'll do anything I don't want to talk
about politics there should be a respite
from politics and and the journal and
many journalists are Trump obsessed she
said you know which again if you're
about to be a journalist probably not we
should be saying about other journalists
covering arguably the most corrupt and
those dangerous president we've had just
covering a president she's covering a
president right a president who doesn't
want to be covered and makes covering
him hard you you that is not what a
journalist does so I think she made a
mistake there the other thing that right
no the other thing that we do is and you
get a conservative to have a moment
where they're not a lunatic and we're
like hey what bravery amazing right and
to some extent that's what happens megyn
kelly I don't know her politics and the
fact is she took on Trump in the debate
and she she didn't flinch and she rose
far above the Fox bar far above the Fox
bar and I think she's an excellent
broadcaster she was good at broadcasting
at that show but we elevated her because
she was one of the people on Fox who
didn't rant and rave like a lunatic even
though as as you point out there were
many instances where she said things
that would make your jaw drop but she
wasn't Sean Hannity she wasn't Bill
O'Reilly and she wasn't Lou Dobbs right
right it's a low bar but she cleared it
so easily so I think those are all the
mistakes that we make with this so one
of the other issues was when Jane Fonda
was on to promote a new movie that she's
in and I guess Anna Ann Coulter megan
kelly the asked her about her plastic
surgery Jane Fonda didn't like that I
don't really care about that I got and
she gave the cyanide her and every was
like got her yeah look it's arguably a
tough question and yeah it's a little
awkward and she gave her that stare dad
yeah but hey you know that she seems
happy it's just
and of course Fonda later said it was an
inappropriate question in that context
she said look I've done plastic surgery
I acknowledge it it's not something that
I hide at all it's just you know Robert
Redford sent next to me we're talking
about the movie it's not appropriate I'm
I I don't agree with Jane fine I like
her politics I don't like Maine Kelly's
politics but I think that what is an
appropriate time yeah it's day by the
way it's daytime television if ever
there was a time to talk about plastic
surgery I'm here I'll be the person I
disagree with both you know you want to
bring her on talk about plastic surgery
have a long-form interview about a life
they bring her and by the way Jane
Fonda's 80 she looks like that
yeah she's had plenty this just in she's
had plastic surgery and great plastic
surgery but they wouldn't ask a guy and
she has a lot of your Putin she should
ask Putin she had Putin on too then it
would have been fair that dude said sir
by the way she's 79 so you know I mean
again I interview the celebrities like
this and you just that's not if you had
two hours then maybe you'd get to it you
know getting into the business of what
what someone should ask and what they
shouldn't ask right like what's
appropriate was inappropriate no no of
course she gets to ask it but guess what
you're gonna get snapped at and it's
gonna create an awkward moment that is
not good TV it's actually awkward TV
it depends some of those are good
moments yeah I would say probably not
all right now final final thing and I
think this actually added to the quality
of the show there was a mishap with one
of the cameramen during one of the
episodes we have a video of it
let's take a look a whirlwind you know
but I think what's been most fascinating
is that it a whirlwind you know but I
think what's been most fascinating is
that it said it's fun but come on that's
not up megyn kelly she didn't make the
gala there in the first week of blocking
a show yeah that's no problem no yeah
but here is what I do think is on megyn
kelly so she also addressed her ratings
or address the criticism and this is
what she said I just want to take a
moment to thank all of you for watching
this week it's
educational I've just been so delighted
that the media response which has really
been no the viewer response has been
awesome and I'm so grateful to have all
of you giving us a chance like I'm kind
of tired of everyone who gets any type
of criticism bitching and whining and
crying about the media everything's the
media's fault right like the fire chief
who decided to use the n-word on
Facebook to refer to you know NFL
players who refuse to stand during the
national anthem you know it's not his
fault that he used the n-word and then
was forced to resign it's the media's
fault no he's not the media's fault take
some freakin responsibility for your
actions
same with megyn kelly and by the way
it's not as serious with megyn kelly but
your ratings suck they're not good well
first of all I I don't I saw that actual
clip and she was cute I thought she was
like because she was like a joke she was
saying you know I'm so delighted in the
media know and the audience laughed she
was like she was like saying yeah I know
the media gave me a hard time then she
was like I'm just grateful vol you thank
you and her ratings are very comfortable
they're down 4% an audience down 11% in
the news demo from the same time last
year the exact same day last year but
that that was the day of the Trump
Clinton debate and everything in News
was massively massively spiked so her
numbers are very consistent and we don't
know we'll find out in months whether
people are interested in going to NBC
and and and and watching megyn kelly I
think Jake yeah it can be fair yeah I
just I really think the media isn't
there picking so she did a softball
interview with Lyle Menendez too that's
the charge and she asked like was there
joy in your life whatever I don't know
man these the guys in prison that's not
that crazy a question so and by the way
I Got News for you the rest of the media
this giant softball interview after a
softball interview so like now you
realize there's softball interviews on
NBC so cry me a river yeah I'm with you
and that the difference with Alex Jones
because that's a that was a newsmagazine
show right and that's why the that the
world came down on her Dow Jones of the
year the president Lau Menendez amen
he locked up we know he did it that case
is settled there's no really tough
question to ask out while Menendez yeah
did you
well yeah the more interesting thing
here is it for there is how's your life
in prison that if you want to interview
him that that's what the interesting
thing is so yeah and I think she's an
excellent broadcaster I do so I like to
speak tactically she's good at being a
broadcaster like literally it's a hard
job not everybody can do it and she's
got she has a deafness to her I just
think all these TV guys are so useless
they're reading from their prompters and
stuff I just look okay but it like these
like general like oh we hired her
because she has a great smile oh yeah
yeah yeah okay so okay so look and her
thing your audience that's great there's
nothing wrong with that her saying that
the audience response has been terrific
is just that that's not really true
because the ratings are down again good
context as to why the ratings might be
down but but you can't say no the
audience has been great to me
we have no sample size we'll find out in
months whether they're successful and
what warrant what counts as successful
now in the world TV is is is you need a
much smaller number to be successful
yeah I yeah she's conservative and
that's you know you'd make of that
whatever you like I don't like okay but
and I think that people aren't
nitpicking her a little bit I just and I
think what they accuse of her of the
mainstream media does all the time in
other contexts as well so if I was NBC I
just let her be whoever she is and yet
and that might turn out to be a more low
sim show but probably better rated it's
just because it'll be more genuine if
you like this video you love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
comm slash join
