john bolton told the International
Criminal Court recently that they better
not investigate any of the war crimes
committed by the United States
okay now let's think about that just
saying we got we have this body this
international body that that's their job
we're gonna you know we're gonna
investigate edr men we're gonna
investigate Assad we're gonna
investigate if you do wrong in in the
anywhere in the world and it looks like
a war crime we're gonna investigate you
but Bolton that weird peculiar oddball
of a character that Trump of appointed
the very scariest position you know this
guy has a lot of power and so what he's
trying to do is he's trying to bully his
way and say don't investigate anybody
now one person you and I have talked
about there's a lot of people they can
investigate they can investigate you
know Shane himself
Bolton himself I was just going to go
there Shanee Bolton all of the people
that were involved in Iraq one person
that I want to bring out here though
that it's just such an irony to me is
you have all of the progressives all we
love Brannon now how many stories
did we do about Brennan when before the
Liberals embraced him as being such an
important character before you appeared
on Bill Maher and Bill Maher's trying to
make him look like he's this is a really
decent guy you talk about a war criminal
this guy was a war criminal but now
since he speaks out against Trump all of
a sudden oh no he's kind of the darling
of the Democratic Party he's like
clapper the darling of the Democratic
Party in other words the entire spook
industry who liberals have always had
the good sense myself included I've
always had the good sense to understand
they are dangerous go back to the church
hearings you look at the church hearings
they'll show you just how dangerous it
is when we let the spook industry do
what they do so that's that's the heart
of this story I got to promise you the
heart of the boltons story where he
tells that you know he says don't
investigate war crimes is because it it
moves right into the very heart of the
United States spooking
industry and you know who's in there
Brennan well you've you've got Brennan
who was one of the architects of the
Bush torture regime
John you Alberto Gonzalez Gina Haspel
yeah who's now the CIA director exactly
she she helped kind of a evil woman man
affected the the black site torture
spots ran one of them yeah and those are
the people those are all Bolton's
friends because he did it with them
that's the plats the point I'm trying to
make yeah but it's not you see you want
to go to the easy stuff you want to say
oh well you know they don't want to
Cheney investigated they don't Bush
investigate no this is about the spook
industry trying to protect the spook
industry we don't want any more stories
like a yen day where the United States
assassinates a yen day after he is
elected and Pinochet is then appointed
by the United States and he does this
horrendous the the just the worst kind
of dictator just a murderer I mean
truthfully if you look at the Pinochet
stories they're blood-curdling we put
Pinochet there okay we there was a time
when that was important to progressives
progressives would say this is how
dangerous the spook industry is Henry
Kissinger made this happen assassinated
a yen day okay now Bolton is saying to
the people that would ordinarily look at
that he's saying don't investigate us
because it is the heart of the spook
industry the FBI the CIA the NSA all of
these characters that they just operate
beyond anybody's sight now I think now
they're they're regarded as the deep
state
you know that's sometimes you'll hear
them they're part of the deep state well
the truth is Bolton is very afraid of
independent investigations into that
deep state
you know spook industry that's what this
story's about if I as I read this right
and he didn't just tell the ICC that you
you shouldn't investigate us and this is
basically regarding all the pictures we
saw from Abu Ghraib and what happened to
ghetto but he also they issued a warning
to other countries around the world
old telling them if you do yeah if you
cooperate with this and extradite any of
our people over to the Hague you're
gonna face very serious consequences
from the United States so this it it's
obvious he wants to cover up there's no
question we committed war crimes we have
the photographic evidence to prove it we
have the testimonies that the memos from
the White House to prove it
so we know what happened and the only
reason he doesn't want it to be
investigated it's not because he doesn't
want you know the little soldier here or
there who did it to go to prison is
because it's gonna uncover a hell of a
lot more than what we I got to tell you
there's a lot of parts of this story but
as I read this story it is about the
it's about Boulton protecting American
spooks that's what it's about it's it's
the heart of the CIA the heart of The
Clapper types the Brennan types all
these people that we're now embracing
progressives are embracing all these
guys were heroes how crazy is that this
is who he's worried about being
investigated they always think well the
enemy of my enemy is my friend not when
that enemy is a war crow you're right
you gotta get all the line so yeah and i
think drawing it at war criminals yeah
it sounds pretty safe yeah well yeah we
have about a couple of minutes here
Brett Kavanaugh is in siding and well
inciting a lot ank's but he's inching
closer and closer to being confirmed in
spite of the recent allegations against
him and not only is Cavanaugh a threat
to women he's a threat to every consumer
in this country this story tells the
other part that's not being talked about
eighty-three per se T seven percent of
the time Cavanaugh always lines up for
corporations if it's a consumer versus a
corporation 87 % no matter how
horrendous the conduct is he will side
with corporation yeah this you know
Public Citizen did a great job they put
together this great list in seven out of
seven cases involving victims suing for
compensation over police or human rights
abuses
every single time Cavanaugh goes with
the police against the victims fifteen
to seventeen involving worker rights he
sided with the corporation
11 of 13 environmental cases sides with
the corporations 18 of 22 on consumer or
regulatory issues sides with
corporations Channel Cavanaugh is a punk
yeah okay
we're finding out now how much of a punk
is this these hearings taking place this
is some really this is some cuckoo
activity on his bar it doesn't have
anything to his law it has to do with
him being a nut yeah this this guy may
actually be a little bit off in this the
story as it continues to unfold about
this woman it says look you know
basically he and his pal tried to rape
me and I thought he's gonna kill me very
important story we're gonna be talking
about that probably the moral is this
continue to develop I'm Mike Papantonio
here with fair and cousins you're
watching Ring of Fire
we'll be right back
