I'm in Miami and and they it's a
normal-looking Latino guy okay Anna's
already interested and I said oh it's
South Beach so is there like you got
wild and crazy stories think yeah I
guess so
and he's like you know I've had sex with
three different women in the uber and I
was like wait no that's not a little
interesting that's super interesting
what in the world is going on right and
every single time and again it's his
version of the story but I believe in me
dude was no bullshit guys upset a bunch
of other stuff right he's like oh we
were we had these girls in the car and
they from out of town and they just
wanted to have fun and one of the girls
is like no you got to come up to my
hotel room and fuck me you've got to
please please please and he's like all
right that's weird that's one of those
rare occasions where the uber tips the
person in the car tip but just the tip
he said there was four four girls in the
car and but one of them oh one of them
was being a jerk to him but the other
one was like oh I'm so sorry about my
friend become mad sex with me okay well
that's very nice yeah and then a second
story I was incredibly similar to that
and and then a third story where the
girl was really insistent I think they
were from Philly or something uh-huh and
her friend had been even like worse and
like she had to calm down and she's like
look I'll just give you a book okay well
that seems fair okay so like crazy shit
is happening in ubers yeah Christian's
never gonna drive an uber
