so it turns out that the Facebook group
United Muslims of America was actually
none of those things in fact a new
report from The Daily Beast has traced
it back to the Russian government the
account was just a front to reach
American Muslims and their allies
sources confirmed that the imposter
account bought Facebook advertisements
to reach its target audience it promoted
political rallies aimed at Muslim
audiences and used the Twitter account
Muslims in USA and the Instagram account
Muslim Voice to pass along inflammatory
memes under the cover of the UM a the
Twitter account has been suspended in
the account on Instagram which is owned
by Facebook was shuttered at around the
same time as the Facebook page now these
trolls actually ran this account
simultaneously along with other accounts
that were viewing Islamophobic messages
to right-wing audiences on Facebook so
very busy trolls and of course this was
used to influence the u.s. voting public
the real you ma is a california-based
nonprofit that promotes interfaith
dialogue and political participation
through its over 30 years old it's
currently non-functional so that was
sort of why some people believe that
this Facebook group was credible because
you could look them up online and they
had some sort of basis in fact they had
even had organizational meetings
including congressman Democrat Andre
Carson who spoke out about this saying
unfortunately it appears that the United
Muslims of America is one of many
organizations that was unfairly targeted
by Russia in their attempt to influence
the 2016 presidential election this was
a pretty sizable Facebook group as well
the Facebook group accumulated almost
three hundred thousand Facebook
followers and all they did with this was
to spew some fake news which I don't
want to perpetuate here but it was all
fake it was all sort of and now
the conversation has turned a little bit
to who should we be holding responsible
what is Facebook's culpability in this
group being able to perpetuate these
falsehoods so two weeks ago it refused
to commit to an expanded public
explanation even as legislators
investigating Russian interference in
the election showed great interest in
public testimony that position eroded
further last week when founder Mark
Zuckerberg committed to sharing the ads
themselves with Congress rather than the
descriptions of them they may have thus
far provided lawmakers the executive
director of the civil rights group
Muslim advocates says Facebook has a
responsibility to be part of the saloon
especially when their platform is being
used to sow misinformation hate and
division it is insufficient for them to
notify Congress and walk away so there
is a lot to break down here where do you
guys fall in this conversation with
Facebook's responsibility well I want to
elaborate a little further on you know
the sophistication of this page and and
the trolls behind it because it's not as
easy as finding a page that looks like a
little suspicious and then shutting it
down
because what they really did was the
vast majority of posts that they put up
there were legitimate posts right and
they they weren't divisive in any way
they weren't suspicious in any way and
that was how this page built its
credibility among its followers and then
all of a sudden when you at least expect
it boom here is you know here's a fake
news story that's so outrageous you know
the US government is funding Isis when
it was an example of that specific
politicians are working with Isis just
things that had absolutely no evidence
no proof whatsoever but if the page is
building credibility among its followers
then you know something like that
wouldn't seem as suspicious or at least
it wouldn't raise as many red flags and
what if it was just a page that's
pushing out all these like nonsense
conspiracy theories it's terrible what
they're doing it's terrible but I mean
it's a good job being terrible you know
in a certain point you're like when you
watch the Americans you're like you guys
lived a very regular life except for the
part where you're spying for the Russian
government the amount of discipline it
takes the extra work as you say to set
up all these things that make it seem
real like it is textbook spy craft on a
digital textbook essentially it is all
those things where you just make people
get lulled into this sense and it kind
of makes you feel bad for like the basic
ass names of all the organizations that
happen in America like the United Muslim
front of people who are nice and it's
crazy that they were able to get the
names like the the Russian group was
able to get it and then the actual group
united muslims of america had to get
facebook.com slash united muslims of
america um a right that's right yeah so
you know they again these trolls these
Russian trolls pose
as if they were imposters and while they
were running this page they were also
simultaneously running other pages that
would fear monger about the Muslim
community and so this was all meant to
add to the division in the country and
also to lead to a certain level of chaos
and misinformation that would make it
difficult for the average American who
might not follow politics as closely to
make an informed decision in the past
and even the average American that might
follow politics closely they could do a
Google search and this would pass the
smell test of like oh this is a
legitimate organization why wouldn't
this be their Facebook page especially
when you get to a certain level of
followers I think as well most people
sort of believe that other people will
have done the research right oh if a
hundred thousand people are following
this page I bet one of them has looked
this up or a couple of them will look
this up so it's probably credible and
that's how they got to nearly 300,000
followers that's simple that we're
probably sharing their memes memes are
very share worthy and popular on
Facebook and there were a lot of people
perpetuating and following through on
this this false narrative yeah and I
think I think another potential solution
and I think the solution needs to be
comprehensive meaning that there's a
number of different factors to take into
consideration but one thing that I think
we need to really consider is the way
legitimate journalists do their jobs and
and what I mean by that is there are
stories that are incredibly complex
nuanced and not black or white and and
the way that the media covers certain
stories is not nuanced does not go into
specific details treats every story as
if it's black or white you know you're
either on one team or the other team and
when you do that and we don't break it
down with evidence and facts well that
leads to an uninformed public right and
you need and the reason why I bring that
up is because you need Americans to be
as informed as possible so when they do
find themselves confronted with like
ridiculous conspiracy theories they're
less prone to believe it there's a
reason why someone as maniacal and crazy
as Alex Jones has a fan base right like
it's
it blows my mind but I mean if you're
being fed superficial lackluster
coverage of really complex issues I
think you're just more prone to falling
for these crazy conspiracy theories
there's a temptation to just put a lot
of luster on good reporting and it flies
in the face of a tradition of good
reporting being quite non lustrous yeah
being very bland and everyone will say
like you know what you should watch it
60 minutes and you should absolutely
watch 60 minutes it's some of the best
investigative reporting and then and
then there's the school of thought
that's like you should watch vice and
then vice is like really shining and
it's gotten better believe me yeah but I
still think too frequently that is
taking an idiot and having them
interview an asshole and that's your
segment well yeah I think we need it
stuff because the we need to get better
at investigating stuff but it is putting
a lot of responsibility on the average
American to really look at the process
by which they verify information and and
I I don't think it's too much to ask but
really I mean the Russians who
identified this early developed a
strategy to exploit it and did it so
successfully like it reminds me of
whenever there is a a speech after you
lose a game and your coach takes you
aside and goes listen they had a really
good game plan but we also play like
crap and that's what I feel like I feel
like the Russian have a really great
game plan with this yeah I think when
you when you you know look at the amount
that they spent on Facebook ads compared
to the overall political spend it's a
small amount but I think if we're really
where we are as a country in terms of
being susceptible to this kind of
movement then we just need to up our
game yeah I apps I 100% agree and this
isn't just you know a criticism of other
news organizations this is also a moment
of self-reflection for someone like me
you know Brett and I were talking about
it earlier and it's like what can we do
to improve the way we do our job the way
that we report the news the way we you
know get the information out there do we
do these stories justice are we detailed
enough these are all things that are
constant
you know circulating in my mind because
I want to make sure that you know we do
right by our audience and you know
future viewers who might come across
some of our content it's so important
now more than ever and you know the way
you know print journalism has devolved
is also a little concerning you know
three three paragraphs on one of the
most complex issues and they're done
they're done right it's because they're
churning out 15 articles a day and so
look not to call out media I mean it's
just the first publication that comes to
mind but like they'll do the most
superficial coverage of everything and
I'm like what's the context of the story
pop triggers the same way I don't do any
research I just I'm just kidding okay
well I'm pop triggers you know culture
so it's it's a little bit of a different
animal but yeah sorry to derail it but
but yeah I there's also this dynamic at
work where and this is just my feeling
my read of the land is that people
already know what they want to believe
and all you're looking for is like a
stat or a headline just a little info
pellet that you can put into your crappy
little BB gun and fire off at people
yeah during arguments
that'll reinforce your preconceived
notions yeah which is why as painful as
it is you know one thing that I've been
more I guess more open to doing and I do
it every day is listening to
conservative shows and conservative
commentators and I do it because every
once in a while there's a point that
someone makes that makes me think oh I
hadn't considered that let me
investigate it right because I don't
want to be stuck in any type of
ideological bubble and I think we as
Americans are are more prone to doing
that now more than ever and so just be
open to the other side yeah yeah qit
membership gets you commercial free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
