scientists may have found a way to
diagnose chronic traumatic
encephalopathy say that three times fast
in athletes while they are still alive
so as of now you can only make a CTE
diagnosis post mortem CTE is the
degenerative brain disease that afflicts
many professional football players and
other athletes who have sustained
repeated blows to the head now there is
a breakthrough potentially researchers
from Boston University School of
Medicine have identified an inflammatory
protein circulating in spinal fluid that
may reflect the presence of CTE in
patients brains the telltale protein
called CLL 11 appears likely to make its
way into the bloodstream where it might
readily reveal the presence of a
degenerative process akin to premature
aging in the brain now the lead
researcher as dr. Ann McKie was also a
co-author of a study published on
Tuesday in the journal PLoS ONE
she is directing at Boston University's
medical school's chronic traumatic
encephalopathy Center which recently
revealed it found evidence of the
degenerative disorder in 110 of 111
professional football players who
donated their brains to the program upon
their death so just taken that that
number 110 out of 111 this is this is
Major
among other objectives researchers will
need to demonstrate that the protein
they've zeroed in on is a reliable sign
of CTE and that it can distinguish CTE
from other degenerative brain diseases
and they must understand more precisely
how levels of CLL 11 that can be
measured in the bloodstream reflect
those present in the brain the new study
also found that CLL 11 levels in the
prefrontal prefrontal brain regions of
football players rose as a function of
more years spent on the gridiron in the
brains of former pro football players
who played longest levels of the protein
were generally higher than levels in the
brains of players with fewer years on
the field so we're seeing a pretty
strong correlation already but there's
still a lot of research left to be done
this is what she said in her closing
remarks it's looking more and more
likely that the tiny vessels that carry
oxygen to the brains farthest recesses
become leaky and compromised so looking
for the downstream effects of such
leakiness seemed like a promising towel
for CTE but there are still a ways to go
Brad
I know that you are a big football fan
yes that's so I I was wondering when I
was reading this through if this study
proves true if they are able to confirm
this which it looks like they're on
their way to do what would this mean for
the NFL how do you think the NFL would
respond to this sort of scientific data
so the NFL has a long legacy of not
really responding to scientific data
yeah I'm having there be a long gap
between when everyone's kind of like hey
we should look deeper into this the the
long amount of time it took to have the
the the official concussion study
revealed versus also to have it actually
carried out I I just hope that people
aren't just solely waiting for the NFL
to take the lead on this I mean it just
seems when you see numbers like 110 of
100 and level for 111 former players
brains were affected by it now bear in
mind that was not a random sample that
was people who had been playing in the
NFL who had submitted whose families and
whatnot had submitted the brains to be
inspected but there's also a large
occurrence within people who were
playing in college kids who played at a
much younger age so all of the arrows
seem to be pointing in this direction
things I think that the NFL can continue
to do I mean as much as people say that
it's ruining the sport I think making
the rules such that you're not getting
hit in the head as repeatedly as
possible this year they invented another
new helmet the game like isn't that what
they do they just run into each other
with their heads they do not they not
just run away
I don't watch football at all so I mean
it's it's actually it appears it's
gotten difficult at times to watch
football
I watched the Stanford UCLA a game or I
think it was when there were three calls
in a row of what's called targeting
where you hit the guy in the head and
when you watch it that's just part
that's what I'm saying so it's illegal
now illegal they want you to get points
for and no one really understands the
rule right now is the problem because
the natural feel what they tell you to
do is hit him
loh don't lead with the crown of your
helmet pull your head back and hit with
your chest so that you're not just
hitting each other ahead
however there it seems to be an instinct
when you're running down the sidelines
granted I am a fan of football but never
played football much to my father's
disappointment but not really was they
lower their head right before impact and
it creates these incidents where no one
really meant to do it but it's it's hard
to you know legislate it on the field so
why do they lower their head is it just
you know habit is it instinct like well
they're changing the rules now so they
have to reteach it for a lot of people
and then also like what you would do if
you have a helmet I mean it's pop a lot
of these guys like brace for impact yeah
and once you start bracing for impact
you make a decision and go a direction
now if you go the same direction as the
other guy shit's going down you know
like that's that's the challenge but you
know cigarettes cause lung cancer if you
get involved in a certain to a certain
extent you're opting in now it puts you
in a difficult position somewhat ba
because cigarettes aren't like the one
way out of poverty for a lot of people
or the one way to create like ants but
it is the one way to create a community
for certain people right but at a
certain point this needs to be the kind
of common knowledge as we qualify it
knowing that this officials the official
numbers aren't all the way in but along
the way we make ourselves ready and make
our decisions based on the information
that we have and the information that we
have seems to imply that footballs
dangerous and it's extremely dangerous
for former players or for people who you
know end up having CTE
Wow you know a lot about this I don't
press it I didn't study any of that
going in and that's the thing about
being a football fan is you discover
that you have opinions about things
mm-hmm my favorite fun facts about Brett
is if he knows a ton about football yes
all right well this is a good
development in the medical field so
Mendeley they do continue studying it
and find a surefire way of identifying
diagnosing CTE while players are still
living because who knows Mike there
might be ways to mitigate it that go
beyond what can be done during the game
you know and so that's I don't know what
that would be but I'm just throwing it
out there the more we know the better
you know we we can mitigate things and
remember CTE is known to cause severe
mood swings suicidal thoughts violent
behavior and so around the time that the
CTE story broke there were a lot of
instances of NFL players who were caught
up in domestic violence issues and so
you know is that playing a role you know
of course that's a possibility and so
mitigating the effects of CTE preventing
CTE is so important not just for these
players but the people around them as
well watch the young turks
commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
