there have been a record high number of
cases of STDs in the United States
according to the CDC in 2016
yikes in 2016 Americans were infected
with more than 2 million new cases of
gonorrhea syphilis and chlamydia the
highest number of these sexually
transmitted diseases ever reported
reported the Centers of the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention said
Tuesday the agency's annual sexually
transmitted disease surveillance report
shows that more than 1.6 million of the
new cases were from chlamydia and then
470 thousand or from gonorrhea and
nearly 28,000 cases were primarily work
for primary and secondary syphilis the
most infectious stages of the disease
according to the CDC
while all of these can be cured by
antibiotics many people go undiagnosed
and on treated going on from that I know
it's bleak it gets worse Anna I promised
the CDC estimates there are more than 20
million new cases of STDs in the United
States each year at least half occur in
young people ages 15 to 24 so David
Harvey the executive director of the
National Coalition of STD directors has
said this is very preventable and he
knows exactly what's going on this is
what he says several factors are fueling
the STD epidemic funding cutbacks for
prevention education health care
programs an ongoing debate about sex
education new young people I know with
cutbacks in that arena particularly from
this administration and the rise of
social media dating apps have all
contributed to the rise another reason
that they cite is the lack of symptoms
for these diseases and a failure of
practitioners to educate their patients
on what to look for that there's a lot
that is troubling here I want to get
y'all's reaction but for me I was very
troubled by the fact that there is there
are some practitioners who might not
have the time or the resources are to
educate their patients on what they need
to look for that's I mean you go to get
health care you expect health care right
I mean yes that worries me but I think
what's even more important is that young
people get the education that they need
to prevent this and so if you focus
primarily on abstinence only education
where you don't allow teachers or
particular schools to teach about
you know birth control or STD prevention
well then guess what's gonna happen STD
rates are gonna shoot up a teen
pregnancies will increase and you know
my favorite case study that I love to
bring up whenever this type of debate
happens is you know the comparison of
Mississippi versus New Hampshire when it
comes to teen pregnancies teen
pregnancies are very high in Mississippi
because they only allow abstinence only
sex education whereas in New Hampshire
which is a state that has one of the
lowest rates in teen pregnancy they only
allow comprehensive sex ed where they
say yeah you know you should probably
avoid having casual sex and you should
probably wait as long as possible but in
case you don't let us give you the
information necessary to protect
yourself now that not only prevents
unwanted pregnancies it also prevents
the spread of STDs well in some of these
like syphilis in the 1940s was
considered a disease of the past so we
how we have regressed as a nation is
very alarming and I absolutely agree
with you and I think that it always be
the way the combat ignorant and
outbreaks like this is through education
and there should be comprehensive sex
education in the United oh I totally
agree
but by the way one other thing I know
that this study didn't mention a HPV but
did you guys know that men carry HPV and
you can't diagnose it in men and and by
the way it it could have some
devastating ramifications for men there
have been cases of you know penile
cancer and throat cancer and stuff like
that so it's like really really bad when
you can't diagnose it ahead of time and
treat it but then also if you don't
diagnose it in men and they're going off
having unprotected sex with women
they're spreading it to women and guess
what you can diagnose it in women and it
could lead to cervical cancer so it's
just there's a lot of issues with this
story and it's devastating ask your
doctor about the HPV vaccine for
yourself or your kids
way to go chlamydia what an underdog
story for chlamydia to be in the
background people forgot about it and
now one point six
million new cases hats off to chlamydia
and you know why people get chlamydia
it's because they take their hats off
put a Jimmy hat on it wear a rubber
don't look don't get chlamydia silent
killer syphilis I will say it was
eradicated in 1940's essentially we move
past it no make America great again
let's get back to the days of syphilis
or chlamydia or whichever one that
applied to oh also another thing that
they address here that I think is
important is reducing the stigma
surrounding STDs and having
conversations about sexually transmitted
diseases and making that more accessible
and people more open to engaging and
talking about health care even health
care that might make you feel
uncomfortable to talk about it is so
important do you have an STD sex
education in school uh well you know
that I went to school in Belgium yeah
that's what I mean is in Belgium we're
both valley ya know we did we had a
large sex ed was was very comprehensive
at my school and it was a Christian
school a small Christian school in
Waterloo Belgium so good for them
because they they're definitely
definitely could've swung the other way
like a small Christian international
school it's sort of been run by nuns
would have been the other way but it was
very comprehensive almost too much so I
love nurse er Olins I still remember her
because we were very familiar with how
they have to clean a penis of things you
know go wrong in that way and clean a
penis and now I'm gay so I remember we
and I went to Catholic school and we had
sex ed classes and I remember one
everyone got a we had a Simon xx Jess DD
and I remember the one for herpes which
was herpes HSV - which was a little
herpes virus with eyes that said a
little conversation bubble and it went I
let John Deer genitals and I never go
away so I remember that and it it scared
me away from sex for way longer than
cool people get scared away from us a
little bit of information like that
I mean herpes can't be cured but like
that you can never get it's an incurable
disease so careful disease yeah it you
can have a flare-up that disappears
don't get me wrong Ana I know about it
anyway um look this hasn't been laughs
me that's a stigma that's the that's the
stigma I was funny man just very quickly
I just wanted to mention this hasn't
been investigated but what I'm curious
to see is whether or not the heroin
epidemic might play a role in the spread
of STDs as well because sexually
transmitted diseases don't necessarily
have to be transmitted sexually right so
who knows
I I I'd really like to see a study into
that as well if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm slash join
