Hugh Hefner has passed away he died on
Wednesday at his home in the Playboy
Mansion in the Hobie Hills area of Los
Angeles he was 91 here's a little bit
about him
Hefner the man and the Hefner the man
and playboy the brand were inseparable
both advertise themselves as emblems of
the sexual revolution and escaped from
American priggishness and wider social
intolerance both were derided over the
years as vulgar as adolescent as
exploitative and finally as
anachronistic but Hefner was a stunning
success from the moment he emerged in
the early 1950s he will be buried in
Westwood Memorial Park in Los Angeles in
a mausoleum drawer he had bought next to
Marilyn Monroe Marilyn Monroe really
launched the publication of Playboy he
had a purchased a nude photo of Marilyn
Monroe and he bought it for $500 and it
is now an infamous photo known across
the world so what was your reaction to
hearing about the passing of Hugh Hefner
it's we've talked about this on pop
tracker and you were absolutely right
when it's you said it's like the end of
an era mmm it's just like yeah you know
he was and I like he would always show
up and stuff he would may was the Cameo
King you know everything from episodes
of Entourage to like Beverly Hills Cop
it was just it was someone who did so
many crazy things there's one quote that
I was like in 1953 this from the USA
Today obituary in 1953 a time when
states could legally ban contraceptives
when the word pregnant was not allowed
on I Love Lucy Hefner published the
first issue of Playboy featuring
negative issues of Marilyn Monroe yeah
yeah by the way you mentioning I Love
Lucy made me realize you know they
wouldn't even show Lucy and Desi like in
the same bed together they were sleeping
in separate beds like that's how prudish
the country was at that time and so for
someone like Hugh Hefner to come along
and do what he did with Playboy you know
it was risky you know I want to say
ballsy but that's the right context it
was it was just risky and and he the
from
the most memorable thing was when he
talked about having sex with a man to
experiment he said that in an interview
and I thought that was so courageous
right because you know he doesn't
identify as gay but we know when it
comes to sexual experimentation when it
comes to women experimenting with
same-sex relations it's you know sexy
and it's accepted men don't get that
same type of social support and for him
to come out and say that that he
experimented and it was a really his
thing I thought was it was pretty brave
and Amir brought up a short story that
they ran where they switched the
prevalence of like homosexuality and
heterosexuality and it was the
homosexuals that were stigmatizing the
heterosexuals and that gave people a
perspective to see what if the shoe was
on the other foot and for all the talk
about the pasta the idea that Hugh
Hefner led to the objectification of
women and culture which is a good
conversation to have the fact that we
have conversations like that is thanks
to playboy who in a time when you
couldn't say pregnant on TV made it so
that we were faced with these kinds of
things yeah and I think that's sort of
what we talked about in pop sugar as
well where he had such a such an amazing
life he did so much it doesn't mean that
all of it was good but when someone
passes I think it's okay to celebrate
their achievements and then also have
Carly you have conversations about
things that maybe we are critical of her
that we aren't that we do disagree with
because no one is here saying that Hugh
Hefner was a perfect person but I was
you know but I would hope that when
someone passes you give them that
dignity is celebrating the good
achievements that they had in their life
well there's some that don't get that
for another day if you like this video
you probably like independent media the
best way to support independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
