Gary Cohn who is of course Donald
Trump's economic adviser and also the
National Economic Council director is
now making his rounds in the media
supporting tax cuts he claims tax cuts
for the middle class but if you read the
proposal as it is so far it's tax cuts
for pretty much everyone except for the
lowest earners in America who at the
moment pay 10% in taxes but would end up
paying 12% in taxes should this proposal
get passed by Congress
now Gary cone is an interesting fellow
used to be the president of Goldman
Sachs he is the epitome of the swamp
okay he still has swamp slime all over
his body as he's doing these press
interviews so let's listen to him talk
to Stephanopoulos about what
Stephanopoulos first name again George
George so let's let's take a look at
Gary Cohen and his explanation of these
tax cuts to George Stephanopoulos
can you tell middle-class families
watching right now it's they a family of
four earning $55,000 how much they will
save under the president's plan
look our tax plan is purely aimed at
middle-class families a typical family
of four earning $55,000 in America day
is going to have a substantial tax
decrease here in the state of New York
the top tax official here in the city of
New York says that nearly half of the
middle-class families earning between 50
and 75 thousand dollars are actually
going to get a tax increase here in New
York City because you eliminate the
deduction of state and local taxes well
George if you look at the reality of the
country as a whole less than 20 less
than 25 percent of the families in
America itemize so we're solving for the
country as a whole so the only the
people that itemize today which are less
than 25 percent of the families in
America today itemized so they're the
only ones that are actually taking the
deduction for the state and local taxes
we're solving for the greater good of
the country but what you have to look at
is you have to look at what we did in
its entirety you have to look at this
planets
if I'm hearing you correctly you can't
guarantee that no middle-class family
will get a tax increase there will be
middle-class families you get a tax
increase under your plan correct George
there's an exception to every rule
so that's a yes but look I can't
guarantee anything you can always find a
unique family somewhere okay so as I
mentioned on yesterday's show when we
initially covered this tax proposal
there are so many details that still
need to be sussed out so that includes
what they plan on doing with corporate
tax loopholes which corporate tax
loopholes are they going to do away with
but in regard to middle-class families
and the question of whether or not some
middle-class families would end up
paying more in taxes there is a huge
possibility that that will happen so
just to give you the numbers when it
comes to the total percentage of
Americans who do deduct state and local
taxes it's about 30% of Americans 29.3%
to be absolutely specific that's
according to the Tax Policy Center now
that includes rich people and
middle-class families as well to be fair
but you also have to keep in mind that
the states that tend to have higher
state taxes are usually blue states
right so California is at the top of
that list Oregon is also at the top of
that list and so these are individuals
who do deduct you know when they file
for their taxes because it does make a
difference and so if they get rid of
that okay you want to get rid of that
deduction what are you gonna do when it
comes to these corporations because you
haven't been specific about that you
haven't been specific about what you
would do to the Corp the you know the
richest people and how they take
advantage of these loopholes now another
thing that I wanted to quickly mention
is that you know Cohn claims no no it's
not a tax cut for the wealthy except it
is and I'll tell you why so let's go to
graphic eight the Trump plan would lower
the top tax rate from thirty nine point
six percent to thirty five percent
though it also leaves open the
possibility of a higher rate for the
super wealthy the possibility so let me
get this straight
oh we're gonna
to Congress which is as corrupt as it
could possibly be with the legalized
bribery we have in the country
we leave it up to them and they could
possibly add one more bracket for the
highest income earners in the country no
that's not gonna happen I'm not even
being pessimistic I'm being realistic
but we all look in Congress trying won't
go for this extra super high tax rate
that'll affect most of them in
everything and the estate tax the estate
tax
okay sad actually is spelled out that
they're planning to eliminate the estate
tax shocker yeah yeah so they want to do
with it do away with the estate tax and
who would that benefit would it possibly
benefit Donald Trump and his family yeah
I think so so let's go to the next video
where Cohen addresses that a little bit
the president has also said that wealthy
will not get a tax cut in the plan he
says that he himself will not get a tax
cut under the plan or his family won't
get when he said that you won't get one
as well but look at the front page of
USA Today right now it says the Trump
could reap millions from his own tax
planet you've got a look at the remember
we also put a the ability for Congress
to put a forth tax rate in place a
fourth tax rate on wealthy Americans
very high earners if we need to take
more money from high earners and
transfer to middle-class Americans to
make sure that middle-class Americans
are getting a tax cut we've given
Congress the ability to do that
he says believe me I won't be getting a
tax cut can you guarantee the President
Trump won't get a tax cut under this
plan George when we've looked at the tax
plan and we look what it does for
Americans we are very confident that
Americans are getting a great deal here
we have also said that wealthy Americans
are not getting a tax debt well the
wealthy get a tax cut or not the wealthy
are not getting a tax cut under our plan
that's not the evidence that's out there
so far but of course there are a lot of
details yet to come as you have pointed
out the way that I read several things
about how this can work is the way that
they point out they want to have regular
Americans put their tax their taxes on a
postcard and do both sides and turn it
in
um haven't about that first just like
that over a decade right I'm probably
been longer longer than I was even ever
paying attention to anything so the way
they want to do is that way but that
doesn't eliminate people with all kinds
of means and tax attorneys from making
it still pages full of a tax return
document that allows you to get around
all of these tax plans that you have
that you guarantee isn't going to allow
rich people to go around it but it will
so directly for Donald Trump the one
particular when it stood I'm not going
to throw out the one that stood out was
the preferential income tax rate for
pass-through corporations which there
are five hundred underneath the trumpet
meant the Trump brand so at last people
that have parts and hands into this
corporation to say well it's like a
personal income for me so it's not
really a business these small business
owners it's not my business
but it's actually my impersonal income
then I can take it a 25% rather than the
thirty nine point six that it would be
at and it's what allows them to do
whatever they want to move money right
now if you're that four person family
that makes $50,000 a year which is not
no class but which is poverty yeah I
mean think about just how much kids they
have two kids and you have school
preschool and then maybe just normal
expenses like that it's gone this is
this is fifty thousand to thirty five
thousand I mean we'll just gross yeah
cuz you know you don't go to the grocery
store and they say you know so I see you
got this much taken out of your taxes
every month the cost of this bread is
gonna be cheaper anyway I got
sidetracked so filling up paying that
much less to go around it they can pay
for these tax times to do all this stuff
there's no you have no recourse to do it
if you're just a regular person it makes
this little to nothing every year H&R
Block ain't gonna do it for you right
not I just look based on the proposal
and they're very specific when it comes
to the cuts like that's the one thing
that they are specific on so they do
plan on as you mentioned know Mickey
getting rid of the estate tax that is a
tax cut they have limited the number of
tax brackets in their proposal where
there's only you know three and so what
do you think happens to the highest
earners their taxes come down it's just
it's flat-out what's going on it's right
in front of us right and he has the
audacity to go on television and pretend
as though no no me and my cronies don't
stand to earn anything from this or gain
anything from this please cuz let's keep
it real you know it is it's a pain in
the ass to look through all this and
look at the details of how it all works
and then so the people that do the the
researchers are these detached
corporations are not corporations or or
investigators on this and in this case
George Stephanopoulos who is probably
telling the story I've always been told
already how these things work and then
after they say it they go oh that's so
complicated people at home can sit and
listen and go it sounds like there's a
pretty bad plan but then the response
all has to be is they're lying to you
fake news write names and make actually
that goes back to 1991 right before the
92 elections
read my lips no new taxes that was
thrown into the face of George Bush
arguably cost him the election to Bill
Clinton who's all about the economy
stupid so as we come into 2020 if this
tax plan is not you know played out as
fake news which I actually think is
gonna affect the majority of Republican
voters I think that is why the Democrats
need to have a clear spokesperson a
clear leader who has an alternative
economic message that keeps it about the
1% and and the tax havens and all the
stuff that they're doing to manipulate
the system so that the middle class
which barely exists now is bearing the
burden right my concern is that
Democrats for the most part with the
exception of you know people like
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders will
play ball because I mean and here's
another thing to keep in mind guys it's
Democrats in office are not poor right
like they're making some pretty good
money and so they also stand to benefit
from tax cuts also you know people who
host these cable news shows get
criticism for their incredibly
superficial coverage of stories like
this but you think that's an accident I
mean they have multi-million dollar
contracts they love it they love it
which is why I give George
Stephanopoulos some credit for you know
going after Cohen the way he did in that
interview because you don't see that
type of follow-up in you know in any
other interview
in mainstream media so these are all
things to keep in mind I think what's
important is for Americans to pay
attention to what hasn't been specified
so far and keep in mind that it hasn't
been specified for a reason why is it
that they haven't detailed to a great
extent the type of corporate tax
loopholes they plan on doing away with
remember when it comes to corporations
they want to lower the tax rate from
thirty five percent to twenty percent
which by the way right now the effective
tax rate is eighteen point seven percent
and so all right you want it you want to
increase the effective tax rate to 20
percent and do away with the loopholes
maybe I'm having a conversation but that
is not what they're doing at least
that's not how it appears at the moment
so what I'm predicting is that Donald
Trump's way of selling this because
there will be a lot of pressure on him
about this issue about you know draining
the swamp and and making it so that the
the 1% gets a fair share attack he's
gonna talk about bringing jobs back if
you want to bring jobs back you want
those corporations to not use those tax
havens and go overseas which actually
isn't as many as we think then we've got
to make sure that they have an incentive
yeah that is the scheme that is the
Republican scheme there and we have to
pay attention to that because number one
it's not as many corporations as we
think well yes and also Cohn was asked
about that today and interestingly
enough he said something about because a
reporter challenged him in a way that I
think was brilliant you know oftentimes
these tax cuts are used by these
corporate executives to buy stock to
increase their stock value to do
acquisitions they consolidate which
means that you know they'll merge with
another company and company and then lay
a bunch of people off so it's actually
counterproductive people lose jobs as a
result of these tax cuts and his
response was knurl but then though
though you know they'll reinvest it into
the stock markets and they'll help small
businesses some BS answer but that is
not what happens they don't look to
stimulate the economy they look to
stimulate themselves and there's no
integration it's amazing there was also
one last piece of this that I had marine
they they're lobbyists are these large
corporations will give tens of
really notice to politicians to do their
bidding already so then which one is it
is it that they're so broke that they
can't afford any of these taxes that
they get getting chucked down with or is
it they can spend fifty two million
dollars to lobby politicians to do their
bidding if they had that money just
throw a waiter to bring back I think
they might have it to actually reinvest
into American Britain and bringing it so
by the way also they're still also
arguing can I give anyone a raise so
these days minimum wage fights these so
which one is it like you keep telling us
these fairytales but then as soon as the
actual policies are up for debate they
go oh it means minimum wage increases
from six dollars an hour
calm down I thought you're hiring people
where's the evidence TYT membership
gives you commercial free young turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
