the Trump administration has gotten
quite a bit of criticism for its
handling of the relief efforts in Puerto
Rico
now of course hurricane Maria has
completely destroyed power and
electricity in the island and it has
also led to people panicking about their
access to clean drinking water to food
to medical supplies some individuals
have had to bury family members in their
front yard because they have no access
to services that would allow for a
proper burial things are really bad and
so the response from the US government
toward the relief effort in Puerto Rico
was very different from the response
effort over the relief effort in Houston
and in South Florida and so I'm glad
that the media has stayed on this story
and continues to pressure the Trump
administration to do something about it
and it appears that today the
administration has done something so
let's start with the first thing there
was the Jones Act the Jones Act would
essentially force Puerto Rico to receive
all of its materials and supplies for
the relief effort from US ships and as a
result it's actually hindered the relief
effort because of costs because of you
know logistical issues and so
politicians in Puerto Rico asked you
know the Department of Homeland Security
to please waive the Jones Act
temporarily so they can get what they
need for the relief effort at first the
Trump administration seemed a little
unwilling to do so in fact let's take a
look at this video of Trump addressing
that situation earlier well when
thinking about that but we have a lot of
shippers and a lot of
we have a lot of ships out there right
now okay so he just flat that's the
thing Trump's not tactful right any
other politician any other president
would find some sneaky way of making an
excuse but Trump's like yeah I mean my
cronies in the shipping industry really
want to make money off of this terrible
situation and so I'm gonna go ahead and
listen to them funny while I was
draining the swamp one day one of the
swamp creatures grabbed my leg and he
totally scared me so I said okay you get
what you want just this one time
Rico wasn't saying no no you need to
lift the Jones Act repeal the Jones Act
which by the way was passed in the 1920s
and is has cost Puerto Rico a lot they
pay 40% more for their cars they pay
hundreds of millions of dollars more for
imports from the mainland so it's been
pretty negative for the economy of
Puerto Rico and remember they don't have
the same bankruptcy protections that
states in the US have and so whatever
politicians in the in the island are
saying look just temporarily waive it so
we can get the materials we need and not
pay an arm and a leg for it
and so finally Trump and the Department
of Homeland Security agreed
Sarah Huckabee Sanders released a tweet
today saying that the President of the
United States has authorized the Jones
Act be waived for Puerto Rico it will go
into effect immediately now real quick
before you know it wasn't just liberals
that were criticizing Trump for his
response or lack thereof there were some
Republicans who also criticized him John
McCain being one of those Republicans
but Lieutenant General Russel Honore who
actually led the successful relief
efforts in her at Hurricane Katrina
following Trump's failed efforts
actually said something about what Trump
has been doing or what he hasn't been
doing and I thought this was an
incredibly strong statement I wanted to
share it with you guys let's take a look
your response to that general the
president seems concerned about the
shipping industry
I want to keep it clean that's a crime
damn shame I knew since yesterday
that big shots and Wall Streets were
making this call and the president has
shown again you don't give a damn about
poor people you know give a damn about
people of color and sob that Roger on an
Air Force One is denying services needed
by the people of Puerto Rico I hate to
say it that way but there's no other way
to say it Wow
remember when Kanye was criticized for
that yeah in fact we have the video that
you're speaking of here's Kanye
responding to Bush after his failed
relief efforts after Hurricane Katrina
take a look meaning up being the most
tragic loss of all George Bush doesn't
care about black people please call in
the past few days can we just watch that
one it's just the best video ever
bringing up being the most tragic loss
of all George Bush doesn't care about
black people please call in the past few
days misunderstanding in front of a
refrigerator it took a while to sink in
anyway that video is amazing but yeah it
was definitely a Kanye moment except it
wasn't Kanye it was you know a
Lieutenant General who went in to New
Orleans and actually you know succeed
nah I don't want to say succeeded
because there's still a lot of
devastation in in parts of New Orleans
that was damaged from the hurricane but
he actually did manage to succeed in
some things whereas Bush had very little
response and so it's it's it's
interesting to hear from him now and
hear what he has to say about another
Republican president and you know his
initial failure to really robustly
address what's going on this this always
leads to other aspects of why people are
concerned about things like the way that
Donald Trump took a couple days or at
least
seemed a bit detached from his visit
even down after Emma hid right or then
when W flew over and just looked out of
one that was a very non influenced
picture so what what people generally
need is not for the photo op opportunity
which Trump eventually did when he was
carrying supplies into the back of a
pickup truck because he's helping so
much but just you can go and see what
people are actually experiencing people
said the mayor of one of the cities in
in Puerto Rico is living in the same
conditions that her citizens are so
she's understanding what they're going
through so when she talks to people
about what's happening she's not hearing
it because someone told us because she's
living it and so she understands the
level of devastation so when a guy goes
to visit the reason you go visit is so
you don't only care about the shipping
guys in your swamp but you care about
the fuel that are there because you're
like man I don't know people were living
like this but you don't choose to go
there cuz oh and so now we can make
these as something about how you feel
about people of color because you
haven't given yourself a chance to
actually care about them you care about
through that you're closest to you just
know how that's how human nature is
people are care about gay people until
they're in their family I have a gay
cousin now so now I care about his
rights sorry no you're absolutely right
and we had signs of this during his
campaign this is a man who instead of
working the Iowa caucus which he lost he
swooped in on his jet was outside of the
caucus gave a speech and wanted
everybody to come to him so he has a
history of not getting down on the
ground with folks is like he's he's a
germaphobe but he doesn't like people
and when you're politician he doesn't
like people it's these moments yeah that
really cost you the presidency I mean
that was the turning point for George W
Bush oh girl - I hope it costs him the
presidency right because I think it's
taken a very long time for some of his
voters and I'm not talking about his
base his base is still pretty loyal to
him I'm talking about people who were
like I really don't want to vote for
Hillary Clinton so I'm gonna vote for
the other guy right so people who voted
for him are now kind of thinking wait
does he care about me because after he
got elected his response to criticisms
over why he hasn't filled his cabinet
with you know average Americans was I
don't want poor people working for me
right I mean what does that say to you
as an American who voted for him out of
you know economic desperation
and so I think this is another example
of that but you know I think I think you
also have to consider and this is just
me playing devil's advocate that a
president going to you know the
storm-stricken parts of the country is
also a little bit of a logistical
nightmare right and so there have been
politicians in Texas in Florida I
haven't really heard about it in Puerto
Rico but in other states that have been
devastated by hurricanes that have said
look actually having the president here
would be a nightmare right we're glad
that he's not coffee right and so that's
the other side of it that I want to make
sure that we represent real quick here
are the other relief efforts that have
just been announced let's go to graphic
for the more robust approach includes
the deployment of the USNS comfort a
hospital ship that has responded to
other natural disasters there are about
5,000 active duty US service members and
National Guardsmen on duty assisting in
Puerto Rico
FEMA has also released details about the
amount of aid provided to the islands
thus far including 4 million meals 6
million liters of water 70,000 tarps and
15,000 rolls of roof sheeting the agency
has said the federal personnel are
aggressively working 24 hours seven days
a week to restore power communications
and port access so the military is now
heavily involved and it seems as though
the relief efforts are taken much more
seriously and so that's good news all
around and and hopefully you know people
get the materials that they need
including fuel you know gas water fuel
and gas the same thing I acknowledge
that you know medical supplies it's it's
good to hear that there's at least
somewhat of a positive update to this
let's not forget though in Trump's
budget they want to cut FEMA of course
they do of course they do
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network's
shows and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
