let's get no me into working with TYT
yeah you have her on board for like ten
months gotcha and then get her yeah
that's what we're here for manipulative
let's introduce no McGee counts is that
am i sayin all right Const no McGee
Const here is the definition of a
politics nerd she ran for public office
when she was like 12 I think and she's
worked with CNN Fox News as a liberal as
a liberal yeah and a variety of
different outlets she is probably one of
the most experienced journalists we are
fortunate to have on board here with TYT
and she just got back from England is my
city which is a meme reference for those
of you who get it and she had the
pleasure of interviewing and getting to
smell Jeremy Corbyn and I want to ask
you about that and then there's a bunch
of other stuff to work and she's rockin
his merch that he's selling like a god
Church his friends are selling yeah all
organic cotton shoutout to Austin he
gave me this t-shirt and Brighton he's
got a company I forgot the name of it
but we'll get that yeah and you know
what before we even get into that I'm
surprised you didn't come back with a
British accent I kind of did I pick up
accents really easily so like by the
fourth day I was it was it was like
rubbing off on me I am that person
yeah lives in a place for two minutes
men do under your best impression
nobody horrible it's like do it yeah boy
Oh Jeremy carve and I can't get that out
of my head okay so the absolute boy
absolute boy you met him it was gray is
just give us recounting of your
experience there well it's really not
good I do it was my speech patterns were
changing I am glad nobody noticed it cuz
I was like noticing little bits the way
I spoke to people because it's not in be
speak English so I probably have to slow
my speech down for that it's
embarrassing it was horrible and if you
also their English was the proper
English so they probably looked at you
like who is this Philistine basically
yeah but they're all socialists oh yeah
so they were understanding
okay so yeah let's talk about that a lot
of people here probably don't know who
the Jezza the absolute boy is so just
first explain that to us like Labour
Party just can you give us a little bit
of background on that and then we'll
talk about your experience yeah so the
Labour Party is obviously there's a
parliamentary system in the UK so it's
very different than in our system it is
one of the main parties it was the party
that's probably aligned with the
Democratic Party was the Workers Party
originally just like the Democratic
Party was the Workers Party originally
and both the Labour Party and the
Democratic Party had an infusion I would
say a hostile takeover by the
neoliberals
in the in the early 80s into until
recently and now you're referring to the
American democratic party or your friend
okay so Tony Blair had this thing called
the third way we had the third way here
yeah which was an evolution of
neoliberal politics that started in the
early 80s post Carter post when he was
challenged by by Kennedy and so these
little factions the deal see the New
Democrats they all kind of emerged
together and took over as the
neoliberals of the Democrats now you
know their minority now but they're in
control
whereas in the Labor Party because
Jeremy Corbyn who was an MP since 1983 a
member of parliament since 1983 very
very very progressive they openly use
the word socialism and it's not looked
at you know that's because they're also
in the UK where they do have mostly
democratic socialist government you know
nationalized health care nationalize
medicine actually public like free
tuition public universities right so
that's part of the reason why they're
more open minded to even using that term
or as here in America people look at
that as like the weird you know black
mark that you're a socialist or what is
it I mean I guess it's like the Red
Scare and then scare it's also shifting
a bit ya know it's shifting now and I
think there's obviously and some people
have talked about this I'm just trying
to conceptualize this for those in the
audience that might not know Bernie
Sanders in German Corbin parallels
and wrong obviously like they're both
like you said experienced within their
governments they've both been around for
a very long time but still deemed
anti-establishment given the fact that
their policies and their opinions were
definitely more to the left that
wouldn't compared to everyone else but
go on with them no in the Corbin story
it was fascinating being there and
seeing the excitement for Jeremy Corbyn
who's now the leader of the Labour Party
yeah because he became he surprised
everybody got very close to Theresa May
at 40% and their there their elections
are really short they're six weeks or so
the money doesn't flow in the way that
it does you know with our elections
we're already running a presidential
campaign like a minute later so they're
in - literally and being the prime
minister when they decide to call the
elections which could be anywhere
between just a couple months from now
and five years four years so this will
be the election between Theresa May and
Jeremy Corbyn and whoever else she
decides not to run in somebody else okay
run anyway let's not get too in-depth
British politics but yeah but while but
still explain to us what your experience
was like so is it was great because
there were tremendous parallels and a
lot of folks were coming up to me and
saying well you don't want to draw the
parallels too close because they're not
that close but Oh
knowing the Bernie Sanders world very
very well and knowing the I'm on this
unity Reform Commission within the
Democratic Party to reform the party
they're doing the same thing with the
Labour Party there are a lot of
parallels you know the neoliberals what
people don't realize is that the
neoliberals had been in conversation
with each other they talked to other
folks in other countries to take oh it
had strategies to take over the party
systems like their democratic parties in
those countries and using their system
to gain power this was all strategic it
wasn't like it happened accidentally
there was a coalition of leaders and
they yeah but by the way like I mean I
personally don't think it's as nefarious
or like as calculated it's more so like
these people have been in business with
one another and their friends so it's
the same like you know boys club
mentality just amongst like capitalist
politicians or or business leader
our industry leaders that happen to be
socially progressive as long as you know
it was acceptable and pulled well but
socially progressive overall when
compared to Republicans so or whatever
the conservative party I guess is the
Tory right the Tory party in England
yeah I mean I don't think it's like this
weird like coalition of like this axis
of evil style like neoliberals get
together and have like at the Davos
summit they're talking exclusively about
how to take over the world it's more
like hey we've done business together
we're very like-minded you know this is
what we're doing in our country you
should probably think about it for your
way it actually is that I mean it's just
it the way that like movies portray
these summits it seems very nefarious
but they do meet at the Davos summit and
they do have strategy meetings about
like how they can work together and they
do share contact looks lists and they do
have Jim Messina come over and consult
with them oh I know it's just more open
it's not as secretive as everybody
thinks it's just right there and you
have to like look for it but that
doesn't mean that we're not doing the
same thing yes that's all good and great
so you guys talked about how you're
gonna spread the message of socialism in
America and how we're eventually going
to turn into a communist country like
that's what it is all about that's not
transcribed it'll be also that like you
know some Lindsey Graham can talk about
some communist
you
