you may recall that President Trump had
a less than tactful or respectful
response to Puerto Rico following
Hurricane Maria but did you know that he
also is responsible for 33 million
dollars in tax debt for Puerto Rico so
let's go back a little bit and remind
you of what his tweets worse so Texas
and Florida are doing great
both were Toriko which was already
suffering from broken infrastructure and
massive debt is in deep trouble
it is old electoral grid it's old
electrical grid which was in terrible
shape was devastated much of the island
was destroyed with billions of dollars
owed to Wall Street and the banks which
sadly must be dealt with food water and
medical our top priorities and doing
well hashtag FEMA I don't know about you
guys but it's always so clunky to read
his tweets that's so embarrassing that
it's doesn't even make sense what he
tweets right he has a hard time
formulating a sentence well because of
all that it's old electrical grid is
wrong it's IT s not IT apostrophe s so
but it's incorrect it's incorrect and
then just the notion that that you would
now decide to criticize criticize Puerto
Rico for the financial crisis that they
were in before they got hit by Hurricane
Maria it's just outrageous and it's like
what it is it's not just outrageous no
like I'm offended by I don't nobody
cares if I'm offended by it it's telling
that when people need help the most you
decide to say hey look they mismanaged
their money and it makes it seem like
he's being a little putative right
forget that they're brown right what
matters most to him is that they're poor
and do anything about it
right yeah did the wrong things about it
right or they didn't just default on a
loan and leave celica I don't know what
a territory with a 33 million dollar tax
debt but the notion that now so it's old
electrical grid which is in terrible
shape was devastated much of the island
was destroyed with billions of dollars
over to Wall Street in the banks with so
sadly must be dealt with so deal with it
so go help hey how about this let's give
them ten billion dollars we're making a
number up it's probably trash right
let's give the money this is
they're Americans they need help Porto
Ricans who no economist would argue that
the Jones Act has a lot to do with the
economic devastation that Puerto Rico
was under I'm sure there was a great
deal of mismanagement also I'm sure it's
not just the Jones Act but let's fix it
let's fix it and the first thing you do
is making sure that people are stuck in
an airport and stuck all over the island
stop being thirsty that would ease job
one and then you get that insulin and
heart medicine and everything you need
and you bring people in the United
States and it costs a tremendous amount
of money it tremendous amount of money
is a burden to American taxpayers but we
do it because that's what we do in
America particularly I think we do it to
help Mexicans but we definitely do it to
help Americans in the notion that you'd
be like yeah their electrical grid they
didn't fix it and now look I mean what
an ass that's what an ass says that's
what a bully says that's what the least
popular kid in school does that's what
the that's what you're at least that's
what a person you hate does that's what
a person you can't talk to does that's a
loathsome loathsome thing to do now you
wanna have an argument in two years
about how to bail Puerto Rico out then
you have it but we have an obligation to
help Americans and you don't complain
about their electrical grid or the
amount of money they owe to Wall Street
not right now and if you were any kind
of a man if you had any kind of
principles you just fix it yeah or you'd
start a conversation to fix it well he
has contributed to the economic crisis
in Puerto Rico so yeah yeah he
definitely has so he called them out on
Twitter back in April this isn't the
first time that he's just been a total
ass to Puerto Ricans he said in April
2017 the Democrats want to shut
government if we don't bail out Puerto
Rico and give billions to their
insurance companies or Oh care failure
No now the Florida Democratic Party
released a statement to counter this
they say Puerto Ricans are taxpaying
American citizens though it isn't
surprising that Donald Trump clearly
doesn't know those non alternative facts
Trump is simply lying the negotiations
being discussed are not a bailout but
would help provide desperately needed
access to health care for seniors and
children on the island instead of using
Puerto Rican families as scapegoats and
bargaining chips for the disastrous
Republican budget process that will
likely lead to a government shutdown he
should pay back the nearly 33 million he
owes Puerto Rican taxpayers after he
another one of his businesses defaulted
on the island now what they're referring
to is the Trump International Golf Club
of Puerto Rico which according to
Fortune borrowed 26.4 million in
governed backed bonds in order to pay
for improvements but later defaulted on
nearly a hundred and twenty thousand
dollars to bondholders in 2015 the club
filed for bankruptcy which is when Trump
who license his name to the property
desperately tried to distance himself
from the place barring his unbearable
name now of course the Trump brand has
tried to distance himself
Eric Eric Trump said we have nothing to
do with it we just we purely managed the
golf course that's not us at all but
according to BuzzFeed news Trump did
pocket hundreds of thousands of dollars
in fees from the resort so this is just
another load of yeah ad halted they
defaulted on the loan they defaulted on
the loan leaving Puerto Rican taxpayers
with a 33 million dollar tax debt okay
that's that's who Trump is and I mean
this man really he's a savvy businessman
he's a savvy businessman he's gone
bankrupt several times won't pay back
his loans continuously defaults he's a
failure through and through has
absolutely no humanity has no empathy or
compassion for Americans that are
suffering right now in at this island
it's just disgusting and so again I
think you're right Ben I think it goes
toward you know the the ethnicity the
fact that this isn't Houston this isn't
Florida or South Florida he just doesn't
care he doesn't care if those people are
suffering and by the way another thing
to keep in mind things are so dire in
Puerto Rico right now that families
unfortunately have to live with other
family members who have died who are
deceased and they can't they have no
other option they don't know what to do
so there's a dead body in their home and
they have no resources they have no food
no water
they're waiting in four-hour long lines
to get their hands on gasoline it's just
a terrible situation and we're turning
our backs on you know American citizens
US taxpayers because our president just
looks at them and thinks they're brown
they have an outdated power grid
whatever I think he thinks that
poor I think he thinks they're poor and
that doesn't Horan Brown sure I got it
I'm not arguing that this guy but I'm on
a regular basis like he you know at this
country I would have says even if even
if they were brown they're definitely
gonna be brown because they're they're
Puerto Ricans right
but even if if the country was coming
along right if it was an economically
vibrant island at a site of tourism at
his golf course there hadn't failed the
weed waved the Jones Act and he'd be
helping because that's what he likes
right and he doesn't like to help people
you know and a lot of Republicans
doesn't like to have people in his mind
this is not reality but as the Puerto
Rican people had very little choice in
this matter it doesn't like to help
people who don't help themselves
right and so he's decided to dismiss
them that's the only way you'd send out
a tweet which would essentially says you
didn't fix your electrical grid and your
infrastructure was bad and now look what
happened he wants to punish them that's
it that's his comfort level that because
he doesn't understand what the job of
being president is and I think his base
doesn't understand that either you know
he knows that if he didn't respond well
to Houston that's I mean that's Texas
he's gonna hear that backlash he doesn't
care about the people of Puerto Rico and
his base doesn't either and he knows
that so he can be sort of have this
tepid disrespectful response to
Hurricane Maria and you knows he's not
gonna get any flack for it he would have
gotten that with Harvey and he knows
that he can party so I think well if we
start depending on the kind of pictures
that come out of Puerto Rico and they've
already been yeah but we start seeing
suffering kids then you can talk about
his base and maybe some of them won't
care but people will care people don't
like to see people suffering which I
think he is I think he is I think he is
miscalculated which I think it is really
important if anyone has like a social
media presence it's really important
because they do not have power right now
to ask for help themselves that's
something that I was seeing on Twitter
earlier so we need to get out the word
to all the organizations NPR has a great
list that you can donate to and just
give what you can and just raise
awareness if that's all you can give I
think it is really important because
right now a lot of Puerto Ricans can't
even do that for themselves help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
