the Trump administration has denied to
waive restrictions that would help get
fuel and supplies that Puerto Rico needs
following Hurricane Maria now this
restriction is almost a hundred years
old let me tell you more about it the
Jones Act limits shipping between coasts
to US flag vessels however in the wake
of brutal storms the government has
occasionally issued temporary waivers to
allow the use of cheaper tax-free or
more readily available foreign flagged
ships the Department of Homeland
Security which waived the act after
hurricanes Harvey and Irma did not agree
an exemption would help this time now
Gregory Moore a spokesman for Customs
and Border Protection and office of
homeland security said in a statement
that an assessment by the agency showed
there was sufficient capacity of US flag
vessels to move commodities to Puerto
Rico saying the limitation is going to
be port capacity to offload and transit
not vessel availability now Senator John
McCain has been adamant opponent to the
Jones Act he went on to say it is
unacceptable to force the quote the
people of Puerto Rico to pay at least
twice as much for food clean drinking
water supplies and infrastructure due to
Jones out requirements as they work to
recover from this disaster now when I
was reading about this I thought it
would be sort of a cut and dry issue
sort of how could you oppose this but
there actually there are some staunch
opponents to waiving these restrictions
and what they are saying is that FEMA is
citing a land-based approach to
long-term recovery and they need fuel
distribution there was something that
came out on CBS just before this junior
tracked me down where there is a guy in
Puerto Rico and he's filming some of the
the containers and they have no way of
contacting drivers they need to get
drivers there is a lot of help here and
they don't know necessarily according to
FEMA if there are fuel if there are fuel
shortages they just need distribution
and some people are saying if there's no
legal precedent for a general waiver to
that I would counter saying that the US
Virgin Islands have a permanent waiver
on the Jones Act so right I'm seeing I I
understand why some people are saying
there they oppose waiving this but I
don't agree at all well the people who
oppose waiving this are people who are
employed you know yeah us shipping
industry that's right shipping industry
as opposed to this because they stand to
make a ton of my
and they have been making a ton of money
through the Jones Act which again forces
the the shipment of materials and
supplies to be you know done by us ships
and so as a result it has actually had
some pretty devastating consequences for
Puerto Rico specifically so for instance
anytime Puerto Rico wants the shipment
of cars to to them they pay forty
percent more than they need to because
of this and then another example is it
costs the island five hundred thirty
seven million dollars per year that's
that's money and keep in mind Puerto
Rico's dealing with a huge economic
crisis and even though it's a u.s.
territory they are not protected by the
same bang bang' Krupp c-- protections
that US states are protected by and so
we're forcing them to you know comply
with the Jones Act they're dealing with
a complete and utter disaster after
Hurricane Maria and if there's anything
that we can do to lessen the blow and
help them out then we should do it
especially considering the fact that we
did it for Houston we did it for Florida
but for some reason the US government at
this moment seems unwilling to wait
we're not gonna restrict the flow of
barrels of oil that's why we did it then
so the what's the harm like there
literally is no harm except to perhaps
us shipping which by the way is gonna be
there still we're gonna need a lot of US
ships they're still gonna be a lot of
ships going in out of Puerto Rico
especially I'll take them at their word
that the ports are damaged and they that
that's the bigger issue the big I would
say the biggest issue is that the food
and drinking water and energy and
supplies the report Oh Rico needs to
recover why you wouldn't listen more to
the Puerto Ricans on the ground there is
beyond me John McCain John McCain's
fighting for it for crying out loud this
is not a partisan issue John McCain
wants the exemption of the Jones Act and
he wants people in Puerto Rico to get
the relief however it needs to happen no
one should take more than two seconds to
be like oh there's a ship from French
Guiana I don't believe the country
anymore like let's use that shit let's
use this Angolan ship let's use this
Canadian
ever yes whatever get it done and get it
done quickly if you gave it for for
Texas and Florida give it for Puerto
Rico and if it turns out in six months
that actually you know what there plenty
of American ships we don't need the
waiver well then you could assume well
they did a temporary waiver for Harvey
and Irma so it's it is very confusing
that now we have these think pieces on
y-you know waving this is a bad idea it
doesn't we didn't see that for Harvey in
her but everyone's like get them all the
relief that they need and now for Puerto
Rico it's a question if they need that
relief that's it just you they're not
being given equal treatment right that
of course they're not there I mean and
it's not just inaction it's also in in
regard to the response from our federal
government the response from Donald
Trump your guys exactly he hasn't been
nearly as supportive of the relief
efforts in Puerto Rico
he hasn't been as outspoken in regard to
helping the people of Puerto Rico you
know he took pretty swift action and and
he got he got you know positive
commentary on this show in regard to his
reaction to what happened in Houston
because he wanted to make sure that all
the resources necessary were used to
help with the relief efforts in Houston
and in Florida the fraud and a criminal
and the stuff that he tweeted about
Puerto Rico is telling and he tells you
all you need to know about him help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
slash join
