hey everybody welcome to the happy
half-hour we did a whole show drank a
lot of alcohol too much now John and I
are three sheets in the wind
oh yeah but we have a second estoppel
sheet faced we have an idea for
something called it's so bad it's good
so Kylie Jenner has never had milk and
cereal together before here's the tweet
that she tweeted she said last night I
had cereal with milk for the first time
life-changing and it had a hundred and
sixty eight thousand likes the last time
I frickin checked oh my god the most
likes I've ever gotten was ten thousand
something and I remember the tweet and
it wasn't it was it was when these two
things for having at the same time
Twilight the movie is like soccer the
World Cup so you can do that it's like
2008 they run away they run around for
two hours no one scores and their
billion fans insist that you just don't
understand
does it go sweet leo or something really
yeah I used to accomplish things I mean
what do you know I've ever seen
it's okay so first of all obviously
money can't buy you class I'm joking
yeah how do you not have even
accidentally had it I have not only had
cereal with milk I've had cereal with
many kinds of ice cream I've had it with
all sorts of stuff I've probably had it
with soda before you know why he's an
adventurer right like I would crazy and
tried cereal on Pinkberry the Captain
Crunch you know Judy that's what you
should do I almost started a business in
college around combining ice cream and
cereal it's probably for the best what
was it gonna be called speedy sweets
we're gonna deliver it around campus
it's gonna be awesome we didn't do it
though um do you think here's a here's
maybe this is a controversial question
is she lying
I hope she's lying I think she's lying
like everything about the thought
process even around wondering about this
is horrible mm-hmm because either she's
telling the truth and like that person
that's weird is super famous being an
idiot or she's messing with me and like
I'm angry about
and her messing with you in a way that
is fairly see-through is more successful
than any thought you could put in tweet
form will ever be except for this web
exclusive content which you'll like and
share with your friends what's the
damage report and the happy half-hour on
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT comm slash app
