so a lot of folks are concerned that
Porter he is in terrible shape and
Donald Trump's too obsessed with NFL let
me give you an update on Puerto Rico the
mayor of San Juan said just yesterday
we've been canvassing one by one all of
our elderly homes finding our elderly
and I'm not kidding we had to transfer
11 of them in near-death conditions no
food no water no electricity and really
the sanitary conditions were deplorable
HuffPost goes on to explain hospitals
and care centers for the disabled
they're running out of diesel crews at
it that's the mayor of San Juan certain
hospital patients reuters reported have
been evacuated to the US but others
await an uncertain fate as generators
fail so things are in horrible condition
they're already 16 people have died in
Puerto Rico alone and there are 10,000
people in shelters as we speak
diesel fuel sent to Puerto Rico from the
u.s. is 124 thousand gallons because
they need that for the generators
otherwise people's lives are endangered
in the hospitals and other places people
in potential danger if dam and Puerto
Rico fails is 70,000 people in it's very
significant life-threatening danger but
remember power and communication is out
throughout the island so they might not
even know it
and you're seeing pictures there and
you're not gonna be surprised after the
pictures to find out that 80% of the
crops have been damaged and there's been
seven hundred and eighty million dollars
loss in agricultural yields and what is
Donald Trump's response been well he
tweeted these bizarre tweets a little
while ago said Texas and Florida are
doing great but Puerto Rico which was
already suffering from broken
infrastructure and massive debt is in
deep trouble why would you phrase it
that way look I don't think he's doing
it consciously but I think he thinks you
know Puerto Ricans they were already in
debt they were already a mess Texas and
Florida are doing great oh yeah just go
help them you're the president yes
Puerto Rico is a United States territory
he got heat for all these tweets I'll
tell you his reaction in a second but
let me give you the other two he said
it's old electrical grid which was in
terrible shape was devastated much of
the island was destroyed with billions
of dollars owed to Wall Street and the
banks which sadly must be dealt with
food water and medical or top priorities
and doing well hashtag FEMA like do you
think that he is bringing up the Wall
Street debt as a like hey that's
outrageous that Wall Street has got him
over a barrel here when they're
suffering or that hey Porto Rico has
different rules for how to handle their
debt than the rest of the United States
of America and that's fundamentally
unfair first of all there's no way he
even knows that no it appears that in
the context of those tweets he's saying
like they already owed all this money to
Wall Street these Puerto Ricans I don't
know what I'm gonna do with them just
have okay but he can't he can't have
sympathy or empathy for anyone he
doesn't associate with and so I I don't
know if that's a look some people are
not gonna want to call that racist but
it's that's fine you can call whatever
you like but he has empathy for people
who look like him and who are in his
circles and and more than even racial
which in this case I think there's
plenty of that going on here and you can
make your own judgment call on it or not
I'm giving you all the facts here but
it's like you said about his cabin he
said look I put rich people in my cabin
I don't want poor people in my
government because he thinks rich people
are successful in good people poor
people they owe money to Wall Street you
owed money to Wall Street he went
bankrupt six different times but he
thinks no that's okay I've always been
among the richest so I'm a good guy and
others for there they're not winning
they're not winning they're a mess don't
come
he's an S is calling them a mess here
and of course with no sense of self an
irony or any of that stuff to know that
he actually was known as the king of
debt but of course his daddy bailed him
out over and over again and apparently
at one point so did the rush
so I guess he thinks that's okay as long
as maybe he's gonna call the Russians
and get them to help Puerto Rico anyway
since he took a lot of criticism for
that he put out a statement later today
saying no no no
puerto rico quote is very important to
me and puerto rico the people are
fantastic people I grew up in New York
so I know made people from Puerto Rico I
know many Puerto Ricans I think people
are great people and we have to help
them
the island is devastated some of my best
friends are Puerto Ricans I mean I lived
in New York I mean they're not really my
friends but I saw Puerto Ricans in New
York great people great people and he
finally said he is gonna go down there
and visit he just didn't want to get in
the way earlier okay
make of it what you will but it doesn't
seem like it's his top priority watch
the young turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like a TYT Network comm slash join
