we've got an interesting race in Alabama
that is happening today they've got a
primary on the Republican side Jeff
Sessions obviously became Attorney
General and they need to fill that seat
for the moment being Luther strangers
opponent appointed to that seat in a
very controversial way by a governor who
had a sex scandal which Luther strange
was investigating and then the governor
appoints Luther strange and then leaves
office and he's fine and Luther strange
all of a sudden is not investigating him
anymore
so that's among the problems Luther
Strange has and the establishment has
and scratch my back and I scratch your
back this is what people hate so Luther
Strange's is an enormous ly right-wing
Republican but that is one of his
problems and that's a fair problem to
have another problem is that the Coyotes
running against Roy Moore is it even
more insane right-wing Republican so
that's why Donald Trump was in Alabama
giving that speech in the first place
now he didn't spend a lot of time
talking about Luther strange he spent
more time of course talking about
himself and then started that huge an
AFOL controversy down there he might
have been a little bit distracted or
indifferent because of the latest polls
every poll has his guy Luther strange
losing right now Roy Moore is up 50
percent to 40 percent and and that's one
poll we're showing you there Emerson
College Bowl but all the polls have Roy
Moore leading significantly Luther
Strange's the back is backed by the
establishment Mitch McConnell and Donald
Trump Roy Moore backed by the basket of
deplorable of
Steve Bannon Sean Hannity and and all
the other extreme right wingers so but
by the way no one's a winner in this
race unless somehow the Democrat pulls
out a victory against one of these guys
and Moore is crazy enough as you're
about to see in a second that he at
least has a shot at losing that's a pun
as you'll see as well unintended though
a shot at losing the the general
election race even though Trump knows it
in the rally where he was supposed to be
getting people excited about Luther
strange he said quote I might have made
a mistake Pollak politically in backing
to under on
in the race he's such a clown you know
why he does that he sees the polls and
he's like well I don't want my ego to
get ruffled here so I'm gonna support
him but only a little bit only a little
bit because you know I'm sure I mean I
don't take responsibility if he loses
the ego has landed in Alabama
so apparently Luther Strange's more
money is spending a lot of that in ads
Roy Moore is aggrieved by this because
apparently someone questioned whether
he's in favor the Second Amendment oh
not now Bama so he is going to have this
comical response it's been very hard for
my wife and myself to wither to nearly
three months of negative ads that we
couldn't answer with money because we
didn't have it heads that were
completely false then I don't believe in
the Second Amendment I believe in the
second
you know I say guns are bad that they
kill well I know a lot about guns I'm
the one that has used guns in combat I
know what guns do get me kill people
what do they give out uggs you order you
saw that in unison wait you could
accidentally go up and hit us what as
why these guys leaving homeland america
brother or late america where your
potential senator pulls out a gun and
waves it at you and you go yes yes I
might accidentally get shot my lucky day
this guy used to be Chief Justice of the
Alabama State Supreme Court he lost that
job because he refused to listen to the
Constitution keeps wanting to put up the
Ten Commandments everywhere among many
other things he has gone off on
homosexuals in this country doesn't
believe they should have the same rights
okay
Roy Moore if you make it into the Senate
we are ruled by a different document
it's called a constitution it's not the
Bible it's not the Old Testament okay
you're not running for Pope but the good
folks in Alabama at least in the
Republican side are apparently likely to
put him in a position where you might
join us in the United States Senate god
help us all help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
