one of the heads of the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission is now
indicating that this regulatory body
will not necessarily regulate the
financial industry as aggressively as it
did during the Obama administration now
keep in mind that during the Obama
administration this federal body was
given more power in order to prevent the
type of behavior on Wall Street that led
to the 2008 economic meltdown so these
are the people who would police big
banks and investors and make sure that
things like derivatives trading wasn't
happening anymore
well it turns out that that whole
regulatory system is about to implode
and I'll tell you how okay just real
quick of course your arrest rating is
still allowed although I'm not sure that
should be and of course I think they'll
probably crash the economy again whether
there were tighter controls on
derivatives trading cuz out of control
derivatives trading is what caused the
2008 crash and so it was the most
logical thing in the world to say hey
we've got to have some guidelines for
that trading otherwise these guys wind
up taking outsize risk because as usual
they have privatized the gains but when
those derivatives explode because
they're very very risky well what do
they do they socialize the losses they
made the taxpayers pay for their losses
with the bailouts - bailouts and and so
if you're not in favor of regulating
that then I think you misunderstand the
word in the concept because if you say
oh no it's a great thing for them to
take all the gains and put it in their
pockets and if they blow it
then I should pay their bills that's
insane that is insane and I think
regardless of where you fall in the
political spectrum both those on the
left and right were pretty infuriated
with the beat with the bailout that's
right now let's go to James McDonald
James McDonald is the director of
enforcement for the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission again this regulatory
body and his argument isn't that we
should deregulate his argument is well
we don't necessarily need to do the
oversight because these companies and
these banks can just you know do their
own oversight the whole self-police
right here's what he said it will
increase
look now this is according to the New
York Times it will increasingly look to
banks and other financial institutions
to come clean on their own about
misconduct and problems in the market so
here's an actual quote from James
McDonald and this is based on a draft
speech that the New York Times got their
hands on we start with the shared
understanding that the vast majority of
businesses want to comply with the law
the vast majority of businesses want to
make sure that their bottom line is
taken care of and in this case that is
exactly what they'll do he continues to
say we also recognize that no matter how
much corporate leaders may want to
foster compliance within the company
when they detect misconduct their
decision whether to voluntarily report
it often comes down to their perception
of whether they'll be treated fairly so
think about what he's saying there he's
essentially saying they can police
themselves and in order to ensure that
they police themselves we just need to
make sure that the penalties for bad
behavior is lessened right that's insane
ok so let's break this down are all
companies bad no ok they're of course
not that's their amoral they they don't
they have no morality it's not a human
being it's it's a legal fiction so our
will executives wind up trying to
maximize property well by law they must
they that's their job is to maximize
profit if you said ok well can they will
they sometimes go beyond the current
rules to maximize profit well we have an
enormous history of them doing that and
and the reason that they do it is
because they look look if we make 10
bucks by going beyond the rules and then
we get a penalty of 2 or 3 dollars ok
well I just made seven dollars so I
maximize profit now it's all about the
incentives and disincentives and the
laws and what is allowed and not allowed
what is punished and not punished
what has consequences and doesn't so if
it well this is about people who are
breaking the law because if you're not
breaking the law then it doesn't apply
to you anyway
this is so and the guy says oh we have a
shared understanding what the
corporation's oh I'm sure you do with
these financial corporations and so
since we're talking about the robbers
here specifically the people who are
breaking the law
yeah hey can you imagine if they put out
an equal statement almost the same exact
words but about other types of robbers
if they said no no for people robbing
banks we are going to we have a shared
understanding with them if they turn
themselves in we will cut their
penalties by three quarters so I'm sure
that they'll want to turn themselves in
it's absurd and it essentially paves the
road for you know even if they don't
turn themselves in which they won't it
creates this standard or this idea that
you know if they get caught well the
penalties won't be that bad and so you
know the the number that you just laid
out is exactly what he had proposed in
his speech and then he just kind of
erased it because he realized that maybe
he won't play well to the public
McDonald's said in the draft speech and
in an interview that the agency expected
to reduce penalties by roughly seventy
five percent for those that fully
cooperate in rare instances he said
cases could be dropped altogether so if
you go to the bank I mean you're the
cops and you go oh I just robbed a bank
well in some cases they'll say oh my god
well that's so nice of you to turn
yourself in you're just free to go oh I
just stole that guy's car but you know
what I went for a joyride which by the
way is also a crime and then but I
brought it back and I decided to turn
myself in off take a load off man that's
right go back home it's okay I just
murdered someone but that's okay I
turned myself in yeah oh we're gonna go
it would never apply to any other crime
but when it comes to financial crimes
which by the way cost us more than any
mugging times a thousand times a million
literally so oftentimes times a billion
okay if you do a mugging in the street
you're gonna go to prison for a long
time you do a mugging on Wall Street
they go well we have a shared
understanding that that if we're gonna
cut your penalties by three quarters and
and we might drop it all together and
don't
we're just gonna rely on you to report
your crimes instead of us investigating
your crimes why don't you just say
there's no more law there's no more rule
of law ya lawlessness its lawlessness
for people working in the Trump
administration is completely fine when
it comes to the financial industry but
you know if you want to kneel during the
national anthem because you're outraged
over a 12 year old who got shot within
two seconds because he was playing with
a toy gun in a park well then you're a
bad guy and you should be completely
demonized in the media but I mean this
is these are the people who robbed us
and this is a regulatory body that's by
the way paid through our tax dollars
that's supposed to protect us from this
you know predatory behavior by the big
banks and by the way you want to make
the argument that oh these big banks
they want to do right by us they want to
follow the law I mean the Wells Fargo
story just happened I know it feels like
it's been an eternity because there's
been so much news but remember Wells
Fargo was opening accounts under
people's names without even letting them
know these are their clients their
customers we don't just trust people to
follow the law we have cops
so that they will follow the law and
when it's cops on the street Trump
administration goes yeah great fantastic
when it's cops on Wall Street they go no
no no no no no no no no self-reporting
so let's break that down for the first
of all this is actually a bipartisan
problem yes Obama was better in in
regards to increasing enforcement at
this particular Commission but his
attorney general said that some of these
bankers were too big to jail he
literally didn't use those words but he
literally said in open testimony in
Congress that that prosecuting some of
the bankers could cause economic
problems that would be worldwide and so
that it was too risky to prosecute
bankers you're giving them and
get-out-of-jail-free card so Obama did
that who's the one who deregulated this
particular Commodity Futures Trading
Commission in the first place Bill
Clinton and he said oh they don't need
regular that much regulation on
derivatives no one has ever
more wrong it turns out no they needed a
lot of regulation on derivatives and
since you took away the regulations they
went nuts took too much risk because
guys if you're at a casino and somebody
says here is someone else's $100 you
take as much risk as you like and you
you'll get to keep all the winnings you
won't do a one to one bet you'll
probably do a one to a hundred bet
because if it's if even if you'll let
one percent chance of winning you could
win so much money and if you lose it
it's not your money yeah you have no
downside the taxpayers are gonna bail
you out and they knew this and so
Clinton was wrong Obama was wrong now
Trump is of course put it on steroids
just to give you some numbers because he
has put it on steroids um you know
deregulation is something that he's been
promising Wall Street's so monetary
penalties imposed by three main entities
that police Wall Street the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission the
Securities and Exchange Commission and
the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority were down sharply in the first
half of 2017 compared with similar
stretches in previous years the cops are
off of Wall Street there's no rule of
law and you know where you're gonna have
you're gonna have chaos anarchy wild
risk-taking because it makes sense it's
logical to take wildness thinking if
it's not your money and you're going to
make more money the more you risk you
take so they just are letting them run
roughshod and it is going to have
disastrous consequences I guaranteed
more they say well part of the problem
as to why we can't do enforcement here
is because they are chronically and
acutely under-resourced
that's a quote well then why don't we
fix that could you imagine oh we're not
gonna catch murderers and rapists
anymore why not because the cops are
chronically and acutely under-resourced
so maybe we should give them more
resources no let's give the less
resources and let them murder and rape
happen because well there's nothing we
can do no there's something you could do
you're just choosing not to do it by the
way the person who said that was
employed under the Obama administration
and so you're right it is a bipartisan
issue it's just that with Republicans
this issue
on steroids the deregulation the lack of
oversight is is increased and much more
noticeable and they're just completely
honest about it I mean think about the
fact that McDonald in this case felt
comfortable initially saying in that
draft speech and in interviews that they
planned on cutting penalties for these
banks by 75% another thing that was in
his draft speech that he took out
because they realize oops New York Times
has got this story probably and and
we're gonna catch a lot of heat for it
is he talked about a partnership with
the banks who were in violation of the
law
could you imagine well the cops have
been a partnership with the bank robbers
it's great but they have in this case
they have so let me tell you about both
these guys because James McDonald's the
Commission's director of enforcement
laugh along with me and then there's
Giancarlo who is the actual chairman
appointed by Trump and he is what they
called the New York Times called a
free-market devotee who was respected on
both sides of the political aisle of
course he is because both side of the
political aisle get paid off by Wall
Street in the form of campaign donations
and independent expenditures so there
he's very well-respected
what is free-market devotee mean it
could mean something positive Dave they
actually stuck with the meaning now it
means no no Lou no laws no rules do
whatever you want
we're going libertarian we're going
Somalia there's no rules anymore there's
no government just do whatever the hell
you want and both sides like great idea
and Trump is like no enforcement no
whatever little that Obama was doing
we're going to cut that as Anna read to
you earlier so let's talk about whether
James McDonald is fundamentally
dishonest or an incredibly stupid person
okay let's keep it real here because I'm
as I'll explain to you here that I
believe those are your only two chances
choices here because he says look
companies from time to time can make
mistakes this is another quote from an
or have a few bad actors you really
misunderstand corporations that much
again they're not evil okay that's
preposterous they're not humans but they
are built to make money so when you
think or you misunderstand and think Oh
golly gee every time they break the law
and wind up making me a lot more money
that was just not as a mistake it was
just a few bad actors not actually as
centers and disincentives of the system
you are either a great a moron and maybe
they put you in that position because
they it's a country of 330 million
people they're like can we find someone
stupid enough to actually believe that
they're like hey look there's James
McDonald and there's Giancarlo let's put
them in a position err you all golly gee
nobody wants to make money in
corporations but just a few bad people
would like to make more money and we let
them but I have no loot rule laws or
rules Oh golly gee okay or you know
you're not that stupid
you know they're gonna break the law and
you know you're not going to enforce it
and that you are hired by the Trump
administration to make sure that you are
not the director of enforcement you're
the director of non enforcement and you
know what you're gonna do James McDonald
I'm pretty much guarantee it after the
Trump administration you're gonna go
work as a lawyer for one of those banks
and you're gonna make a ton of money and
then you're gonna say golly gee how did
that happen I wound up making millions
of dollars from the companies who I
chose not to enforce the penalties
against what another lucky break for the
people in charge for the people in the
establishment for the people in the
elite I thought Trump said he was gonna
drain the swamp no no no no this is the
swamp and it just got a lot muddier
murkier dirtier and now there are no
cops left on Wall Street god help us all
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm /join
