the situation in Puerto Rico following
Hurricane Maria is dire to say the least
things have gotten so bad that people
are looting and the streets have become
extremely unsafe as a result authorities
of Puerto Rico have started a curfew and
anyone who breaks that curfew will face
jail time now there's no electricity
there's no light and so after dark
that's when the looters come out that's
when people commit crimes but many in
Puerto Rico are saying that the
authorities are going after those who
are not following through with the
curfew rather than those who are looting
one person who owns a gas station says
that his store has been completely
destroyed it will cost about seventeen
thousand dollars just for it to be up
and running again and another issue that
I'm noticing is the response by the US
government for those who are suffering
from the storm in Puerto Rico has been
much slower than the response that we
saw in Texas and also in Florida so if
you take a look at these photos it's
just terrible the flooding is extremely
bad and as I mentioned in earlier
reporting one of the dams was expected
to fail so as a result about 80,000
people were evacuated from their homes
but yeah it's just not good
so more amazing facts one per 100
percent of the power grid was in ruins
landline phones do not work at all and
the main TV stations had gone off the
air and they were expecting to be in a
blackout for four days that because
that's what the government warned it
ahead of time and on the fifth day
little had improved part of the reason
that the governor then couldn't save me
was one the power's out so nobody can
get messages from the governor in their
way that they are used to number two his
communication was out so he couldn't
communicate with many parts of Puerto
Rico so this is in a lot of ways as bad
as it gets and instead we all are
including myself talking about the NFL
and taking any etc throughout the
weekend and today and
unlike Trump and the federal government
we actually care about Puerto Rico so
we're also covering this story and and
we talked about in our Friday's show
it's it's a strange thing at a proximity
the closer you are to home the more
people care so this is per capita and
for you know the folks in Puerto Rico
worse than what happened in Houston
worse than what happened in Florida
Harvey or Emma and but yet it's not on
the mainland and Puerto Rico is a u.s.
territory but it's in a weird gray zone
right so cameras aren't really there I
mean barely we've got some pictures and
video there is that wall-to-wall
coverage come on you know it's not
wall-to-wall coverage you know that the
NFL issue that Trump brought up we've
got a thousand times more coverage and
and so that's on all of us that's on the
media for going yeah Porto Rico
even though they're in in really really
bad shape now and can use the help and
then it's on also you know look there's
some wonderful organizations that are
working to get them help but at the same
time all the people that are doing you
know giant drives to help the people of
Houston of Florida which is wonderful by
the way
well they should also do it for Puerto
Rico and again some of them are just so
and look into efforts to help Puerto
Rico in any way you can and we'll try to
put some in the in the description box
of this video and then of course most
importantly the people who have all the
money which is the government yeah there
needs to be a better federal response to
the devastation in Puerto Rico and and
that just hasn't been the case so let's
quickly go to graphic 14 and hear from
the governor ricardo Rosello says that
he called on the Pentagon to provide
more help he said there were helicopters
and planes nearby that they need to be
allowed to use he was quoted as saying
whatever relief package we have whatever
impact we have we are US citizens we
shouldn't be the lesser for it and so he
certainly feels like the response by the
US government hasn't been
equal compared to what other states
dealt with when it came to these extreme
storms and again the damage done in
Puerto Rico is in some ways worse
because of the lack of communication the
lack of power the power grid is
completely out it got so bad that 13
prisoners escaped a prison luckily they
were able to find about eight of them
but there's still several on the loose
and it's become incredibly unsafe which
is why people are forced to go indoors
as soon as you know it's dark outside
and so it's just terrible and I don't I
don't even think people realize that
Puerto Ricans are Americans it is a u.s.
territory so even if it doesn't feel
like you know it's part of the u.s.
because it's not part of our mainland
it's still human lives that we're
talking about and you know I think
Donald Trump's tweets over the weekend
in regard to this whole NFL situation
not only uncovered you know what his
priorities are but it was also done to
kind of distract from bigger things that
are happening right the health care
debate that's happening you know the
fact that Republicans were trying to
sweeten the deal for Alaska senators and
other senators that were holding out on
voting yes like that's a big story the
Russia investigation that's a big story
Trump wanted to just distract from that
and it's all about selfish reasons it's
all about selfish you know
egotistical Donald Trump as opposed to
being a leader and looking out for
people who are really suffering right
now well look but I just don't think he
cares about him that's how the party of
course he doesn't you know I don't think
that he's sophisticated enough to think
look I'll do a distraction here because
I don't want people to focus on climate
changes obviously real explaining these
storms so much more severe Lucas what's
happening with Irma Harvey and Maria let
alone Jose and others no he just thinks
uh
go to Alabama rile up a crowd against
Kaepernick gee I wonder why and and it's
like I don't think he consciously thinks
it's just Puerto Ricans I don't really
care about them I just think that he
shows it in what he does he might
consciously think that yeah no no my
point is that either way yeah he doesn't
care about you and he's not the Calvary
is not on its way and he's not focused
on it he doesn't put out a statement
it's like what we saw when a mosque is
attacked doesn't care doesn't put out a
statement if it's a Muslim doing their
attack it's a national emergency tweet
after tweet he does it immediately he
doesn't wait in charlottesville
neo-nazis attack he waits and waits and
waits and waits and he says I'd like to
get all my facts first you know and so
in the case of Puerto Rico you know put
it assigned it look Charlotte feels
super important and and those all those
different kinds of attacks against
Muslims by Muslims so all important but
this is a u.s. territory that is
decimated it's a giant issue and it
seems like he did I mean certainly he
hasn't done anything that makes us
believe that he cares or knows or is in
any way going to help it's amazing his
indifference is stunning if you like The
Young Turks you'll love young turks
membership TYT Network comm sighs join
