conservative agitators were planning on
something known as free speech week at
Berkeley now the whole point of this was
of course to get a little bit of
attention and to rile students up who
are not in favor of their brand of
conservatism and so my Louie innopolis
who got fired from by part because of
his comments in favor of pedophilia was
basically the person behind this
organizing it and the student
organization that wanted to host these
conservative speakers did not meet the
deadlines necessary to provide security
and the infrastructure necessary to host
the event so as a result they ended up
canceling the event because they
couldn't have it indoors they could only
host it outdoors now the event was
cancelled after free speech weeks
organizers couldn't meet Berkeley's
deadlines for renting indoor venues on
campus so innopolis has said that the
university tried to sabotage free speech
week plans by making it difficult for
organizers to make logistical
arrangements now milah decided to still
show up at Berkeley and do a brief
speech outside on the campus and it
didn't go well there was only a handful
of people and there were more counter
protesters although the counter
protesters were incredibly peaceful
there were no issues here one person did
get arrested for having a weapon but
there were no physical altar physical
issues or altercations or anything like
that now dan from the internet Dan Evans
who is someone who works here at TYT
interns here every once in a while
shared a video because he is a student
at Berkeley and he decided to film
everything to ensure that you know the
story didn't get twisted in the media
well there was one student wearing a
maggot hat who was apparently trying to
anger the counter protesters he was
yelling at them attacking them
not physically thankfully and when Dan
went up to him to ask him some questions
this is what happened
there's so much love about that video
first off you are there for free speech
week you're getting an opportunity to
speak your mind why don't you speak in
your mind what's the problem
no that was so wonderfully ironic she
won't let me speak all right go ahead
and speak okay great
Oh Yonkers hey listen you I don't know
if you know this a lot more people just
saw you than the three people you were
trying to talk to at that rally yeah and
so you would have had an opportunity
right there to speak your mind and tell
us all your brilliant right-wing ideas
and instead you ran and ran and ran
right and Dan even asked one of the
counter protesters to stop chanting so
we could hear him out so we can actually
hear his argument and it I mean he
doesn't have an argument I think he
started with I just think if you're in
the country illegally
he couldn't finish his thought and so
you think he didn't see the TYT
you know logo on Dan's clothing before
he started talking of course he saw it
but once he realized he couldn't finish
his thought he's like oh you're what the
young turret afew and you walked away
just try to formulate your opinion
before you get involved in this type of
activism but this reminds me of a piece
from slate that we talked about on last
week's show where a reporter went up and
asked all these people who looked over
his video just walk through a speech
okay first of all
they want freedom of speech for
kaepernick no you should be fired anyway
but put that aside for a second I just
want freedom of speech in this Sochi the
reporter asked okay great didn't speak
to me what is it that you would like
another guy don't want to talk to a
reporter you know why it's not that
you're worried about freedom of speech
you know that your opinions are
unpopular you know that you're gonna say
things that are gonna get you in trouble
why are they gonna get you in trouble
because there's thought police know
because you're gonna say low some things
that people are gonna go wow you really
believe that that's pretty terrible
thing to say about other people and if
you didn't think it was terribly you
thought it was wonderful why wouldn't
you share with a camera right exactly
and and look I think the way this whole
Free Speech week went down was perfect
because think about it
Mylo still appeared okay his his fans
knew about it they could have went over
there to see him and only about a dozen
people showed up and and so here's what
would have made it a hundred times worse
first of all miles like it was a great
success yeah I'm sure it was it was a
great success but it would have made
matters worse and he would have gotten
what he wanted if people met him with
violence right if people got up in arms
it like protesting is fine and I'm glad
that the protesters kept it peaceful the
chants are fine it's all good right but
once you start throwing Molotov
cocktails and damaging property and
doing things like that you are playing
right into what they want that is the
exact response that they want I mean
this was embarrassing for me what did we
tell you from day one just let them
speak and a dozen dudes will show up
that's exactly what almost happened here
I would look of course you do any
protests you're like God bless your
heart we love protests but for them they
want the protests he's in an
insignificant figure that no one in
America even the most loathsome
right-wingers won't hire so just let him
go out there with his 12 buddies and the
next time it'll be seven the next time
it'll be three and it'll be wonderfully
embarrassing don't worry we'll send Dan
from the internet will record it you'll
get to laugh at him afterwards help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
