Miami Dolphins safety Michael Thomas was
asked about Donald Trump's statements in
regard to those who refused to stand for
the national anthem and he got
incredibly emotional as he talked about
his family
take a look going on in the u.s. you
know like yeah yeah so mine Comus was
one of the guys who originally took a
knee he took a knee last year along with
Kaepernick so he is one of the leaders
of this movement and so that's why when
Trump said those sons of bitches who
wouldn't stand for a flag in a sense he
was talking directly about Michael
Thomas I'm sure he doesn't know Michael
Thomas he probably heard about
Kaepernick
but not about Thomas but but and it's a
weird thing the media like you know they
get obsessed with Kaepernick and and I
get it and we've talked a lot about
cabernet but then other people taking me
and they're like okay or whatever that's
just this secondary story so we're not
gonna talk about Michael or Bennett or
all these other guys who did it anyway
so so that's why they were asking him
because if Trump was talking about
anybody that's in the league he was
talking about this guy
and and he had what he referred to
earlier there was when he wrote on on
social media this is bigger than than us
meaning say that the idea of justice
when it comes to police brutality and
police violence against unarmed black
men is an issue bigger than
ball player he's just trying to put a
spotlight on it and of course because of
trumps overreaction now it's this is
spread like wildfire we had the first
baseball player take a knee
just yesterday I believe last night and
now some of his white teammates said
they're gonna take a knee or at least
one of them wow they're gonna take a
knee with him tonight and and it's
spread to the plaid to the owners is
spread to everybody now and and God
bless Michael Thomas for being one of
the leaders in that and of course the
most powerful part was when he was
talking about his daughter and if you
didn't hear exactly what he was saying
because he broke up a little bit there
he said you know what if she asked me
daddy what did you do when when it
mattered and did you try to make a
change and and he did and that's a hell
of a thing to be able to tell your kids
when it mattered I stood up or in this
case took her knee yeah III think that
and by the way this is speculation on my
part I have no idea what's going on in
his head but he kind of lost his
composure when he started thinking about
his family when he started thinking
about his daughter and it made me
realize something something I've always
known but I think sometimes we forget
about it everyone wants the same thing
regardless of what your ethnic you know
background is regardless of where you
live in the country or what your
political affiliation is we all want a
better world for our families and the
world that he sees is one where you know
his peers are murdered in an unjustified
way without you know any weapons on them
without any wrongdoing or with some
wrongdoing but certainly nothing that
warrants extrajudicial killings right
and so he wants a better world for his
kids for his family and and you know I'm
sure seeing the kind of stuff that you
see in the news on a regular basis
worries him just as much as it worries
us so ya know and worries them probably
more because we don't have
african-american kids and so yes it's
now happening to all the races and I
think police overreaction and police
training was wrong unfortunately
throughout the country but if I mean if
you see Tamir rice being shot and to
against flat when he was twelve year old
african-american kid and you got a five
year old daughter as he said and one day
soon she'll be 12 and you know and if
nobody's gonna bother asking her
anything and they're just gonna pull up
and shoot her yeah boy you know you
would be very very concerned so just for
one second think about if you were in
their shoes if you're not
african-american and you see and another
story no Ohio guy in Walmart walking
around with a toy gun from the Walmart
because he was shopping cops come up
also shoot within two seconds they don't
ask questions and boom he goes down and
he dies and and it's happened over and
over again and yes the statistics bear
out that happens disproportionately to
African Americans so we've got to get
better police training we can't have
them shooting at at first sight and now
you know you see it happening to all the
races but more soda african-americans
and so if you're an African American
like Michael Thomas it might be a matter
of life and death for you or your for
your kids to take a stand now and and so
he did what he did so bravely all the
way back to last year when it was a very
unpopular thing to do at least according
to the press and he took that chance and
now a lot of people have joined him and
that's what bravery is all about help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
slash join
