now I was told during the last
presidential election that using a
private email account is horrific
offense for anyone associated with the
government I mean it's such a bad
offense that they shoe you should be
locked up I believe I heard chance to
that effect regarding Hillary Clinton
which is why this story seems a little
surprising political reporting that
presidential son-in-law and senior
adviser Jared Kushner has correspondent
with other administration officials
about white house matters through a
private email account set up during the
transition last December part of a
larger pattern of trumpet aides using
personal email accounts for government
business what well ok hey man looks this
wasn't my chin it was your chance but I
let's go for it lock him up lock him up
because I didn't think it was a federal
offense Trump people told us it was a
federal offense they chanted it right ok
let's give you more details now if he if
this was an account that he's had with
AOL for quite some time his mom emailed
him on there and he said yeah I'll be
over for Thanksgiving or whatever ok you
know Matt maybe that's a different
situation but it sounded like he was
doing official government business and
what was interesting to me is that it
was not an old account let's give you
more dick here we go to Politico
Kershner uses his private account
alongside his official White House email
account
sometimes trading emails with senior
White House officials outside advisers
and others about media coverage event
planning and other subjects according to
four people familiar with the
correspondence Politico has seen and
verified about two dozen emails so
definitely doing government business no
question about that
let's keep going Kushner's wife Kushner
and his wife Ivanka Trump set up their
private family domain late last year
before moving to Washington from New
York according to people with knowledge
of events as well as publicly available
internet registration records at the
time Kushner who served as senior
campaign adviser was familiar with the
correspondence
I'm sorry was expected to be named to a
white house roll while Ivanka Trump was
publicly saying she didn't plan to work
in her father's administration now of
course she later did take a role in the
administration so wait now that's
different so they set up these accounts
knowing they were going to the White
House it was after the election and
before they went in the White House it
looks like it was set up for the purpose
of having communications that they
wouldn't have to report because if
you're because of the our laws in
America if you're doing official
government business all that is recorded
and kept for history now those are not
shared unless they're linked but they're
not supposed to be and and your private
emails can get leaked too but legally
they are not to be shared publicly right
now at all
but they must be kept for our records
for government records you work for us
you're part of the government so they
set up a new email account kind of like
Hillary Clinton set up a private email
server specifically to have private
emails that could not be traced by the
government now what was a server this
one is an email account
there was a slight difference there now
of course there is an important issue of
the classified documents so let's go to
his defense on this Politico says there
is no indication that Kushner has shared
any sensitive or classified material on
his private account or that he relies on
his private email account more than his
official White House account to conduct
government business so look in reality
huge distinction and we don't know that
there wasn't any classified information
on there and remember that's what
started the Hillary Clinton
investigation they didn't know that she
had shared classified information is
either they start the investigation and
then found out that that might have
happened now none of the things that she
did apparently was bad enough that she
purposely shared classified information
in a way that it could get out so that's
why she was not charged so whether it's
classified or not is relevant but an
investigation was started on her to find
out an argument could be made to start
an investigation on Kushner to find out
if he
shared classified information because we
now know for a fact because Politico has
actually seen the emails that he is
sharing and having conversations about
official government work on his private
email account again it wasn't us who
said that that was a massive crime it
was a Trump team that said it was a
massive crime okay
Lowell who is his attorney said Kushner
has adhered to government record-keeping
requirements by forwarding all the
emails to his account though Politico
could not verify that hey listen you say
that he's putting those emails into his
government account too first of all I
don't believe that for a second there's
no way that you bothered to set up a
private email account so you could have
untraceable emails and then reported
them anyway and just transfer them over
to your Governing Council that they
could be traced but hey listen that's
okay I don't need to decide that the FBI
can decide that they should have an
equal and opposite investigation just
like they did a filler Clinton and just
like the Trump team we could turn around
and say well who even before the
decision comes in by the FBI in their
case it was even after the decision came
in by the FBI to not prosecute saying it
was not illegal they chant it anyway so
lock him up lock him up okay one last
thing but I mean it was it like hey guys
what we're gonna have a lunch or maybe
it was with his you know interns not at
all important didn't it laughs senior
White House officials let's find it
aides who have exchanged emails with
Kushner on his private account since
President Donald Trump took office in
January
include former chief of staff Reince
Priebus former chief strategist the
Bannon National Economic Council
director Gary Cohn a spokesman and
spokesman Josh
a male's describe to or shown to
Politico in some cases those White House
officials have emailed Kushner's account
first said people familiar with the
messages at times Bannon and Priebus
have also used private email accounts to
correspond with Kushner and others oh
great
so that's Kushner Trump Bannon Priebus
so let me change the chant real quick
Lock them up lock them up hey listen man
we didn't ask for you guys to start a
chant about locking people up with you
this private email accounts while on the
government you did so I guess it equals
just as well to you
hey maybe another special counsel or the
FBI get to work
investigate these guys to see if there
was any classified information or
anything else that they did illegally
including violating that Records Act and
then it's I guess handcuffs time helped
us fill the independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
