Hurricane Maria has left complete and
utter devastation in Puerto Rico and so
far we have learned that six people have
lost their lives as a result authorities
are expecting the number to increase as
the recovery efforts move forward
however the deaths have been caused by a
variety of issues related to the storm
including mudslides and severe flooding
authorities have been hampered in their
ability to assess damage because foul
weather continues to batter parts of the
island as well as the fact that the
storm knocked out power and
communication systems across the island
there are also reports that there is a
bridge that's expected to collapse and
as a result more than 70,000 people have
been evacuated from the town that they
live in or they are in the process of
being evacuated just to give you some
more information officials warned
residents that it could actually be
months before power is restored months
months yeah believable so it things
things are not good in Puerto Rico and
it's it's really devastating especially
when you consider you know the state
that Puerto Rico was already in with its
economic crisis and the fact that
several different hurricanes have hit
the Caribbean already look I I was just
in Miami and it got grazed and it was
still a mess and Puerto Rico had gotten
a hit by some of the other storms but
this one hit it's the first storm that
full-on hit Puerto Rico I think since
1932 yeah it's the worst storm in 80
years for Puerto Rico I think we got ya
some video of what's happened here to me
the things that are amazing are it
lifted and ripped the roofs off of not
just homes but some giant shopping
centers and I was one of my friends in
New York who had lived through
superstorm sandy and that was just 50
mile-per-hour winds and they said it was
ferocious and these were a hundred and
sixty mile hour winds so this is Mother
Nature sending a message and it's not
because it's a I intended and it's
conscious it's just hey
this is storms getting more severe this
is what happens when the the water is
warmer and the weather is warmer you
have more precipitation more severe
storms and now it's moving on to the
Bahamas where they think it might dump
20 inches of rain so I wanted to quickly
clarify a statement that I made earlier
because I misspoke when I said that a
bridge was gonna collapse it's actually
a damned that's expected to collapse so
to be more specific it's a the well
hitaka dam and they're expecting it to
fail which is prompting these mass
evacuations from the area just to ensure
that people don't die from extreme
flooding it's a three hundred forty-five
yard dam that holds back a man-made lake
covering about two square miles and was
built decades ago so bridge collapsing
is disastrous ed dam collapsing is worse
way worse yeah so and and you know the
Rush Limbaugh's of the world if it
doesn't hit his exact house at 160 miles
per hour thinks it didn't happen
yeah well the people of Puerto Rican
know it's happening yeah and I just
think it's strange that and I again I I
hold myself responsible for this a
little that that did unless it hits the
US mainland that we somehow you know I'm
bothered that I don't care as much about
you know that there's an earthquake in
Mexico it collapsed the school you know
it's nothing I don't care as much but
we're conditioned to care about the
things that are closest to us I mean for
crying out loud an earthquake it hits in
Mexico we all we live in Los Angeles we
live on a fault line and the earthquake
could hit here and you know we all of us
I include myself we've got to think more
globally and the Puerto Ricans are
Americans there are literal American
brothers and and you're talking about
months of no electricity on an entire
island and you know that there's going
to be a breakdown of societal order
there yeah you know if you can give and
I've given and if you can give give yeah
and in the earthquake in Mexico man I
was reading the story of the schools
that had collapsed and parents waiting
all night and they're pulling out one
dead kid after another effort
and then they pulled out three kids who
are alive and Jesus man and so it's just
harrowing but it is it's unfortunate
part of humanity that we care more as it
gets closer to us it's we there so I
mean look at what's happening I really
admire it relates to what we're just
talking about in Yemen of why this is an
easier story for many Americans that we
killed between four and eight hundred
Yemeni civilians because they're so
unlike us even though of course they're
not there's nothing there there there in
fact almost exactly like us yeah and so
you got the Rohingya Muslims hundreds of
thousands have been you know driven out
of the country
hundreds butchered burned alive
I mean if Isis had done that to
Europeans very even Yazidis or even
Brazilians we would have invaded and
bombed and etc but when it happens
halfway across the world and it happens
to people we can't relate to man because
we can almost I mean like it's the
media's covered a little bit the the
government US government reaction has
been a deafening silence
yeah and that's been true of course for
Republican administrations Democratic
administrations for very you know and
and and of course the ISIS and killing
Yazidis and we in general we were taught
to care more about that because we've
been conditioned to believe that Isis
poses an immediate threat to us right
whereas what's happening the Rohingya
Muslims doesn't and and what's happening
in Yemen you know again the theories
it's our war on terror so whatever is
happening that's terrible but it's
making us safer and that's just a thing
we think and say and are conditioned to
say because we want to normalize the
most horrible things in the world we
have to and we can't react to the
Mexican quake in the devastation in
Puerto Rico we don't have the I don't
have the emotional capacity to I assume
most people don't to really feel it as
it probably ought to be filled ought to
be felt but we just we don't feel it
we don't again and I'm just bothered by
it I know what you say is true that as
it gets closer to us we're condition
more I
it's not enough for me to stop there I
know I'm part of it because I have the
exact same uncondition the exact same
way but it but it shouldn't it should
not be that way it shouldn't be that way
and finally look guys you should help in
all these different situations in any
way that you can but there's almost
nothing you could do about an earthquake
so there's the after the fact helping
donating etc which you should definitely
do but before the fact there is
something that and you know people will
say we can do about terrorism fair
enough you know and I hope we have a
smart strategy for that we haven't had
one yet but I hope we have one but
there's also something we do about
climate change
it makes the storms more severe so we
have to make sure that the planet
doesn't heat up because this is this as
this devastating as all of these
hurricanes hitting all at once have been
it's still an appetizer for what's to
come and that that is that is not a
situation that is going to be pretty for
anybody and no one is gonna be safe no
matter where they are in the world if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm / join
