Aaron Hernandez has been diagnosed
post-mortem with CTE at just 27 years
old Hernandez who committed suicide in
April while serving a life sentence for
murder was found to have one of the most
severe cases of the degenerative brain
disease linked to repeated head trauma
are you concerned about concussions me
personally no if I had a perfect place
to die I would die on the field no way
that these pathologic changes represent
a variation in normal we have found
these changes in every professional
football players brain that has come in
to the CSTE laboratory I just ask you a
simple question what's the answer the
answer is the medical experts are no
better than I would
so newsflash the NFL does not give a
shit about its players you or anything
other than money
an ironic but nonetheless tragic fashion
Aaron Hernandez just became the most
dangerous man in football you know the
sport right it's America's game the
sport that Americans salute as if it's
their patriotic duty the sport that
openly deflects at every possible
opportunity from the head trauma
associated with playing football and the
dramatically increased risk of CTE
things we do to one another okay
I can't say it the way I want to see the
sport that for decades has looked the
other way at domestic abuse and allowed
players to go unpunished for brutalizing
woman and the sport that wraps itself in
patriotism wells child in the Pentagon
millions of dollars to hide behind the
service of the military the god damn
sport that view speaking out against
injustice as an unredeemable crime worse
than dogfighting worsen domestic abuse
worse than even attempted murder you
know what time it is it's time for this
week in politics and I'm coming for you
Roger Goodell and the Shambhala
organization known as the NFL at 27
disgraced former New England Patriots
tight end Aaron Hernandez took his own
life from a jail cell where he had spent
the last four years an autopsy revealed
yesterday what can only be described as
the worst nightmare for the NFL that by
the age of just 27 Hernandez's brain
showed that he had stage 3 CTE the
second worst stage of the disease full
disclosure it would be speculative to
attribute Hernandez's crimes entirely to
the head trauma
he had suffered especially considering
his lengthy record of illegal behavior
that dated back to his teenage years but
was so much still unknown about CTE we
do not know when Hernandez's brain began
to deteriorate but we certainly do know
that it didn't help the news coming out
of Hernandez's autopsy serves to shine a
direct light on a broader issue
specifically the NFL's willful
negligence in dealing with the serious
problem posed by the threat of CTE
negligence that means they look the
other way when a recent study performed
on the brain tissue of 202 deceased
former football players showed that 177
of the subjects were found to have CTE
oh and furthermore of the 111 former NFL
players whose brains were examined 110
showed signs of CTE that's fuckin 99% of
the former players who was shown to have
some form of the degenerative brain
disease and perhaps the most chilling of
the 177 diagnosed 18 of those were from
players who committed suicide just like
Aaron Hernandez but unlike the deaths of
Junior Seau and Dave Duerson
who took their lives in there
40s and 50s because their adult brains
were already making their lives hell and
they knew there was more to come the NFL
cannot tap-dance around football's
responsibilities in regards to Hernandez
who was 23 when he stopped playing and
yet despite the possible epidemic of CTE
among players the NFL continues to
deflect and offers up pathetic excuses
they are literally plain what-if over
the lives of not only their athletes but
the lives of those outside of the NFL
the woman who are already suffering in
the hands of their partners because of a
domestic violence problem that is rife
within the sport and what does the NFL
do it treats players beating their
spouses the same as those who smoke a
little pot it seeks to drown out free
speech by blackballing an athlete who
voiced his opinion they hide behind paid
patriotism and wave the flag to deflect
attention away from any discussion of
the life-threatening risks players face
and the fan base lets them why or
because it's football we love it but let
me ask you do the beating wives and
murdered victims love it try telling
them that their victimization may have
been the result of a degenerative
disease that is proven to cause symptoms
such as memory loss executive
dysfunction aggression explosive
behavior loss of concentration and mood
swings depression apathy and cognitive
impairment but it's fine because we will
fly some final jets across the sky and
sing god bless america
but at some point the American people
are going to stop saluting many have
already begun Aaron Hernandez was a
talented player but he was also a
criminal and a killer but in death his
enduring legacy just might be to save
the lives of countless other players who
are at risk for me on Instagram at
Francis and Max on Twitter at Francis
and Max will also like and share the
video continue to resist
you
