while the Trump administration drafts
policy that would potentially ban travel
from even more countries into the United
States because of threats of terrorism
well turns out that Trump is amping up
or ramping up I should say terrorism in
other countries like Yemen so let me
explain during the Obama administration
the number of drone strikes that
unfortunately ended up killing civilians
abroad increased according to Atlantic
or the Atlantic Obama presided over
roughly 10 times as many lethal air
strikes as george w bush and covert war
on terror operations outside the war
zones of iraq and afghanistan also
include yemen to that list okay
u.s. strikes in just three countries
pakistan somalia and yemen killed at
least three hundred eighty four innocent
civilians now again this is under the
obama administration and it's something
that we criticized him for quite a bit
well Trump looked at that policy and
said hmm not good enough let's do more
in fact there might be a little too much
oversight when it comes to these drone
strikes so let's loosen some of the
rules necessary to move forward with
even more of these strikes so the Trump
administration is preparing to dismantle
key Obama era limits on drone strikes
and commando raids outside conventional
battlefields so they're going to
essentially target lower-level
individuals that they suspect of being
terrorists or aiding terrorists the
targets of kill missions would be
expanded to include footsoldier
jihadists with no special skills or
leadership roles proposed drone attacks
and raids would no longer undergo
high-level vetting oh great so this is
look so the reason why I don't believe
the Department of Homeland Security in
in their new policy they're drafting new
policy to do even more travel bans in
even more countries because they want to
keep us safe right if they genuinely
cared about keeping us safe this is the
kind of stuff that they would try to you
know reel back in but instead they're
expanding what the Obama administration
did wrong they want to do away with
anything he did right but anything he
did wrong they
expand it and this leads to way more
hostility toward the Western world okay
if your family gets murdered and the US
government refers to them as collateral
damage how easy is it for Isis to
recruit you it's just such dumb foreign
policy right and so if you're worried
about terrorists abroad you know your
travel bans are cute but you need to
really rethink this foreign policy that
has failed us time and time again so
from time to time people will say oh
yeah Trump's doing this but do you know
that Obama also did it and did you
criticize him when he did it yeah we did
we most certainly did and so Obama's
team would claim that their strikes were
a court exceptionally surgical and
precise and that was nonsense and we
called it the nonsense that it was over
and over again you know and I gave you
the 380 for disability has killed at
least that's the low end it is
potentially as high as 807 civilians
killed if that's surgical and precise
Jesus what's butchery 870 civilians look
don't get lost of the numbers that's
real human beings kids aunts uncles moms
just picture them as humans they the
Atlantic did a great job here wonderful
piece of writing in making it real they
said look for example there's homegrown
terrorists like the guys in San
Bernardino
remember that couple that did the
shooting imagine if they said well look
we're gonna do a surgical and precise
drone strike to take that guy off so he
doesn't kill people inside of area
that's even more dangerous than killing
some guy in Yemen or Somalia that's how
our ally right so we did a drone strike
on them and don't worry we got them
which by the way a lot of times they
don't get them but we also killed 13 of
your kids in an elementary school nearby
in that drone strike who would say yes
to that nobody would die well that would
be on Donald Trump well right
that would be grotesque and barbarian
and no but when we do it to their kids
we think that's no big deal I mean
that's 807 pieces of collateral damage
but then when they they're also human
they also get really really mad if you
kill their kids and so when that leads
to that more people fighting against
those we should
surprised and by the way the war machine
ticks on and I'm not at all convinced
that this is accidentally
counterproductive mm-hmm and so no
matter who's president whether it's a
Republican or Democrat what do the
generals who are about to get millions
of dollars from defense contractors come
in and tell them they say all you need
more just drone strikes you need to kill
more people and don't worry about
civilians oh we're so precise yeah I
don't think you're right about that
attitude because I think that the Obama
administration did give as they said
what they considered exceptionally
surgical and precise and I think it's
war and you're dropping a bomb on a
civilian population and this is what's
going to happen so better would be for
us to recognize hey you want to go kill
terrorists in Yemen you want to go kill
them outside the the accepted two wars
that we're fighting right then you're
gonna kill kids yeah you're gonna kill
kids and so I imagine that that number
let's say it's six hundred put it right
in the middle it's not 384 it's not 807
I'm sure it could have been 1600 we
dropped a lot of drums and they're all
huge bombs right and it's not always on
a convoy in the middle of the desert
totally by itself okay
so another way of looking at this is
that those drone strikes from Obama
killed at least a hundred and twenty
eight times more innocent people than
the Boston Marathon bombing 120 times
that's what you know it's a it's it's
why it's valuable and not just valuable
it's critical that we see battlefield
footage from that we see dead Americans
that we see Americans killed in action
you know I've seen 38 minutes of Ken
Burns Vietnam documentary in it's
already amazing mostly because what's
who's in it are Vietnamese right and
it's just became it becomes very easy
when it's the other and for me too you
know and and we're all experiencing it
with the hurricane right I mean it tears
through st. Martin and destroys st.
Martin and then lawlessness rains on st.
Martin because there is no law the world
has essentially been wiped out right and
and we don't it's hard to care right but
if it hits
Laura do we care we're having a tough
time caring about Puerto Rico how many I
mean I've already had six conversations
with people where I remind of the Puerto
Rico's in the US and I'm not exempting
myself from it I don't feel the same way
right and that bothers me right and
those are Americans so when it's other
people when it's other kids when its own
Yemeni kids well they're surrounded by
terrorists and the real the real the
real people to blame or the terrorists
who are essentially using human shields
and they're using Yemen as a base and
all of that is true but we still did it
and and the question is did we win are
we made safer and there's the world made
safer long term by doing this there are
very serious people whose voices are at
least heard now who argue now know that
this actually makes us and the world and
perhaps Yemen less safe and we weren't
sorry last thing we wouldn't do it to
think about drones it's a little unfair
to say he used it ten times more than
george w bush he also used it a billion
percent more than Bill Clinton and
Ronald Reagan didn't have now it's easy
right we press the button and the drone
strikes can be done so easily and we
don't have to send in troops so man it's
totally antiseptic we feel good we don't
want to send troops we're gonna send
5,000 Americans commandos into Yemen
where people are gonna shoot at it and
then we know it's messy
here man I don't even think but I also
don't want to fight some other countries
war which is what we're doing in Yemen
right now
right we're in Yemen doing these drone
strikes for Saudi Arabia and I don't
think most Americans know that what they
do is they you know lie to the American
people about how there's a terroristic I
don't think most Americans know what
we're doing in Yemen
all right let's mean that that's that's
the truest thing anyone's ever said and
so that that is just it's criminal it's
criminal like that worried we're killing
innocent individuals in in a country
that most Americans don't even know that
we're you know doing drone strikes on
we're using you know our resources to do
so it's just it's so frustrating and it
just continues on and I'm with you Jake
I don't think that this is an accident I
feel like it things are intentionally
escalated because there's a profit
motive behind it
so look last couple of things here one
of the things we warned about
the Obama administration is if you open
a door the next president can walk right
through it so the door that Obama open
with the drone strikes and killing
civilians was already bad enough he
didn't need anyone else to walk through
it it wasn't like Oh someone else can
abuse it Obama abused it and there I
have a little disagreement with Ben
there I don't think they were very
careful at all they would do signature
strikes where they didn't even know who
they were bombing that's it like hey
fool me once shame on you
I mean I don't want to get back into the
Bush quotes but in terms of Obama if he
state his guys come in and go mr.
president were incredibly careful Oh
oops sorry we killed 17 kids the next
time they say it again and again and
again it may be the fourth time you go
hey you know what I'm getting the sense
you guys aren't that careful and the six
hundred civilian killed on your watch
I'm getting the sense you guys are not
that careful so I blame Obama completely
for that now of course you have Trump
who's a monster who doesn't care at all
so he's like thank you so much we're
rare actual thanks Obama for opening
that door I'm now going to fly through
it and and just take and say if they
were careful which they weren't I don't
want you to be careful at all go nuts do
more drone strikes don't even venom I
mean to say we're not even going to vet
them is unbelievable
what we do know here's what we know and
I'm not I I don't disagree with you at
all really on who bears responsibility
for the 633 400 800 civilians killed or
the Obama administration it's Obama and
you just have to right you prioritize
whether it was worth it was it worth it
fighting Saudi Arabia's war right so
obviously some people think so what I am
objecting to is the characterization
that the people doing it don't care I
don't know whether they care I have no
idea I imagine that they do and almost
to me worse is that they care and they
still make an assessment that this is
the kind of country we want that this is
still better so I just want to quickly
reply to what you said because I wish I
knew that the conversation would go in
this direction because I'd have the
article in front of me but several years
ago the intercept had this incredible
expose regarding drone strikes abroad
and the type of intelligence
that the Defense Department relies on in
order to give the green light for these
drone strikes and time and time again
that article exposed that they would
rely on what they knew was faulty Intel
and so they would rely on cell phone GPS
and it turns out that it was a cell
phone that actually belonged to a
completely innocent person drop a drone
strike on that person and so and and by
the way they would be alerted to these
issues and they completely ignored them
and so again the intercept reported this
several years ago I'm gonna look for the
story and tweet it out but it was it was
definitely illuminating and and that's
the kind of stuff that we need to stop
if we genuinely care about you know
stopping terrorism part of the way that
they keep count is body count and so hey
we killed X number of terrorists are
they actually terrorists that maybe we
got the wrong GPS maybe we got the wrong
cell phone or maybe we got the right
cell phone but he'd handed it to his mom
how many how many
I'm just curious since I didn't how many
jihadists did we kill these drone
strikes yeah all the numbers are
completely unreliable but then
ultimately then use your pantry make
that assessment suppose it's eight
thousand there's no way it was a pair
okay suppose it's five thousand okay
well whatever pick a number
four thousand four four hundred
civilians four thousand are we
comfortable killing about ten G right so
I mean that's a that's the conversation
that you want us to have as a country
but because we don't see it we don't we
don't see dead Americans we don't see
Americans put into harm's way
we certainly don't see dead civilians
that Americans killed for some reason
with this free media that we have with
the that with an unchecked media with
that we don't see it I think it would
change it if we saw it we we have we
have made war and death
totally antiseptic in this country and
it is a huge mistake and drone warfare
is antiseptic for us not for them I mean
think about it I we will put someone in
solitary confinement for who knows how
long if they have the audacity to leak
footage of us
you know bombing innocent people but or
bombing people in general so but
actually bombing innocent people yeah
gets you nothing support independent
media come join us the Young Turks TYT
Network calm slash join
