Public Policy Polling spoke to a
representative sample of Americans and
it turns out that it is not a popular
piece of legislation let's go to graphic
for only 24 percent of Americans support
the Graham Cassidy legislation the
health care bill Republicans are
furiously whipping to pass ahead of
September 30th only 20% of those polled
said that they thought the bill would
cover more Americans so it's just as
unpopular as the past proposals and you
know it's interesting because right now
the Senate GOP is catching heat from all
sides right so they they're catching
heat from the donors who want their tax
cuts they're catching heat from their
constituents who do not like this
legislation they do like the Medicaid
expansion they do like some of the
protections like the protection
regarding pre-existing conditions that
the Affordable Care Act provided for
them now sure during the Obama
administration everyone wants to go
ahead and hate Obama and talk about how
much they hate Obama care but when push
comes to shove the majority of Americans
actually do like and appreciate the
protections that it offers yes so to be
fair they did at one point bottomed out
at 17 percent so they one of their
health care proposals was slightly the
reason why this one is higher is because
it is because it hasn't been scored yeah
when they score comes in and it says 28
to 32 million probably 32 million
Americans will lose their health
coverage you know by 2026 well then
it'll have the same atrocious score than
every other bill except of course in
Alaska where everybody will keep the
Affordable Care Act coverage because
this bill would allow asking it the way
to get them to defeat Obama cares by
tantalizing them by allowing a state to
entirely keep Obamacare to get Lisa
Murkowski folks they need so let's talk
about the vector that we use to figure
out if something's going to be popular
on popular okay so there's a vector the
vector so there's a couple of factors
here to consider one is propaganda the
other is reality now in an in an issue
where there is almost no reality
propaganda Kane overwhelmed so for
example
as scare their voters about Sharia law
well there's no reality to that so the
propaganda can work completely
so that's never going to touch their
personal lives so they could go oh my
god is Sharia law is coming and I'm
doing a panic and we got to make sure we
defeated and I hate those guys and it
becomes an issue of identity et cetera
and but when you have an issue like
health care which is very real your
families either going to have health
care or it's not gonna have health care
you see they're gonna cover certain
things or it's not you either gonna pay
a certain number or you're not and
depending on those numbers someone in
your family might die it's the only
thing in plate is not just reality
there's also still overwhelming
propaganda but that prophet Canada is at
least met by reality in a clash and so
in this case no matter how much
propaganda they did Obamacare off that's
black guy did you know that okay and
it's said look it's not even if it's not
racial just the demagoguing about death
panels and all the things that they did
okay but when so that worked that work
to make Obama care underwater less than
50 percent populated for a long long
time to hold it tough throughout
throughout the Obama administration yeah
now though it has hit a wall of reality
where people are saying wait okay I got
me to hate Obamacare I because I didn't
really quite understand it like
diversion and canet in Kentucky by the
way they actually love and and Mitch
McConnell campaign pretending to be in
favor of it but they just called it
something else for propaganda purposes
right but now when you see when they see
the alternative and the alternative is
no you're gonna get health care and and
if you're a senior citizen we're gonna
charge you like four or five times more
what okay and it's gonna cover less
stuff and then 2030 million people are
not gonna have healthcare anymore
they're like I mean yeah the other guy
was black but I really want my health
care yeah I know you said the other guy
had death panels but without the health
care I'm gonna die so that kind of
sounds like a death panel to me so it's
just too much reality in this case for
the propaganda to overwhelm it hence 20%
is
durable yeah and you have you know you
got and they're and they're attempting
to the you know they're going on
television and they're talking it up and
they're arguing with Jimmy Kimmel we've
reached a very strange point I was
talking to Michael Shore today my
brother actually today and the in in
1977 if Johnny Carson had argued with a
Republican senator about the with Alan
Simpson right in 1977 or Howard Baker in
1977 about health care and one guy going
on Meet the Press and then Carson go on
his show and argue we would have thought
that's ridiculous
Johnny you're a comedian a late night
television do your interviews with Burt
Reynolds and and and move along a Burt
Reynolds was a movie star so uh you know
and and stay out of this lame which is
the line they're using now all the time
Jimmy Kimmel's wife is the head writer
on the show had a great tweet she said
no after what we've been through
it's our lame look out were merging
she's the head writer on Kimmel show
they've been married old wonder so uh so
uh but it would have been absurd where
is now we've entered into a place where
when I saw the headline from many on the
right the tweets from any on the right
how ridiculous is it that the the Jimmy
Kimmel was arguing with Bill Cassidy and
I thought I'm sure Jimmy Kimmel knows
far more about health care than Bo Cass
why one positive why would it be
ridiculous because he he went through it
so he had a crisis with his child he is
an empathetic human being and he talked
to other parents and he talked to
doctors and nurses and at some point
they asked hey what if we didn't have
this great insurance from Disney well
then oh my god that's horrible they're
like but you can get people get covered
now and there's no it's great right this
is a normal and he hasn't so and he read
in and he cared about it and I'm
certainly cares more about because Bill
Cassidy in every appearance yes
indicates he didn't even know what's in
the bill that has his name on it that's
right yeah so it's going along with that
the other part is that Sifl for 1977 is
that yeah it was far from perfect I'm
not idealizing though the good old days
but
was an actual intellectual debate and
principal debate from time to time about
some issues now it's all the difference
is littered with lies that's right and
so so when Cassidy and and Lindsey
Graham talk about oh my god we're gonna
help the red states here and the blue
states have been ripping you off people
think oh wait a minute though it's the
only reason the blue states are getting
more money now is because they signed up
for what was available and and some of
people who debunked that Republican line
is other Republicans war governors of
states like Ohio and Michigan ago no we
signed up for it because the government
is helping to the federal government is
helping to take care of our citizens
which we thought was a huge win so when
you say that that we're unduly getting
money in Ohio and Michigan led by
Republicans that's not true that's just
a lie and so when when you go around
pretending that hey you know what these
blues these red states are gonna be way
better off because the blue states were
ripping out the second part of that
equation is also not true the red states
are not going to be better off they are
eventually gonna have their Medicaid cut
that's a fact yeah and the Republican
governors like in my home state of
murrells
Larry Hogan the governor of Maryland um
Larry Hogan took the money right and
then right and and and in you know and
and they took the money in Ohio right
because it because it was the only life
because turning down the money was just
spiteful it was just an attempt to say
Obamacare is not coming here and the
people who suffer for it
were the poorest people and the neediest
people in your state that's all it was
and so there are and and many of these
Republican governors as Jack said have
come out now and so whether it's a
traditionally blue state like Maryland
or an actual red state like Alaska and
they're like well actually no yeah and
even some write about Alaska governor
blasquez say yeah yep they they were
trying to woo him but at the end he was
like no yeah I know you're trying to
entice me with more money but what
you're saying is just not true and and
by the way administrators and even the
deepest red states say no they are gonna
cut Medicaid I mean look maybe we're in
favor because we're Republicans that
were awesome but uh and
also become etiquette but they are in
fact going to cut Medicaid so it's so
they're lying so it's a different
dynamic
that's what deletes the frustration of
someone like Jimmy Kimmel going wait a
minute that's just not remotely true and
in Johnny Carson I don't think would
have been in a situation to be to be to
burst out like that because it was just
a different dynamic and finally speaking
of different dynamics now that they've
seen the alternative Obamacare polling
at 54% above water more than 50% popular
has gained in popularity every single
day they're like well I mean I they told
me Obamacare was bad they didn't tell me
that their proposal was way way worse
given that oh yeah I want pre-existing
conditions covered Obamacare not so bad
and look man if we lived in in any way
civilized political environment
Obamacare has problems right many of
those problems brought on by the states
that wouldn't take the Medicaid money
but also in areas where there isn't any
competition right so then a then there'd
be a civilized normal debate the kind
that we had at times in 1977 about
buttressing it about making it better
and fixing those problems which by the
way everyone involved with Obamacare is
water launch did everybody plan
thought would happen right I mean it
would have been demoted if Obama was
president he'd be like great
yes fix those problems all right you see
I lied I'm gonna say one super last
thing okay you know what's pulling it
three times the rate of the Republican
proposal man medicare-for-all at 60%
more popular than Obamacare and three
times as popular as the Republican
proposals can I say one thing cuz I
think I had a good idea and I don't have
a lot of involves reading my last week
but it's significant because that so my
thought was this is that Donald Trump
anytime he tweets about anything having
to do with the ACA right and repealing
it in his last was Rand Paul whoever
votes against the health care bill will
forever be known as the Republicans
saved Obamacare right so then you
subtweet that and you write essentially
what I wrote here which is the open
enrollment period a sign up for the ACA
health insurance for the 2018 starts
November 1st 2017
and runs through 12 15 and then linked
to the open enrollment which I actually
didn't do but I will when I do it again
like because Obama
there's Trump cut by 90% advertising for
that very fact part of that is getting
people because literally it doesn't want
people to sign up to get health care so
they cut that for 90 percent so if we
could take any time Donald Trump
mentions it and then use that to just
remind people hey you want to sign up
for 2018 and it's probably still gonna
be there because Graham Cassidy may be
dead now here's how to do it here's the
link to do it I think it'd be a really
effective way to to combat Donald Trump
if thousands and thousands of people did
help us build independent media together
come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
