there was a shooting that took place at
a Rite Aid distribution center in
Aberdeen Maryland three people died as a
result of the 26-year old female gunman
opening fire she then shot herself and
later died from the self-inflicted wound
now Sheriff Jeff Galler has more
information on this so let's take a look
at what he had to say immediately
deputies officers troopers other first
responders responded we were on scene
just in over five minutes
arriving law enforcement fire and EMS
units quickly paired up together got
into the building in order to render
first aid where appropriate treat
patients and attempt to locate a suspect
or suspects at this time I can confirm
multiple wounded and multiple fatalities
based on what we know right now and
again very preliminary the lone suspect
in this incident is in custody and is in
critical condition at a local hospital
it appears to be a single weapon that
was used a handgun and there were no
shots fired by any of the law
enforcement officers responding to the
scene we do not believe that there's an
additional threat anywhere to our
Harford County community we have set up
a family reunification center working
with the county executive in our county
partners at the level volunteer fire
house so the suspect was pronounced dead
shortly after that press conference to
be clear she did die from a
self-inflicted wound so far we don't
know what the motive was but we do know
that she was a temporary employee in
this facility
so who isn't sick of these same scene
over and over again police officer at a
press conference saying you know we had
a shooting multiple dead multiple
wounded there was another crazy story in
Texas today about how some guys got in a
fight over a mattress and then shot
their neighbor and the old days they
might have fought somebody might have
lost a tooth but everybody's got guns
so everybody use them you might have
gotten upset at work and maybe you would
a curse once or twice now you come in
with a gun and you kill people so is it
the guns absolutely let me show
two stats here America owns nearly half
of all the guns in the world amazing 48%
of the guns in the world are owned by
Americans and does that lead to more
mass shootings dancer's absolutely let
me show you another chart this one
tracks guns versus mass shootings where
the most guns and the most mass
shootings and other countries that have
very little guns have very little mass
shootings that is not a coincidence so
far this year we have had a nearly one
mass shooting a day which is what
happens now every year in America so
it's gotten to a point where most people
don't even report mass shootings anymore
yeah that's right in fact Gabby Giffords
who was obviously a former politician
and was also the victim of a shooting
said the following and highlighted other
shootings that just happened in the same
time frame three workplace active
shooting attacks in just the last 24
hours
should spark outrage in every American
today it was a drugstore distribution
center in Maryland yesterday a software
firm in Wisconsin and a Municipal
Building in Pennsylvania I mean now
there are so many mass shootings in
America they have their own categories
or we had three workplace mass shootings
in the last 24 hours so sometimes people
ask me like hey I'm gonna go abroad do
you think that country is safe are not
safe how could it be less safe than here
so unless you're going to Afghanistan
know if you leave here you probably have
a much better chance of being safe
because there's shootings everywhere
non-stop all across America because we
have lost our minds over guns the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
