Mediate has published an eight minute
long video featuring MSNBC host lawrence
o'donnell losing his patience with his
crew now this was leaked and whoever
leaked it is a bad actor it's not cool
you shouldn't have done it
however the video was awesome
and a lot of and I debated whether or
not we should talk about this
and ultimately I came to the conclusion
that we should like that standard if
something is too fun well what are we
gonna do okay okay look I know that some
people might look at this as oh it's
damaging his reputation no I don't think
it's that big of a deal and I'll let you
judge for yourself he did apologize for
it via Twitter on Twitter I'll give you
that apology in just a second but first
let's get to the fun stuff okay we have
a ton of clips let's go to the first one
what's going on why am i losing this why
don't I have sound all right it's back
someone's pressing buttons and turning
my sound off who was who's asking for a
Labor Day run down in my ear okay all
right now look this is this is he's not
on air okay but the cameras are always
rolling and when I was at MSNBC it was
cognizant of this but you know they just
ya know it's not even that you forget
it's just stuff's going on right yeah
and me I get hungry because I'm running
the whole days through the youngters two
hours MSNBC an hour like so I be eating
a banana all fair I was like can't wait
for these tapes to be released one day
I'm eating a banana right so somebody
has those tapes that work yeah so that's
how I kind of feel bad for Laura's here
and he's genuinely frustrated about
things he probably should be frustrated
if you've never had an earpiece in your
ear it is super annoying
now of course you get used to it Anna's
got one right now but and if somebody's
constantly talking and you're trying to
concentrate it is grating so that's my
defense of them and I'm with you Anna
it's too amusing and I feel bad but
you're like oh no oh it's so good but it
gets better okay so look understand that
when you're doing a live show and you do
a live
show with an establishment cable news
outlet like there's so much pressure for
everything to be perfect and polished
and you have to be that perfect little
robot right just like let loose I get it
there's something going on with your ear
right there's some sort of technological
issue just be honest with your audience
and move on with your life it's not the
end of the world but he's conditioned to
like freak out as soon as there's a tech
issue so alright that's just the
beginning let's take a look at the next
one god damn it sorry Lauren sorry but
it is funny come on D when you sew but
that's that's the Anna's point and
that's why this actually isn't is worthy
it's not just a bigger Loris who's
obviously having a bad day but because
TV's so fake that's why I like you going
he was a alright back on the program
here which is exactly what O'Reilly did
Jana it's okay you can come back home to
be freshly at the top of this show and
it holds somebody to turn on the monitor
here it's okay yeah I know what the
audience thought the monitor wasn't on
everybody just bring it down be human
for a second yeah it in fact even the
anger makes you more human yeah so okay
I know he loses it but this didn't make
me dislike him it just showed his human
side and you never see the human side of
people and it just made me appreciate
him as a human like it's okay okay we
all have our our meltdowns it's not the
end of the world let's take a look at
the next one though and tragedy and into
that tragedy today step to the President
of the United States there's insanity in
the control room tonight
okay I'm gonna use that life from now on
and we got to get that on the sound
board there's insanity in the control
room tonight
oh these comments about the control room
get better next one someone in that
control room is out of control and I'm
gonna use it against you guys in the
control room okay so he's now he's lost
it he's really upset his earpiece still
is not functioning properly and someone
tries to help him out
here's his reaction who had been missing
since Sunday morning
you have insanity in my earpiece don't
don't leave it there it's not my
earpiece it's somebody talking on our
lines fuck is out of control do it on
there it'll be fun do alive laughs what
does it mean to play us out that wasn't
him that was Bill O'Reilly okay all
right now there's an issue with
construction happening in the building
and Jenkins this and yes also lost his
patience so this was it brought back
memories for me made me very nostalgic
take a look off the hammering stop the
hammering out there who's got a hammer
where is it where's the hammer is it on
the go up on the other floor somebody go
up there and stop the hammering stop the
hammering
I'll go down to the goddamn floor myself
and stop and keep the goddamn commercial
break going call fucking Phil Griffin I
don't care who the fuck you have to call
stop the hammering empty out the goddamn
control room and find out where this is
going on it's either there or there or
out there somewhere it's either north or
south or east or west of Tikrit that's
where the weapons of mass destruction a
hammer this mass destruction is okay so
you're right Ana almost exactly what
happened with me
so again Lawrence we emphasize in some
ways man and so I know he's having a
hard time now and yes we're laughing and
everybody is it's okay you'll laugh one
day too
okay but so now I didn't do it on air
but it was literally drilling in the
room above our heads when we were on I
think it was there America at the time
and we're all doing online video too but
I got on the phone with the landlord and
I let it rip
I've never I've never heard genk loses
temper like that and you guys have seen
him lose his temper on the show so
you've heard him get loud but that was
it was scary
like you got they got real quiet in the
office okay and I think look on this one
I probably the reason I got leaked is
because somebody didn't feel good about
being yelled at and they're like I don't
know if you know this I have a pay
they're probably furiously trying to
find who that is right now as we speak
and the issue there was that it would
least appeared that he was punching down
and that's the no no yeah I agree with
you because so when I was yelling at the
landlord I was punching it up right I
wasn't like randomly pick a person in
the control room and be like you
sumbitch I'm coming for you and and
again over-the-top like defensive Lloris
in a sense of that like he's super
frustrated and this thing's kind of ba
ba ba bomb in his ear and and nobody's
making it stop and it's like for some
kin I'm not making it up there actually
is hammering in my ear can someone make
it stop the Phil Griffin that re
referred to as my old friend Phil friend
who runs MSNBC yeah yeah okay
I should have that on the sound board -
somebody call fuckin Phil Griffin
alright I want to skip ahead to the last
video video 15 because it just kind of
summarizes all the things that went
wrong take a look I don't know why I
bother to say how to cut the slots when
you don't do it I just don't I don't
know why I just so now I have to chase
those stupid goddamn entrails that you
allowed him to stick out there Jesus
Christ crazy fuckin sound coming in my
ear this fucking stupid hammering I told
you why I wanted those fucking words cut
it just fucking sucks it fucking sucks
to be out here with this out-of-control
shit any fuckin thing can come in on my
ear at any moment that's what I know
anybody can get into my fuckin ear at
any time some woman talking about what
we're doing after the show
fucking guests faces coming up in the
middle of a fucking script dude like
that's I'm so happy we don't have
teleprompters cuz you you become a slave
to that script right you become so
conditioned to read from a freaking
teleprompter that like you forget how to
be a human and just talk about the news
like a human being and by the way like
this is not his fault that's just the
model of television news that's what
they do that's what you learn when
you're in journalism school you learn
how to operate a fucking teleprompter as
part of your journalism program right
like that is so old-school and it it not
only disconnects you from the topic that
you're talking about it disconnects you
from the audience just be a human it's
okay the script all right some woman's
face is popping up in your script on the
teleprompter it's fine you know a story
talk about the story it's impossible on
telephony says that is all these things
covering in my ear
we have the Star Trek weather the bugs
the alien bugs go inside their ears and
you take over the brains anyway but it
is it is a metaphor for overly produced
television yes where there are all these
different people speaking to you about
what you should say and it's so you know
well they think it's well put together
but it's actually overly produced so we
don't look all this is like the fun and
games like I've thrown pens down before
whatever okay and you had a bad day
we've all had bad days in some ways
again it makes us relate to you and more
human but it's not allowed on TV and
everything has to be perfect but it's
like manicured in a way that's so
artificial that we're vomiting the the
the fakeness and then people can't stand
anymore
in fact when I talk to people on the
street about why they watch us when they
come up to me they all say the same a
real genuine and it's and then one of
them just said in New York it made me
realize like in hindsight how much
they're acting on TV right and so
Lawrence I know a little bit and he's a
really smart guy and often times fun guy
a really fun guy right and he and he's
having a bad day there but that's why I
instance for me it's not personal at all
I like him
but that's why I called most the folks
on TV news actors not news anchors
because somebody's messing with his
script and he gets really frustrating if
you didn't have a script in the first
place that that'd be a different
scenario right and that's not to say
that he couldn't be a news anchor like I
think that he does know the smart guy
so I just feel like you know look I
don't know what the the repercussions
would be if you decided you know what
fuck the script I'm just gonna do the
news okay without the script because I
know what I'm talking about I don't know
if there would be no I know there are
consequences literally in that same seat
and so this is really interesting and
we'll talk more about this in the
postgame to give you the fuller story
TYT Network comm /join to get the
postgame and become a member
okay just but real quick first of all I
remember when I was coming on right
after Obama had given a live speech
about the Egyptian revolution
and I said look guys I'm gonna keep it
real with you on what Obama said and
immediately there was coming in my there
was a producer in my earpiece saying
don't don't keep it real because there's
a lot of figures that is amazing yeah
I'll tell you the full story like I said
literally that was a literal thing that
was said to me and so why do they have
prompters one day I said hey look man
I've been doing prompt lewis back then
for 10 years well let me go properly
like no I'm like why it wasn't that they
wanted it perfectly produced that was a
huge part of the equation but when you
really peeled it back it was because the
management reads the scripts ahead of
time yeah they want to control it and
that's right and so the reason they have
a prompter is so that you don't say
anything off message like against an
advertiser against politicians that
hasn't been pre vetted and that's the
real problem of television real quick
lawrence o'donnell did apologize for
this he said a better anchorman and a
better person would have had a better
reaction to technical difficulties i'm
sorry that's a great apology it is a
great apology i think it's a great
apology had he liked been this crazy
tyrant i think he went a little too far
like you're fine dude it's fine if
you're gonna be okay yeah but it doesn't
feel that way I'm sure he's getting a
ton of heat and everybody's making fun
of him online and so yeah it's it's bad
it feels really bad like I said another
thing I'll tell you in the postgame one
time I got my sister in a lot of trouble
and I said one day we'll laugh about
this she said we will never laugh about
this I think that's probably what
Laura's feeling dinner but that's not
true one day you will laugh about yeah
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
