late-night talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel
has been incredibly critical of
Republicans in the Senate and how
they're trying to jam or rush a vote on
a replacement plan for the Affordable
Care Act now recently he criticized
Senator Bill Cassidy because Bill
Cassidy promised him that if he ever
co-authored co-sponsored or supported
any type of legislation report replacing
Obamacare it would pass the so-called
Jimmy Kimmel test indicating that
everyone would be covered regardless of
whether or not they have a pre-existing
condition
well Jimmy Kimmel realize that because
of a lack of cost controls people with
pre-existing conditions under the
Republican plan would get charged
exorbitant premiums and wouldn't be able
to afford their health care so he
criticizes cassadee cassadee hits back
at him with this statement what is your
response senator I'm sorry he does not
understand Kimmel wasn't gonna let that
stand so he just recently did another
monologue where he hit back at Cassidy
and said the following oh I get it I
don't understand because I'm a talk-show
host right well then help me out which
part don't I understand is it the part
where you cut 243 billion from federal
health care assistance am I not
understanding the part where states
would be allowed to let insurance
companies price you out of coverage for
having pre-existing conditions which
part of that am I not understanding or
could it be senator Cassidy that the
problem is that I do understand and that
you got caught with your geo penis out
is that possible because it feels like
it is mr. Nick in will the new walk face
was amazing yeah Kim was getting a ton
of credit for pointing out things that
are obvious and I'm let me join in in
that credit thank God he did because we
have this weird media and political
atmosphere in America where you need a
comedian to say something for people to
pay attention to it and and it's partly
because the Democratic Party is not very
good at their jobs they should have been
screaming from the hilltops about this
it's also partly because the mainstream
media is terrible at their job because
why do you why are you leaving it to a
comedian to say the truth so why can't
CNN say it doesn't cover
preexisting conditions it doesn't it
doesn't why don't they say hey you know
what
and I know they'll never ever want to do
this because oh my god then people in
power might be upset with them but to
say what Kimmel said no that Senator is
lying President Trump is lying all the
Republicans who claimed us that it
covers for existing condition and is not
true that's not an opinion that's a fact
whether you think you should cover
pre-existing conditions or not is it
opinion does it cover it that's a fact
so what that's why the Kimmel stands out
because the rest of the media is so bad
at their job so that's why people like
oh my god somebody actually said the
truth that's crazy they love to say that
on TV well I think what Kimmel does and
I think it's important is he makes
something that could be considered
complex like a policy idea that could be
considered complex accessible to people
who aren't necessarily in politics like
it seems obvious to us because we live
it we breathe it it's everyday for us
but for a lot of people especially
people who watch those late-night shows
or you know are more into like the
entertainment world maybe they were
never aware of these things and having
Kimmel kind of break it down the way he
does is is great I love that he's doing
it now Kimmel was also recently attacked
by Brian Kilmeade Brian Kilmeade made a
point on his show about how oh the Emmys
had such terrible ratings because of the
fact that it was highly politicized
apparently Kimmel hasn't learned
anything from that alright some things
politically charged Emmys may have been
the lowest rate in history but that's
not stopping Hollywood elites like
comedian Jimmy Kimmel for pushing their
politics on the rest of the country
watch is he actually portraying the
Graham Cassidy bill properly last night
on his late-night show joining us now is
Senator Lindsey Graham one of the
co-sponsors of that bill Center he went
off on you and senator Cassidy directly
well uh Kimmel hit back at Brian
Kilmeade as well and Jimmy Kimmel did
not like that introduction to the Graham
segment and decides to take a personal
attack on me and the reason I found this
comment to be particularly annoyance
because this is a guy Brian Kilmeade
who whenever I see him kisses my ass
like a little
he asked me to write a blurb for his
book which I did he calls my agent
looking for projects he's dying to be a
member of the Hollywood elite member
pollies because nobody will hire him to
be one and you know the reason I'm
talking about this because my son had I
hope it aren't surgery that has to have
two more and because of that I learned
that there are kids with no insurance in
the same situation I don't get anything
out of this Brian you phony little creep
Oh Brian Kilmeade is a phony little
creep
Wow man I give kill me credit for
running it on his own show I'm right man
that you're hurt dawg I don't know if
you know that but don't ask him if he's
our oh and he makes it very clear that
he's hurt right so he yes okay sure
give him credit for airing that entire
rant by Kimmel but I think what actually
makes kill me look worse was his
response to that on his own show so I
want to get right to it take a look for
him to go out and attack me personally
and try to get into my personality and
wants to be a Hollywood celebrity I've
never I was out there for a while I was
doing sports came back here and after
doing sports for 20 years was been at
Fox why would I ever leave the number
one network in all of cable not only
news and the number one Morning Show in
the country through all these
consequential events to go out to in Los
Angeles and do entertainment I mean what
at what point is that no one will hire
him it's not even based in fact okay
so he is saying he does not want to be
part of the Hollywood elite yes he has
reached out to Jimmy Kimmel told him
he's a fan asked him to write the blurb
in the book he confessed to all of that
stuff but does not want to be part of
the Hollywood elite not interested at
all but one thing that he wants to
definitely clear up is that he's not
little
he explains for him to go that crazy and
attacked me personally so when I get the
up in the morning all of a sudden said
just saying Brian told me that's this
question he's terrible at his job you
have to attack me personally and I guess
this little you said this
or something like that I'm 510 174 I'm
sorry that's not good enough for you
but I just think if you look at the
average chart of a male in America I
think I'm pretty much on target and I
don't kiss your butt I think you're good
at your job so if I say nice things I'm
not kissing up to you so you're in the
political fray now and we'll see what
happens from here well you know what I
almost feel bad for him yeah no no
because he I mean his no I don't feel
bad for everything that he has said that
his has been so incredibly deplorable
just rush back into my brain and I just
I have no love for kill me however I
think that last clip that we showed you
guys perfectly illustrates a point that
I've been trying to make but I don't
think I've articulated well look people
like Kilmeade people like some of the
guys on the alt-right they're just their
egos are bruised right they don't feel
good about themselves they don't feel
confident and they're like just they
have all this pent up tension and I mean
like if someone called me Oh like okay
Ann Coulter for instance during our
debate called me an old Soviet woman
right I know I'm not old so when she
said it I just like rolled off my back
did not care at all and I moved on to
whatever answer I was giving to the
debate question but I'm not insecure
about my age and so someone calling me
old doesn't bother me in the least bit
but with Kilmeade he heard the word
little and he panicked right he's like
oh my god I have to now defend my size
which is ridiculous like why would you
even get into that we're having a debate
about health care so anyway that stood
out to me okay so yeah and Bryan when he
calls you a phony little creep he's not
talking about any part of your body it's
not the point he's trying to make so you
don't have to get into stats about your
weight and size stuff anyway so look I
think Kim will hit him pretty damn hard
with that he's kissing my ass and stuff
and you can tell from killman's reaction
that it's largely true
that I mean he wasn't like no I never
complimented no I didn't ask for him to
sign my book he did it's obvious not
signed but do the book blurb so I mean I
you could sense in that that's why as a
lay by for a second I'm and I'm not as
harsh as an honest winner I'm still feel
bad for the guy because I mean Kimmel
took a blowtorch to this dudes knee and
and he's like hoppin around like what is
the criticism that we have for Democrats
or liberals the constant criticism
they're too weak they're too weak right
so Republicans will punch you in the
face and you know Democrats will sit
around or liberals will sit around and
have a discussion about whether or not
it's okay to do any type of micro
aggression no no not micro aggression
big aggression macro aggression okay go
after these bad guys and I'm not talking
about physically okay I'm talking about
going after their ideas in an aggressive
manner and and not letting up I think
that we give up too easily and when I
say we I don't mean us specifically but
as as an ideology we will kneel as like
the second we're asked to kneel it
drives me crazy
yeah and that's of course the old
Democratic Party which we can't stand on
the show so look one last thing that's
Pro kilmeade what is that he did so
let's be fair he did say at the end he
said about chemo continue to do a great
job and best of luck with your son
that's nice that was kind of classy okay
it was it was classy okay now back to
the essence of the story which is like
all this stuff is fun but the bottom
line is who's right and so kill me
thesis on that is he said well you know
if you're gonna talk about this stuff he
said quote you should know what you're
doing talk to the people that wrote it
and he says like we do like he they had
Lindsay grandma know but that's not the
correct way to find out what's in the
bill you're asking a partisan who wrote
the bill and and Kimmel's right the
politicians come on your air and lie to
you all the time so I was kidding around
on Twitter I didn't mean it like like
I'm not going after Kim or anything I
was just being a little snarky saying
you know oh do they the politicians lie
of course of course like this is not a
breaking news event but to the media
that's why they're like oh my god
somebody said to politicians like Wow
all right so anyway bless his heart for
saying that and so to kill me you're
wrong just having that politician come
on until I to you and your audience is
not at all helpful in fact Jimmy Kimmel
did have the guy on if he had Cassidy
out of the first place that's how this
whole thing got started yeah I guess it
he lied to his face right and that's why
Kimmel went on the rant that he did and
so he's not as familiar with politics so
then he was kind of personally outraged
that this guy told me a lie can't quite
believe that right so and the facts are
on Jimmy Kimmel side they are cutting
health care by two hundred and forty
three billion dollars he didn't even get
in this but by the way the real reason
they're doing is because they have an
even bigger tax cut for the rich inside
this bill which they never talked about
that's the real purpose of this bill and
yes it does not cover pre-existing
conditions and finally look the facts
are an aside and finally part of the
reason that it's working and people are
in Kimmel side is because covering
pre-existing conditions is incredibly
popular its popular not the whole
country and it's even popular among
Republicans so when he does the job of
what the of the press what they should
be doing and calling Cassidy the liar
that he actually is and Trump then
tweeted I would not sign Graham Cassidy
if it did not include coverage of
pre-existing conditions it does a great
bill repeal and replace that's just not
true it's another lie it's a definitive
lie so not only is Kimmel right that
that they're lying but he's also right
that it's a very popular provision in
the country that's why they're having to
lie about it and it's great that even
though he doesn't need it because he's
wealthy and could have taken care of his
son it made him empathize with people
he's like are you kidding me if you
don't have insurance what the kids their
kids are gonna die isn't that terrible
and yes most Americans think it's
terrible Fox and Friends doesn't Lindsey
Graham doesn't Cassidy doesn't Trump
doesn't well then somebody's got to tell
people that that's the case
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
