since the election of Donald Trump there
has been an increased activity among ice
officials one tactic that they have
really ramped up is going to courthouses
and waiting outside to essentially go
after people that they believe are
undocumented immigrants now this has a
number of negative implications
including messing with our justice
system and making people feel unsafe or
uncomfortable going to the courts when
there's an issue now there's also the
issue of racial profiling which was very
evident in a story that recently broke
featuring ice officials who approached
the wrong Latino man that they thought
was an undocumented immigrant now the
video that we're about to show you was
shot at the Washington County Courthouse
in Oregon it is a disturbing video but
it gives you a sense of what people
American citizens are currently going
through in this country take a look do
you have a warrant
are you with ice
do you have a warrant for arrest what's
your plan any identification do you have
a chain identification what is this you
can show them this we do not know you
please back away from my keys back from
our car before we call the cops we have
one two three four five agents these
ring we have three cars they're asking
my husband for his identification we
have no idea who can you people are we
literally just walked out of the
courtroom and we're being approached
right now this is ridiculous it is
absolutely ridiculous
okay this woman asked my husband away
his first and last name was asking for
his eye he showed a mugshot to him and
and told him that that was him it was
not even the same picture without issues
okay so the man that they approached is
Ysidro Andrade - fulla and he is a US
citizen he was not the person that they
were looking for they just approached a
guy that they thought looked like the
person they were looking for he did
refuse to give the agents his ID but he
did tell them his name they then took
the photo out of this man showed it to
him and then just refused to believe him
when he said That's not me you have the
wrong person
this is this is madness and by the way I
didn't realize that ice officials
approached you in plainclothes
if that woman in jeans and a green
hoodie approached me and my husband
asking for identification I wouldn't
take her seriously I'd be like I don't
know who you are
pause okay yeah so there's two different
issues here so the ACLU says is a clear
case of racial profiling I think that
depends on the context so let me explain
I if they thought that that guy with a
mug shot that they're looking for was in
court that day for some reason didn't
know then you could make an approach to
a person who looks like him and say and
figure out if it's him or not if they're
stalking the courthouse looking for
Latinos that are coming out of it then
that's racial profiling and it's crazy
and and so and they assured us no no no
this is only for the bad hombres and etc
but when you go around asking random
Latinos for their papers
no that's gestapo-like stuff so I would
just need more information to figure out
which one is which here and so but ice
is not getting back to anybody so we
don't know that there was someone in
that courthouse right that matches that
same exact description what I am clear
on is that regardless of your
immigration status even if you are in
the country and you are undocumented you
are protected by the US Constitution you
have constitutional rights that is not
something that is my opinion that is
based on precedent set by numerous
Supreme Court rulings okay so
undocumented immigrants have
constitutional rights
if you start harassing Latinos as
they're walking out of courtrooms think
about what you do to the justice system
and think about what you do to the
rights of not just undocumented
immigrants but American citizens you
don't want to instill fear in people to
the point where they feel uncomfortable
going to a courthouse or feel
uncomfortable reporting to the
authorities if there has been a crime if
they've been the victim of a crime
there's been numerous cases countless
cases of undocumented women who are
either abused beaten up raped and they
feel like they can't go to the cops
because they worried that they're gonna
be the ones punished as a result of this
there are protections for those women by
the way and so if there's now you know a
number of stories making headlines
featuring these ice officials harassing
people as they're coming out of
courtrooms that's a huge problem I think
that that should be banned okay so well
so let's that leads up me to the second
issue at hand and this one's much
clearer and cops do this from telling
them I literally had this happen to me
is a long time ago but sometimes cops
will be undercover that's normal and if
you certainly if you're Intel trading a
gang or whatever you're gonna be
undercover but we get that but when you
go to detain someone you can't just
assume that they'll assume you're a cop
that's right how do we know you're a cop
and cops get really offended when you
ask a Friday that's what happened to me
and they did a false arrest on me which
they then had to withdraw okay and it's
not illegal to ask for your ID in fact
it's the most legal thing I could do
because otherwise we were gonna get
kidnapped random people come and pretend
to be police officers and take them off
the streets but they feel like in in
this case and it's not cops it's ice but
that they're above the law well that's
the kind of lawlessness that's the
trouble at hand so if people have
constitutional rights and American
citizens and an undocumented immigrants
definitely do according to the Supreme
Court well then you should approach them
in a legal way so if you're looking for
a guy go up in your you know or even if
you're in undercover for whatever reason
and I don't know the particulars of that
case with a guy they were looking for
but when you go up to a guy to detain
him you got to show my badge you got
so that they know you're cops because I
don't know if you know first of all even
if he is guilty that's the right way to
do it that's the legal way to do it and
second of all you don't always get the
right guy so you might be scaring the
hell out of an average citizen and they
don't know if they're about to get put
into a van and if it was the right guy
why are you guys undercover what why
can't you just be ice and say hey I got
the bad guy and I'm gonna put them and
I'm gonna detain him like it makes it
look like it's go-time and you're gonna
throw them in the back of a van if it
turns out you did get the right guy
right that's not the right procedure
either right I mean I just think about
yourself in that position where you're
approached by those very people that
approach this American citizen okay
would you I mean I think that the
situation would probably even escalate
if I were involved because I'd be like
who's this random woman like bothering
me like who are you you know like you're
asking me for ID I don't know who you
are and I get angry and and you know the
fact that they kind of kept things under
control is pretty miraculous because
again they refuse to answer any
questions and they kept insisting that
this guy was someone that he wasn't by
the way if you missed that the guy in
the ice vest that showed up but he was
the committed presumably the lead agent
and he said that's not him let's get out
of here yeah okay and look if you're the
law you don't have to do things in this
weird surreptitious way and you don't
have to like get throw people in vans so
you don't have to run if it's just a
simple matter of identifying yourself
are you this person yes then you're
under arrest no then you're not sorry to
detain you for a minute while we found
out people aren't gonna freak out if you
come up to him and go hey here's a guy
who looks like you is that you oh it's
not you okay yeah but will you go up to
him like a Rando like give me your idea
and then you're like come out of a
frickin vehicle that was waiting for
them they're like what is going on this
is what we're worried about that all of
a sudden it appears like you're doing
racial profiling of random people and
you've got this feeling of lawlessness
at ice because they've done this in the
past we told you about somebody gave a
political speech about being
undocumented ice pulls up after a speech
grabs her and then
with serwe what we have like we're going
to start putting hoods over people's
heads and this is not how ideas I know
right this is not how a legal society
ruled by law should operate help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
