they're facing a September 30th deadline
it's a race against the clock they've
got ten days to overhaul the health care
system where everybody lives doesn't
know anything that has made this bill so
unpopular there's also the fact that it
portrays virtually everything he
campaigned on it is quite literally a
massive tax cut for the wealthy paid for
by taking health care away from millions
of people if your baby is going to die
and it doesn't have to it shouldn't
matter how much money you make I think
that's something now whether you're a
Republican or Democrat or something else
we all agree on that right I mean can't
you just be funny what about the comedy
just politicizing your baby with a
pre-existing health condition past the
Jimmy Kimmel a humor test these are
things people say when they a don't
bother to read things and just trust
them what's doing the right thing for
them and spoiler alert they aren't and B
are turning into sociopaths Inc to blind
ideology seriously do I have to make a
video explaining why we should give a
 about each other that human
suffering is bad that children should
die because their parents aren't very
wealthy that even that tool Jimmy Fallon
is starting to understand the weight of
what's going on
even though The Tonight Show isn't a
political show it's my responsibility to
stand up against intolerance and
extremism as a human being you may have
been following the story of a better
late-night talk-show host also named
Jimmy Jimmy Kimmel and his
five-month-old son Billy Billy was born
with a rare heart defect a pre-existing
condition that could turn deadly if his
parents couldn't afford to pay to treat
him luckily for Billy his dad is very
wealthy but what about kids of
middle-class parents what about
low-income families do their lives mean
less Kimmel being decent decided that no
no one deserves the misery of watching
their kid die because they can't afford
to save them no one should have to bury
their children because of shitty health
care so Kimmel started speaking out
about it even though Republican health
care bills wouldn't affect him
personally he spoke out about it and
because he is famous people actually
listened to a real flesh-and-blood
problem instead of mentally distancing
themselves or deciding it could never
ever happen to them and when Republican
Senator Bill Cassidy lied to Kimmel
space saying his bills would cover kids
who need care no matter how much money
their parents had Kimmel called him out
too we want quality affordable health
care dozens of other countries there's a
dollar bill down our throats we pitch in
and be a part of that I'm sure they
could use a guy with your medical
background and if not stop using my name
okay because I don't want my name on it
there's a new Jimmy Kimmel test for you
it's called a lie-detector test you're
welcome to stop by the studio and take
it in and it was absolutely the right
thing to do yes even though he's an
entertainer yes
even though entertainers typically don't
talk about politics and supports the
status quo I want to be clear this is
not a left and right issue and if you're
picking a side based on that you're an
asshole this is a profound moral issue
this is an issue where politicians
abandon their constituents in favor of
that sweet sweet campaign donation money
from health insurance companies which by
the way make money by booting sick
people off the rolls and to their deaths
and was fed billions fighting universal
health care instead of you know treating
patients this is an issue of Obama care
being fine and not perfect but a major
step up but Republicans fighting tooth
and nail to kill it because it has the
word Obama in
the GOP had years to come up with a
functional comprehensive healthcare
alternative and instead of trying to
force yet another rushed awful plan that
will irreparable harm us did you know
the Graham Cassady Heller plan will
terminate coverage for an estimated 32
million Americans it will also cut
coverage for seniors children and people
with disabilities bring back lifetime
limits and discriminates against people
with pre-existing conditions and yes
that represents 52% of Americans under
65 and will result in many unnecessary
deaths
it'll also send premiums into an
estimated 20 percent spike this year
alone cut medicaid cut state medical
funding in particular blue state medical
funding severely impact rural hospitals
and eliminate essential services which
includes emergency care mental health
care and hospitalization and let's say
you've committed the sin of being a
woman
birth control isn't covered pregnancy
maternity and newborn care aren't
included and if you've ever been
pregnant your annual premium could shoot
up to 17 K have metastatic cancer make
it 172 Kay do you have that extra money
lying around do you want to bet that
much you won't get cancer with this
horror show a plan if you don't die
you're probably bankrupt our Republicans
trying to force a bunch of people into
real life Breaking Bad this is literally
the premise from the pilot so yeah
comedians celebrities and other notables
are politicizing like never before
because they have to because fancy them
as humans and if they bring this
distinctly human problem to light people
will realize this health care plan is
bad for humans and to treat it agnostic
lis with the same or less significant
than childish partisan line-drawing is
distinctly inhumane and immoral Trump
created an environment so terrible and
clearly for profit over people that
comics have had to ditch their dick
jokes and silly dancing and instead
present viewers with extremely important
topics that are literally life and death
so when you complain that people
politicize too much maybe also consider
why they have to and for the love of
breathing call your senator now i'm kim
Horcher i wrote this you can follow me
on twitter at at kim scorcher on
facebook at kim Horcher official and on
instagram at kim Horcher
you
