yesterday a huge earthquake struck a
town near Mexico City and unfortunately
today the number of individuals who were
found dead increased the last time we
reported this story the death toll was
up to a hundred people now unfortunately
it has more than doubled to 225 people
authorities are expected to find more
dead bodies as they try to recover
bodies from underneath rubble
now the 7.1 magnitude quake turned
dozens of buildings in central Mexico
into dust and debris killing at least
225 people it occurred at a depth of 32
miles which experts consider to be
shallow and thus more destructive so the
more shallow you know it is the more
damage it's likely to cause the more
deaths are likely to result from this
earthquake 25 bodies 21 of them children
were found in the debris of the Enrique
robbed some in school in Mexico City's
co-op adikted not only face a
significant amount of damage but had
students in them meaning that kids died
as a result of this earthquake as well
more than 2,000 public schools suffered
damage in the quake and less than two
weeks ago a magnitude 8.1 earthquake
struck off Mexico's southern coast
killing at least 90 people now the
earthquake that struck yesterday
happened on the same day it was the 30
30 second anniversary of a giant
earthquake that struck the same area in
1985 and the fact that it this latest
earthquake fell on the same day is crazy
and anyone who knows anything about
earthquakes you can't really predict
them however there is an unintentional
like slight positive thing that had
happened on this day in particular and I
talked to highmane a bunch of people
that are on the ground before coming on
the show today and what they were
telling me is that every single year
because that earthquake was so
devastating they will have earthquake
drills and on that day right before the
earthquake struck two hours before
actually
they had already had done an earthquake
drill so it was fresh on their minds so
that's the reason why a lot of that
damage could have like human lives were
mitigated in some capacity and another
reason why 200 people is a lot of people
of course and this is devastating it's
terrible but in comparison to the 32
years ago the earthquake that happened
32 years ago
where 10,000 people died and also 5,000
people could not be found within the
rubble they say that the numbers are
slated to go all the way up to a
thousand but again because Mexico City
has been impacted before they were ready
for it
obviously they changed the code and
regulation around how these buildings
should be built and the buildings that
crumbled and fell were mostly had
structural damage from the previous
earthquakes an older building and that
just speaks to the importance of
regulation and I'm not talking about
over regulating things but building
regulation to mitigate the potential
damage and destruction of natural
disasters makes a lot of sense and when
hurricane Harvey struck you know there
was quite a bit of criticism in regard
to new developments that didn't take
regulations into consideration and as a
result you know led to more damage that
put more people in harm's way right a
lotta had to do with where they were
building right um in addition to how
they were building but where they were
building a lot of what's necessary in a
floodplain is to you for you to have
natural areas where all that water can
go but with an increased housing demand
as the economics of the area boomed they
kind of changed they shuffled around
their priorities and it ended up putting
a lot of concrete down instead of
natural waste areas where they could
channel all the water Mexico Seas is an
interesting situation because not only
is the shallow depth of this earthquake
important because it increases the
amount of damage that it creates but it
also increases the likelihood for there
to be aftershocks and you and I kind of
spoke about this yesterday one of the
psychological tools in earthquake like
this in addition to it just like being
you reliving that
moment over and over again in your head
is that you have to relive it all be it
a little bit less intensely in the
aftershocks that follow and if you go on
snapchat this is actually a these are
some flat bottom boats in some of the
areas in the canals that have been there
for a very long time that you just see I
mean this is the initial earthquake
since then there have been many many
aftershocks in one place you can
actually check that out as snapchat has
this map feature that you can go into
and you can see people updating and you
see both the devastation but you also
really can see people uniting it was
interesting when it happened yesterday
you can see if you remember the Occupy
Wall Street movement they had people did
that the people's megaphone right in the
streets just to get people to be quiet
everyone was raising their hands and if
everyone had their hands up you had to
be quiet to command the silence for the
person who was giving orders on what
they needed to do to clear out the
rubble and also to hear people and also
not to smoke either because they were
gas leaks all over the areas - yeah you
can see in the middle of the day people
who are ready and and I've seen so much
devastation already you'll see there
will be an earthquake and not only that
will people will run out into the
streets because you just never know and
especially at this point it's just like
let's get the hell out of these houses
because with each additional earthquake
you've seen that there have been
additional failures of certain
structures and they've fallen and and
it's really really traumatizing
absolutely but it seems like people are
uniting and coming together that's
actually interesting though on a
positive note at least like the Red
Cross has even put out a statement that
there are too many people in Mexico City
that want help and what I found out from
some people that are on the ground right
now is that switchin Inco and Morelos
have more need for rescue workers so a
lot of people are shifting their
attention over there but Mexico City
currently is overpopulated with the
amount of people that are trying to help
out right there were officials who
actually said that it's so overpopulated
right now so full of people who are
trying to help which of course they have
the best intentions in mind it's
starting to kind of get in the way of
professionals trying to respond to this
disaster so you know pay close attention
if you are in the area pay close
attention to what the
are saying cooperate with them and you
know lend a helping hand in a way that's
beneficial because Mexico certainly
needs it now if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
