a woman who was canvassing for state
assembly in Madison Wisconsin had the
cops called on her now she was with her
mother and also her eight-year-old
daughter at the time and they were in a
neighborhood and she was going to
door-to-door canvassing doing what
politicians should be doing if they're
trying to earn some support but it was
then reported to the cops that there was
a strange person in the neighborhood and
there were allegations that this person
could be trying to sell drugs because
that's what people do in broad daylight
dressed as politicians they go door to
door trying to sell drugs so office
people go door to door trying to sell
drugs like hey hey would you like some
meth cocaine heroin here I don't think
that's a thing yeah
so there's allegedly based on this
caller okay a drug house in the
neighborhood and since the car was
parked in this neighborhood and her
mother and daughter were waiting in the
car this person alleged or or suspected
that there was drug trafficking
happening now a sheila Stubbs the name
of the politician she is black and that
is relevant because she is not the only
one who's had this experience so officer
Katherine bland of the Madison Police
Department responded to the call about a
suspicious vehicle and the report from
the dispatcher said the following fully
occupied silver four-door sedan newer
model thinks they are waiting for drugs
at the local drug house would like them
moved along and again those are notes
from the dispatch ongoing problem drug
house is redacted says no one is at the
drug house now says this is common
occurrence for vehicle to sit around
until someone shows up okay so the
officer you know responds and luckily
nothing terrible happens
she asks some questions asked the mother
what are you guys doing here
Sheila Stubbs mother responds with hey
my daughter is running for assembly and
is you know campaigning at that point
the officer does talk to Sheila Stubbs
and asks you know for more confirmation
about this and then
everything ends fine okay but the thing
that really did stand out is that this
has not only happened to Sheila Stubbs
who again is a black politician but has
happened to other black candidates so I
want you to hear from Stubbs first and
then I'll give you a few other examples
I felt humiliated
I felt outraged I felt angry I felt
embarrassed Madison Wisconsin police say
they got a 911 a suspicious vehicle the
police report says the male caller quote
thinks they are waiting for drugs at the
local drug house the female officer went
on to question Stubbs and she says well
how do you know what doors to knock on
and I said the walk list and she said
can I see it and I said sure here you go
and then she said I'm really sorry that
that happened to you Stubbs is 8
year-old daughter and 71 year-old mother
were inside the vehicle
so before we go on to the other
candidates look I want to be fair to
everyone here first off I think the cop
did the right thing she has to
investigate she investigates politely
respectfully guess the answer and then
says sorry that there's somebody called
this in on you and then it's not right
the neighbor half and half look if it's
true that there is a drug house and
people come and sit by there I get it a
little bit right on the other hand the
71 year old mom is in that in the car
and the 8 year old daughter is another
person is knocking on doors like all
around the neighborhood so can we be a
little bit careful and a little bit
respectful of one another and so this is
the part that's impossible to know but
unfortunately black folks in this
country get the cops called on them far
more frequently and and I mean there's a
million examples of it we've shared a
lot black while swimming one of my
favorites mowing the lawn how could
anyone be doing something wrong by
mowing the lawn who goes to someone
else's house to mow the lawn and why
would they be up to no good if you're
mowing someone's lawn or stuff I welcome
that if
the woman who were golfing and had the
cops call on them the the black woman
who had done an air B&B and they were
taking their bags out and so can we just
get out of everyone's business by the
way all right like like okay just for
the sake of the conversation so people
don't get turned off by this because
people do you bring race into it they're
like no it's not racism okay fine but at
least if you think race has something to
do with it how about everyone stop
calling the cops on one another over
nonsense period yeah and and this one
went okay because I the cop was you know
respectful and did the right thing and
did their proper quick investigation etc
right but but it could go south and and
it has often gone south and somebody
who's just minding their own business
well there was a recent case of course
of the person in Dallas who got shot in
his own house good cop walk denied
bottom Sean yeah bottom John and and he
was shot and I don't know she look in
any particular case you can't tell if
she was like she thought it was she was
in our own house was freaked out that
anybody was in her house or she saw a
black man in our house that got scared
right you can't tell if hey if anybody
was coming out of an air B&B the nosy
neighbor would call anyway and go oh my
god they got luggage but it seems like
it happens disproportional it to African
Americans and then we when you have
people with guns and badges showing up
sometimes if if any slight interaction
goes wrong oh boy then you got a recipe
for disaster here so just quick update
on stubs candidacy good news following
the incident she went on to win the
Democratic primary for Wisconsin's 77th
Assembly District okay great so but I
did promise you guys other examples of
black candidates having you know having
the same experience and so there was
Oregon State Representative Jenelle
Bynum and Jenelle Bynum said in July
that someone called the police on her
while she was canvassing because she was
spending a lot of time type
on my cellphone after each house the
woman who called the police apologized
to her in a subsequent phone call so I
give her credit for that but we do have
audio of the residents call to the cops
so just take a quick listen to that Hey
I just wanted to inform you we have this
baby that's been walking from Mather and
like for now fairies is walking from
house to house and she's not in like any
business or have any bad feeling so I
used to go house to house with my mom
when I was a kid to sell chocolate bars
for my school fundraisers was that ever
considered suspicious no one ever called
the cops on us you know it's just I went
house the house when we were and worked
in real estate I went house the house
when we were selling cookies and candy
as kids right or magazines if you
remember that and nobody called but if a
black person shows up growing house the
house she's doing something suspicious
looking at her cell phone could call the
cops on the entire country on that
so-called suspicion right so and look
the bottom line is before like these
unfortunately these a lot of these
prejudices are ingrained in us through
the media this is a recent postgame
discussion we had that I've been
referring to become a member get all the
postgame shows as well
tea y-t-dot-com /join to become a member
of home and progressives here and but in
that discussion we talked about how the
media is constantly showing black and
brown faces on local news and and in TV
and in movies and in dramas as the ones
who commit the crimes now it's not
necessarily true but that's what they
show and so it gets into people's heads
so when they see a black person oh my
god call the cops there's a black person
in the neighborhood Jesse Hamilton a
former state senator in New York also
had a similar experience so this isn't
an isolated incident it's happened on on
several occasions and it's just
something to keep in mind I don't think
that people are trying to do something
harmful or bad by calling the cops
but I do think that there is a
subconscious bias that has formed as a
result of mass media yeah and there's a
ranges
the woman who called in and apologized
later she might be on the lower end of
that range and then if you remember the
video of the cops that were called on
the black family that was barbecuing in
the park that's on the higher end of the
range where the guy knows they're just
doing our barbecue they're a family in
the neighborhood who do which nefarious
criminals go and do a picnic no sense at
all so yes some people don't have bad
intent but unfortunately our media
brainwashes you into those stereotypes
and some folks do have that intent and
you get the whole range here on the go
don't worry we got you covered
you can still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
