the Trump administration is planning on
loosening restrictions on the export of
small arms to foreigners who want to buy
guns that are manufactured here in the
United States now before I get into what
the Trump administration is doing and
how this is likely to impact not only
foreigners but people in the United
States I just want to be clear that this
was not a policy that began under the
Trump administration it actually has
been in the works for the last five
years and one of the reasons why the
Obama administration never did this was
because every time they wanted to there
would be a mass shooting in the US and
didn't really play out well politically
to support this type of policy now aides
to President Donald Trump are completing
a plan to shift oversight of
international non military firearm sales
from the State Department to the
Commerce Department according to a
senior administration official there
will be more leeway to do arm sales you
could really turn the spotlight on if
you do it the right way now let me break
things down a little bit so when it
comes to the Defense Department if they
are in charge of oversight in regard to
the sale of small arms to foreigners
they're gonna have stricter regulations
right because they're gonna keep
national security in mind they might be
a little more considerate about civil
rights abroad and how these weapons
might be misused but when it comes to
the Commerce Department it's a little
different they deal with trade and so if
the goal here is to help benefit weapons
manufacturers in the United States and
increase exports well this is what the
Commerce Department would want to do so
there's gonna be less regulation less
oversight the changes which can be
enacted without congressional approval
could be made public this fall followed
by a period of public comment with
implementation as early as the first
half of next year now Saudi Arabia is
one of the main countries that's
interested in enjoying the benefits of
this program and its lack of oversight
it's not just small arms that we saw
Saudi Arabia's
we found out after Donald Trump's Oddie
visit right yeah yeah we sell them bombs
too of course we do which is fascinating
considering you know Saudi Arabia's
involvement in what happened on 9/11 but
there's no travel ban from Saudi Arabia
maybe because there's some financial
interest that Trump has with that
country right now since Trump was
elected in November the share price for
gun manufacturers actually has gone down
and that's because Americans are less
concerned about gun regulation under
Republican leadership and so since stock
prices have gone down I'm guessing and
this is speculation on my part that it
kind of led Trump and his officials to
decide to you know really go for this
policy and by the way it does not
require congressional approval this can
be done unilaterally by the executive
branch on Tuesday following the Reuters
report on the administration's plans the
share prices though of these gun
manufacturers did go up as much as 18%
so gun manufacturers get to make some
money and the amount of sales foreign
sales is expected to go up as much as 15
to 20 percent annually that by the way
that's my favorite factoid ever of all
time is that domestic gun sales fall
significantly under Donald Trump and the
NRA which is nothing to do with
protecting your constitutional Second
Amendment rights at all and everything
to do with the financial interests of
the gun manufacturers that they
represent is so desperate to sell more
guns that they are now running on this
narrative with Dana Loesch if you guys
remember and this is something I covered
a couple of times like where they're
running on this narrative that a civil
war is likely to happen and that there
are protesters out on the streets that
are violent and Taffet ugh thugs and you
need to arm yourself to potentially
defend yourself right like they've gone
to such lengths that they are they would
literally start a civil war if they
potentially could and now instead of
doing that we're going to be exporting
our second most successful industry
they're Hollywood which is just gun
violence and now you know France can
have more of that when we think about
mitigating the damage of terrorism in
Europe a big part of that is because
they do have very strict gun control
laws and then it is very difficult to
find small arms as they call like small
arms for those of you don't know assault
rifles are still considered under small
arms like an ar-15 now they'll be able
to Mao down crowds with the same
efficiency that they'd be able to do
here like they do in San Bernardino for
example yeah
guns to Saudi Arabia I wonder how the
how the right will respond to the fact
that you're arming Arabs what we are
what are you gather like you but I know
you're doing it but but like that's what
it is you're putting the gun in the hand
of I mean the the what you're saying
about the Civil War is coming it's the
end the second amendments wording is to
like create militias you know to have a
well-regulated militia we're arming
militias and the difference is now we
can't track it we can't there's no
there's no executive branch involved in
yeah you should be cynical the executive
branch or they're making deals with
foreign governments but especially you
should be cynical of these companies
that are just going to try to pour guns
in the hands of literally anyone you
talk about fast and furious being like a
government or you know operation that
funneled guns in there and then lost
track of them there is no original keep
track of them asked right possible now
it's just going to be in there and
they're going to be in the hands of
whoever wants to buy one so the reporter
that worked on this story was
interviewed and it was kind of
interesting because his take I don't
know if he was trying to remain
objective but in doing so he actually
ended up appearing to be way more biased
but he wasn't necessarily against this
policy because he he had the same
mentality of well you know if those bad
guys want to get their hands on guns
they'll get their hands on guns anyway
so let's just lift regulations and then
do away with oversight and just increase
the numbers guy and make it way easier
for bad guys to get guns
okay I mean if that's your argument then
you don't get to complain when the wrong
people get their hands on their guns
right cuz you got a you know follow the
you gotta follow the paper trail and as
Brett perfectly mentions there isn't
really gonna be a paper trail we're not
going to track where these guns go or
what they're gonna be used for there's a
lot of unrest in a lot of countries
right now they're gonna kill American
soldiers these guns are going to kill
American soldiers eventually no I mean
that's it but this isn't new like we've
been arming rebel factions that end up
turning on American soldiers since I
don't know this is like 30 years ago
like even longer than that we've always
been doing that and and it's not new
let's add material we might as well get
I know we might as well give them small
arms on top of the heat-seeking missiles
that were supplying the Saudi Arabian
military with so they can fucking
destroy Yemen and now at least like the
civilians will get to have fun with
ar-15s and be able to shoot whatever
kind of slaves they own in their
compounds help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm slash
jewelry
