now that Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy
have proposed their replacement for the
Affordable Care Act there are a number
of senators who have said that they will
support the legislation however through
interviews it's become quite clear that
they themselves have no idea what's in
this legislation so let's give you the
first example here is MSNBC's Katie tor
talking to Senator Barrasso people of
Wyoming that they're not going to lose
their health care because of a
pre-existing condition those are two
entirely different things this bill
protects everyone with a pre-existing
condition I believe people with
pre-existing conditions need to be
covered for those conditions as a doctor
and a husband of a wife who's had breast
cancer senator I just want to know one
thing can you guarantee the people of
Wyoming that the cost to Saudi
associated with their pre-existing
conditions will not go up so much so
that they will not be able to afford it
the costs have gone up already under
money is going to come into winter as a
result of Graham Cassidy is selling
insurance they get you to answer the
question that I asked which is my
question and then you can answer it I'm
not talking about Obamacare I'm talking
about grants respectfully this is the
one this is the bill that you are voting
for this is the bill that your
constituents the people of Wyoming and
the people of America will use for their
health care if they don't get it through
their employer so can you let me finish
can you tell your voters the people of
Wyoming that the costs associated with
their pre-existing condition will not go
up so much that they will not be able to
afford health care coverage people can't
afford it now Kandee announcement you
don't
and you're being hammered with huge
costs and it's all a result of Obamacare
which is why Donald Trump that 70% of
the vote in Wyoming people were
absolutely fed up with what the
Democrats have done editor across the
country q for answering
I guess about Obamacare again I was
asking about Graham Cassidy all right so
that was Senator John Barrasso from
Wyoming and if you are not irritated in
the very least by that exchange you
should be because his go-to is to
deflect and attack the Affordable Care
Act well you are supporting legislation
so please explain to me what is it about
this legislation that you think is going
to be beneficial to the American people
he can't even answer that question and
I'm also guessing that and this is just
off the top of my head that that Donald
Trump did worse at 70% as the Republican
candidate than any Republican candidate
in the past 50 years in Wyoming so I I
the 70% that's why he got 70% in this
day you got 70% that's it because look
at their senator look at John Barrasso I
mean they are a backward state that
they're the state that gave us Dick
Cheney this is the way they think in
that way and I you know I've been to
that say I love that state I've met
great people in that state but that has
nothing to do with this argument and and
you know honestly this is not about the
Affordable Care Act he could say that we
you know she could I thought Kate did a
great job there but he could have said
yeah it's about you know but answer the
question Graham Cassady does not do what
it says what he says is gonna do right
exactly and I think lawmakers like
Barroso have been able to do exactly
what he did in that segment and get away
with it because there hasn't been enough
emphasis on policy I mean during our
past election I feel like there wasn't
enough discussion on policy there was a
lot of you know random drama and gossip
and and you know the fighting and the
cat fights but you know all of a sudden
America is awake and they're concerned
about the fact that their health care is
on the line and so he's not gonna get
away with answers like that you can't
just attack the Affordable Care Act and
then refuse to answer a single question
about the proposal that you are
supporting what do you like about it
how is it
impact Americans in a positive way if
you can't answer that question that says
something he's part of McConnell's
leadership team so it's not surprising
that he's not delving into what the you
know the nuts and bolts of any
legislation is it just doesn't surprise
me at all exactly and by the way I mean
if I were supporting legislation and and
I truly believed that it was going to
benefit my constituents I couldn't wait
to talk about it
right and I would go on that show and I
would detail specific portions of it
that will help lower premiums but he's
unable to do that well he's not the only
one
Vox did this great piece where they
spoke to nine senators about the
replacement plan for the Affordable Care
Act and Jeff Stein is the writer for Vox
who did these interviews and had these
incredible exchanges unfortunately we
don't have time to go through all of
them but I did pick a few that I
particularly enjoyed and wanted to share
with you so in one exchange with Ted
Cruz Jeff Stein says let's go to graphic
27a you really believe that cutting
federal spending by 34% will not result
in any other people losing their
insurance Ted Cruz's response was what
federal spending is cut hmm you should
know Stein continues to say well the
Medicaid expansion would be sunset for
one is my understanding and Cruz says
the decrease in future rates of growth
is not a cut and it is only in the
bizarre world of Washington that
billions more money is characterized in
the press as a cut rather than an
increase which is in fact what it is I
mean you want to take that yeah well
first of all Ted Cruz is really great at
doing what he does he is a master of
flipping this stuff around and it may
you know he's a states rights guy this
is about giving the healthcare back to
the states and his state right now is
just getting pounded because of their
hurricane rebuilding and so much of
their you know of of the revenue in that
state so much of the tax revenue
business tax revenue comes from the
chemical Coast that just got decimated
it by those floods and had to shut down
all that so the fact that he's asking
for federal money to fix that and saying
that no we're not gonna take federal
money for health care is at once the
most hypocritical thing I've ever heard
because he is
Safa Kalia gainst this every single time
he stepped out onto the to the platform
when he was running for president the
first thing he's going to do is repeal
and replace which is fine I mean there
were people that were against that and
he's allowed to be against that but what
he just said there he's totally flipping
the truth that's right he's saying
something that is not going to happen
and even as he paints it it doesn't
really make sense because federal money
which they were talking about billions
and billions there are not federal cuts
there's gonna be spending more money in
these states on this health care it's
it's a bizarre way of analyzing this
stuff but he can get you to believe it
which is what he does in Texas and by
the way I just want everyone to take a
quick second to put all the pieces
together because this is not an isolated
story you should take it into context or
consider it in context and consider what
lawmakers just voted in favor of which
is increasing defense funding to the
tune of seven hundred billion dollars
okay seven hundred billion dollars even
though just last December the Washington
Post reported that the Pentagon hit a
study indicating that they had wasted
125 billion dollars a year on wasteful
bureaucracy within the Pentagon okay so
on one hand they're wasting a hundred
twenty five billion dollars fast forward
to today and lawmakers voted in favor of
increasing the defense budget which is
ridiculous and then at the same time we
have Republicans talking about how no we
should do away with the Medicaid
expansion right I mean it's so
incredibly frustrating okay so there's
Ted Cruz Senator John Kennedy also said
some pretty interesting things because
while Republicans claim that they're in
favor of states rights which is why
they're giving these block grants to the
states so they can handle the money
however they want apparently there are
some restrictions that they're
considering and keep in mind before any
reason the the John Kennedy is from
Louisiana he is the colleague of senator
Cassidy so he should know this stuff
pretty cold he should know it right so
here's what Senator John Kennedy had to
say about what rights the states would
have in regard to these block grants I
want to get us to give guardrails to the
states to say you cannot use these
monies to set up a state run
single-payer system I don't believe in
it I think it's a mistake
and then Lauren Gambino from The
Guardian said do you think that kind of
goes against the idea of states rights
and being able to use this money as the
states want to Kennedy says no no we
have plenty of federal rules that apply
to every state but we still agree with
states rights what so it's not about
states rights it's about limiting you
know any type of federal funding that
helps Americans afford the private
insurance it's about getting rid of
Obamacare it's about not about that it's
not about it that's the bottom line I
mean it's not subtle it's not they're
not beating around they're trying to
beat around the bush that's all that is
motivated these are people that ran in
said we're gonna do it we're gonna
repeal and replace we're gonna repeal in
place repeal in place so far they
haven't been able to do it this is their
last great hope of doing going back to
their states and saying we did this John
Kennedy that is a foolish statement
because of you know what you just said
it's it's about I mean to say that we're
gonna have we're not we're gonna give it
states rights but it's federal rules
that are gonna apply to states rights
that's not the same as states rights
that's federal that's right ridiculous
and then finally Jeff Stein from Vox
also got the chance to ask senator
Kennedy a few questions and I want to
share that exchange briefly Stein asks
them what are the main policy
explanations for getting behind this
bill what does this bill do right policy
wise simple question Kennedy says I
think it's an improvement over Obamacare
okay why kennedy responds my position
has always been that number one I think
Obamacare has been a failure number two
first chance I get to vote for repeal to
repeal it I'll do it and number three if
it's a replacement if replacement is
better than Obamacare I will vote for it
just a bunch of non answers I don't like
Obamacare
I want to repeal it I can't tell you
what I like about this new proposal but
I don't like Obamacare so I'll vote for
anything else even if it means that my
constituents that innocent Americans who
rely on this coverage are gonna lose
that coverage it's pathetic so that's
what's going on with the Senate I highly
doubt that any of them have even really
read the legislation he doesn't know a
guy
damn thing that's in this bill not a
thing he just knows that it's not
Obamacare which is the crux of what I
was saying before he doesn't even know
Bill Cassidy bill Cassidy is his co
center he's his constituent if you want
to put it that way he doesn't even know
what Bill Cassidy put in this bill he's
among the worst John Kennedy's to ever
serve in the Senate Oh help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
