tell you what I was in a band it was
awesome yeah I was north of Cuba was the
name of our band huh and that was the
best thing that was reason I did it was
to get girls Wow and it worked and it
were I remember when I was in high
school I was in a band called the Jimmy
Jane blues party and we played the
whiskey oh wow and the Roxy holy shit
desert
those are big clubs we weren't that we
were good we were good I really liked
the band we were we did a good job it
was like rye which is a rock band God
you played the whiskey in the rock yeah
I was like 18 wow that's so great Hollis
I remember finishing at the rock scene I
was drinking whiskey and when I was
eight today but we worked we didn't
drink at that time that was before I
like got girls this was the first time I
saw a girl who was like you play
harmonica
you get sexy and I was like what that's
it I didn't even talk to you once Wow I
remember she walked out and she was like
looking at me like wow I haven't even
met this girl she likes it
