Donald Trump in a tweet explained that
he might cut off funding for three
countries in particular Guatemala
Honduras and El Salvador because of the
caravan that is headed towards us that's
gonna invade us it's not gonna invade us
there in a giant caravan on TV they're
gonna go to a port and ask for asylum
they're not trying to sneak in it's a
total lie
he says there's Middle Easterners in the
caravan total lie not remotely true
ABC News went looked are no metal
Easterners there's no reason why they'd
be Middle Easterners it's just a of
course fear monger more and appeal to
the one thing that speaks to Republican
voters the most which is fear oh my god
that's it and by the way there might be
Middle Easterners and what if there were
of course their assumption is if they're
Middle Easterners they must be
terrorists there are no Middle
Easterners in a caravan coming from
Guatemala okay and and so but the part
that I want to tell you guys about that
it's not being talked about enough is
that he said that that we are giving
them quote massive four and eight now
let me show you the reality USA to
Guatemala is going to be this year sixty
nine point four million dollars well you
might think well sixty nine million
dollars sounds like a lot of money holds
I'm gonna give you context in a second
Honduras sixty five point seven million
dollars in El Salvador forty five point
seven million dollars and so all those
have been reduced from when Obama was in
charge of course Trump's hacking away at
it the entire time anyway now part of
the reason we give aid keeping it real
in terms of politics is that we want
those countries to be addicted to our
foreign aid so that we will have
leverage over them and so if they do
something we don't like with every
weekday where your foreign aid and so
Trump would eliminate that option if he
takes away the foreign aid the other
thing is we're supposed to be decent to
our neighbors and and of course I know
Trump and his supporters don't believe
that but if you're thinking well look
Jenks sixty nine sixty five forty seven
forty five I mean million dollars those
sound like a lot of money
No do you know how much we have given
Egypt and our slate to give them this
here 1.3 billion dollars why cuz they
made a peace deal with Israel a long
time ago
well that's a good reason to give them
aid but unfortunately goes to their
oppressive military which is not good
news wait Israel how about Israel let's
talk about massive foreign aid how much
are they gonna give this here 3.3
billion dollars so Trump claims he's
worried about Al Salvador getting forty
five million dollars when Israel's
getting 3.3 billion dollars and does
Israel desperately need that money for
their undersized military of course not
they have a massive military the largest
in the Middle East by an order of
magnitude and they bless their hearts
for having a big military I wish they
wouldn't use it to occupy people but
it's not like they're in desperate need
of foreign assistance and now here comes
the kicker
so while foreign aid too is being
reduced to countries that do need it in
the case of Israel it is being increased
you know how much is being increased
this year two hundred million dollars if
you do the math on that that is more
money than Guatemala Honduras and El
Salvador combined Israel's increase is
greater than the sum total of those
three countries what they get combined
and meanwhile Donald Trump who's happy
to increase assistance to the military
of Israel in Egypt then turns around and
goes can you believe the massive foreign
aid
they're getting such big foreign aid
they're getting foreign aid Bigley from
us in Honduras El Salvador in Guatemala
as usual not remotely attached to
reality or the facts on the ground so he
makes a career out of lying to people
this is yet another lie don't believe
the hype those countries do not get very
much foreign aid for us from us given
the context of foreign aid that we do to
countries that don't even need it
