this video shows were hinge of family
members pulling their dead children from
the water after allegedly being shot by
Myanmar police while the family was
trying to flee the country and enter
Bangladesh to seek refuge you might have
already seen the viral image
illustrating a similar scene of a Raja
mother crying over her forty day old
infant who perished after his family's
boat crossing the Bay of Bengal capsized
as his family too was trying to escape
these families along with four hundred
thousand other Mahendra Muslims are
fleeing Myanmar in the wake of what the
UN brights chief is calling a textbook
example of ethnic cleansing 300 people
are currently facing genocide and have
already endured years of discrimination
civil rights abuses and violence so why
is nobody talking about this grave
humanitarian crisis I'm Hannah Cranston
and I'm going to tell you the five
critical things you need to know about
the ethnic cleansing of the reh√©n de
Muslims in Myanmar first of all who are
the revenge' the rear-engine muslims are
a group of about 1.1 million people who
live in the rakhine state of
predominantly Buddhist Myanmar they have
been described as the world's most
persecuted people denied citizenship by
their country confined to a small and
shrinking area of land that they've
occupied for centuries if not millennia
and denied access to medical care
education and other basic services so
what is happening to them now according
to range of civilians Amnesty
International and Human Rights Watch the
Myanmar military has launched a
systematic orchestrated clearance
operation now this operation has been
described by survivors detailing how
soldiers raided their villages shooting
the men raping and beating women and
children before locking them in the
homes and setting them all on fire these
massacres are wide sweeping and
devastating as you can see from these
aerial images of homes burned to the
ground by the military and from this
video purportedly showing burnt or
hinder wounds and bodies after an attack
now you might be wondering how this all
got started
while the 100 people have faced
persecution for decades the violence
only recently escalated do two actions
perpetrated by a range of militant group
the group which goes by the name the
Archon Rohan's a Salvation Army or Arzo
allegedly killed nine police officers in
October and has been accused of hacking
seven Buddhist to death as well as
launching attacks on more than 25
military and border police posts and
what they claimed to be self-defense
which makes sense since they've been
systematically targeted by the Buddhist
majority now it's not clear that
everyday civilians who are now paying
for these crimes even support this
insurgent group as violence against the
majority group was not taken lightly and
juin officials say led to the country's
expulsion of the Muslim minority so how
is the Myanmar government dealing with
these accusations of ethnic cleansing
they're not the government says that the
hinge are burning their own villages
killing Buddhists and that any render
who have been killed by the country's
military are terrorists they also claim
that international aid groups who are
trying to help the range of people are
really just helping the terrorists so
they have refused to cooperate with the
UN investigation into the killings rape
and torture against this group if the
Myanmar government isn't doing anything
who is well the neighboring country of
Bangladesh has already taken in around
four hundred thousand more hundred
people sixty percent of whom are
children the Bangladeshi government
announced over the weekend that they
will be building shelters to accommodate
these refugees but that these asylum
seekers will remain confined to camps
other nearby countries like India have
refused to accept any
more than the 40,000 Rylander refugees
who have already crossed the border
while the Chinese government has
continued their support of Myanmar's de
facto leader Aung San Sookie who has not
said or done anything to condemn or
attempt to stop this earth Nick
cleansing claiming that the hinge of
crisis doesn't affect them I don't know
how any person group or country could
see these images and remain unaffected
by the religious plight the ethnic
cleansing of the range of Muslims
affects us all when we let one group
persecute another on the basis of
religion race or creed we tell the world
that some human life is worth less than
others and that we accept the brutal
raping killing and extermination of an
entire group of people this is not just
an internal affairs issue that is
happening on the other side of the world
we cannot sit back and do nothing while
another country is committing genocide
from Auschwitz to Rwanda we've made the
mistake time and time again of
intervening when it's too late well not
this time we need to demand that our
countries leaders hold Myanmar
accountable for their human rights
abuses and put sanctions on them or
demand a military response until they
stop the religious persecution and
ethnic cleansing of the revenger people
we need to demand that neighboring
countries and the US alike take in
fleeing where hundred people as one of
the world's fastest-growing refugee
crises develops we need to demand that
our media give just as much attention if
not more to this tragedy as they do the
latest tweet demand more because we
cannot let this happen not on our watch
please share this video to spread the
word about the plight of the range of
people follow me at Hannah Cranston and
as always thank you for watching to uit
you
