yesterday we covered a story regarding
the protests that were taking place in
st. Louis and the number of people who
were arrested for allegedly vandalizing
property now while we were doing
commentary of that story a number of our
viewers brought attention to a video
that had gone viral online and I wanted
to do my own investigation of it too you
know either confirm it or figure out
what's really going on so as many as 80
people got arrested in one night because
of alleged violence that broke out
during nightfall
in st. Louis now the protests took place
in response to a cop who shot and killed
a black man and how the case ended up
with his you know he wasn't found guilty
the judge in the case did not find him
guilty of murder
so people were upset about it they took
to the streets they protested the
protests were largely peaceful but as
soon as it got dark outside a small
group of people according to police
started vandalizing property and causing
trouble now the video that our audience
brought attention to featured what
appeared to be a cop in st. Louis
vandalizing a restaurant by breaking a
window okay a video shot appears to show
a police officer breaking the glass
window in front of a culpeper's
restaurant leading to many people
questioning whether the officer was
responsible for damage attributed to
protesters now this is a serious concern
because some are alleging that there
were agitators there who attempted to
make the protesters appear to be violent
maybe provocateurs so when you know this
was brought to my attention I didn't
want to look into it now Chris Phillips
who's a filmmaker is the person who
filmed that video that went viral I want
to show you that video and then give you
the update in terms of whether or not
the cop is actually guilty of the
vandalism take a look
we just took a thing it's completely
busted in two of them by their self okay
so when I saw that that was cause for
concern of course and so Riverfront
Times was the news organization that
published that video that put it out
there that's the story that went viral
they have just done an update to the
story and I want to make sure that we
have all the facts and and you can draw
your own conclusions based on what we
know now there was a resident in the
area by the name of Katie O Connor who
said no that's actually not the case
that window was already broken in fact
we had taken a photo of that broken
window thirty minutes prior to that
video and there was a time stamp on the
picture to prove it and that shows you
the the restaurants window already
broken again thirty minutes prior to
that video taken Katie O Connor who
lives in the neighborhood says she and
her husband witnessed a young man throw
something at culpeper's through what was
then an unbroken window around 11:00
p.m.
breaking it she was quoted as saying I
don't truly know the officers motivation
maybe he was breaking out glass as an
asshole move maybe he was clearing out
dangerous shards which did exist but I'm
absolutely positive he was not the one
who originally broke that window now to
add more evidence to that argument the
police department released surveillance
from the area showing what occurred
prior to the officer being seen at that
area or in that area so this is again
surveillance footage and here's what it
shows take a look
so obviously you can't see whether or
not that guy throwing something broke
the window but it appears that he threw
something at the window that could have
broken it and then who knows what the
cop was doing because you heard in that
video that there was something breaking
yes right so look I'm giving you guys
all the evidence that we have because I
think it's interesting and people are
outraged and angry about it
I think that it would be incredibly
stupid for the cop to break that window
knowing that there are so many people
surrounding him with phones and they're
filming everything that's going on but
that's where the story stands at the
moment and I wanted to make sure I gave
you all the details the cops seem to
have done a stupid thing at least in his
own mind because he got the hell away
from that window as soon as he made that
loud door it looks very incriminating
he's like oh so I wonder if he was
playing with the shards or whatever
because I do believe the timestamping
reporting and that it was broken and I
it didn't seem like he was on purpose
trying to make people safer by cleaning
out the shards yeah and also you're
honestly you're messing you're tampering
with evidence right don't touch those
windows I don't know what he was doing I
think that you know if I were his
superior I would ask him like why would
you do that you know if if we're
arresting people and by the way there
were reporters who said that they were
doing mass arrests that they were
telling the crowds to disperse but then
they wouldn't give them the opportunity
to do so and then they would do the mass
arrests there were reporters who said
that there were reporters who were
arrested and so I'm not gonna sit here
and say that you know the cops handled
it perfectly because they were also
caught on camera chanting whose streets
our streets
and so if you're there to make sure that
the situation doesn't escalate if you're
there to do crowd control and make sure
that people don't get hurt and people
don't vandalize the last thing you want
to do is chant whose streets our streets
as the cops
that's what yes that's terrible
so such a weird thing to do it in
antagonizes and it escalates the
situation and it's unnecessary
Cerie right so look I want to thank you
guys for bringing that video to my
attention because I did find it
fascinating but right there's I it
really goes to show what people are
feeling in general their reaction to
those videos you know as before all the
evidence comes out and you when you are
on the streets and you're frustrated
with what happened as the results of
that court case folks are upset the
police officers you get the feeling
toward that and then when you see this
whip pan to the loud sound and the
police walk away it shows more your
feelings about it which I totally
understand
and I mean I'm glad that the it seems
that the police officer wasn't just
going to break windows because that
would be terrible if as some say it
seems like they would pin that on
protesters that didn't exist
right seems like this has to do with
someone who threw something through a
window I just I'm glad that we seem to
have gotten all of the pieces of
evidence that paint a picture about it
and we can turn our focus back on the
fundamental issue of you know police and
the public right exactly and keep in
mind if you are a cop who is on duty
during these protests look I get it you
feel like you're under attack because
these protests primarily have to do with
police brutality and excessive force but
if you are trying to make a point that
your job is difficult and you just want
to protect and serve then you shouldn't
antagonize the protesters you shouldn't
you know chant things that you know
stroked tension or or anger and
essentially that was part of what went
on not all the cops there was a small
number of cops that were caught on
camera chanting that but you know just
put your feelings aside for a second and
just do your job and and try not to
escalate the situation further than it
already is escalated if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
