in New York the United Nations General
Assembly happens annually leaders from
all over the world converge on Manhattan
Turtle Bay to be precise to the United
Nations a place that Donald Trump by the
way throughout his presidential campaign
bemoaned
and and complained about and said that
it should not even in some circles exist
that they don't do the job they need
reorganization criticize criticize
criticize when he got there yesterday
the first thing he did to the press is
to he pointed out that hey just across
the street I have a very successful
building there's a building that we have
it's a Trump building right across the
street it's a terrific building so he
went in you know all about Donald Trump
and I think he'll come out of this you
know two more days he's not done there
till Thursday staying at Trump Tower in
New York not done until Thursday but
what he did do today was unprecedented I
think in you know I'm I I would say that
I adhere and watch and spend a lot of
time on boring congressional television
I don't generally look at the General
Assembly but this time I knew that it
would be important this is the first
time that this president is facing the
leaders of other countries all at once
and it's important because it's his
first foray into that diplomatic
discussion and usually the discussions
that come out of the out of the United
Nations General Assembly are centered
around refugees around working together
about bailing countries out about health
care and climate change and that was not
the case with Donald Trump today Donald
Trump took this opportunity to talk
about sovereignty and he said that word
so many times he and and sovereignty is
another another word for keeping
immigrants out if you want to know the
truth but it's also about talking about
American pride American power and he
wasted no time when talking about his
new favorite nemesis and that's Kim
jong-un of North Korea here is Donald
Trump in New York to that now North
Korea's reckless pursuit of nuclear
weapons and ballistic missiles threatens
the entire world with unthinkable loss
of human life it is an outrage that some
nations would not only trade with such a
regime but would
armed supply and financially support a
country that imperils the world with
nuclear conflict the United States has
great strength and patience but if it is
forced to defend itself or its allies we
will have no choice but to totally
destroy North Korea
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself and for his regime the United
States is ready willing and able but
hopefully this will not be necessary
yep that's a Donald Trump talking about
it was there right at the green marble
podium calling Kim jong-un Rocketman he
did that previously in a tweet Anna what
do you make of this kind of rhetoric at
the the United Nations well the order of
sentences in that last statement
interesting because he went from we will
destroy North Korea implying that we
would use our nuclear capability against
the country should they cease their you
know experiments with their weapons and
then he immediately follows it up with
rocket man yeah so he makes one of the
most serious statements that you could
possibly make at you know this meeting
and then follows it up with a childish
you know label that he's given kim
jeong-hoon look in the grand scheme of
things who cares what he calls kim
jeong-hoon
well what matters is policy and what
also matters is that we have a leader
that we trust to be competent to deal
with something that is not only
threatening to us and to those living in
North Korea but also threatening to our
allies and I just don't feel that he is
worthy of that trust because he does not
strike me as someone who's competent
yeah I totally agree and I think there's
one more thing that matters here too but
you're at the United Nations you're in
the middle of this you know and we'll
talk about this in a minute but the
whole whether it's a crisis or not with
North Korea we can talk about but you're
in the middle of this and you're
shooting diplomacy out of the way
absolutely I mean so there's no room we
call him Rocket Man and you say if you
don't do this we're just gonna blow up
your whole country that that means
diplomacy is done and you saw when you
were looking at it you saw nikki Haley
the the US ambassador United Nations and
Rex Tillerson who is the Secretary of
State you saw them there and when you
there other takes of them where they
sort of can't it looks to me and I'm
just reading their how they look they
look concerned didn't look that's a
better way of putting that's a nicer way
than I was gonna say their eyes shoot
down as soon as they realize what he's
saying you know not to say that they
didn't know ahead of time but it did
feel like those moments during say the
Academy Awards when the host is doing
the monologue and taking potshots at
people in the audience and then it
flashes to some random person and on
their faces just written the expression
don't show me don't show my face don't
show my favorite felt like and then to
use that kind of language it felt not
like a throwback to any famous speech
that we know of someone bridging the gap
between nations using diplomacy as you
say it felt like I think it was like
2006 when you had you know the leader of
Venezuela who Hugo Chavez up there with
like Noam Chomsky's book waving it
around and to call him rocket man it
feels like he took some kind of like
insult ran it through google translator
into Korean then back into Amer it felt
like the way that Chavez used to call
Bush mister danger yeah you're a donkey
mister danger it felt that weird yeah
and there has been this kind of there's
like precedent you you say Chavez there
was Fidel Castro showing up with a gun I
mean there are things that have happened
at these General Assemblies and and in
special addresses to to the United
Nations but I can't stop thinking about
this being the very first time that he
has done this and presenting himself to
the world and this is how he's doing it
that goes to your whole point about
trust right I mean I I had incredibly
low expectations for his speech and he
met those low expectations so I'm not
really shocked by anything the only
thing that is kind of shocking is
usually when he says things that are
outlandish or worth having some concern
about it's off-the-cuff it's not
something that's scripted but he's
reading from a prompter there that's a
great question I want to ask he's
reading for a prompter but I think he
saw Kim jong-un and he said Rocket Man I
don't that's yeah I was wondering about
yeah I don't know right you know who
knows there's no way of knowing but it
is clear that he is using a teleprompter
there because whenever he does speak off
the cuff he has the vocabulary and
communication skills of a 3rd grader but
the other thing that I wanted to quickly
mention is you know this notion that
he's a great deal maker and I'm not
talking about him sitting down and and
trying to be diplomatic with kim
jeong-hoon I'm talking about him making
a deal with China in regard to you know
the trade and and you know the the
resources that China gives to North
Korea so I see what he was doing there
in that speech he didn't mention China
but he's implying the China's the issue
here they need to China itself needs to
impose sanctions against North Korea
okay then you can use diplomacy in that
context to convince you know Chinese
leaders to stop their friendly
relationship with North Korea I mean
that's where you know your good deal
making could come in and be very useful
but he's not really a good deal maker it
just it seems like his strategy is I'm
not the head diplomat that had diplomats
a Secretary of State or my UN ambassador
right I may soon be your Secretary of
State because people are saying the
tiller sends tired of this whole deal
and dealing with Trump right and it
seems like if I were to apply my
knowledge of Donald Trump to my
interpretation of this speech it could
all be translated into Rex hold me back
right like I am gonna rattle my saber
I'm gonna call the guy rocket man I am
just as petulant as the boy king of
North Korea and I am going to be that
person that uncanny
identify with and then Rex can go in and
kind of patch things up even though Rex
has been undercut at every turn and the
president leaves no room for diplomacy
so if you're gonna sort of pave the way
for Rex fix this or Rex do this you've
by saying we're gonna we're gonna blow
you away and and by you know demeaning
the President or the
you know whatever the the supreme leader
of North Korea in that way you're you're
taking out you're undercutting the
ability of the Secretary of State and
the diplomatic corps to do anything here
but not just here right in Syria I mean
in in the Iran nuclear deal right it's
all there's a contagion about this that
is unprecedented it seems right now and
then this speech like all the speeches
that Donald Trump gives campaign speech
right this is what worked on the trail
if you're standing in Eau Claire
Wisconsin you're gonna say we're gonna
blow that guy away rocket man I'm not
with that accent right okay that spread
through proving that he knows what Elton
John is saying and that song because
nobody else does burning up that view I
think about Family Guy but nobody knows
what that is it's true right it's one of
those lyrics that nobody knows I of
course I thought of course rocket
Rashard Morris Rashard of the montreal
canadiens which most of you probably
what if it is using Rocket Man is the
most appropriate deep metaphor he can
think of because one is alienated right
out there just trying to get a
connection with someone maybe Trump he's
like bringing out his chops as an
English major could I fade into the
background of this graphic more well you
know and therapy the frustrating thing
about Donald Trump is you don't hear the
detractors you don't hear Republicans
saying about you know that this is a
responsible you don't hear it enough
certainly and I know that people are
waiting for that and I'm confident that
that will come it did not come today
Lindsey Graham who you'll recall Donald
Trump gave out his cell phone number
during the campaign Donald Trump made
light of his candidacy which was worthy
of being made light of but he's somebody
who is Donald Trump has taken to task at
different times Lindsey Graham goes on
television that's what he said every
military expert says there is no good
military option they're wrong there is a
option to destroy North Korea's program
and
North Korea itself he's not going to
allow President Trump the ability of
this madman to have a missile to hit
America if there's going to be a war to
stop him it will be over there if
thousands die they're going to die over
there and they're not going to die here
and he's told me that to my face
yeah that was earlier the summer we
should point out but this is this is a
consistent message from from Lindsey
Graham you know that told me that to my
face and he is buying into it he said
when he told it to my face I didn't
challenge him yeah well I think he's
buying into it for a specific reason and
I don't think that Trump leaving out any
room for diplomacy is an accident and
what I'm about to say sounds
conspiratorial it's speculation I want
to be clear with our audience this isn't
based in you know evidence report
evidence and reporting but it's my view
of what's going on because there's a
story that we're about to cover after we
finish covering this regarding
increasing taxpayer money toward the
military and right now there's a good
deal of fear-mongering happening among
our lawmakers and it has to do with Iran
it has to do with North Korea it has to
do with oh these dangerous refugees that
are trying to come into the country and
I don't think my perception is they're
not escalating you know the the rhetoric
or you know antagonizing the enemy
without a reason there's a reason and
the reason is to convince Americans to
support funneling more of our taxpayer
money to the military even given the
fact that we know without a shadow of a
doubt that there's a tremendous amount
of waste going on at the Pentagon and so
I I I don't know maybe I'm giving Trump
too much credit because that would
indicate that he's actually strategizing
well yeah which is always tough to do
right but it does bring up the question
what you just said of this whole North
Korea story and whether or not is it is
the media that we and the media as a
whole are responsible for the escalation
of this thing to a certain degree that
there this there's so much hyperbole out
there now about this that there was not
really a threat these two nations were
not at the brink of war North Korea and
the United States and now because of the
constant you know yes
he's testing them yes there's their
problems in with South Korea and North
Korea I'm not making light of the of the
global implications of it in the
situation's here but it wasn't as big as
it is now and it wasn't as close as it
was now and you didn't have leaders
saying that they're gonna do this
well the story wasn't as big as it is
now because we didn't have leaders
escalating the situation when we don't
need to be escalating it right there was
no sorry to interrupt it there was no
conversation on cable news where one of
the options was to destroy North Korea
because the fact of the matter is North
Korea is full of people who are being
oppressed who are innocent who are doing
nothing wrong they are unfortunately
being you know they've been taken
control by a dictator and it's been like
that for some time now and so to just
you know nonchalantly talk about
destroying North Korea and murdering
innocent people is absurd I'm sure would
break war crimes absolutely right
absolutely and also our allies would be
negatively impacted by that as well and
so it just shows either Lindsey Graham
has a complete misunderstanding of how
things work and what that would really
entail or he does know and he's just the
type of person who doesn't care about
the room he loves the military Lindsey
Graham he loves the fact that he was a
Judge Advocate General he loves all that
and and it's always been part of what
cell but he sells but I think the point
you make is absolutely spy I mean we've
been led by fish that have been swimming
by the bait for a long time and now we
have one dumb fish it was like oh
there's a piece of bait and he bites
into it and then this happens right and
then the media covers it and voraciously
and I think that's what happened I don't
want to get into a land war in Asia all
right you know that's from Princess
Bride but I'm getting a lot a land war
in North Korea it feels like Kim Jong
Kevin McCallister has been spending the
last 70 years booby-trapping that it's
gonna be like home alone yeah you know I
think I'd be terrible yeah it would be
terrible and and he is trying to seduce
this into happening to some degree or at
least you know this is the campaign
Trump again I mean we I talked about a
second ago this is the guy who loved
this is what he sold out in America this
is what
bought wasn't that Italian but remember
that strange moment when Trump kind of
humanized Kim jong-un along the campaign
trail where he's like I get this guy
he's out of powerful dad he's trying to
define himself people at Indy he's a
pretty smart sharp cookie or whatever
right that's it they're the same person
they are the same person that's what's
so terrifying about it right is that
they'll do the same thing back and forth
until something terrible happens and
their father willed to them an empire
and they've almost both bankrupted it at
different times and seen it rise and and
the comparison is unbelievable help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network calm
slash join
