the first day of protests began in st.
Louis today over the acquittal of an
ex-cop by the name of Jason Stockley now
Jason Stockley was a cop who shot and
killed a 24-year old by the name of
Anthony Lamar Smith back in 2011 and it
all occurred when there was a high-speed
pursuit following suspicions that Lamar
Smith was engaged in a drug deal after
there was a crash as a result of that
high-speed pursuits the cops sock Lee
was heard saying that he was going to
quote kill this motherfucker and then he
proceeded to get out of the police car
and shoot and kill Lamar Smith now that
cop has been acquitted he opted for the
type of trial where a judge gets to make
the decision and the judge decided that
you know Jason Stockley wasn't
necessarily guilty of what he was
charged with which was murder now of
course people wanted to respond to that
and there were a number of peaceful
protesters who took to the streets to do
that but unfortunately a select few
decided to get violent and that is what
is making headlines today so let's take
a quick look at the CNN report and I'll
fill in the blanks someone tried to
break the window here and as you walk
down you can see another glass that was
shattered here we saw someone picking up
large objects and trying to throw them
into the window now if you look back
this direction you can see the
flowerpots they turned over and what
they did was they tried to pick up these
pieces and throw them into the windows
as well we've watched police officers
all night trying to chase down some of
the suspects we know they made a few
arrests
right now everyone's on edge about
what's going on what they see in the
streets now this is after a day a
peaceful protest where we saw people
marching for miles and miles with no
issues but all of a sudden late at night
once again this is exactly what happens
a small group will start running through
the city and creating issues it's so
frustrating because it doesn't matter
how peaceful the protests were during
the day it doesn't matter how much those
protesters follow the law and just
wanted to practice their First Amendment
rights of you know protesting the
outcome of this case all of the
attention is on the select few who
decided to get violent and destroy and
vandalize property after nightfall now
more than 80 people were arrested late
Sunday as protesters attack police they
broke windows and flipped over trash
cans again this is not representative of
all the protesters it is a small group
of people who decided to unfortunately
get violent and again all of the
attention is focused on that also
according to multiple reports including
that of st. Louis post-dispatch
photographer Dave Carson officers
chanted whose streets our streets
after making arrests Sunday night Carson
also tweeted that among the arrestees
was Post Dispatch journalist Mike fault
Carson claims that these were mass
arrests and said that people complained
that they were given no way to exit so
they were told to disperse and it was
difficult to do so and as a result since
they couldn't disperse they were victim
to mass arrests at least according to
one of the photojournalist that was
there so it's just it's just like the
situations that happen in Berkeley when
a conservative speaker shows up you know
if you want to protest the speaker fine
but understand that people are people
who get violent and who cause trouble
are you lose the moral high ground you
know and and whatever political message
you're trying to spread unfortunately
gets hindered or destroyed by the select
few who decide to get violent it's so
frustrating yeah I applaud the activism
and no activism is something and I think
we've lost sight of in this country I
mean anti-war activism
was in short supply before we got into
Iraq I think the kind of activism when
it comes to these situations that
arrives all too frequently when a a
white cop is acquitted of violence to a
black citizen has been pulled over and
oftentimes these end up in sort of
lethal confrontations activism is needed
but as Anna says this activism that
borders on violence and that of course
does spill over into violence it seems
almost inevitably into violence that
only hurts the cause you know Ferguson
which it's weird Ferguson happened after
this incident happened even though this
judgment came down after Ferguson if he
wills so they chronologically they're
sort of reversed but Ferguson was one of
those situations where you had all these
people taking to the street and there
was violence and there was as I recon
this is very high-profile you'll
remember all the networks were on it and
and the disbursement of that crowd was
something that really became the focus
of the story now that situation had
video associated with it I feel which
maybe got people to sort of refocus on
the facts but I think the facts here are
getting lost in what you're talking
about which is the violence that spills
over from the activists a protest to
begin with right exactly and and every
report every report that I've read it
says that during the day the protests
were largely peaceful there were no
issues whatsoever at night all of a
sudden small group comes in and they
cause all these problems they they
vandalized
you know storefronts it's just so
incredibly stupid it's so stupid and I
know who knows who they are are they
provocateurs are they people who
actually believe in you know the
political statement that's being shared
during these protests are they just
people who are looking for trouble and
so there you know co-opting this I don't
know but what I do know is that it's
incredibly counterproductive and
incredibly frustrating because we all
know what the media is like okay the
medium latches on to the drama the
sensational stuff they don't care about
a political message they don't care
about people who want to speak truth to
power they're actively against people to
speak truth to power
just white so incredibly important to do
anything and everything you can to not
let these protests devolve into this
type of violence yeah even that by that
live shot that we saw from CNN and
focused on a planter that was turned
over on its side
really I mean that's a I mean I can't
even imagine you having sold that as a
location where you were gonna do your
report with a straight face oh yeah take
me live from the planter that's broken I
mean again now the obvious there was a
storefront that had been damaged as Anna
says and and again these store owners
have nothing to do with this police
violence if that's what you're concerned
with it's I think it is just people who
are out for the mayhem of it you know I
mean that high that comes from just
destroying shit you know and it's just
so dumb it's incredibly it undermines
the entire process but they're not
really concerned with the process to
begin with those who are generally
speaking part of this right and you know
this is somewhat different but also
related ben shapiro was gonna go speak
at berkeley i believe he did speak at
berkeley and the headlines prior to his
speaking engagement were embarrassing
they were so embarrassed Berkeley braces
for Ben Shapiro Berkeley shouldn't have
to brace for Ben Shapiro okay I don't
agree with Ben Shapiro on a number of
things but it doesn't matter if I agree
with him or not he should be able to go
on to a college campus a federally
funded public public college campus and
speak and share ideas and instead of you
know trying to meet speakers that you
disagree with with violence and a lot of
the protesters don't they just want to
protest right but for those who do want
to use violence to protest instead of
doing that which is incredibly
counterproductive and makes you look
foolish why not share opposing views
right have invite a different speaker on
to share his or her point of view on a
similar issue that Ben Shapiro is
discussing it's supposed to be a free
marketplace of ideas just because you
don't like the idea doesn't mean that it
you you know gives you a warrant to be
violent again those who just want a
peacefully protest I hear you fine I
think it's much more effective to just
ignore it you know instead of doing what
people
like Ben Shapiro and Ann Coulter want
which is the attention right right if
Brit actually is of course it's
counterproductive I mean that's a great
example of where it's just
counterproductive you bring all this
attention now to these speakers and you
make it sort of a hot ticket if you want
to think of it that way why do you think
they keep wanting to go to Berkeley to
speak you think it's an accident you
think it's a coincidence and they love
to point to the Liberals who are so free
speech who won't let them now speak
openly as Anna says a state-funded
University and how that they now that
the price of security has gone way up
and how they need personal security it
lets them pursue the narrative that they
want to tell and so it hurts it and
undermines the cause across the board if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
