a number of incidents occurred during
the Emmys this past weekend that had
people raising their eyebrows now the
one incident that I agree was
questionable involved the in memoriam
portion of the Emmys where they list and
commemorate all the individuals who lost
their lives or passed away throughout
the past year now Roger Ailes was
actually included in it and people are
not too happy okay so for those of you
who forgot about what Roger Ailes did he
had allegedly sexually harassed so many
women at Fox News that 21st Century Fox
the parent company for Fox News had to
shell out forty five million dollars in
settlements for Roger Ailes one woman
said that her experience with him was
psychological torture and that he
pressured her to perform oral sex on her
Ailes told one of his anchors gretchen
carlson quote i think you and i should
have had a sexual relationship a long
time ago and then you'd be good and
better and I'd be good and better
she received a twenty five million
dollar settlement as a result of the
sexual harassment that she allegedly
dealt with and so all these women came
forward and it led to him being ousted
from Fox News and the thought of him
being commemorated or celebrated upsets
people for a good reason I think yeah it
was a surprising to see him and it was a
weird in memoriam anyway because and you
if you didn't see it and you certainly
shouldn't be thought that if you didn't
I mean it's a long long show but yeah
this is a part of the show where they
you know you have a lot of people who've
made contributions to television
generally on screen but there are also a
lot of screen writers producers
directors who are part of it as well and
to see a less there was shocking by the
way
shocking also him view of the fact that
people like Dick Gregory who did tons of
Tonight Show appearances had been on
television again he's from that vintage
okay from long ago but that's a lot
oftentimes those are people who died the
people who were on television long ago
now old and to see him left out and
along with Aaron Moran from Happy Days
she was left out this is why you include
Roger Ailes this guy who resigned in
shame
I mean if this were the ESPYs would you
have Joe Paterno up there I mean I mean
Joe Paterno who knew about the abuse of
kids on the Penn State campus and look
the other way for decades no you
wouldn't and I think Roger Ailes falls
into that same category yeah that is a
great point that that's so perfectly
articulated and you know also keep in
mind that the people who were honored
included individuals like Gwen Ifill
who's amazing was amazing incredible
journalist
and you're saying as a pot was a pioneer
for women it was a pioneer for women and
so to have him included in that list I
think understandably upset some people
especially people who were victimized by
Roger Ailes so that was a little strange
and then of course everyone's talking
about Sean Spicer coming out and kind of
poking fun at himself and the fact that
he lied during a press briefing about
Trump's inauguration crowd size sizes or
size I don't really care about that yeah
that was funny I I thought also and I
guess maybe I should or shouldn't
include this in the mix but whether it
you know in the mix that you evaluate
things and but I thought well he's
making fun of this fact being clearly
bankrupt of any truth right and so from
that standpoint I kind of give him a
pass the other argument and again I'm
kind of torn is yeah but he was clearly
daily pushing these mistruths
miss truth truths and lies and and and
fictions and to that extent for him to
be even celebrated for a moment at the
Emmys that I get it that could be
galling I guess for some reason the
moment kind of played as theater to me
and for some reason it did both if you
brought um what's-her-name out I just
can't believe it
thank you oh my god she is a I mean that
would let's assume she left the Trump
White House and then she was included in
an Emmy bit I'd find it loathsome be on
Sean Spicer Sean Spicer was almost a
joke she is I think such a pernicious
influence on this society and media
she's a propagandist and a horror and
and she helped get this guy elected that
that also puts her in a different
category so that wouldn't pass the sniff
test he's closer for me he's closer yeah
I guess I don't care that much but the
the arguments that I've heard against
having him be part of the Emmys is that
it rehabilitates his career path fair
enough and and I hear you because right
now he's having a hard time finding work
people are just kind of saying no like
PR firms and and and things like that
and look that's what publicists do
though that's what press secretaries do
they do damage control they go out there
and they try to kind of change messaging
or change the perception of something
that a public figure has done or said
and so I'm not making excuses for Sean
Spicer but that is what he signed up for
right and and and look there are some
who would say that those who served
under Obama or Bush they should you know
they should suffer that same ostracized
faith that Sean Spicer will want to
consign him to the whole point of a
press secretary is to lie to you like
let's let's keep it real it's I mean
Sean Spicer it's it's much more jarring
given the fact that we have a man-child
sitting in the Oval Office right now but
or maybe not even sitting in the Oval
Office because he's never there but
nonetheless like sitting upstairs
watching TV but yeah exactly we get it
um it's it's it's more jarring with
Trump but in past administrations the
same thing the press secretary is there
for damage control to change the
perception of what the president has
done or is doing has said and so that's
not surprising it's just that Sean
Spicer's lies were just
incredibly obvious like the thing about
the crowd sizes at the inauguration and
he was asked about that today actually
and he was asked whether or not he
regrets that press briefing and he said
I do well I would I would regret it too
that was laughable if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
