Iceland's government is allegedly
currently facing a collapse over an
issue involving distrust now the prime
minister of Iceland failed to disclose
the fact that his father signed a letter
of recommendation that allowed a
convicted pedophile to receive restored
honor
now Iceland's justice system is very
different from the United States this
convicted pedophile would essentially
have his record expunged if he could
receive three letters of recommendation
which claimed that his character is
actually great and the Prime Minister's
father actually signed one of those
letters and now people are upset because
this convicted pedophile is actually
pretty terrible and the fact that the
Prime Minister's father helped him get
his record expunged concerns people now
the party blamed Benedict's in' he is
the prime minister of iceland for
failing to inform the government that
his father wrote a letter recommending a
pardon for this convicted pedophile
his name is hawksin and he was convicted
back in 2004 of raping his stepdaughter
almost daily for 12 years starting when
she was only 5 years old now hawkins
victim described the pardon as surreal
and said he continues to harass her and
text messages and phone calls now how
did this lead to the government
collapsing
well according to reports the centrist
bright future party dropped out of the
three party conservative coalition
eliminating its one seat parliamentary
majority benediction called a snap or
called for a snap election on Friday as
protesters gathered near the Parliament
building in the city's posh downtown
area now the election is scheduled for
October 28th the story is insane
yeah well there's so much going on there
I mean first of all in any kind of
universe where a pedophile has a record
expunged or even given any kind of pass
I mean it's just it's horrifying I mean
it's the one area I think that has
become
a place where people can skate who
should be burning in hell you know
they've been they've skated in on the
church they've skated in athletics I
mean this happens all around and in many
communities now's not the time the many
communities that we we look up to and
revere they're often cloistered
communities there's a lot of bad stuff
going on in there but because they're
cloistered and they seem quaint from the
outside we'd give them a pass anyway
this is horrifying but my point is
simply in mentioning those other
examples that I just feel as though this
is for some reason maybe it's because
it's kids who don't have a voice
that for whatever reason resonates with
people the same way these powerful men
in this case a very powerful man does
maybe that's why it's just it's so wrong
that it makes your skin crawl
yeah it's beyond wrong and you know
we're critical of the justice system
here in the u.s. because it's so overly
punitive and doesn't focus on you know
rehabilitating people so they can go
back into society and be productive
members of society
but the fact that in other countries you
can have your record expunged if you're
a convicted pedophile if you've raped
someone for years every single day you
can have your record expunged just based
on letters of recommendation by the way
this convicted pedophile served six
years in prison
III mean I don't think that's enough if
he is now able to harass his victim and
that's what his victim is alleging that
he is now harassing her and this pardon
has you know destroyed her peace of mind
and no one should have to deal with that
no and it's really all about the victim
I mean once the once the guy gets out it
should all be about the victim so there
should be you know in this country we'd
have a restraining order right so that
that person can't communicate with the
victim in any way that person can't go
near the the victim physically in any
way I mean this would all be sort of
baked into the release and that person
would have to be checking in with the
parole officer or whomever
regularly instead it's just the opposite
as Anna says this guy's you know
lighting her up just harassing her
because he's pissed off that he had to
serve six years after he raped her again
and and this is stuff that he is plenty
this is stuff that he's admitted to yeah
he raped her for twelve years starting
it from when she was five years old it's
just crazy another thing I just wanted
to quickly make a comment on is how
there was swift action you know as soon
as this information was put out there
and it was reported people protested
they took to the streets members of his
party you know stepped down because you
know because of the distrust that this
led to and that's one of the reasons the
coalition should Coalition exactly so
that's the reason why you know the
government in Iceland is kind of I don't
want to say it's in shambles
I mean it's being reported as collapsing
but there will be an election on October
28th in response to what just occurred
and it's just fascinating stuff it's
just so different from you know what we
experience and hear about here in the
United States and I wish there was
better reporting about it in the u.s.
because it's I think it matters you know
you we're all tied together in some way
and and to know what's going on in
Iceland I think is is important and
relevant yeah no I know it's and we have
a we have a history here of again
particularly under the umbrella of
religion letting a lot of people get
away with a lot of stuff and this is not
so different help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
