if you think Republicans in Congress are
finally done trying to repeal and
replace the Affordable Care Act you'd be
wrong
the Senate is attempting to revive the
issue by coming out with yet another
version of a replacement plan for the
Affordable Care Act and it is not any
better than the proposals that they had
previously which of course failed to get
a simple majority now according to the
New York Times if the Senate does not
vote by the end of next week it will
become nearly impossible to repeal the
law because the drive to kill the
Affordable Care Act will lose the
procedural protections that allow it to
pass the Senate with a simple majority
rather than the 60 votes that would
otherwise be needed so just to give you
a sense of what this new proposal
entails under the bill millions could
lose coverage Medicaid would see the
same magnitude of cuts that earlier
repeal bills extracted and insurers in
some states would charge higher premiums
to people with pre-existing conditions
so under this proposal if you have a
pre-existing condition insurance
companies can't deny you coverage but
they would be able to charge you
whatever they want so if you have cancer
or a serious illness they could go ahead
and charge you an amount that you
wouldn't be able to pay and so it's
essentially like not having access to
this coverage by the way this was a
proposal that was put out by Senators
Lindsey Graham and bill Cassidy I'm
gonna give you a couple more details
about in just a second but I wanted to
get your thoughts well personally I do
you have to go into the fact that it's
Graham Cassidy Heller & Johnson and
three at least three out of the four
those four senators were senators who
until the very end of the last one were
not really committed in one way or the
other on whether or not to repeal or not
this is no different this cuts out
this makes fundamental changes to
Medicaid so if it makes fundamental
changes to Medicaid like the last one
did and that was the reason that was the
crutch that Lisa Murkowski leaned on and
that Susan Collins leaned on and and to
an extent we think John McCain did to an
extent it if that's what made them vote
against it then there's no difference
time that there's nothing different this
time that should make them vote for it
and and also you know John McCain of
course voted against the Senate's
version of the replacement plan and that
was a huge story and this time around
he's saying essentially the same thing
where he's like you guys are just trying
to jam this through the Senate without
you know advising with committees
without giving us an opportunity to do a
proper analysis so it doesn't seem as
though he would be on board but it's
interesting political pressure this time
around because the governor of Arizona
has come out and said that he supports
this and that's supposed to somehow
influence McCain to vote in favor of it
but it doesn't seem like that's likely
also in that state by the way it's
usually the other way I mean Ducey is is
a new governor John McCain is the
godfather of Arizona politics until he's
not in a way that yeah not not quite in
the way that Barry Goldwater was for
time but he certainly is that guy there
now so it's he's not to be influenced by
governor Ducey that politically he'll be
more influenced by the fact that Lindsey
Graham's name is on the legislation that
he will that his home state governor but
there's nothing about this legislation
that makes it more palatable and this is
just a political effort right this is
just the McCain's right where everyone's
right when they talk about this just as
an attempt to jam it through before that
deadline yeah it seems naked ly true
that that's the what's happening here it
seems and look this is my read of it so
far it seems unlikely to pass the Senate
and even if it does pass the Senate
obviously they have to work with the
house negotiate and come up with an
agreement so the house can vote in favor
of it but why would Senate Republicans
do this like you guys embarrassed
yourselves so badly why would you
breathe like that was such a huge
failure on your part and all of a sudden
this this new version new version even
though it's pretty much the same
proposal that's a harsher Anna I mean
that the pre-existing conditions thing
makes it harsher so let me give you the
details because we're just kind of
implying that it's a little different
but the same I want I want you to know
all the information the new element is a
block grant mr. Graham and mr. Cassidy
would give each state a fixed amount of
federal money for health care and health
insurance each year from 2020
to 2026 the allotments total 1.2
trillion over the 7 years and so their
argument is we're gonna give these
states block grants and they can do
whatever they want with that money and
it would lack certain oversight that's
necessary to ensure that insurance
companies don't take advantage of people
that insurance companies don't charge
you know insanely astronomical premiums
for people who have pre-existing
conditions States would have sweeping
new discretion over how to use the money
and they could receive federal Block
Grant funds without putting up state
money so that would be an issue as well
the gramm cassidy bill would make deep
cuts in medicaid it would end the
expansion of eligibility under the
Affordable Care Act which has extended
coverage to 13 million people and
finally insurers would still have to
offer insurance to anyone who applied
but States could obtain federal waivers
allowing insurers to charge higher
premiums to sick people or to omit some
of the benefits they are now required to
provide like maternity care mental
health care or treatment for drug
addiction which by the way you know I
thought Republicans were very concerned
about mental health care because of all
these mass shootings that are happening
in the country or do they only care
about mental health care when there are
mass shootings in the country and they
want to distract us from any discussion
about gun control you know it's just the
scapegoat that they like to latch on to
for political reasons when it's
convenient for them but when push comes
to shove they don't care about funding
actual mental health care no I mean it
stated so cleanly and I just laid it out
so cleanly I think of this for a
superhero movie you'd think well these
are the this is the evil cabal that has
to be destroyed I mean superhero movies
said look at the outfit that Lindsey
Graham's with but then you'd say it must
be an evil cabal but but but I also I
mean yes you're right because of what
she just read it's even more clear right
that this is not a this makes you said
Mr Graham said it made mr. Graham's bill
makes deep cuts in Medicare they also
talked about these which is why they
didn't support it last time then they
talk about these block grants between X
amount and and Y amount of money going
to these states well
we you're gonna you're not gonna give
the same amount of money to California
is you're gonna give to West Virginia so
then there's more government involved
right this is the party that one's less
government so how are we gonna decide
which state gets how much money
Oh more government involved well they're
not gonna be involved in your care
but they'll be involved and tell you how
much money you have to spend on your
care so they're involved in your care so
they're involved in your care it's
ridiculous and another thing I wanted to
mention was you know you mentioned how
okay when it comes to these block grants
well it doesn't make sense to give
California and West Virginia the same
amount of money one of the arguments
from Republicans in the Senate is you
know California requires so much more in
terms of resources for healthy yeah
there's a lot of people living in
California it's a gigantic thing they're
illegally here and uh come on wake up
the hell's wrong with us they didn't
vote for then what this is the real
political he wanted in both president
the politically wonky thing though is
that Dean Heller is this in danger of
Republican senator and now blue Nevada
you've been to Nevada mark that and it
he is fighting for his political life he
voted for it last time when it went down
he said no no we got we got to come up
with something better and so now it's
become of course the bill like so many
bills have a number of sponsor but this
is graham cassidy heller johnson right
so the hell are not even colors not even
out front so he can't go back to Nevada
and say he had anything to do with this
so I thought that was funny too but
maybe I'm the only one who thought that
all right well we'll keep an eye on this
and see how it develops but I mean
politically I think it's a dumb move for
senators I don't know why they'd want to
revive this embarrassment but they're
doing it if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
com slash join
