over the weekend Donald Trump retweeted
a gif or Jif
regardless of how you want to say it a
gift I guess to those who condone
violence it was a tweet that essentially
showed a woman who appeared to be
Hillary Clinton getting hit in the head
by a golf ball classy so just to give
you the background he retweeted this
gift featuring a doctored video of him
striking Hillary Clinton with a golf
ball that was originally posted by a
user named fucked-up mind great person
to retweet if you're president that user
has posted many racist tweets about the
Obama family along with Islamophobic and
anti-semitic memes now that's the
description of it but how about you take
a look for yourself this was the video
okay so I usually don't like talking
about his tweets because he's a child
and I hate wasting time talking about
how he's acting like a child on social
media but this really stood out to me
not because I'm a huge Hillary Clinton
supporter or anything like that has
nothing to do with politics it has
everything to do with an issue that
we're facing as a country right now and
that's the issue of violence right there
is this argument that okay those on the
left they're violent they're not
allowing people to speak on college
campuses they they they respond with
violence toward anyone they disagree
with but here's the thing okay the fish
rots from the head down that is one of
my favorite quotes from the scaramouche
in New York a New Yorker interview it
does and he is our leader he is our
president right and he on several
occasions has condoned violence he did
it while he was campaigning and he
talked about punching people in the face
he does it when it comes to these tweets
he thinks it's cute he thinks it's funny
but it's not you are the leader of the
country you're supposed to set a
standard and you can't run around
condoning violence when you're
retweeting fucked up mind
with a video showing violence supporting
violence you know celebrating violence
that's what he does over and over again
so look I hate violence regardless of
which side it's coming from I don't care
if it's coming from the left or the
right it shouldn't happen but if you
talk about destroying someone's career
over a photo holding a decapitated head
that looks like you well then you should
also set a standard indicating day you
know these types of tweets are
unacceptable but he won't do that he's a
child and here's the thing you could
look at this and go come on it's just a
gif of you know he thought it was funny
he's he is a he's an idiot you know so
he doesn't realize that this thing that
he thought is funny you shouldn't just
necessarily blindly retweet but but he's
an idiot
but I think Anna makes a really good
point about the culture right now it's
heightened in terms of the fear of
violence and it's heightened in terms of
fear because there really is a threat of
violence you know there's that that
Martin shkreli thing where he hey was
say he was offering money for anybody
who got the Hillary Clinton's hair a
lock of her hair I mean and that was a
real threat because she's out there
promoting a book right now and you know
we're not fans or I can also add my name
to the list of people on this panel not
particularly a fan of Hillary Clinton
but I certainly wouldn't want anything
that even borders on hey isn't it funny
how she got hit in the head with a golf
exactly and again I know it's just a
golf ball right but in this environment
you just can't it doesn't exist alone it
exists in this environment I think it's
a dangerous thing well I'm a big fan of
hers but that that aside you said gift
by the way so I think oh is it Jeff I
don't know why people say Jeff I guess
that's the way it's supposed to be said
but I like I don't know and you know the
thing that's most you know disturbing to
me is a that he sees this retweeted
retweets it from the person who
retweeted like when you I didn't know
that about this until you read it that
this guy retreats racist anti-semitic
anti Obama things off with his handle
you wouldn't think he would you know
yeah
can you guys imagine if Obama had done
that during you know one of his guys I
mean I brought this up last week because
when I remembered it it blew my mind how
much things have changed or how much of
a double standard there is he was
getting criticized Obama was getting
criticized because he wore a tan colored
suit he wore a tan colored suit and
people were criticized so disrespectful
to the presidency and I come on you have
to wear a dark suit it's yeah come on
what do you think have a conversation
right now about Donald Trump retweeting
a terrible person onto a Twitter troll
essentially and and using a video that
condones violence anyway well the best
was that Gerald Ford did it and it
wasn't even a meme he just hit somebody
with a golf ball when he was golfing I
did I got hurt so well I think George HW
Bush did the same even if you didn't
know what what that it was a jiff or
what it was you're the president dude
don't retweet anything from fucked-up
minds okay I don't care what he tweets
by the way get off Twitter for half a
second there's a ton of appointments
that need to be made for the Defense
Department you know you're all big on
national security but you don't want to
do your job when it comes to you know
filling important roles when it comes to
national security how about an
ambassador in South Korea how about that
an ambassador in South Korea right
that's the North Korea I mean he's just
pathetic he's pathetic and so the next
time he starts talking about and Tifa or
violence on the left just remember the
kind of stuff he condones on to his own
social media okay just remember that
because I'm not buying into this double
standard where violence on the right is
okay but violence on the left needs to
be condemned help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm slash
joining
