recently TYT partner with participant
media they make a lot of great movies
and an Inca media sequel truth to power
and we did that for ten days of action
we showed you ten different NGOs those
are the different organizations that
help out with climate crisis we showed
you how you can participate you got to
check that out find the group that's
right for you and then take action with
them now can you tell what the climate
crisis isn't over of course of course
it's not over look at what happened in
Houston and Florida it's exactly what
they warned you about in fact I'm gonna
show you a video about that that is so
amazing look Al Gore created this truth
intense slideshow it's just ten minutes
and I wanted to show you a small cliff
Fuhrman
because this is not after Harvey and
Irma and Jose this was before the
hurricanes listen to what he says it's
chock full of information in this clip
just a little over a minute but it also
shows you exactly what was coming and it
did come so watch this as a result all
this heats being trapped and the air
temperatures going up quite dramatically
and this is causing record-breaking
year 16 of the 17 hottest years ever
measured with instruments have been
since 2001 and the hottest of all was
last year and of course heat itself is a
problem in many parts of the world many
parts of this country but on a global
basis more than 90 percent of all this
extra heat energy is going into the
oceans and they're heating up pretty
rapidly and this makes the ocean based
storms like hurricanes and typhoons and
cyclones stronger and more destructive
and it also disrupts the water cycle
because the water vapor coming off the
oceans is increasing very significantly
as the oceans warm and that's carried
over the land and falls in much bigger
precipitation events both rain and snow
so we get these record downpours and
that leads to record flooding look the
guy's not an astronomer this is not a
scientist all you did was listen to the
scientist and he explained it in the
slideshow and he said
this is what's likely to happen and then
boom it happened right after the movie
came out it happened in Houston and
South Florida yes it makes the storms
more severe that's what they were
telling you that's why you got to take
action so what can you do now go to an
inconvenience equals access center or
the description below you can download
the presentation you can personalize it
make it your own you can practice it
share it with your family your friends
your school your work
you've got to spread the word and we got
to do this together at a bare minimum go
to the link below and watch it you're
gonna be amazing it's only ten minutes
you're gonna say oh my god this is
exactly what they said was gonna happen
so the next part of this is for you guys
you've got to get involved their motto
is be inconvenient and whether the
people in power like it or not it's up
to us to take action and when we do I
promise you we can change the world go
watch it download it share with others
together we're gonna make a difference
but you got to take action and you got
to do it right now
