a michigan teacher has been suspended
following an incident where he allegedly
violently snatched a sixth-grade student
from his chair after he refused to stand
for the Pledge of Allegiance according
to reports the sixth grader stone Chaney
was sitting in his homeroom class at
East middle school
this is in Michigan farming ham Hill's
in his first week at the school when he
was grabbed from behind by this teacher
the teacher consultant comes up behind
me and snatches me out of my chair
violently I was so confused I didn't
know what was going on that was a
statement from stone Chaney himself and
so this is kind of crazy like teachers
shouldn't put their hands on students
period but apparently this teacher was a
former member of the military use of vet
he did release a statement about this
and here's what he had to say his name
is Steven Steven that's his name Steven
Stevens kind of a fun name yeah yeah he
says I would love to be able to talk to
him and you know try to get their side
and try to explain my side so maybe we
can come to an understanding because I
understand that they have the right to
do that meaning the right to not stand
during the Pledge of Allegiance but I
don't believe that they understand what
that right really entails but here's the
thing even though stone Chaney is just a
sixth grader to some he has thought this
through he usually actually he never
stands for the Pledge of Allegiance
because as he says I don't stand because
I don't pledge to a flag I pledge to God
and family oh damn who's that the wrong
person
so but that is that funny because if
you're a thoughtful progressive being
you're not standing for the pledge
because you think that I and you might
love the country but you think that that
kind of patriotism is misguided because
it can lead to Django is whatever it is
that you your reason behind it or you
want to improve the country and you're
making a point like Kaepernick and the
others have done in the NFL people like
oh yeah they had it coming right but if
it turns out the kid was doing it for
religious reasons oh sorry sorry oh I
didn't know that because that's okay
yeah you know being progressive and
thoughtful is not okay but being
religious is awesome so my bad I didn't
I got the wrong kid
I meant to commit violence against
someone else what I want to know is when
I always pay attention to people's words
cuz he said they we can if we could all
if I could only get them and they who is
they are you talking about black people
because Colin Kaepernick is not standing
for the flag when a bunt
what thousands and thousands of white
jehovah's witnesses don't pledge to a
flag are you snatching them up you know
like scream it real okay the Americans
who are the most critical about Colin
Kaepernick who go to those football
games are usually at a concession stand
at the toilet taking a leak or
scratching their asses as the national
anthem is is taking place and I will
just keep it real because I've been to
these sporting events not football games
but definitely baseball games over and
over and over again and I see the same
thing people don't take it seriously I
was married to a professional football
player and and the during the national
anthem that's social time that's when
everybody's talking and chilling going
to get their snacks so that they don't
miss the kickoff that is when people are
going to get their beers it you know
what I'm just so tired of people masking
racism with patriotism patriotism means
if I don't believe it was happening
right now I disagree the fact that we
have the right to do that in this
country that's what being a patriot is
saying I am American but America
sometimes doesn't get it right that is
what being a real Patriot is not blind
patriotism where it's I do everything
that the people who I want to
serve though people who are the group
that I belong to feels like what they're
being extinguished is that what white
people were saying now these white
people are saying we're being we're
being our cult twitter is hell and i
have to stay away from it
there's wiping us away they they want to
erase us no we just want to be visible
we just want to be seen Colin Kapernick
is standing up for people who don't
stand up for him doesn't even have to
it's interesting cuz actually exactly a
week ago we did a story and it's not
based on our thoughts or our feelings
it's based on numbers there was a study
done into religion in America and the
study found that the population that's
declining is white individuals who
identify as Christian so less and less
white Americans identify with
Christianity and simply by covering that
story people lost it as if we're the
ones convincing white Americans to stop
believing in Christianity they're doing
that on their own okay so you can go
ahead and blame us all you want but
that's what's going on so I'll tell you
real quick that you know back when I was
a Republican I was younger I was wrong
on this issue I remember being super mad
at Mahmoud Abdul Rauf who wouldn't stand
for the pledge now when I saw stone
Cheney it did it for religious reasons I
thought seventh-day adventists - yeah
you know and because that's often who
does it but he was Muslim he used to be
Chris Jackson and then he changed his
name and and he wouldn't stand because
of that and and I thought no but the
American gives you the rights and the
abilities to make that statement so it's
so disrespectful to - not but then I
realized later like wait a minute look
at the irony of what I just said America
gives you the right to not stand for the
pledge so then why am I getting all bent
out of shape that he's not standing for
the pledge that's the whole point and in
fact I now think there's at least an
argument to be made that it is more
patriotic not less patriotic to not
stand for the Pledge of Allegiance or
the national anthem because you're
making a statement about the freedom
that you have in this country yeah and I
grew up seventh-day adventists and I did
pledge of allegiance even though I
wasn't supposed to because they used to
shame me for it because I was brown
and teachers would say something things
to you like why don't you want to pledge
to the flag they let you come here like
they would say things like that so they
were shame me so I'm standing there and
I'm like I hope my mom doesn't walk in
cuz I'm gonna get in trouble but you're
you're not seventh-day adventists to
hold those witnesses they don't pledge
allegiance to the flag and let's just
note the final irony of they let you
come here I know wait a minute if you're
if you're Latino there's some chance you
were here first well help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
