the parent company to all motels six
locations has issued a statement
indicating that none of their motels
should be sending guest lists to ice
officials now this was a response to two
Phoenix
motel 6 locations that decided to
voluntarily share their guest lists on a
daily basis with ice officials which
then led to dozens of undocumented
immigrants or at least dozens of people
getting arrested so I was like okay how
is this even allowed to happen a Supreme
Court ruling back in 2015 indicated that
ice officials could not force hotels to
hand over this type of information so
they were obviously voluntarily doing it
and the parent company here is not happy
about it so let me give you their
statement moving forward to help ensure
that this does not occur again we will
be issuing a directive to every one of
our more than 1,400 locations nationwide
making clear that they are prohibited
from voluntarily providing daily guest
lists to ice the company will also be
undertaking a comprehensive review of
practices surrounding staff engagement
with law enforcement making certain that
it is done in a manner that is
respectful to our guests rights now it
doesn't matter what your background is
or whether or not there's any suspicion
of you being in the country illegally
they were just straight-up send their
guest lists of everyone to ice officials
so regardless of where you stand on the
immigration debate keep in mind that if
you went to these two locations in
Phoenix they were giving your info to
federal agents so look this is actually
a broader issue but but it doesn't get
talked about much and even Donald Trump
intimated on a couple of occasions that
he knew what guests that were staying at
his properties were saying on the phone
in other words they can and apparently
according to Trump did listen in on what
their guest said so that's outrageous
and now look if you go to
almost any of the big hotels now they
have cameras everywhere so there they
have that and then if you're in Vegas
they've got cameras everywhere so to
what degree that they keep your private
information as to who's going in and out
of your room what calls you made what
you've done and now it turns out some of
them are working with the government
handing it over to the government well
that's a disaster in the making and the
fact that you have to appeal to people
and say you're at risk too so that they
can have some sort of empathy empathy oh
it's the sad thing about it that you
have to say hey your phone number could
be given or your information so but I
just think that this speaks to this this
everybody's a sheriff right now people
who hate everybody who's other they're
all sheriffs right now they're always
policing the NRA made a statement
talking about Kinane mentioned comedy
clubs their policing everything that
they they want to police comedians yeah
they want police everybody this just
makes me sad it I've been talking about
this on stage a lot and I've been
getting a lot of backlash some of the
people here came to see I was I really
want these white people to imagine it
back in the day when immigrant when the
white settlers got here Native Americans
would have treated them the way that
they treat immigrants imagine them
chanting seat that ship sink that ship
can you imagine if that happened and
they'd be like no we don't speak English
here we speak peyote imagine if that was
the case they there's no empathy because
they have no idea but it's just it's
really sad that you that that bothers me
the most of all is that you have to say
hey guys you you two are at risk for
people to have empathy I mean this is
vigilantism like when we think of
vigilante justice it's usually bloody
and physical and violent and you know it
doesn't necessarily have to be violent
to be considered vigilante justice you
who are these hotel employees and and
what makes them think that it's
acceptable to hand over personal
information to federal agents by the way
without the consent of their patrons
people who are paying to stay there and
also just going back to the whole thing
about people policing each other that's
the reason why I was infuriated with the
story that we covered yesterday
involving a
Transylvania University student in
Kentucky who created a Facebook page
harassing and and directing others to
harass a Dhaka student right who has
been in the country since she was two
years old and she had to deal with all
sorts of threats and all sorts of
harassment I mean come on
can we just be decent to each other yes
yeah so to both of your points is it
some campaign in the tri-state area new
york new jersey area where they sit says
something like if you think something is
suspicious it probably is reported yeah
no no it almost certainly is not I'm not
saying don't report anything I mean you
see some sort of bag with the wires
sticking out of it my god report that
right away okay but what it does is it
encourages vigilantes oh that one looks
suspicious and why why did it look
suspicious uh-oh a gerund apparent to
you that an overwhelming percentage of
people report as suspicious had brown
skin and and and I also guarantee you
and and and we might certainly look into
this and investigated that an
overwhelming percentage of those people
didn't do a damn thing I would be
shocked if for that number wasn't above
ninety percent that they didn't do
anything I'd be shocked if they ever
found anybody like oh my god I know that
guy looked fishy to me I reported it so
he would stop and frisk in New York yeah
I mean really have we ever caught a
terrorist because somebody said I don't
know he looked fishy and it comes like
oh my god it turns out he's a terrorist
I've never heard of that case never not
once how many times that we do a story
like oh I thought that guy looked fishy
that would kick him out of a plane it
turned out he was a doctor
oops Yeah right so and one more thing to
your point idea so New York City had
Muslims monitored everywhere under
Bloomberg so not just the moss which is
already like if you did it to a
synagogue people would be outraged if
you do church you would have war over
right mosques and yeah of course invade
their mosques what do we live in a free
country okay so they people accept that
as like obvious right but then they
would go to other places the community
centers and then to the schools and we
found out that they were even monitoring
Rutgers students even though they're not
even in
and records in New Jersey and they were
my theory at the time that bro tip went
there uh ha ha swender ok i slor' call
brooked anyway woke banks and they
probably reported back all they do is
drink so anyway and the conclusion of
all that was it was revealed was they
had wasted a tremendous amount of money
and not had one suspicious person that
they found not one all that monitoring
or what did it do it made us paranoid
it made us doubt one another in you know
and at the end it didn't catch any
terrorists at all if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm /join
