a group of individuals planning on
protesting in DC very soon this weekend
actually are a group of people who refer
to themselves as Juggalos they are fans
of Insane Clown Posse and what they're
protesting has to do with how the
government classified them a couple
years ago they were classified as a gang
and they disagree with that and as a
result they are fighting to have that
classification taken away so just to
give you an idea of who they are despite
a sizable population of female fans who
are dubbed the juggle s ICPs or Insane
Clown Posse's following is made up
mostly of young white men from
working-class backgrounds they tend to
feel like they've been misunderstood
Outsiders their whole lives whether for
being overweight looking weird being
poor or even for just liking and saying
Clown Posse in the first place it's a
world where by the way this is not
something that I'm saying this is a by
Brian Rafferty on wired he writes that
it's a world where man boobs are on
proud display where long hairs and pink
hairs mingle where nobody makes fun of
the fat kid toweling off okay so just to
go back real quick back in 2011 the
Justice Department's national gang
Intelligence Center decided the Juggalos
were a quote loosely organized hybrid
gang like the Crips Bloods and ms-13 the
annual gang threat assessment report
said they engaged in criminal activity
and violence okay
so let's stop for a second they're not a
gang they're not like a couple of them
have broken the law or have done violent
things but they don't have like some
sort of like they're not an organized
criminal thing you know what I'm saying
yeah they don't make any money I'm just
thinking it's too soon to it it came out
they got those clowns it feels like a
little promotion for the movie but I
feel I I think it's it's messed up but I
think sometimes these things need to
happen for people to gain empathy the a
group of young white men working-class
classified as a gang
like it just it's they're being
stereotyped if they're being very old
Hobden asks to be stereotyped so I have
a confession I was almost a Juggalo so
not a gigolo though I had no chance here
oh so I used to listen the Insane Clown
Posse and I liked it and then they saw
like I looked I looked into the Juggalo
life no I I read a little bit about the
Juggalos because that's you know they
talked right about they talk about it
all the time in the songs and it's about
that lifestyle etcetera and yeah they're
that you know what they're like they're
more like hooligans
for that our soccer fans in Europe and
then they'll go and they'll cause
trouble now do all new this of course
nod it is some percentage and I don't
know what the percentage is of Juggalos
that go and we'll mess stuff up right
like and I don't know why soccer fans do
it either they'll be like okay we're
here let's just break stuff right and
call ourselves hooligans that is what
they're really similar to but I never
saw it like Juggalos potential
terrorists we should monitor them hey
Jan ms-13 cuts people's heads off on you
- right so Juggalos might do some stupid
but they're not gonna cut people's heads
off and they don't do it as a group like
again a group of people regardless is
gonna have a couple individuals who
break the law do violent things but to
just generalize about all of them is
crazy I think yeah and if they put them
in a group with like organized crime
that's by almost definition they are not
organized yeah there might be crime here
or there but that's not their point so
bring it down well that's what we're
headed oh that's where we're headed in
if we continue where the way we're going
with the administration we're all under
scrutiny all the time if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
