authorities in London are referring to a
bomb that was detonated on a London
train as a terrorist attack now at the
moment we don't have full details as to
who perpetrated this incident over the
perpetrator is however fortunately no
one has died or is expected to die as a
result of this bomb
however 22 people have been injured to
give you more details The Associated
Press reports that the bomb went off
around 8:30 a.m. as the train carrying
commuters from the suburbs including
many school children was at Parsons
green station in the southwest of the
city one commuter who was on that train
said I ended up squashed on the
staircase people were falling over
people fainting crying there were little
kids clinging onto the back of me also
photos taken inside the Train showed a
white plastic bucket inside a foil-lined
shopping bag with flames and what
appeared to be wires emerging from the
top now just to give you a sense of how
many people can fit on this train
according to reports at capacity the
Train could hold more than 800 people so
it is extremely lucky that no one is
going to die as a result of this attack
and the injuries that people are dealing
with are non-life-threatening people
have burns but they're expected to
survive and recover all right so there's
one rare thing I agree with Donald Trump
on it which is that these terrorists are
losers and say partly thank God for that
so because there was a guy named Damon
Smith who tried to do a bombing last
year in a similar fashion couldn't get
the bomb explode thank God incompetent
idiot loser
and in this case thank God people were
not killed but they easily could have
been and and they're losers also because
they don't know how to effectuate change
whatever they think has changed in their
stupid minds so they go the route of oh
let me just murder school children who
are on this train and and that'll be my
idea of what getting something done
you know they're mad they're mad about
something
and so murdering little kids is gonna
make it better no it's not gonna make
anything better it's just that you're
too stupid and you're too immoral and
you're too sick to come up with anything
else but mainly stupid hey if I I don't
know who they are right now look
everybody's guessing that the obvious
since there's been a lot of terrorist
attacks in Europe involving Muslims and
inside London and the UK as well most
people are guessing Muslims Isis and by
the way you know we also now we just say
Isis blanket but now al Qaeda apparently
told people and yes they still exist yes
there's different than Isis sometimes
they even fight Isis it's a freaking
mess right they're all idiots and losers
and and apparently al Qaeda told people
to go bomb train so maybe it was
inspired by Al Qaeda either way it comes
to the same conclusion if it is in that
direction but even if it isn't it's it's
the same thing whether it's like some
sort of some other terrorist I don't
want to speculate on what what other
terrorists it is it's people who in
their minds were aggrieved they think
and and they would thought the way the
proper way to handle it was to murder
other people I mean let's just note the
irony of if it's al Qaeda or Isis we're
really mad at the West for killing our
folks so we will show that by killing
your folks well that's what you were mad
at in the first place so it doesn't seem
like you're making your very productive
I know it says oldest time I know will
you kill us we kill you and round and
round we go until everybody's dead but
it hasn't worked throughout the history
of mankind it's not working now it's not
gonna get you anything all its gonna do
is murder innocent kids so I mean how
can I be more outraged and more
disgusted by this and again thank God
they were stupid enough that they
couldn't yet get it to work so that
anybody died and by the way a lot of
people could could have died in a panic
too as they were running away from it
look there's no good way of talking
about it because no matter what you say
these these barbarians get more
encouraged
oh yeah well next time I'm gonna make
the bond better oh for god damn it right
and hey they're just what they're what
they're actually doing is looking for
glory oh I'm gonna be the glorious guy
who you know took part took in this war
in Jihad or whatever else they had in
there handed whether it's the neo-nazis
here in Charlottesville or or the isis
in all over europe oh and I'm going to
Oh everybody's gonna talk about me and
I'm gonna be the hero nobody's a hero
for murdering little kids
you're just a low some prick was too
stupid to figure out how to do anything
else if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm / join
