the New York Times has just published an
explosive piece in regard to the
relationship between Donald Trump and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions now if
you could remember a couple months ago
Donald Trump was pretty vicious toward
Jeff Sessions after he recused himself
in the Russia investigation however more
information has just been leaked to the
New York Times by current and former
Trump administration officials and some
of the details are amazing it has to do
with a confrontation that Trump had with
sessions back in May and in that
confrontation Trump was incredibly
insulting towards sessions and it led
sessions to send Trump a resignation
letter but what happened next well let
me fill him in details so the president
attributed the appointment of Special
Counsel Robert Mueller Muller to mr.
sessions decision to recuse himself from
the Justice Department's Russian
investigation accusing mr. sessions of
disloyalty Trump unleashed a string of
insults on his Attorney General so what
were those insults Trump told mr.
sessions that choosing him to be
Attorney General was one of the worst
decisions he had made called him an
idiot and said that he should resign now
this occurred in front of a number of
you know administration officials and
some of those officials then went on to
leak all of these details to the New
York Times and look what I'm about to
say is speculation right Steve banner
was definitely one of them right hates
the fact that all of a sudden Trump is
saying he's gonna do something to
protect daca recipients right and he
loves Jeff Sessions in fact he was one
of the people working with Trump trying
to convince Trump don't stop insulting
sessions stop attacking him you know
what I mean so sessions is super against
immigrants so it agrees with Steve
Bannon and that is such a great point
because the one thing I couldn't solve
is why did this story come out now yeah
because it having a
and there was a lot of opportunities for
a lot of people to leak this story
earlier but they didn't and because it
didn't suit anybody's purpose now
it suits someone's purpose right it
suits his purpose and remember this this
story just broke a day after Trump
announced that he reached a deal with
Democrats in regard to daca Steve Bannon
sends his regards yes that's that's a
great point Anna Romsey yeah and and
look think about it's about Donald Trump
and why he's yelling at sessions in the
first place and then we get into the
heart of the very insults at cetera and
sessions reaction why is Trump this mad
that sessions didn't show loyalty by
ending an investigation of Trump like if
again if what would I go out of the path
of legality and humiliate my own
Attorney General in front of everybody
if there was an investigation about
something I didn't do oh but if I did it
and I know that it's gonna wind up
really really poorly for me I go god
damn it Jeff why did you recuse yourself
you were supposed to be loyal and end
that investigation right or wrong legal
or not legal you're such an idiot
what he's saying is you idiot I didn't
tell you I did it but is it an obvious I
did it you were supposed to be smart
enough to figure out I did it and cover
up for me that's why I hired you
it's amazing okay so the next part of
the story has to do with sessions
reaction to getting insulted in front of
all those people by Trump I heard the
worst of the worst insult though was
that Trump's I called him granny from
Beverly Hillbillies and that really hurt
his foot the the title sad baby on this
right and I'm going in the opposite
direction I think I'm suddenly he does
look like a baby and so way yeah like
baby boss or something baby attorney
gentlemen
anyway all right so according to the New
York Times here is how Jeff Sessions
reacted to getting insulted ashen and
emotional mr. sessions tortured ash
an emotional sad baby snowflake action
and emotional mr. sessions told the
president he would quit and sent a
resignation letter to the White House
and that's according to four people who
were told details of the meeting mr.
sessions would later tell associates
that the demeaning way the president
addressed him was the most humiliating
experience in his decades of public life
Trump ended up rejecting sessions may
resignation letter after senior members
of his administration argued that
dismissing the Attorney General would
only create more problems for a
president who had already fired FBI
director and a national security adviser
okay and by the way just to clarify who
was present while sessions was getting
talked down to by Trump pence Steve
Bannon the president's chief strategist
at the time and Reince Priebus the chief
of staff all advised that accepting mr.
sessions resignation would only so more
chaos inside the administration and
rally Republicans in Congress against
the president so these are all
individuals who were either present
while this was happening or were part
were briefed on it and were part of the
reason why Trump decided to not accept
the resignation that further buttresses
Anna's theory on ban him because that's
banned and bragging I told him not to
fire him but the president's not that
bright and like we had to barely get him
under control before he did more damage
to himself into the to his
administration so look you see us going
back and forth and making fun of both
sessions and Trump when they're on a
kind of opposing sides in that
particular case so if you're wondering
whose side we're on neither I love this
fight it's it's it's two guys who are
totally wrong on many different things
and basically doing each other damage
great
keep it up Donald Trump that's the kind
of incompetence I could live with and
then finally I'm amused by sessions'
reaction now you might say hey come on
man being operated by the president in
front of everybody like that it's so
demeaning and I get that it's
humiliating
I think still don't get it he's an idiot
child so
if a child yells at me I'm not like oh
my god a seven-year-old humilated me I'm
like it's a seven-year-old what you're
gonna do oh don't worry I'll get your
milk and cookies right and then you'll
feel better I which doesn't hurt you
should I know it hurts don't worry we'll
get a boo-boo sticker on it I wouldn't
be a ssin or emotional if Trump yells at
me I'd laugh at his face but think about
the fact that someone like Jeff Sessions
is willing to go through the humiliation
of being Trump's Attorney General just
to latch on to that power is that and
that's another great point
I would laugh at Trump they wouldn't
because they're the guys who accepted
Trump's offer yeah they are the ones
Craven enough to seek that kind of power
no matter how humiliating it is so the
guy who takes that job is the guy who
gets simulated by Trump and then goes
back to his own oh you're both
wonderfully pathetic help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
