Sean Hannity is of course defending
Donald Trump's plan to cut taxes however
he's a little concerned when Donald
Trump makes statements indicating that
he will not cut taxes for the wealthy
only for those in the middle class in
the working class and so in the next
segment he makes the case for why it's
important to cut taxes for the richest
Americans take a look he just he can't
get trapped into this this old thinking
mentality you know Reagan slashed the
top marginal rate in the course of his
presidency from 70 to 28% revenues to
the government doubled 20 million new
jobs were created and that was after the
82 recession here I mean it needed some
time to get this thriving and it worked
you know it's it's simple economics cuz
those multinationals those corporations
quote rich people oh what they're gonna
do is they're gonna end up spending
money and buying boats in this hellhole
Altos said yesterday bought a helicopter
after the Reagan tax cuts but that keeps
people working what wait so Geraldo
buying a helicopter keeps people working
okay what okay so mr. preposterous
argument to any rational person but it
really does work with the right way yes
they go oh yeah oh all the but all the
yacht makers all of the yacht makers are
in business the helicopter makers up
there making money hand over fist and
employee people that isn't minuscule
minuscule percentage of the economy so
if rich people would get money and it's
not to say that look we got to find a
rational place where taxes should be
it's not just to say okay there's no end
to it just tax rich the rich 2 to
infinity but we've got to find the right
balance so how do we do that so if you
say ok I'm gonna give more tax cuts the
rich as Sean Hannity's arguing for there
because they will spend a tiny
percentage of that on yachts and
helicopters but where do they put most
of the money they save it which is
nothing wrong with that that's a
rational thing to do right but that does
not go back into the economy whereas if
you get whether it's tax cut subsidies
etc to the middle class which they don't
do almost all the tax cuts that that
Trump is proposed is going to the rich
okay and Amana and more importantly to
multinational corporations they're not
giving you're getting a payroll tax cut
no you're not
payroll tax is regressive it's for the
middle class all they've done is
increase the payroll tax not cut it
because they want to shift the taxes
onto you so if you gave it in terms of
whether it's the government doing it or
you increase minimum wage and that winds
up allowing people who are working hard
to make more money if you're poor or
middle-class the extra money you get you
have to spend almost all of it so I
would love for you to be able to say but
you a lot of those folks are not in a
position to save so they spend it on
food books shelter clothing etc and what
does that do that goes back into the
economy and it recirculates and it
actually creates a stronger and stronger
economy and the counter-argument that
will build enough yachts for the rich to
improve the economy is laughable and
preposterous no economists in that right
mind would ever think that if they
weren't paid to think that if there
weren't think tanks funded by
billionaires to come up with the reports
and say oh yeah yachts the yacht
industry is gigantic of course that will
create all the jobs we need so this is
saying yeah go ahead this is the this is
the same kind of logic of so if if I'm
in a car that goes off a cliff right
before it hits the ground I'll just jump
up it's the same kind of that doesn't
make any sense it doesn't work but it
sounds like it makes sense when you
first hear about it if you don't think
about it so what sean hannity is
basically giving us is the rationale for
trickle-down economics and what
trickle-down economics is you should
give all this money to the richest guy
in the country and then he's gonna spend
so much of it he'll employ all of us but
that's not how it works first of all as
Johnny points out it's like oh sir
please can I have a trickle can I have a
trickle of your well thank you sir so
that's what it lets the rest of us turns
us into people who are begging for rich
people to spend their money but they
don't spend their money because if you
go watch that Band TED talk from that
millionaire he tells you that they can't
buy all the stuff to that jump starts
the economy they all can only buy so
many cars so many pairs of jeans so many
houses right they take a lot of that
money as Jen said and they put it in
or they put it offshore and they put it
in tax havens so it never goes back into
the economy
if trickle-down economics works the
middle class in America would be the
richest people in the world right now
because all the gains of the economies
the recovery from this economy in 2008
went to the upper 1% and guess what we
have the biggest income equality since
before the Gilded Age so if trickle-down
economics actually worked we'd all be
doing great the fact that if we are all
half the country is poorer low income
50% of all wage earners on less than
$30,000 a year shows you that
trickle-down economics is just a fantasy
thought up by guys like Sean Hannity and
pricks and think tanks and it doesn't
really work at all and they got their
wish they got george w bush he did
trickle-down economics he did massive
tax cuts and what happened they crashed
the economy and right before he left it
costs us 8 million jobs didn't create
jobs it destroyed jobs if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
