among the very few Republicans in this
country who actually accept that climate
change is happening and that human
beings are making it worse they tell us
that we still can't act on it because
it's just gonna cost too darn much money
there's nothing we can do about it
because that's a big cost and we don't
want corporations to have to pay it we
don't want taxpayers to have to foot the
bill to keep this country safe from
rising sea levels and monster storms
that are coming at an alarming rate no
well guess what Republicans a new study
has come out and it said that the cost
of Donald Trump's climate change denial
his refusal to do anything about the
problem is going to end up costing us
about 100 trillion dollars and that
total 100 trillion dollars is gonna come
from several different areas the first
and most obvious is from direct damage
caused by climate related events such as
hurricanes Harvey and Irma hurricane
Jose still kicking around out there in
the Atlantic Ocean and we have no idea
what that one's gonna do where it's
gonna go or if it's even gonna make
landfall but things like that cost money
the wildfires in the West right now
those are going to cost federal dollars
we have to fix it we have to negate it
we have to prevent it and we have to
stop it more importantly so that's where
a large chunk of the money is gonna come
from but the second part mentioned in a
new Daily Beast article is something
that very few people have discussed and
that is the carbon bubble in case you're
not familiar with it basically what that
is what a bubble is is when the price of
a good grossly exceeds its actual market
value which is what's happening right
now around the globe with fossil fuels
eventually that bubble bursts doesn't
seem like such a big deal the price goes
down right well when you consider the
fact that one third of global assets are
invested in fossil fuel companies fossil
fuel stocks that bubble amounts to
worldwide economic devastation
with close to one-third of the entire
wealth of the planet completely wiped
out overnight a lot of billionaires
suddenly become broke millionaires lose
everything
fossil fuel companies shut their doors
and while yeah for the most part that
doesn't matter to most of us we need
fossil fuel companies shut down I have
no sympathy for millionaires and
billionaires who've been coddled by our
government for too long it will have
obvious ripple effects throughout the
global economy sending countless people
of hundreds of millions most likely into
a deep depression
the reason this is even happening is
again goes back to Donald Trump's
climate change denial and his refusal to
allow the federal government to fully
invest in fossa
excuse me renewable energy and away from
fossil fuels Trump has made it clear
that he wants to double down on fossil
fuels here in the United States he wants
to revamp the coal industry and open up
new coal mines even though nobody around
the planets buying coal anymore
the renewable energy sector here in the
United States is growing faster than any
other energy sector in the world and yet
Trump doesn't want to invest in it
Republicans don't want to invest in it
they think it's a waste of time effort
and money well you know what's gonna be
a waste of money when you cost us 100
trillion dollars because you refuse to
take the advice of scientists and
experts basically because you refuse to
listen to people who are smarter than
you because you're so damn arrogant and
smug that you can't stand the thought
that somebody out there knows more than
you do
