according to a new report by The Wall
Street Journal Donald Trump's lawyers
back in June wanted him to get rid of
Jared Kushner from the Trump
administration or at least ask Jared
Kushner to step down because those
lawyers were concerned about Kushner's
very cozy relationship with people from
Russia
perhaps members of Russian
administration and they didn't want any
of that to somehow affect Donald Trump
or end up roping him into the bob muller
investigation that's currently going on
Trump decided not to do that he didn't
listen to his lawyers he didn't listen
to the public to Congress all of the
people in this country telling him to
revoke Jared Kushner security clearance
which for the record he still has even
though we're finding out more and more
that oak Kushner met with another
Russian Kushner met with people he
shouldn't have Kushner was trying to
work deals while still a member of the
Trump administration that could be seen
as definite conflicts of interest Jared
Kushner is a huge liability for the
Trump administration but in true Donald
Trump fashion he didn't want to listen
to people who were smarter than him he
didn't want to listen to the American
public even those that don't like him
warning him of how dangerous Jared
Kushner would be for his administration
and that's why he's in the predicament
that he's in today maybe he did it
because he didn't want to upset his
daughter however we've seen him do
plenty of things that allegedly go
against what Ivanka believes so there's
no reason to think that he would keep
Kushner on board just because he doesn't
want to make his daughter upset
furthermore if Ivanka thought that
Kushner was hurting her father's
presidency she should be the first one
to ask her husband to hey maybe you
should resign before you take down the
whole damn family Kushner's role in the
Trump administration while pretty much
unclear to the public it's clear to the
Trump administration to the Trump family
why Kushner is still in that White House
they think he's good for business they
don't care about the investigations they
don't
here that he could take down the whole
administration all they know is that
he's out there trying to work on some
business deals that eventually is going
to make this family a lot of money and
if it comes at the expense of Big Daddy
Don going to prison the children don't
care everyone in that family including
Kushner who married into it is out for
themselves I mean that's one of the
biggest problems we have right now with
these people is that none of them even
though they're all family even seem to
care about one another all they want to
see is how much money they can get out
of it how much access they can get out
of it and how many connections they can
make from being a part of that Trump
family this is disgusting behavior it's
something we might expect maybe from a
trailer part here in the United States
not from the family that occupies the
White House certainly not to the likes
of anything we've seen in modern
American politics but that's what Donald
Trump and Jared Kushner and Ivanka and
Don Jr and Eric and all of them are
they're selfish jackasses who took these
positions currently have the positions
that they have even outside of the Trump
administration because they wanted to
see how much more money they could make
it doesn't matter if it comes at the
expense of Trump's presidency or Jared
Kushner's freedom because that kid could
very much likely end up in prison all
that matters is that they get theirs to
hell with everybody else
