notorious pharma bro Martin shkreli is
now in jail now he was out on bond and
he was supposed to wait until his
sentencing for securities fraud
however because of something that he
posted on social media the judge decided
no no more no more bail for you you're
going back to jail
so this is a pretty incredible story he
put out a post on Facebook that said the
following the Clinton Foundation is
willing to kill to protect its secrets
so the HRC's booked or so on the HRC's
booked or tried to grab a hair from her
I must confirm the sequences I have will
pay five thousand dollars per hair
obtained from Hillary Clinton payment
after the sequence matches
good luck patrollers okay so you can't
put that out there obviously you can't
offer a reward to someone to put their
hands on someone else or to assault
someone else and luckily the judge in
this case realized that it's US District
Judge Keo Matsumoto and Matsumoto ruled
that shkreli's September 4th post showed
he posed a danger to the public
she rejected arguments by his lawyer
Benjamin Bronfman that the post was
protected free speech in fact she said
this is a solicitation of assault in
exchange for money
that is not protected by the First
Amendment no but I bet you that a lot of
right-wingers and maybe even the
majority of right-wingers don't
understand that simple concept you can't
put your hands on someone you can't put
your hands on someone you can't offer a
reward to someone who puts their hands
on someone else without consent like if
you don't understand that you're just a
dumb person no no that's right they but
they think what do you mean I'm just
talking no but the the all the immense
amendments are not unlimited the Second
Amendment is not unlimited I know you
think it is but you actually can't buy a
tank and drive it through your local
town and you know it and fire it and
it's you know you don't have an
unlimited right to speech either freedom
of speech is incredibly important it is
the cornerstone of our democracy
but you can't libel people you can't
slander them you can't you know the old
example you can't yell fire in a crowded
theater and you can't say hey I'll give
you a hundred bucks to go murder that
guy that's not happy job just talking
I'm just know that is a solicitation for
murder so and that is deeply illegal so
is solicitation for a song I have to
explain this to people because I the
right-wingers are really not that bright
and they so they get seduced by really
simplistic arguments like what those are
words words must be always awesome if
the right winger says if a left winger
says they should be fired from ESPN but
if the right wing says it it's great and
protected under all conditions that's
not true you can't pay people to assault
others exactly so as a result he will be
in custody until his sentencing now for
the charges that he was convicted of
which again was defrauding investors
he is facing up to 20 years in prison
it's unlikely that he'll be sentenced to
20 years in prison but as of now he is
behind bars and in January is when the
judge will hand down the sentencing I'm
guessing his latest you know debacle is
not going to help with the sentencing
let's just keep it real ya know this guy
I know he loves the attention and he
keeps trying to grab the spotlight and
he thinks it's clever but dude you
you're in prison now it's not that
clever to be in prison so and he keeps
changing his story about whether he's
rich or not reminds me of someone I know
is now unfortunately in the White House
who also might be in prison one day
anyway he says he's fabulously wealthy
and doesn't need anybody's money that
he's desperately trying to sell a
wu-tang clan album that his lawyer says
is worthless because he says oh my God
my poor client he has no money poor
Martin shkreli and fairly comes on
because oh yeah this thing's worth a
million bucks and I'm worth 70 million
bucks and and
so he again since he's a stupid stupid
right winger he thinks there are no
rules and there are no laws and and to
be fair them they've been enabled by
Trump who said Sheriff Joe did not
listen to
a federal judge who said you must follow
the law and Joe Arpaio said I'm not
gonna follow the law and then Trump
pardoned him right because they don't
believe in the rule of law
that's so Shirley says so what is
Hillary Clinton can't we do anything we
want to her I made up on this same
conspiracy theory about how they kill
people or whatever so just grab her hair
are you insane of course you belong in
prison qit membership gets you
commercial free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm / join
