earlier this week we covered a story
regarding Congress passing a bill that
urged Donald Trump to condemn white
supremacists in the country now
interestingly enough today Donald Trump
decided to double down on statements
that he made equating and Tifa or
counter protesters during the
Charlottesville rally to those white
supremacist that he's been asked to
condemn so he was speaking to senator
Tim Scott of South Carolina he is the
only black Republican senator and he
does not agree with Donald Trump
equating the two sides and so he wanted
to kind of confront him about it and
unfortunately again Donald Trump decided
to double down on his previous
statements so let me tell you what those
statements were he said especially in
light of the advent of antiva he used
the word Advent I'm proud of him why
else use the word and so he said
especially in light of the advent event
Tifa if you look at what's going on
there you know you have some pretty bad
dudes on the other side also he
continued to say now because of what's
happened since then with an Tifa you
look at really what's happened since
Charlottesville a lot of people are
saying in fact a lot of people have
actually written gee Trump might have a
point I said you've got some very bad
people on the other side which is true
okay no a lot of people haven't said
that Breitbart and other white
nationalists have said that and since
you're a white nationalist you read the
other white nationalist crap and
shockingly enough they agree with you
that white supremacy is awesome so he's
like you know that other people don't
like antiva either my you know my
right-wing friends look and what'd you
think of antiva is a different issue as
Tim Scott the Republican from South
Carolina also pointed out he's like no
in that in the case of Charlottesville
what happened was enormous ly clear
there were guys chanting Nazi chants
like blood and soil and the Jews will
not replace us they did the equivalent
of a Klan rally with torches just like
the Klan used to do in the south and
then they ran over a counter protester
and murdered her so at least sir at
least the guy who charged who was
charged did and he was an avowed
neo-nazi so that one is not both sides
do it and not remotely it is really a
simple a case as it you could possibly
have
if you can't condemn people chanting
nazi chance with clan torches murdering
people in america and you have to say
well now no equally guilty both sides do
it there's something
well we think wrong with you but you and
your friends who you read think no
there's nothing wrong at all yeah we're
white nationalist so we do this and then
we don't like the other guys who are
anti-fascist yeah it's amazing he'll
continue doubling down it is what it is
he's not gonna change his mind about
that and for anyone else who likes to
equate the two I mean you're calling an
Tifa which by the way in some cases
doesn't behave the way that it should
like I'm keeping it real I thinks in
some cases Antipa does this deserve
criticism when things do get physical or
violent I don't care what the group is
they deserve criticism don't get violent
you are being counterproductive however
again to equate those two sides is so
incredibly ridiculous when one side
murdered someone and the other side did
not and by the way look I think that
violence in the name of anti-fascism
isn't not a great idea and I know they
think they that it is they're like well
they're fascist we have to fight them
fire with fire know that that's hatred
only breeds more hatred anyway we can
get into quoting different sides here
but fascists and anti-fascist are not
equal one side is in favor of fascism
the other side is opposed to fascism but
for guys like Trump that actually is
50/50 they're like crashes I'm not
fascism I don't know like and that's an
open question for him that's why he
keeps saying the other reason he says it
is because he can't help himself he's a
really dumb guy and he doesn't know that
this causes political damage and so does
it cause political damage
yes Democrats just won a state race in
Oklahoma by 20 points they had lost that
same race just a little while ago by 20
points it's a 40 point swing in the
middle of
Homa it causes damage but he thinks my I
don't know what you're talking about all
the white nationalists around me totally
agree anti-fascist are terrible and so
both sides do it but he's and he can't
help himself he doubles down he keeps on
digging because he's not smart enough to
know to not dig and yesterday we did the
story of you know the ESPN host Jamil
who made some statements on Twitter
about how Trump is a white supremacist
Sarah Huckabee Sanders responded back
saying that it was outrageous and it was
a fireable offense but what do you think
he is like if you can't tell the truth
about the president then what can you do
and also isn't that the type of freedom
of speech that you guys are saying you
want to protect right aren't you saying
that we shouldn't fire people simply
because you disagree with them
oh that only applies to people who spew
conservative hate if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live to our show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
