Chuck dad's gonna pull a classic
establishment media both sides do it but
it's not just that I have a more
important point to make about it but
first let's watch Chuck that is the
bigger story brewing here on both sides
cue the both cider isms we know you love
to do that on Twitter if our leaders
learned anything else in the last few
weeks it's that there's a major battle
in 2018 that could purge each party of
it's more moderate governing wing or at
least what's left of that moderate
governing wing right now you're seeing
signs of a purge on the right you are
attacking on many fronts people who you
need to help you to get things done
they're not gonna help you unless
they're put on notice they're going to
be held accountable if they do not
support the president a stage you go
into war with absolutely it isn't just
on the right there are forces on the
Democratic side attacking the moderate
and governing wings of their own party
as well
the current model and the current
strategy of the Democratic Party is an
absolute failure the Democratic party
bus finally understands which side it is
on by now Sanders is driving a big wedge
between the progressive left and the
moderate left with his Medicare for all
health care bill I know what some of you
are thinking fake news Republicans are
united or fake news Democrats are united
but folks you can't see that this is a
problem is it impacting both sides if
you don't see it then you're probably
part of that said problem hmm okay
that's him telling it like it is all
right so let's break this down do we
think the Democrats or Republicans are
united no I I think some people die evil
II believe that but no that's not the
issue at all Chuck okay so the question
is twofold one is you framed it as well
that's the moderate governing wings of
the parties so what do the so-called
moderates agree to well they agreed to
tax cuts for the rich they do it all
time they did it under bush in fact
Obama made 94 percent of Bush's tax cuts
permanent yes he raised taxes on the
rich by a tiny bit but overall he did
what
bush could not do he actually took
because bush Bush's sunshine day ran out
after 10 years Obama made him permanent
for 94% of the revenue that came from
the Bush tax cuts they're about to do
so-called tax reform where some
Democrats that you would say are the
moderate governing wing of the party are
going to agree with the Republicans to
give giant tax cuts for the rich both
sides have consistently voted for more
war including the Iraq war yes the
moderate governing wing of the
Democratic Party like Hillary Clinton
etc agreed with the Republicans on the
Iraq war and I can go on and on now is
that truly moderate no that is a
position you claim as moderate on
television and Washington in New York
because you are part of the
establishment and the establishment is
massively right-wing oh okay oh my god
you're being divisive by not agreeing to
all my positions I assume are correct
how dare you fight us on this when you
should be part of the moderate moderate
wing okay well Chuck it's not a matter
of me and you disagreeing and we do
trust me okay it's a matter of what is
the actual position of the American
people I know what you guys on TV love
to do to my guts the American people say
this my gut says this no no no no what
do the polls say you never talk about it
because it's incredibly inconvenient for
you he just put Steve banner this is the
second part of the problem you just put
Steve Bannon in the same category as
Bernie Sanders are you insane Bernie
Sanders spin your polls is the most
popular politician in the country and
you just put put them in the same basket
as a total right-wing fringe lunatic
who's in favor of white nationalism and
but somehow that makes sense to you
because you don't want to see that poll
you don't want Bernie Sanders to be the
most popular politician in the country
so I don't see it I don't see it all
like Shillong in the primaries he did
better in in general election polling
against every Republican in every poll I
don't see it I don't see it he's he's
not moderate governing wing he's not
moderate governor he's a radical he's a
radical but wait people like him they
will vote for him there's a poll out of
like
they where he would have done 12 points
but on the hill occurred no no I don't
see it no okay so I know you're never
gonna see it with Bernie Sanders because
you don't like him because he's not for
the establishment he's gonna rock the
boat and Chuck it's your boat come on
you know it
you work for a giant multi-billion
dollar corporation you think they want
the boat rock okay looking this eager
about that all day long but there are
facts so let's go to the polls on what
the American people actually believe so
the right wing says we should cut Social
Security I mean reform entitlements and
oftentimes people like Bill Clinton will
agree and a lot of Democrats will say
well I'm a third way which you would
consider the moderate governing wing of
the Democratic Party will say ah man we
got it you got a reform it says
Americans won't reform entitlement
reform no they don't they want the exact
opposite not only do they want to
protect Social Security when asked do
you want to expand Social Security it
only came out 72 to 16 72 to 16 they
they don't want to just protect Social
Security they want to expand Social
Security so Chuck tell me again where
the moderates are in the country now the
moderates of the country love Social
Security and want to add to it
okay how about raising taxes on the rich
I'm told every day oh my god
don't do that it'll be raising taxes
that's terrible oh wait 52 percent of
the country actually support literally
raising taxes on the rich this extreme
wing extreme so 52 percent of the
countries extreme weather these facts
are inconvenient to you or not they are
real and I know you don't want to hear
that because you like to pretend that
moderates think that that cutting taxes
for the rich cutting taxes you do that
poll on cutting taxes it's gonna come
out way worse cutting tax on the rich is
a disastrous idea for true moderates in
the country I'm not anywhere near done
so let's hurry let's go to increasing
military spending which i Washington
tells me is awesome by cutting state and
EPA funding forty-one percent support
fifty-eight percent oppose increasing
military spending they would rather
spend the money on diplomacy and
protecting the environment not what
you hear on TV at all what TV and Chuck
Todd would call extreme like Bernie
Sanders that is Bernie Sanders position
again overwhelming majority of Americans
agree raising the minimum wage you know
that it's thought $7.25 the moderate
governing wing of both parties have
decided that he should be that brutally
low America's wildly disagree
66% wanted at $10.10 59% say go all the
way to $12 keep it going
and then even 48 to 38 say that it
should go all the way to $15 so the
moderates in America want to raise the
minimum wage massively nearly double it
okay in fact more than double it but you
never hear that on TV because you guys
on TV are not moderates you are
effectively whether you know it or you
don't complete right-wingers you take
right-wing ideology you parrot it as if
it is moderate and then you put you know
extreme characters in the same boat as
the guy who's the single most popular
politician in Washington in the country
all right more Medicare for all I hear
that I think you just put in your that
particular clip that Medicare for all is
so extreme it's like Steve Bannon I
guess 60% of the country is as
extremists Steve Bannon because 60%
support Medicare for all and if you've
noticed these are polls from all
different organizations Gallup CNN pew
and in that case the Pew Research Center
and you could find polls like that all
day long
60% of the country I believe would be
called moderates the center of the
country wants Medicare for all but you
pretend it's the extreme because you
think it's extreme every one of your
friends in the elite think it's extreme
because they're paid to think it's
extreme okay immigration reform are you
ready for this this is another CNN poll
90 percent of Americans want immigration
reform only 9 percent of posts oh but
the moderate governing wing
yada-yada-yada how about gay marriage I
hear that's a 50-50 issue on TV we have
to be respectful we have to be
respectful to
right-wingers who think it's intolerant
to not tolerate their intolerance okay
what uh what do actually human beings at
America thing 64 percent support only 34
percent opposed
so the moderate position in America is
absolutely 100 percent same rights for
gay marriage one last one because all
the TV people love to laugh about this
or even really consider that of course I
guess it's from some molecular the
moderate governing wing thinks that
marijuana should be a Schedule one drug
so dangerous that you shouldn't even do
medical research on it in reality
sixty-one percent of Americans support
legalizing marijuana and only 33 percent
oppose Chuck I have very very bad news
for you we are this Center the guys that
you think are oh my god
extreme progressives if if we did not
have money in politics and which by the
way then gets spent on TV and then look
at that the guys on TV agree with the
donors that we shouldn't get any of the
policies that we want we shouldn't have
taxes raised on the rich we should have
more war we should cut instead of expand
Social Security and the list goes on and
on if we if you guys weren't in the way
and you actually cared about democracy
we had a real democracy without the
corrupting influence of money we would
steamroll you guys and by the way even
with all of your corruption were about
this theme roll you guys because not
because we're radicals or were fridge
but because we're the moderates
we represent America you don't you
represent the elite okay now finally I
want to ask you guys because maybe I'm
wrong so I hear that that the media is
liberal so let's do a poll TYT Network
comm slush Chuck Chuck Todd is a part of
the liberal media you know in Washington
people would say that I bet that wins it
a landslide in Washington in New York
among the elite be a winning tool of the
establishment see an unwitting tool of
the establishment D a Republican II
correct maybe you think he's right maybe
you think yeah that's right you you
radicals you want to but 60% of
Americans what radical Chuck nailed it
can't wait to see how that votes gonna
turn out and by the way I don't know I
have I know what I want to vote for and
what I will vote for I'm curious what
you guys are gonna vote for if you like
this video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
