we had special elections a a couple of
days ago and they came out with really
interesting results now look these are
the state level this is not giant
elections and so yes it's a little
different it's probably not a lot of
money spent on them and and voter
turnout is not as high so you can't say
that this trend is a hundred percent and
no play out in the House the Senate or
eventually in the presidency but it is a
trend now at the national level money in
politics is still reign supreme so there
were special elections and yes they were
in heavily Republican districts but and
the Republicans I'm sorry the Democrats
did do better than they normally would
in those districts but they lost those
u.s. congressional seats the Republicans
anyway but at the local level where
there isn't as much money and there is
where the energy of the base is more
important we have wildly different
results so I want to let you know about
them so the hill reports Democrat
Charlie st. Claire was victorious in New
Hampshire's district nine house election
beating Republican Steve Whaley 56 to 44
percent according to unofficial clout
accounts st. Claire will replace
Republican Robert Fischer in that
district now I'm gonna get you numbers
from that district in a second but
that's a serious whooping 56 to 44 and
that was the district that was
previously Republican and significantly
so so New Hampshire is a purple state
but that district within New Hampshire
was deeply red now gone it's now a
democratic district so now we go to if
you think New Hampshire at purple now
we're going to Oklahoma a Democratic
schoolteacher Jacob Rosencrantz garnered
60% of the vote in a race for Oklahoma's
House District 46 defeating Republican
Darrin chambers who had 40% according to
unofficial counts Jesus a democratic
teacher not involved in politics just
won in Oklahoma
60 to 40 percent that's those are
amazing numbers but let me give you more
context which makes them even more
amazing rosecrans who lost the last
election by the
same margin is the first Democrat to win
the district since 2012 that means just
a little while ago he lost by 20 points
and now this week he wins by 20 points
I'll do the math for you that's a 40
point swing in Oklahoma I will get to
lessons learned in a second Republicans
held nearly 3,000 voter registration
advantage in that district in Oklahoma
to overcome that is amazing rosecrans
was the third Democrat to win a
previously Republican held seat in
Oklahoma this year so it is not a fluke
I mean Oklahoma turning blue literally
previously unimaginable okay now to give
you more context on these two particular
races president Trump won both districts
in Oklahoma and New Hampshire in 2016 by
double-digit margins in fact in the new
hampshire district trump had won by 17
points now the democrat won by 12 points
once again this is not complicated math
so I'll do it for you that is a 29 point
swing Wow okay so now final piece of
context for you guys st. Claire was the
second Democrat to snag a Republican
health seat in New Hampshire Democrats
also won a Republican health seat in New
York Assembly in a Long Island district
that had not elected a Democrat since
the 1960's wolfpack ran a race in
Connecticut and in that case it it
happened to be a Democrat running in a
very Republican district to district
that had vote a Republican for about a
hundred years straight and the
Democratic candidate did not win there
because it was over a thirty point
margin they had to overcome but we
closed the lead by 26 points that was a
26 point swing in in the most republican
district in Connecticut so this is
happening all over the country
thirty-two special legislative elections
have been held since January in
districts where a Democrat has faced a
Republican in 25 of the 31 districts
where comparisons are available
Democratic candidate ran ahead of
Clinton by an average of 12 percentage
points so what are the lessons learned
here okay number one energize your base
if you give them a reason to vote they
will come out and vote in this case they
happen to be mad at Trump and but that
leads to lesson number two
don't run establishment candidates when
you ran Hillary Clinton who was an
establishment candidate it needlessly
gave the Republicans an advantage you
take Hillary Clinton out of the equation
boom numbers shoot up by 12 points not
complicated lessons oh my god if if you
let true strong progressives run and
uncorrupted campaigns oh you could mold
down the Republicans in in 2018 let
alone 2020 by almost at a 14 slip with
the Democrats there but for a good
reason
you got a sometimes get rid of the
establishment Democrats first so you
could actually beat the Republicans to
give you a sense of scope of how big
those victories could be if Democratic
candidates running for Congress next
year run 12 points ahead of Clinton they
would reach 50 percent of the vote in
309 US House districts including deeply
red districts held by members like
representative Joe Wilson of South
Carolina Randy Weber of Texas and Tim
Murphy of Pennsylvania there's only 435
seats in the house the Democrats would
win 309 of them oh please establishment
Democrats get out the way get out the
way let us run teachers and nurses and
people who don't take corporate PAC
money
let us run the uncorrupted let us
energize the base and give people a
reason to vote give people a reason to
show up and we're gonna clean their
clock but you gotta let us have Adam you
gotta let us run against the Republicans
just as Democrats calm slash win cuz it
isn't about like the TV guys will tell
you oh you're trying to divide the party
no I'm trying to make sure we win that's
why it's just
Democrats calm / win justice Democrats
are progressives uncorrupted not taking
any corporate PAC money real Americans
almost no one who's run for office
before I know the guys on TV snicker oh
oh my god you guys haven't run for
office before you're not part of our
elite friends that's goddamn way we're
not let us Adam Justice Democrats icon
slash win if we got our candidates in
there this thing could be a tsunami if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
