so last night Schumer and Pelosi go and
talk to Donald Trump they get a deal
that they're gonna let the dreamer stay
in the country and it's not gonna be
tied to the wall and you know if Schumer
implosive he drank much about it they
just put out the statement today great
we have a deal and and and trumped in
denied he agreed with it until of course
he got what I'm about to show you which
is fury and fire and fury as he would
put it from the right wing
and then there was Schumer was caught on
a hot mic so this is not him bragging
cuz he doesn't know that he's on the mic
and he was in the Senate and here's what
he said likes he likes us he lets me
anyway look what we sent this
and here's what I told myself as the
president you're much better off if you
sometimes that works sometimes step left
if you have to step just in one
direction your cocks
and I don't know about the Democrats
being more productive that way but
anyway it was a good deal for Schumer
applause I want to give him credit for
that and you know that's him just hon
over colleague that doesn't realize the
mics I'm saying yeah he kind of likes me
which of course makes the right-wing
even more so that brings us to an
Coulter she tweets at this point who
doesn't want Trump impeached she's gonna
have a lot more later then we go to a
Joe Walsh former Congress Republican
congressman current lunatic he says to
Sean Hannity no because Sean and he was
kind of defending him if true blamed
Trump GOP sucks but if Trump caves on
amnesty and the wall that's on him quit
coddling him again if true he says then
we go to Steve King he's just getting
warmed up he says if a piece correct
Associated Press Trump bases blown up
destroyed irreparable and disillusion
beyond repair no promises credible then
we go to Lou Dobbs who Lou Dobbs
he loves the president so much so I
could feel his heart breaking in this
tweet Schumer is an ideologue devoid of
integrity the dreamers are DIMMs problem
you promised to make American dreams
come true
hashtag America first so not angry as
much as he is sad and then of course
Breitbart with amnesty Don report Trump
caves on Dhaka Oh ed to Bannon so I
suppose that's not super surprising but
wait wait wait we're just getting warmed
up let's go back to Steve King now this
Steve King is the most virulent ly
anti-immigrant anti-latino racist in
Congress and he's the guy who came up
with the insane theory that Mexican
people have quote-unquote
cantaloupe calves because they drag so
much marijuana around in the desert
ok so let's hear from this genius
congressman what does this mean for the
Republican Party if the president
protects the dreamers or has a deal with
Pelosi and Schumer to protect the
dreamers and the wall that he promised
really is refurbishing
old fences well what it what it means is
that the base believe in they they won't
be able to defend him anymore
if we don't build a wall all the way
true then the rest of it is subject to
prosecutorial discretion his as was
under brocco bombers or the next
president so I think something's going
to have to be a reverse here with this
president's policy or it'll just blow up
his face I mean this was a straight-up
promise all the way through his campaign
I don't think it's unclear to anybody
what those campaign promises were but it
looks to me like he's preparing to keep
Hillary Clinton's campaign promise
rather than his own damn whoa that's
fighting words but he's not even done
let's keep going he also said that he
and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell agree
on dreamers and 92% agree on that I
think that's his favorite number
I remember him using that number also
when now we were discussing the health
care if you want a totally different
things so no I don't think 92 percent
agree on this at all I'd say about 80%
of his base agree with me that we cannot
reward lawbreakers if we do that then we
get more lawbreakers damn he just called
him a liar he's like I think he made
that ninety-two percent number up I
thought I saw that in another story that
he made up yeah that's right he makes up
numbers all the time but now that he
disagrees with me on issues like did you
know the president's lying did you know
that he breaks promises oh you figured
that out did you Sherlock okay and he
can't leave the topic without pouring a
little salt and wounds it's like now
remember how much I hate immigrants what
way to protest day before yesterday
hearing the Capital dreamers coming out
demanding that we give them an this
amnesty well what do lawbreakers have
what right do they have to make demands
of the duly elected officials from the
citizens of the United States of America
they should if anything they ought to be
at least pleading for it not demanding
that's these lowly people they're gonna
demand things of us you know these
lawbreakers some of them came when they
were babies some came when they were two
or I mean even if you're 13 you really
like hey mom dad I got a great idea
let's go over to America and go through
this deadly track in the desert it's a
no they
was not their decision to make but he's
like well if you want to stay you should
be begging me Oh f off Steve King you
piece of crap
and this is the same guy who talked
about protecting our like that White's
had to have more babies to protect the
culture he's not not only not a
sophisticated thing that's a hilarious
thing to say in the light of Steve King
but he doesn't hide his racism very well
it's like big barely concealed it
oftentimes just simply not concealed
anyway other racist who are also
spurious at trump about this we go back
to Ann Coulter now who in the past is
warned about the Browning of America she
said put a fork in Trump he's dead damn
she also said if we're not getting a
wall I'd prefer President Pence shots
fired
I just like to remind folks what the
title of Ann Coulter's last book was in
Trump We Trust oops
how did trusting Trump work out for you
we told you all right marker Corinne is
some sort of anti-immigrant zealots that
Trump used his think tank that's
hilarious
anyway his one thought sank tank during
the campaign now he's also disillusioned
he said I picked the wrong week to stop
sniffing glue I'll at least give him
that that was funny even said Schumer's
a used-car salesman
Trump is the sucker who walks in and
says I've got to have that car I love
these guys when Trump disagrees with
them finally recognizing I wonder if
Trump's not that bright Oh God that's
what we've been telling you okay and one
more from court no two more from
Kerkorian last one's gonna be terrible
all right here we go still might be a
good still may be good to burn a few
maggots and for the White House just to
emphasize a point oh I love it they're
burning their little red hats
oh man what are you gonna do without
them the only headgear you're gonna have
his little white hoods did I say that
out loud oh my god that's so
unacceptable
okay my favorite though is the last one
for marker Corian Donald but with the
Latino exclamation points oh that is the
worst insult a right-winger can give
somebody he just called about Latino but
by the way don't worry they're not
racist if you like this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
