jameelah Hill was in a lot of trouble
because she said things that were
obvious on I was gonna say on television
but she actually didn't say it on
television said it on Twitter she it
works for ESPN and she had tweeted out
Donald Trump is a white supremacist who
has largely surround himself with other
white supremacists I find this to be so
shockingly normal that it's hardly
believable that it's a controversy
anyway I've got updates for you guys on
this story I'm gonna get to apologies on
top of retractions etc in a second not a
retraction from her though so but to if
you hadn't seen the earlier story two
more tweets for you guys to give you
context she had also written at the time
Trump is the most ignorant a fascist and
president of my lifetime his rise is a
direct result of white supremacy period
what but that's what he did he ran on it
even target all their immigrants I'm
gonna target the Mexicans the Muslims
anyway we'll get to that in a second
like how dare you say things that are so
obviously drew okay and then she also
wrote Donald Trump is a bigot glad you
could live with voting forum I couldn't
because I cared about more than just
myself so the mango crowd goes nuts and
they're like oh my god there are people
disagree those in this country they
should be fired
I'm in freedom of speech wait I'm
confused hmm interesting
you know these liberals get triggered so
quick the snowflakes she said something
about the dawdle oh my god okay hmm you
gotta check your talking points guys cuz
you seem to get a little confused from
time to time
anyways so is tropi racist oh so it's
quick review here he was literally sued
for housing discrimination agreed he had
done it and paid a fine he so he is a
literal adjudicated racist the
government said we think you're a racist
and you're discriminating against black
people he said you're right here's the
fine why are we still having this
conversation say all right well that was
a while back
well how about a Central Park five those
were the guys who at time were accused
of raping this white woman
in New York City in Central Park five
young african-american males Trump to
got a full type H ad which cost him a
lot of money to say that they should be
executed
turns out oops they didn't do it now
they actually spent a long time in jail
we found out later they didn't knew what
we found the DNA of the guy who actually
did do it they're absolutely not guilty
Trump when faced with that information
said who cares they should still be in
jail why I mean but we know they're not
guilty they're black who cares just I
don't care they're guilty of something
okay
now look you some of you might go well I
mean look meeting I don't even know what
your defense is sometimes I try to
explain the different like what people
who are innocent should be put in jail
anyway and Trump did it for what other
reason he's because they're not guilty
so what why does he still want them in
jail anyway birtherism of course that's
the Obama's not from here and looking at
it right now as Bernie Sanders off and
says my dad was from Poland I come
nobody ever asked me for my birth
certificate
mmm I wonder what hey and total ban on
all Muslims is what he promised to the
campaign trail well if you're going to
ban all Muslims and what do we call you
we don't call you a bigot okay I know
the right way there's a rationale you're
supposed to and fear Muslims and you ban
them just like the Jews ban all the Jews
wait that sounds weird actually for some
of them it doesn't even sound weird
that's that's where we've gotten what do
you mean bigoted when I hate these group
of people I've known man I don't hate
them I'm really really afraid of them
all of them I mean a total complete ban
on all Muslims is what he promised you
in the campaign I don't know where you
would get the idea that discriminates
against people how can you possibly call
the white supremacist not melting and
then of course called Mexicans criminals
and rapists gee I wonder if he's a white
supremacist and I didn't even put on the
list that one actual neo-nazis in KKK
marched and then ran someone over and
killed him he said there are very good
people on that side which very good
white supremacist was he referring to so
this is a controversy there's a
controversy this is like we're supposed
to like just you know right-wing oh I
mean you should please be racist but I
don't want to call you out as a racist
oh my god that would offend you
now you offending Mexicans by calling
them criminals and rapists who cares you
offending Muslims by banning them who
cares right you actually taking people's
freedoms away and rights away who cares
but if a if a right-wingers ideas are
offended at ever oh how could you how
could you okay so unsurprisingly Jameel
hill had to do some sort of apology I
don't look I'm not I'm not blaming her I
she's got a nice job she's got to keep
the job ESPN's gonna panic because
they're on TV and advertisers will call
it and go hey you know what some of
those racists also buy products so we've
got to make sure that we're neutral to
racism anyway so she issues this on
Twitter my comments on Twitter expressed
my personal beliefs my regret is that my
comments and the public way I made them
painted ESPN an unfair light my respect
for the company and my colleagues
remains unconditional you know sometimes
will point out is not much of an apology
in this case not much of an apology good
because it doesn't serve any apology at
all and I hear you man I hear you I'm
not getting on you for the apology it's
just she didn't say it on air I don't
care if she said but she is she said it
on Twitter she apologized whatever can
we let this go already
I mean have have you guys need a further
safe space where you could be white
supremacists but no one is allowed to
call your white supremacists
and then you yell at people and say well
do black people are more criminal than
we are or Muslims are more dangerous
than we are what kind of safe space DNA
how big does the safe space need to be
is it all of TV is at all of social
media how about her free speech over
fire okay I mean just let's get real so
ESPN M puts out a statement saying this
let's put this up jimmy'll has a right
to her personal opinions but not to
publicly share them on a platform that
implies that she was in any way speaking
on behalf of ESPN she is acknowledged
that her tweets crossed
line and apologize for doing so we
accept her apology all right luckily is
so brian Stelter got that statement from
ESPN and put that out okay
luckily she's not fired to spend or
anything like that we can all move on
and guess what there's gonna be nobody
boycott of ESPN what are gonna do now
watch sports I don't believe you
so and know what neither does anybody
else okay so I this is a it's a giant
panic over something very very little
and if you guys are wondering you know
where the boundaries are and who speaks
for what like don't
not every ESPN host whether they're a
right winger or a left winger speaks for
the entirety of ESPN I don't know why
that's so complicated does anybody
really think that so and they
right-wingers will say but you know when
our guys some of the right when you're
say racist stuff they're fired that's
true because saying racist stuff is
really really bad that means like you're
saying this percentage of the audience I
don't disagree with them I just think
they're bad people by the very
definition of who they are and so I
that's a different animal like sort of
Curt Schilling or someone else says man
I really think the rich need tax cuts
ain't nobody gettin fired over that or
name it that I think Obamacare is
terrible I think Trump care is wonderful
now not many people who agree with you
but you're not gonna get fired over that
nor should he get fired over that so
it's not a matter of political
disagreements it's a matter
and if Jamil hill had said you know what
white people are the devil
okay and they are by definition bad I'd
say now you gotta go no that's not right
so she's not saying racist thing she's
pointing out that Trump is saying racist
things
it's a giant difference a giant
difference and no she doesn't speak for
all of us you know we get this everyone
small to did you know what one of your
hosts said yeah I know we got a lot of
different hosts and they have a lot of
different opinions so make up your mind
either we are going to say that's it
every host must agree with me as
wonderful as I think I am I think that's
kind of boring
okay or they're allowed to disagree and
they don't speak for the company they
speak for themselves because
they're independent human beings Wow I
solved it it wasn't that complicated
help us build the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
