well recently president Trump has been
going to Houston kind of and he did go
there too he also looked at maps of
Houston and said he was there but anyway
but he did go down there and he's now in
Florida that was obviously Houston was
hurricane Harvey and now hurricane Irma
and he's checking out what happened and
so that's good print all presidents
should do that I'm not on him for that
now okay bless his heart okay so a
picture comes out of that scene it's the
one you're looking at in the graphic but
let's show you a full screen here oh my
god what a great guy he saved kittens
he saved cats from the flood while
wearing us make America great again
hat hmm now which knucklehead thinks
that that picture is real correct answer
most of the right way so they're all
over social media go right now go look
at this the media won't report on it the
guy says get ins and they don't do it
everything about it okay the original
photograph Snopes explains which showed
a man named Brandon Smith rescuing his
two cats from floodwaters in Cedar
Rapids Iowa in June of 2008 was taken by
photographer Harry Albert of the Des
Moines Register the doctor photo simply
superimposes Trump's manga had clad head
over the face of the real cat saving man
you know when I thought the whole thing
was photoshopped when I first looked at
it so I'm actually kind of heartened to
know that someone actually did save cats
in America so congratulations to my man
from Cedar Rapids Brandon Smith so let's
show you the two pictures side by side
okay come on look at Trump's body on the
left is that you think that's Trump's
body have you never seen him golfing
okay look if I saw that picture and it
was Obama and I got found out I saw it
on social media I bet now no way okay
there's no president going in the middle
of the water they wouldn't have the
President anywhere in near danger they
always show up afterwards whether
they're democrat or republican president
gonna go in the middle of a flood and go
save someone's tats then I gotta happen
as people the quadruple check that
before we ever did a story on that these
guys are like check what do you mean
check Trump's a hero put the big
troubled again okay so here is somebody
explaining this is being shared on
Facebook is real by lots and lots of
people that's Helen Kennedy who reported
that originally and then here's one of
those folks who is genuinely charity
sharing it he says all about President
Trump is his handle he says things the
media forgets some kids there's a good
reason they forgot it because it didn't
happen and it's from 2008 you remember
that these are the guys who invented
fake news well I mean where did the term
fake news come from it came from
right-wing propaganda during the 2016
election where they would literally have
fake websites that sounded like they
were real websites like ABS com instead
of abc.com and then they would put up a
story about Hillary has an aneurysm and
is you know polish illegal immigrant
whatever they would make nonsense crazy
stuff and people oh my god did you know
there's an illegal immigrant just like
Obama right and so that's and and they
did that propaganda campaign and then
later Trump took it and was like okay
I'm just gonna call everybody else fake
news so but the reality is the minute
there's fake is the right-wing loves it
so by the way that's not the only one
they did this before media a points out
additionally Snopes reported that after
Harvey had Texas another photo
circulated on there and as showing Trump
in an inflatable raft saving a stranded
flood victim unsurprisingly this image
is also fraudulent we found that one two
here it is
come on you really thought that was a
president you guys are a bunch of
goofballs
okay more MORE yeah so that's the real
picture of course and then there it is
side by side
it's called Photoshop and yes in this
case it is called fake news right
wingers you are so gullible on the other
hand you voted for Trump thinking that
he was actually for the little guy are
we surprised you're easy to trick a
to believe it I don't know man I refuse
to believe if they move they're trolling
us and then they want us to do this they
want us to go are you idiots there's no
worse all that Photoshop picture with
the cats it's such an obvious Photoshop
you have to look at it for two and a
half seconds to realize that number one
nobody looks at anything for two and a
half seconds
it's especially if they're right-wingers
and with that you're pres he's wearing
his hat and he's grimacing like he's
carrying a couple of loads of pounds of
of sandbags or something
come on they're cats number two this is
all just joke's on us he's grabbing a
couple of pussies if you like The Young
Turks you'll love Young Turks membership
TYT Network comm sighs joy
