oh my god we've got another controversy
it's about Superman he's apparently
protecting the powerless how dare he
Jesus what is wrong with Superman these
days liberal media I'm not even kidding
Breitbart thinks there's a liberal
conspiracy they wrote a whole article
about it so let me tell you what the
context here Hollywood Reporter
reporting in the recent issue of Action
Comics number 9 87 the Oz effect
released Wednesday Superman arrives in
the nick of time
to protect a group of undocumented
immigrants from a white man sporting an
American flag bandana wildy a
machine-gun who's going to shoot them
for taking his job now I know first of
all they're undocumented immigrants so I
guess Superman is not supposed to save
their lives I thought that he would
protect the powerless like what's the
counter-argument here we should
machine-gun them okay I know I'm liberal
media I don't understand so let me show
you the pictures so this is a my
cartoons so he is some of you asked
there they load X explains and this from
that comics 987 and and he's taking the
bullets and saving their lives
I mean we this is where the country's
gotten like if you if Superman saves
people's lives they're mad they're mad
okay and then this happens in the next
part of the comic the guy who was
shooting at them and trying to murder
them asked why Superman why are you
against me and that's a legitimate
question like wait I was just trying to
murder innocent people why are you
against me he says you know they took my
job they ruined me and then Superman
says the only person responsible for the
blackness smothering your soul is you
damn shots fired and then blocked by
Superman okay so and then they further
explained here at The Hollywood Reporter
police arrived Superman hands over the
gunman and tells officers to make sure
the victims are safe and cared for so
believe it or not that part was also
offensive to the right way wait they
were safe and cared for no no no no
here's how Breitbart explains that same
scene in an act of super social
I'm not kidding nice ready I'm not
kidding they actually wrote it super
socialism once police arrived our social
justice Supes I don't know what I'm so
orders them to protect illegal aliens to
make sure they are safe and cared for
okay so now you've defined socialism as
saving innocent people's lives
I don't know that'sthat's pretty good
and then they wonder why Millennials are
they think the socialism is not so bad
they're like Northern Europe doesn't
they look like they're in pretty good
shape if they've been saving people like
oh how dare are you yes go ahead I said
um socialism a socialist program is
there you know our emergency services
when the police get called we paid for
that so you can ask them to protect
citizens not just the one that you think
should be protected you and whatever the
hell you're doing we did with the white
supremacist stuff how come the police
are out there stopping us from
committing violence we're white yeah you
know what they are literally calling
Superman a social justice warriors
what's the like sometimes the right wing
comes up with terminology to criticize
the left wing that amuses me like
O'Reilly so we say oh before he was
fired for all the sexual harassment
needed any hey you know there are
secular humanists yeah we don't think
any random religion should rule us
including by the way Sharia law I
thought you agree with that no I watches
my shirt weer secular and therefore the
humans you're guilty I'm yep I'm a
humanist I'm for the humans and in this
case do your for social justice okay
that's kind of Superman's job it's it's
a League of Justice anywhere Justice
League
so but here comes my favorite part they
also say they went on a long street on
this way I give you the summary here
what the the Warner Todd Houston rights
for Breitbart quote DC Comics long ago
declared the Superman is no longer
American well that's actually kind of
true do you know what Superman is he's
an alien
in fact he's uh illegal alien sheriff
Joe wood as for as bait
actually you wouldn't cause he's not
Latino he is literally an illegal alien
who came to America without papers which
also makes them uh undocumented
immigrant you can't argue with it why is
Superman protecting undocumented
immigrants because he is one okay in
fact his parents sent him to America
without papers or documentation what
does that make Superman a dreamer Trump
is trying to kick Superman out of the
country are you gonna let him do that
I thought we want a Superman to be an
American if you liked this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
