a Missoula Montana defense attorney
referred to a 13 year old victim of
sexual assault as a temptress okay how
did it all start the Missoula reports
according to court documents a
documentation Justin Griffith 26 worked
as a clinical care worker at western
Montana addiction services so this is an
addiction recovery place for teenagers
where he quote developed a sexual
relationship with a 13 year old patient
in Martin March of 2015
Griffith later told a detective that
relationship lasted for a weekend lisa
kaufman the defense attorney for
griffin's said kaufman alleged there was
a wild atmosphere she seemed to blame it
on the wild atmosphere at the treatment
center with teenage girls who quote
acted out sexually she said Griffith had
not received any training for how to
handle such situations and then later
over the prosecutors repeated protests
here's what happened / the Mizzou lien
she said she looks and acts like she's
18 years old attorney Lisa Hoffman told
Missoula district attorney judge dusty
Deschamps you should see the pictures of
her and the hair and the makeup and then
later in a heated exchange with the
prosecutor she said how about victims is
temptresses what do you think about that
the victim's mother who was seated
behind the attorneys told Kaufmann not
to speak about her child that way I was
just making a little slam Kaufmann told
her about my daughter the woman replied
and then after that Kaufmann apologized
but so disliked Hoffman is an
embarrassment to not just women to
humanity because she thinks that it's
okay to point to a 13 year old child
okay and essentially blame her for being
taken advantage of as she was in a rehab
clinic trying to get clean and a twenty
six-year-old guy took advantage of her
so yeah you're a terrible person and you
shouldn't be an attorney if that's the
Oh like I get it if you're a defense
attorney you are going to find any and
all ways to try to defend up
because that's your job right but I
believe that you can do your job without
being incredibly insulting to the victim
who was just taken advantage of calling
her a temptress like what are we are we
like in you know like an Isis camp
somewhere where you know you go ahead
and you blame the female victim who is
just raped or sexually assaulted I mean
do you want to put women in burkas is
that what you like like that's insane
you should see her makeup and the way
she dresses so are you saying a that men
can't control themselves when they see
an attractive woman which is insulting
to men and be that women who present
themselves in a certain way deserve to
be sexually assaulted or raped I don't
know how
what is her thinking here like I get
that if you are a defense attorney like
you said you have to say some stuff and
what's sad is what this does to the
victims in these cases and that's why
you hear time and time again how
difficult it is for victims that come
forward because not only once it's out
there do people know and then they're
looking at you as the victim of one of
these things and but also the process of
of defending the accused is to say that
it was the victims fault to say that she
brought it on so the best line of this
all and it's weird to call it the best
line but it was super accurate from the
judge in response to the idea that this
girl was a temptress and that the
defendant had a lack of training in this
area the judge said it's hardly a
training issue not to have sex with a
13-year absolutely good it's just so
obvious in that case so you want a drug
rehab place to spend resources to Train
grown-ass men about how it's unlawful to
sleep with 13-year olds who are trying
to get clean at said drug rehab center
like you think that that makes sense
he's 26 years old he's not a child okay
yeah and it's absurd it's so ridiculous
and then how much further do you need to
go than just that one line do you need
to then have them come in to okay we're
gonna do the training for this we
dressed a thirteen-year-old girl
up as a temptress and you have to resist
her for the next 20 hours let's just
like just don't have sex with 13
year-olds so that's pretty done with
your with your training let's put this
method of defense or apply this method
of defense in a different context and
see how ridiculous it so I'm walking
home I see a car and someone has left
their laptop their MacBook Pro on the
passenger seat right okay the car is
locked but I see the computer and since
it's right there in plain sight I decide
I'm gonna break the window break into
the car steal the computer I get caught
is do you think it's a good defense for
me or my lawyer to say well you know the
victim here decided to leave the
computer and in plain sight and as a
result the victim is to blame you oh
that's absolutely ridiculous the person
who has committed the crime is the
criminal okay the person who steals the
laptop in this case it would be me I
would be the criminal but then again you
didn't have enough training on how not
to steal a laptop I mean it just it just
gets more and more absurd when you apply
it to any other college I wasn't trained
on how not to break a window and steal
other people's property I didn't get
that in walking down the street training
it's common sense to follow up on what
happened a second second count of sexual
intercourse without consent was dropped
as part of the guilty plea process and
the judge essentially said listen if I
were to imagine one situation in which I
could show some kind of understanding of
the other guy's situation of the 26 year
old Justin Griffith situation would be
if he was inexperienced and then we had
an older but still minor personality
disorder or something like that but
she's like this guy's been or the judge
said this guy's been around the block
and he seemed like a predator so 20
years was what he was sentenced to 16 of
those suspended oh my god I was gonna
say damn 20 years it's four years the
judge recommends sexual offender
treatment during suspended the suspended
portion I don't know if the sentencing
has gone through but this is like the
apparent compromise between what would
suggest
by the by the the parole counselor and
what the judge came down with was a
recommendation of sexual offender
treatment during the suspended portion
of the sentence but the judge said
there's no way I'm gonna suspend the
whole thing like the defense suggested
so that's that qit membership gets you
commercial free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
