the smears aimed at dr. Christine Blasi
Ford continued and the latest example
was in the form of a blog post an
anonymous blog post that Dinesh D'Souza
decided to tweet out and all it does is
essentially slut-shame the accuser and
also other female students who went to
the all-girls school that dr. Blasi went
to holden arms now
D'Souza tweeted the following no one in
the media is covering the culture of
hookups and binge drinking the accuser
was part of by the way no evidence that
she was part of that here's what they're
trying to cover up and in that tweet he
links to a blog post this is not a news
article this was not something written
by the New York Times Washington Post
CNN it's a blog post okay and it's it's
for this website called the cult of the
First Amendment
D'Souza tweeted that link to this
article and it accused Kat the Cavanaugh
accuser of taking part in binge drinking
and promiscuity while in high school no
evidence of that by the way yeah I mean
look Ana emphasizes blog posts not
because you can't have perfectly good
opinion isn't a blog et cetera but
there's no evidence than there so he's
linking to it as if it's an
authoritative source what he's linking
to his some dudes opinion backed up by
no evidence at all no evidence so if you
read through it I mean I encourage you
go ahead read through it okay there's
nothing linking dr. Blasi to these
allegations and even if it did even if
there was evidence that she was drinking
or having a good time or partying in
high school who cares who cares you
think that that's enough to clear
Cavanaugh of any wrongdoing look at how
but this is what this is what I mean
when I urge conservative women to really
reconsider the political party they're
supporting okay
sometimes I've said that in not so nice
terms but let me just try to be as
diplomatic as possible this is what they
think of you if you were a victim of
sexual assault and you come forward with
your allegations they are going to pore
over your past to see if there's
anything they can use to smear you
including partying which is something
that everyone does when they're younger
so if you've ever partied in your life
then what you deserve to be sexually
assaulted I don't get it and by the way
they found nothing on her so Donald
Trump jr. retweeted this they he thinks
it's oh yeah let's go smear her that's
that's great now in the blog post they
talked about the clothes that other
girls in that high school wore back then
so lit they don't have any pictures of
doctor Blasi they don't have anything on
dr. Blasi first of all they looked and
they couldn't find anything on dr. Blasi
let's just note that okay so whenever
they do go to do these smear jobs if
they got a tiny little thing
that means they looked and looked and
looked and couldn't find a big thing in
this case they couldn't find anything so
they did guilt by association but is it
even guilt so they're questioning what
the girls wore when they were 15 or 16
from back in 1983 it's amazing so does
that mean that if they wore the wrong
kind of skirt that somebody could rape
them what no no I really want to know
the logic yeah I want to know the logic
that when they were 17 if they drank at
a party does that mean that any guy in
that party could rape them well I what
they're trying to do is make it seem as
though
well these the girls who went to this
school were promiscuous okay they were
sexually so if this happened it was
because she wanted it that's what I
didn't that's the way that it gets
interpreted right that's what he's
implying mm-hmm there was drinking there
was promiscuity so she wanted it it was
probably a consensual thing so they're
trying all different avenues at
attacking her every high school has some
degree of drinking and some degree of
promiscuity that isn't the issue for
example we have now said a thousand
times in the last four or five days that
Cavanaugh drank a lot in high school we
don't care that isn't the issue at all
a lot of people drank in high school
that's not the issue the issue is what
he did on that day which appears to be
the allegations are of attempted rape
that matters not the drinking so not
what she wore that day not if she had a
drink not if he had a drink we're not
going back to 1983 and judging every
little minutia of either side we're
talking about only ending by the way we
have excellent credibility on this
because on the very first day before we
knew what it was I said we all said it
depends on what he did it was high
school if it was a small thing a
mid-sized thing you can't go all the way
back to high school
it would have to cross a very high bar
that's literally what we said on day one
and it turns out it was attempted rape
that's that crosses the high bar so it
what do they do they say oh yeah yeah
you guys are going back there oh yeah
well then I'm gonna go back there and
judge everything they did today any not
her but did anybody else at that high
school ever have a drink that they ever
wear the wrong kind of skirt are you
kidding me so that's who they are yeah
and I look this is just my opinion but I
wouldn't use a convicted felon as an
arbiter of criminality ever so it's very
ironic that he he thinks that he could
be the judgment of good behavior I mean
this guy is a convicted felon
period that's the Nash d'souza a he went
to jail over it of course another
lifelong criminal eventually pardoned
him that's Donald Trump Donald Trump
juniors father obviously but no he was
convicted and he went he went to jail
and he he's a felon and and so but the
Republicans still talk about him like oh
well he did a movie about the corruption
of Hillary Clinton you know what Dinesh
D'Souza went to jail for corruption he
did he violated campaign finance laws
and tried to get around them and give
more money than he was allowed to give
to a candidate that he liked it's
there's a colloquial word for that it's
called corruption but they're like Oh
Bravo the corruption of Hillary Clinton
Dinesh D'Souza they think that they're
the party that is of family values and
morality and here they are try to excuse
attempted
because young girls had it coming
because they also at some point drank at
a party
it's effin gross man thanks for watching
this free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm slash join
