SportsCenter anchor Jamil Hill from ESPN
is facing quite a bit of backlash from
conservatives after she made her
feelings about Trump very well-known on
Twitter so Monday night she got into a
little bit of a Twitter tiff with an
individual who apparently was supportive
of Kid Rock the conversation began with
a conversation Oh with the statement
regarding Kid Rock and how frustrated he
is that people think he's racist because
he says racist things and so Jamil Hill
responded to this individual by saying
the following Donald Trump is a white
supremacist who has largely surrounded
himself with other white supremacists
she continued to tweet that Trump is the
most ignorant offensive president of my
lifetime
his rise is a direct result of white
supremacy period and another tweet said
that Donald Trump is a bigot glad we
could live with glad you could live with
voting for him I couldn't because I
cared about more than just myself now
this led to a bunch of people who were
very very hurt very offended that she
would have the audacity to speak her
mind and tell the truth about Donald
Trump on Twitter and so ESPN responded
with this following statement let's take
a look the comments on Twitter from
Jamil Hill regarding the president do
not represent the position of ESPN we
have addressed this with Jamil and she
recognizes her actions were
inappropriate so as far as we know at
the moment that was the extent of the
consequences that Jamil Hill faced a
little bit of a slap on the wrist if you
will on Twitter and that further
infuriated conservatives because they
felt that it was unfair treatment
compared to other hosts on ESPN who were
either suspended or fired because of
their political statements these were
conservatives who made some political
statements and we'll get to that in just
a second but before we do so what do you
guys think about what she had to say on
Twitter was that deeply offensive and
should she lose her job
that's funny to say she deeply offended
the people who are committed to hate of
other people with division that's what
that sounds like so he sounded really
intolerant of intolerance yes that's
very intolerant so I when you Donald
Trump has made no secret of his
affection for white supremacists
neo-nazis Ault whatever so he's made it
no secret he has made it no secret in
fact we have some evidence of that okay
here is a video montage of Trump's
reactions after the hate rally in
Charlottesville where a 31 year old
woman by the name of Heather hire was
run over by a white supremacist take a
look this egregious display of hatred
bigotry and violence on many sides on
many sides define all right to me you
define it
excuse me what about the alt left they
came charging at the as you say the alt
right and nobody wants to say that but
I'll say it right now you had a group
you had a group on the other side that
came charging in without a permit yes I
think this blame on both sides you had
people in that group that were there to
protest the taking down of to them a
very very important statue and I have no
doubt about it and you don't have any
doubt about it either
excuse me are we gonna take down are we
gonna take down statues to Joyce why
how about Thomas Jefferson what do you
think of Thomas Jefferson because he was
a major slave owner now we're gonna take
down his statue you're changing history
you're changing culture okay now what
will that with the statements he made
about Mexicans being rapists and
criminal and the Mexican judge couldn't
be a good man I mean it just on and on
and on I mean referring to Muslim
generalizing about Muslims being
terrorists you know wanting to build a
wall early on in his campaign refusing
to condemn David Duke who was a KKK
leader who supported him I mean Jenny
goes on and on and on so what part what
part of Hills statement was offensive
was it the truth yes is the truth hurt
your feelings
because here's the reality he is a white
supremacist if that offends you then
maybe you should reconsider your support
of Donald Trump right right well we can
go way beyond when he was like on the
campaign trail I mean we can go back to
when the discriminatory housing
practices hey we can go back to when he
called for the heads of five black guys
that did not commit the murder that were
innocent and never Belgium never
apologize for it stand still stands by
what he did yeah he called for their
execution what buddies but what about
him chasing the President Roh asking for
his birth certificate
I'm eeen it goes on and on so if you are
offended by Jamil Hill calling him a
white supremacist you need to really
re-evaluate who you're supporting
because the reality is you are
supporting a white supremacist if the
truth hurts then you can continue trying
to live under a rock but this is the
reality of the situation now let me give
you uh you know
what some believe is a double standard
there's this criticism that ESPN is a
liberal outlet they're such lefties that
they will punish conservative
individuals who work for the channel but
they won't you know really punish people
like Jamil Hill so let's hear from one
person Sean Davis says Curt Schilling
great athlete linda cone successful
broadcaster Jamil Hill batted her job
but hates Trump guess who's still on air
another person says that Curt Schilling
didn't Curt Schilling get run out of
town for a meme yes he didn't get run
out of town for a meme so let's uh first
of all take a quick look at that mean
this was a baseball analyst on CNN I'm
sorry on ESPN who ended up getting
suspended and this is the mean that he
shared on Facebook showing his version
of a transgender individual and chiming
in with commentary about allowing
transgender individuals to use the
bathroom that they identify with
so that image that's not the truth okay
that image is making a generalization
about an entire population of people but
that was in his first offense Curt
Schilling got in trouble quite a few
times with ESPN let's give you a graphic
33 for instance in 2015 Schilling was
suspended from the network for posting a
meme to Twitter comparing Muslim
extremists to Nazis Schilling later
apologized for the tweet and called it a
bad decision and 100% my fault
six months later Schilling said during a
interview that then presidential
candidate Hillary Clinton should be
quote buried under a jail somewhere in
reference to her email scandal just one
month later Schilling was fired when he
shared sorry he was fired not suspended
just to correct myself when he shared a
Facebook post in response to the North
Carolina law that bars transgender
people from using bathrooms that do not
correspond to their gender of birth he
was warned repeatedly by ESPN that he
could not continue with these political
statements especially considering the
fact that they were defamatory that they
were actually offensive and not grounded
in truth and he did not listen and so
yeah he got
fired so comparing Jamil Hill to
Schilling is ridiculous to say the least
is you know you can't equate the two but
they will they'll continue to equate the
two and you know what conservatives you
know like yes pan you think it's a
liberal station then don't watch ESPN
move on with your life and this goes
into something I mean the media can't be
passive it I mean the year is 2017 in
the contemporary United States we are
actually fighting Nazis and no this is
not an Indiana Jones movie this is real
life we can't be passive with terms
anymore Trump didn't say something
controversial Trump said something
racist in other countries when they have
fringe politicians that subscribe to
hate ideology they identified as such
they will say anti-semitic candidate X
or whatever the descriptor is in the
United States we don't do that because
we have a for-profit corporate media
that thrives on access but you know
maybe the time it's time we start it's
too bad that it's someone in the sports
arena that's actually doing it but I
have no problem as far as if you support
this guy as your president so when the
Trayvon Martin thing went down and
President Obama came out openly and
explicitly said Trayvon could been to my
son he supported the people that were
outraged about this murder so if someone
then came to me and they said hey you
know your president supports the people
that outraged about Trayvon Martin I'd
say yes I agree he does so when your
president steps out and supports white
supremacy and neo-nazis be proud of that
yes that's he openly and explicitly
supported who you wanted him to support
right so agree with him what do you
embarrass about your position for I'm
not embarrassed that President Obama's
reported one of the people that are mad
about what happened Trayvon Martin I'm
not embarrassed about that at all so if
you say I can't believe it or something
ESPN decides to tweet and say hey you
know what President Obama I can't
believe he's supported Trayvon Martin I
was like yeah it's crazy you can't
believe it I agree he did it's just the
truth so don't get mad when she says
what it is your president does that's
all it was
and she's disgusted by it okay maybe if
you discussed it that Obama supporter
Trayvon Martin then okay
know who you are and also
the people calling for her to get fired
I mean those are the people that crack
me up the most because these are the
also the exact same people that throw
feces as soon as they hear about
Berkeley protesting a conservative
speaker because it's free speech right
you want to hear differing perspectives
right you don't want to shut people up
just because you disagree with their
political perspective right right no
it's all disingenuous and you
see it over and over again phony and so
look I ha that's I never thought about
that book again which Emil Hill said was
the truth and there's evidence to back
it up okay
she didn't say something incredibly
offensive and not grounded in truth
about a specific community of people
she's not being defamatory she's not
doing anything that's objectionable to
anyone that has any common sense and so
if it offends you again if the truth
offends you you have to ask yourself why
okay are you in complete denial over who
Trump really is and if you are then
educate yourself because that's what the
reality is he ran on a campaign that
focused primarily on dividing people on
pitting the least powerful people in
this country against one another over
racism and bigotry and hate and he did
it over and over again and guess what
the more he did it the more his
supporters loved him help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
