there are two motels six locations in
Phoenix Arizona that are apparently
sharing their guest lists with ice
officials in an effort to help them
deport undocumented immigrants that's
happening now the two motel six
locations in Phoenix are reporting
reporting lease ending guest list to ice
officials on a daily basis by the way
without even notifying their patrons
about the fact that they are sending
these individuals info to federal
officials now one of the workers there
was very forthcoming about this
apparently and said we send a report
every morning to ice all the names of
everybody that comes in every morning at
about five o'clock we do the audit and
we push a button and it sends it to ice
classy very very classy so I'm gonna
just cut out how do people find out
about this you know I actually don't
know how this was reported but there was
a local publication in Phoenix that did
an investigation and they found the info
about what was going on he's one of
their clients was one of the people that
was caught over more of these sweeps and
he must have gone to the rain so that
person last name Maldonado said so he
found out that his info was given
because ice officials had done what's
called like a knock what is it called
the knock knock and talk where they just
show up and they knock and without a
warrant and they they want you know
people will be like okay fine I guess
you can come in and ask me questions
they'll come in and ask questions and
Maldonado realized that this is way too
much of a coincidence let me give you
his exact statement ice was following a
lead when they encountered one of
Maldonado's clients but the fact that
they had his exact room number when he
was only staying there one night was too
much of a coincidence
Maldonado believes ice compares the
guest list with warrantless to find
individuals who are undocumented and so
because of what these two motel six
places are doing in Phoenix there
been at least 20 arrests at these two
locations between February and August of
this year and about a third of the cases
indicated that ice encountered a suspect
during a knock-and-talk where an
officers show up without a warrant and
ask permission to enter the room then
they go ahead and they ask a bunch of
questions and it will either result in
an arrest or not and so it's something
that you guys should be aware of we have
you know establishments that are now
giving lists of their patrons to ice
officials and then ice officials go
ahead and show up knock on your door
without a warrant and ask you questions
and possibly arrest you if they suspect
that you're an undocumented immigrant
Wow
so why would they do that to the Jews I
mean the undocumented I mean that's what
it sounds like to me it sounds the exact
same thing and we're gonna tell the SS
that you're here we're gonna send the
list of people we got Jews at my hotel
said let let everybody know that's
disgusting and so you know like people
like so the whole thing about well
Trump's our white supremacist and you
know he couldn't work without a bunch of
people going along with him right and so
here's a corporation that's good because
those aren't franchises those aren't
privately owned that's owned by the
corporation those hotels and they're
that's a huge corporation going along
with trumps whatever you want to call it
right so that's a good reminder by the
way I by the way even if you're not
undocumented and you're not concerned
about right deported you're are you
comfortable with your it doesn't matter
who you are your information is handed
over to ice officials are you
comfortable with that are you do you
think that's okay
are you comfortable where you go to
patronize a business and they think well
maybe what if you have a warrant
I'll let the cops know you're here what
that's f is going on that is this is
turkey talk about the government by the
West you want to have a conversation
about big government that think that's
big government talk yeah the
conservatives are supposed to hate that
shit right they loved it they loved it
they saw big government when it has to
do with regulating vaginas and what it
has to do with regulating you know or
discriminating against someone and
hurting someone who's poor and has no
power they don't mind the surveillance
state when it comes to either promoting
war
or getting rid of brown people that they
don't want around because I mean this
whole thing it is not only completely
disrespectful to any and all patrons but
it's just straight-up racist help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm slash jewelry
