so this is an unfortunate story about
profiling it is an innocent Muslim
American family but they were not
treated that way
now I hear from some on the right that
oh no no there's no such thing as racism
or bigotry that doesn't exist well let's
find out the story of the Holy Family
and see if that's true or not so first
of all let me show you this Satara Ali's
family
well they look lovely they look like
they just had a graduation they're part
of the America right there right so and
they lived in Michigan and they had
moved back to Kansas where they actually
were originally from so let me tell you
how the story begins literally who moved
to the United States in 1993 took a
check for a hundred fifty one thousand
dollars from the sale of his family's
old house in Michigan to Wichitas
Emprise bank as he told local news
station ka ke he brought verification
documents along with him but a few
minutes after he first presented tell us
what to check he was in handcuffs
what now look I guess I'm naive and
because I've never had 151,000 I checked
personally I wouldn't have known to
bring in verification I'd be like this
is my lucky day I've got a check I'm
giving it to you you're a bank yeah I
assume you're gonna take it I I wouldn't
have even thought twice about it but
maybe he's had different experiences
that made him realize no just Martin and
careful thing to do is to bring in some
verification hey this is where I got the
check and can you please deposit it for
me and he brought that in and they're
like yeah don't care we're going to have
you arrested stunning
okay so Ross story continues to explain
after being taken outside Ali discovered
his wife a deal and their 15-year old
daughter Habra were in the backseat of
the police car waiting for him what what
did you arrest his daughter that's
insane let alone is why the media says
this is all right total madness but he's
about to get worse sometime during their
three-hour detainment Ali said police
called his eleven-year-old son's school
and tell them to hold him because his
parents had been arrested oh good
because we didn't Remini's the family
enough
let's go target the 11 year old kid in
his school and mess him up too now look
are there four checks from time to time
of course there are there's their fraud
involved in checks should the banks be
careful of course but is this the thing
that happens a lot or if somebody comes
in with a hundred and fifty one thousand
dollar check which they don't ask for a
check cash if he said I'd like to cash
this or than fifty thousand dollar check
far as the bank I would do some due
diligence on that too of course he just
said I'd like to deposit it I'll see you
tomorrow you could have taken your time
you could investigated you have his
address you know where to find him no
they had to do an all-points bulletin
like oh my god there's a guy named
Satara Lee he brought in a check hurry
up and arrest this whole family what is
he gonna do with the check he deposited
it was he gonna take it out and use it
for bombs he brought it to you he didn't
take it from you okay so again the
skeptics out there are the right-wingers
who like to be blind to bigotry we'll
say no could happen to anybody I mean it
could have been you know Bob Smith who
went into the bank and they would have
went and found his 11 year old son in
the middle of Wichita and made sure to
tell him that his parents had been
arrested and they would have grabbed his
15 year old daughter I don't think it's
not twice about it look we're never
gonna know for sure and so you know if
you want overwhelming proof that the
bank teller and the bank manager were
like that dudes Muslim he's freaking me
out
I don't know why he has this check
you're probably not gonna find a memo
like this but for most rational people
we know what happened here and Satara
Lee says no one told me while I was
being arrested until we were being
released they didn't read me rights or
anything he said we were devastated
terrified crying the whole time we had
no idea what the rest was for because
they're so dangerous you can't even tell
him what they're being arrested for by
the way he's an American he has rights
like every other American if you're
gonna arrest the guy is let alone a
false arrest read him his rights he has
rights
I wonder why they assumed that they
shouldn't read him his rights as an
American hmm this is all probably a
coincidence they probably do this to
white folks all the time in the middle
of Kansas and Elise is one more thing he
says let's assume I made a mistake and
gave them a bad check why would they
arrest my wife and daughter and I open
that to anyone who thinks this was
perfectly innocent
why aren't God's green earth no matter
what race or religion he is or what
background are you arresting his 15 year
old daughter and his wife no a panic set
in there and you know why the panic said
it because we have an insane right wing
in this country who has scared the
living bejesus out of people in the
middle of the country saying Sharia law
is coming they're coming to get you
Oklahoma went to go pass a law and did
pass a law saying we will not have
Sharia law in Oklahoma really you don't
say oh good you want em Sharia law is
there barely any Muslims there and if
they live in America where that's
unconstitutional you can't put your
religion into the law there's a million
reasons why the Muslims are not coming
over to take over Tulsa or Wichita but
people are in a panic and fear and
demagoguery work so they see a guy come
in and his wife's in a parking lot as
daughter isn't they have it
head-covering they're like oh my god
this guy's trying to give us money wait
you're a bank and so they had to go
through this whole trauma now what's his
real story Ali who along with his wife
and children are American citizens lived
in Wichita from 1998 to 2008 and was
returning to get his doctorate in
engineering from Wichita State or his
eldest son as a freshman boy that that
does sound very dangerous you know last
thing for Molly actually he said I would
expect this in the 1950s not now no
actually it's not really that true he
came to the country a little bit later
than my family did so when my dad came
in the 1960s actually America was
wonderfully open to immigrants including
Muslim immigrants now my dad's Turkish
he's at now an agnostic but back then he
was nominally Muslim he didn't care too
much about it didn't practice too much
but for all anybody knew he was right
and he
we're wonderful to him they took him to
see the president he's got this he may
meet and shake the hand of John F
Kennedy within a couple of months of
arriving people would volunteer to have
him stay at their house a wonderful
American couple said to Hammond is to my
mom who were newlyweds hey do you want
to come and vacation with us in our nice
beach house in Miami for a week know
this country actually used to be way
better to Muslims way better to
immigrants overall it's because of the
current demagoguery in America that
you've got people afraid and lashing out
in completely irrational ways so in some
ways unfortunately we've gone backwards
so just because discrimination doesn't
happen to you doesn't mean that it
doesn't exist it does exist that
unfortunately it happened that a Lee
family here and I would hope that they
would take their business to a different
bank and that the authorities would
apologize for arresting them detaining
them for three hours let alone an
arresting his family members and
panicking his kids over something that
could have easily been investigated
behind the scenes calmly you could have
just asked them for more verification
instead they had a fire alarm here and
we're pretty sure we know why that
happened and if you don't I think you're
being blind to the reality of
unfortunately today's America look I'm
an eternal optimist I think we can get
past it and I think we're gonna see much
better days ahead and I think we're
gonna be great to immigrants again and
understand the core of what makes this
country wonderful which is that we are
open to immigrants but we do have to get
past it because it is the reality of
today watch the young turks commercial
free downloaded or stream it watch it
any way you like at TYT Network comm
slash join
