so one of the greatest offenses you can
give in Washington is to be uncivil to a
member of the establishment and General
John Kelly uh chief of staff for Donald
Trump is definitely a member of the
establishment he's chief of staff but
beyond that he was our general and in
Washington you bow to the generals the
military-industrial complex is awesome
and they always have good intent that's
what I hear on TV that's what you're
about to hear on Morning Joe but first
let me tell you what congressman luis
Gutierrez said about John Kelly and why
they were all aflutter on Morning Joe
congressman Gutierrez said general Kelly
when he was the head of Homeland
Security lied straight to the face of
the Congressional Hispanic Caucus about
preventing the mass deportations of
dreamers
now as chief of staff this former
general is executing the plan to take
away their lifeline and taking steps to
criminalize young people who live in
were here legally general Kelly's a
hypocrite who's a disgrace to the
uniform he used to wear
he has no honor and should be drummed
out of the White House along with the
white supremacists and those enabling
the president's actions by quote just
following orders now I agree with the
sentiment of and the facts behind
congressman Gutierrez I don't think
anyone actually denies the facts John
Kelly
at Homeland Security did say that they
would not take people out of the country
and now he is enabling kicking those
same people out of the country you
couldn't say that a missed call that a
miscommunication call it a lie things
fair now he is a little vituperative on
the you know dishonouring and disgrace
in the uniform and his no honor etc I
live in a glass house I say strong
comments like that all the time and I
don't think it's a big deal he's
understandably very angry about the
potential of 800,000 people being kicked
out of this country who are productive
members of our society and who everybody
including General John Kelly said would
be protected so he's I think very
justifiably angry but in Washington in
New York in elite circles you could bomb
civilians you could start Wars you could
rob people blind you could do
taxes for the rich that take from the
middle-class redistribute wealth of the
time you can do and you could kick out
dreamers and ruin their live send them
the countries they never ever even lived
in or grew up in you can do all of those
terrible things but don't you dare be
uncivil to another member of the
establishment so before I go to the
clips here I just want to give you a
sense of context look we asked our
audience in a in a different context
about General John Kelly whether he
should stay or go and you guys actually
said that he should stay so the question
was should Donald John Kelly resign in
protest over things like Charlottesville
or should he staying keep Trump in check
and from what I remember and that's tea
or tea network.com slash chief of staff
it's about two-thirds of you he said
look as heinous as Donald Trump is he
should stay because he is a stabilizing
influence on Donald Trump which i think
is true nonetheless he did at a minimum
mislead the congressional inspector
Hispanic Caucus and many others about
the DREAM Act and he is a right winger
don't get don't fool yourself and now he
is going to execute this policy which is
in in the congressman's estimation in my
estimation a terrible horrific policy
that is going to hurt hundreds of
thousands of people but they will not
focus on that in this clip instead they
will focus on how terrible Gutierrez is
for besmirching the reputation of
someone who was a general and there's a
good friend of ours that we've subbed up
Sheryl d'oeuvres with let's watch where
do where do we begin I served with the
congressman and liked him personally and
but where do we begin
he should be he should not say that it's
graceful outrageous words that he used
against a man who's given is his entire
life and his son to this country and
service and evil look I don't get into
his family in the tragedies etc because
kind of some good tears wasn't talking
about that
at all you brought that up he didn't
bring that up but he's just graceful
comments wait a minute you're just now
calling him disgraceful so why aren't
you
just as guilty as he is but I mean a
general there's more from Mike Barnicle
he should be ashamed of himself and he
should apologize but he won't because of
the partisan polarized nature of
Washington DC but I mean the chief of
staff Kelly presides he's absolutely
right I mean congressman Gutierrez
belongs to a body of people who work
maybe two hours a week you know I mean
that they're gonna work legislatively I
think what four days this month the
remainder of the month to get things
done they've had Decker on their desks
for over a year and they've done nothing
and that and that's his retort please
stop it
stop it you ought to be ashamed of
yourself that is a a member in good
standing of the establishment look two
things about this one of you want
however the substance at all so General
John Kelly should not be ashamed of
himself for ruining the lives of eight
hundred thousand people but Gutierrez
should be ashamed of himself for being
uncivil to another member of the elite
so priorities here guys and then now
barnacle he's worried that they're only
working two hours a week in four days
for the rest of the month we've been
talking about that a thousand times on
the show these congressmen have the
cushiest jobs in the world they hardly
ever work all they ever do is dial for
dollars and now finally morning show the
cornerstone of the establishment turns
around gusto
did you know that congressmen don't work
very much of course when we said that
you're who you are besmirching the
reputation of the honorable gentlemen in
Congress but now that he's been on civil
to a person who's higher up in the
establishment food chain now they
realize oh my god did you know the
congressman don't work that much yeah
yeah that's what we've been telling you
for years the establishment is so
unbearable and they know what see it
they have no idea what they just did
there and they have no idea that they do
it over and over again Wars or find
killing civilians are fine everything is
fine as long as you are not uncivil to
one of their friends who is part of the
elite that's Morning Joe 101 that's
television 101
that's establishment 101 help us build
the media become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
