most people who deny climate change
aren't crazy they're lying right wingers
all over the country are denying climate
change they say things like I don't know
that that is a resolved issue in science
today I do not believe that human
activity is causing these dramatic
changes to our climate the age of the
dinosaurs was dramatically warmer than
this is right now and it didn't cook the
planet Wow new what are you a name it's
your paleontologists I'm an amateur
paleontologist oh I stand corrected for
every clip denying climate change there
is an older clip sometimes from the
exact same person saying that they
totally accept that climate change is
real and that humans are responsible I
think we have to accept the view that
scientists have that there is global
warming and that human contributes
together I believe based on what I read
that the world world is getting warmer
and number two I believe that humans
contribute to that we don't always see
eye to eye do we Newt no but we do agree
our country must take action to address
climate change oh they're so cute
together on opposite day
nailed it still feel like I lost them so
what happened why did the Republican
Party line change so completely the
answer is Citizens United I know right
so unoriginal and even less original as
the group I took advantage of it the
Koch brothers they started an all fronts
campaign aimed at electing lawmakers who
would ensure that the fossil fuel
industry would not have to worry about
new pollution regulations and it's not a
bad plan after all the cokes processed
600,000 barrels of crude a day and
managed 4,000 miles of pipelines they
did it and it worked
Republicans took control of Congress and
now right-wingers everywhere pretty much
spout the same lines here it is as
recited by adult boy Marco Rubio I do
not believe that the laws that they
propose we pass will do anything about
it
except it will destroy our economy see
this is two lies in one first he's
saying that policy to combat climate
change doesn't actually change anything
and second that these policies are just
bad for the economy
both those thoughts are just plain
stupid environmentally friendly policies
have actually worked they've all but
eradicated huge problems you've actually
heard about like acid rain a hole in the
ozone dr. Carlson's bowtie we've worked
together you and me and he stopped it I
mean you still got that face but you
baby steps for acid rain amendments to
the Clean Air Act created significant
cuts and problematic emissions faster
than predicted at one-fourth the
projected cost with the hole in the
ozone we banned ozone-depleting
chemicals it is just crazy enough to
work
it literally reversed the trend and will
prevent two million cases of skin cancer
by 2030 and it doesn't stop there
changes in coal policy actually saved
3,000 lives a year these policies work
so sorry Marco you're wrong you're also
wrong when you say that environmental
policy ruins the economy climate forward
industries create jobs last year the
total hit ten point three million and
it's forecasted 28 million in the next
30 years not only that but the renewable
energy sector is creating jobs 12 times
faster than the rest of the economy
sustainability now represents four to
four and a half million jobs in the US
and that's in a post citizens united
world where they're absolutely getting
crushed by right-wingers in the end
progressives know that despite what the
right says sound environmental policy
does work and it's actually good for the
economy now when you hear right-wingers
say things like President Obama promised
to begin to slow the rise of the oceans
my promise is to help you and your
family you can say no it's okay I can do
both and remember you're not alone
you've got progressives like us on your
side become a member today at TYT
dot-com /join you'll be right at home
here at TYT the home of progressives
