did 60 minutes purposely make Steve
Benton look bad on camera or did he
manage to do that all by himself without
any help from CBS whatsoever now uh this
question was raised by Peter Duke who
seems to be a trump supporter and who
also posts videos on YouTube yeah anyway
I don't know anything about this guy I
just think that his conspiracy theory
about Bannon is hilarious yes so he's a
self-proclaimed photographer which I
suppose there's no reason to doubt him
except that he comes up with funny
conspiracy theories he also had photo
sets that he had dedicated to make
America great again a Henson Trump a
supporter but also to quote butthurt
losers so very classy so he's butthurt
about Steve ban and not looking
attractive enough on 60 minutes every
single thing that a conservative does is
projection you guys get triggered so
easy now look to be fair to him Steve
Bandhan did look really bad
on 60 minutes in fact there's a video of
like a pulse in his neck look at on the
right now say but why is that oh it's
making me so uncomfortable
oh make it stop okay so okay kid
CBS do that did they make his neck
pulsate like that I did CBS put the
lizard inside Steve Bannon I don't think
so
look uh we're not the ones with the
lizard people theories that Alex Jones
cratis right and they're right-wingers
so I mean if ever there was a lizard
person trying to get out of the skin
because I don't know if you've seen some
of the reason I saw like thirty seconds
of one of the videos it's like some poor
guy like a thousand miles away in the
video and they're like uh I don't know
he's trying to get out of his skin you
just dude no one's ever tried to get no
lizard has ever tried to get out of
their skin more than what was happening
at 60 minutes there are no other people
okay Ben just looks bad okay there's
more good so Peter Duke believes that
they purposely used saturation to make
his eyes look bloodshot and you know
his lips look redder than they normally
are yeah and then he also believes that
they purposely placed orange curtains
behind bad haha because those orange
curtains make his skin look worse and
then the curtains behind Charlie Rose
were purposely light orange which made
Charlie Rose look much better which by
the way look I love Charlie Rose like no
no hate but like Charlie Rose looks like
Charlie Rose yeah like you can't tell
the makeup on Charlie Rose's face I'm
like no I can't it's right there I could
see it and this hair is unkempt I mean
God bless his heart
so look maybe it was a shot great but it
wasn't like we're gonna make the Charlie
look Charlie Rose look really pretty it
stupid looked like he had a lot to drink
last night
they also made him go to a bar the night
before okay I don't know if he was
drinking I have no idea he's not a
good-looking dude like I don't okay I'm
not a good-looking like commenting on
people's looks but the Steve Bannon is
not like some frickin go getter lothario
with like the ladies and everyone's like
oh my god Steve man so good-looking and
somehow CBS made him look like he was on
a bender last night this is not from CBS
just to be clear that's just Steve
Bannon being Steve ban yeah and his nose
they're in every picture looks a
thousand times more red than it did on
CBS you know why they put makeup on him
to make him look better not worse and
it's a hard task and by the way to look
at his eyes there and there it looks a
little like it's got red right around it
of course that's what he looks like
killed but that guy thinks he's superior
to other people yes so everyone right
that's not white right like he thinks he
thinks he's superior to my husband like
I like if humanity like depended on me
procreating with that guy be like all
right well we're all by okay like
bye Felicia
like there's no way in hell he okay but
anyway he thinks he's superior support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
