we have been fighting for
medicare-for-all for quite some time on
The Young Turks
and so the Justice Democrats they are
running some primaries against
Democratic candidates and then running
in general elections against Republicans
and they believe that you should be a
strong Democrat as strong progressive
and one that fights for economic justice
and social justice not that complicated
and you should be uncorrupted so
obviously therefore Medicare for all and
in the House John Conyers had a
wonderful bill that was for Medicare for
all we decided that hey we should
support that so just Democrats along
with the nurses union started a petition
just Democrats that calm slash single
parent it got over a hundred thousand
people on there it's way past that now
you should also sign it and guess what
happened it worked so in the house went
from seventy two co-sponsors of the bill
to a hundred and eighteen co-sponsors
that is a lot of MU votes that Justice
Democrats helped to move why is because
their political geniuses etc no it's
very simple it's politics 101 this is a
position that your voters agree with
overwhelmingly and eighty percent of
Democratic voters agree with Medicare
for all so all we're gonna do is put a
spotlight on it and ask you one by one
why are you not supporting Conyers bill
to fight for Medicare for all well then
Bernie Sanders unsurprisingly decided he
was gonna do Medicare for all in the
Senate wonderful so then all of a sudden
a spotlight came to the Senate so in the
beginning there was just one and I
remember doing many clips about why
won't anybody support Bernie Sanders and
then all of a sudden as pressure grew
there was to Carla Harris joined now I
don't care about her motives I care that
she's voting the right way bless her
heart that was wonderful then Elizabeth
Warren join not surprising he's one of
the biggest progressives in Congress
Cory Booker then joined again couldn't
care less about his intent I care about
his votes and then all of a sudden Jeff
Merkley but once you've got Booker and
some of these other guys
Mercury's are real progressive then
Gillibrand okay I get it everybody
running for president is now having to
sign this which is awesome exactly what
you want
they Sheldon Whitehouse a guy who's
progressive quite often Tammy Baldwin
another progressive okay now we're
having now we're making progress and
this is a lot of this is in the last 24
to 48 hours and then boom brian schatz
mazie Hirono both from hawaii in a super
progressive state ed markey
progressive from massachusetts richard
blumenthal all of a sudden we're making
progress now that's a dozen senators
that are saying yeah yeah but medicare
for all that's what I meant yeah of
course medicare for all I mean I had
done that before but I'm doing it now
hey look as long as they vote the right
way I don't care how late they come as
long as they come and we actually get it
passed and obviously this is the
beginning and you've got to get other
Democrats and you've got to get the
Republicans or defeat the Republicans
and actually get it passed we're
perfectly aware of how this process
works but this is a great beginning and
we're doing it because of you guys if
you don't put the pressure on and you
don't ask your Congress meaning you
don't ask your senators why they're not
supporting this bill it's not gonna get
done so our work is nowhere near done on
the Democratic side in the Senate
there's still 36 Democrats so that is
obviously 75% of the Democrats
three-quarters of the Democrats in the
Senate still have not signed on as
co-sponsors if I was you I'd ask them
why I'm gonna show you how to do that in
a second so not on board yet
Al Franken who is gonna wait a couple
years and then once the parades are
really up and running he's gonna enjoin
it and and tell us how progressive he is
anyway Ron Wyden again on some issues a
huge progressive I don't know why he
hasn't signed yet sherrod Brown is often
considered among the top three
progresses but he has a sign somebody
should go ask him and then the
leadership Chuck Schumer dick Durbin
Chuck there's a parade you might want to
jump in front of it Chris Murphy
fighting for the public option but has a
signed up for Medicare for aldia's so
again just Democrats are on the scene we
believe in creating pressure we believe
that that's how you win in politics so
all we're doing is very very simple is
here here's a picture of the people who
have said yes and the ones who haven't
said yes yet
hey I'm not the one voting for you
you're the one voting I'm not the one
who has to talk to there
constituents you are so if you want to
say hey no I won't support what 80% of
Democrats won't want what 60% of the
country overall ones if you can't
support something that 60% of Americans
are in favor of and it is very clear
polling that that's what Medicare for
all polls that if you just said hey do
you want into Medicare Medicare pulls a
77 percent if you can't win an issue
like that what are you doing in politics
but hey it's your call not my call
you're the senator are you gonna be for
Medicare for all which is incredibly
popular or are you gonna would go with
your donors I mean what why else would
you not back something that 80% of your
voters want I don't know you tell me
and if it's not your donors what is it
the tranquilizing drug of gradualism
okay our job is to put a spotlight on
folks so we got a new petition for the
Senate justice Democrats calm slash
Bernie bill go put this one over a
hundred thousand go makes you could put
it out a million make sure that you ask
all those senators the guy picked six
there but there's a ton of them is
thirty six you could go find all those
names go to at just the stems on Twitter
and you could see that infographic you
could see exactly if your senator is
signed on or not and make sure you send
in that petition all right so they asked
Nancy Pelosi about this because given a
lot of momentum in her own house now the
overwhelming majority of Democrats in
the house what Medicare for all she
still I don't know she was I don't know
but she tells us she's a master
legislator
she said that over and over again as to
why she should be the leader master
legislator leading from behind master
legislator choosing not to legislate
interesting and when asked recently she
still said House Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi declined to back a single-payer
health care bill drafted by senator
Bernie Sanders but the pressure has
gotten so significant that even Joe
Manchin the most conservative Democrat
in the Senate said about single-payer
recently quote
it should be explored damn it's funny
how primaries have a way of clarifying
things and then once he talked to the
reporters and then went back to his
office and then his staffers said are
you nuts do you know who Dodie saw said
he said no I have no idea who my
daughters are go back and check our
interview with him he then went back and
talked to reporters and said well I'm
skeptical that Sula payer is the right
solution but we've even got Manchin
wavering we're gonna get them all it is
a deeply popular position not only for
in the Democratic Party but in the
country overall we should have health
care for everybody
medicare covers everybody it does it at
a lower cost and covers more benefits
there is no reason why we shouldn't be
letting the Medicare let's go senator on
the board is that right breaking news
like Paul Wellstone I believe health
care is a right for all Americans my
statement on co-sponsoring senator
Sanders bill by Senator Al Franken
really look at that you see that we're
doing it and immediately live because
okay all right
okay thank you jr. I did not see that
breaking news but I what do I tell you
in the last 24 to 48 hours boom boom
boom go get that petition to every
senator and you know what I always give
credit where credit is due so I was just
telling you how Frank and didn't sign on
he usually likes to be late okay nope
he's number 13 bless his heart for that
you vote the right way we'll take it and
we'll take it every time Medicare for
all let us in already help us fill the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
