now I get some heat sometimes because I
don't believe that there's enough
evidence to show the Democratic Party
actually went in and manipulated votes
and changed votes during the primaries
okay so but I do believe that they did
go ahead and change the debate schedule
they did effect which polling stations
were closed and not closed and they did
everything they could to make sure that
their favorite candidate Hillary Clinton
won and so I don't want to get into the
definitions of rage or not rigged but
was it obvious that the DNC wanted
Hillary Clinton win of course you could
read the emails you can see their
actions let's put you know debates in
the middle of the night against football
and I have as little as possible because
God forbid we should have the national
spotlight and want to get our own
progressive ideas out the Republicans
will have 58 debates and they will pound
Republican messages home will have six
debates and try to wrap this thing up
because we love Hillary Clinton that is
super obvious at this point so that's
the past but now they have a very
interesting trick that they are planning
to play for 2020 and I want to give you
a heads up on it so that we're not
trying to scramble fighting this well
after it's already passed and and three
years down the road so they want to move
up to California primary now why do they
want to do that that seems innocuous let
me read you a quote from Politico here
if adopted by the legislature
legislature this week as is widely
expected and signed into law by Governor
Jerry Brown the early primary would
allocate California's massive Hall of
Delegates just after the nation's first
contest in Iowa New Hampshire Nevada and
South Carolina now look I live in
California I like California to have a
bigger voice that sounds pretty good
okay so what's the issue here just think
about it for a second who's from
California oh right the person that all
the Hillary Clinton donors and staffers
are flocking to , Harris in fact here
let's quote Politico and they don't
point this out at all they're just
giving facts like oh this is a wonderful
entry
saying you know legislation they have no
opinion on it I'm the one connecting the
dots here so the earlier primary could
benefit at least two potential
presidential contenders from California
United States senator Carla Harris and
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti while
jeopardizing the prospects of other
candidates who will struggle to raise
enough early money to compete in
expensive media markets and the nation's
most populous state look is it all a
smoke-filled room plot to make sure
Carla Harris wins I don't think I do I
never believed the smoke-filled rooms I
don't believe in conspiracies I believe
that it is people serving their
self-interest that wind up getting to
this situation even if it's not Carla
Harris
and my jury's out on her policies so I'm
not dead set against her I just know
that it is a noteworthy that a lot of
the Hillary donors and and and staffers
are flocking to her potential campaign
that's all it doesn't mean that our
positions are bad but even if it's not
her you move the California primary out
with all of those votes on line number
most populous state well if it's not
Bernie Sanders which progressive is
gonna have enough name recognition early
enough to be able to compete in
California which progressive isn't going
to have enough money early enough in the
primaries to compete in California in
fact Don Fowler knows this Don Fowler is
Clinton 101 he is a former head of the
DNC and and totally team establishment
team Clinton Fowler says in all
probability that whenever the California
primary would be the nominee so this is
not an accident this is not Oh golly gee
oho I don't know anything about this no
it's dawn Fowler going let's move up the
California primary and by the way who
else is in California the power brokers
that would help beside the selection
Dianne Feinstein totally guessing
repairs totally against progress Tolia
has changed no maybe later Jesus senator
Feinstein you're what are you 84 when is
later Nancy Pelosi not single-payer nope
not not in favor of it No
we're gonna do gradualism we're gonna do
the establishment I'm really good at
raising money and so they will help
decide our nominee great can't wait more
about the money first candidates who are
able to raise more money early on will
likely welcome the change since
California is a notoriously expensive
state in which to compete due to the
size and multiple television markets so
if you're gonna do the Bernie Sanders
strategy and you're not Bernie Sanders
saying you don't have the name
recognition you need time to build up
your campaign they saw that unfold in
2016 they saw that he got stronger and
stronger as he went along his
fundraising went got bigger and bigger
as it went along if you put the giant
California primary in the beginning of
that process instead of at the end of
that process goodnight Irene you're
never gonna be able to raise enough
money to run ads in California the
state's to bait the markets are too big
Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego this
is not a coincidence
you put the California primary that
early and you're rigging it for the
establishment and so how do populist
progressives win they do what's called
retail campaigning you meet more people
you do rallies like Bernie did and you
build up momentum and again political
doesn't mean this at all they never talk
about the establishment in the piece
they just lay these things out like
innocently okay so they say and and they
go back to Fowler Fowler said that a
retail candidate cannot compete in
California it's just physically and
financially impossible so it's not like
the Clinton Ally doesn't know what he's
pushing for here he does know and he's
almost joyous about it like you're never
gonna catch on to this and why would
California not want to move up their
primary and have more say it's an easy
win and then once we get to the
primaries we're gonna go did a
progressive candidate not enough have
enough time to win all those ballots in
in in California
golly gee so if you're in California no
say no I know it's tough to say no but
don't worry about your self-interest
worry about what the right thing to do
here is and by the way if Bernie
run which is an egg still a very good
chance that he will he'll win California
easily he has more name recognition than
even the California senators like Carla
Harris and so I don't know if he's gonna
run but even so it's not fair
and by the way it wouldn't be fair to
even anyone running against Bernie
Sanders Bernie
the reason Hillary Clinton won the last
primary is because Bernie couldn't close
the lead he closed the sixty point late
but he couldn't close it quick enough
because Hillary Clinton had overwhelming
name recognition and in the beginning
had overwhelming money how is anyone
going to beat Bernie Sanders or if he's
not running an establishment candidate
with all that money and all that name
recognition that quickly they're not
going to be able to so the establishment
might be unwittingly setting a trap for
themselves thinking Bernie's not going
to run Bernie's not gonna run and we're
gonna steamroll any other progressive
that doesn't have enough name
recognition I understand the trick so
you know they talk about
three-dimensional chess and never play
this actually is three-dimensional chess
and it is being played out three years
ahead of time but we see you so I vote
no even if it were to help Bernie on
principle I vote no so look I don't know
that condi sprung it just like that I
mean it was so quick I don't know that
you've got enough time to go talk to
your legislators in California and tell
them the vote no man they got a thousand
tricks up their sleeves and it's never
about getting enough votes or convincing
our people that they have the right
policies it's just about how do we move
the levers of power to get our guys in
the office right or wrong well at least
now because the internet we see you
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like a TYT Network comm /join
