recently the Miss America pageant
happened and usually the contestants
will make news because some of their
answers weren't necessarily too bright
let's keep it real but this time around
a lot of the questions were extremely
political and a lot of the answers were
thoughtful and deserves some credit so
let's start off with Marg Ana would
she's actually Miss Texas and she was
asked about Donald Trump's reaction to
the hate crimes in charlottesville right
and of course he got criticism for it
and considering she's from Texas I was
curious to see what her reaction to that
question would be and here's what she
had to say I think that the white
supremacist issue it was very obvious
that it was a terrorist attack and I
think that President Donald Trump should
have made a statement earlier addressing
the fact and making sure all Americans
feel safe in this country that is the
number one issue right now great answer
that is a good answer
absolutely um so apparently she's facing
some backlash I don't know like I
haven't seen any public figure you know
criticize her for it I'm sure people on
Twitter or something like that have
criticized her but that was a good
answer yeah yeah of course people online
criticize her because those people are
the ones that support the all right and
think that white supremacy is awesome
so especially cuz she's from Texas they
probably and she's white they probably
feel like even more betrayed wait why
aren't you for white people only
well she's not so Saturday for you sorry
that you got triggered by that so let's
go to Miss New Jersey she was asked
about the Confederate statues when asked
about whether Confederate statue should
be removed or stay in place Miss New
Jersey said they should be relocated
into museum so let me give you her exact
answer we are truly defined by our
country's history and I don't think it's
something that we need to forget we need
to always remember it and honor our
history of America because it truly
makes us who we are as Americans so they
should be moved to museums which I look
I think she was trying to play both
sides a little bit in that answer but I
ultimately agree with her conclusion
yeah you take these Confederate statues
away from public lands like state houses
and courthouses and things like that and
you put them in their proper context so
if you want to remember American history
let's remember American history in its
proper context either put in a
Confederate cemetery or museum that has
something to do with American history
where you can actually describe and
explain you know who these figures were
and what they did yeah
so she gave a nuanced answer and I think
she is somewhat playing both side but
it's okay look they're not politicians
eh I disagree with the first part of our
answer we don't have to honor those
Americans because they weren't Americans
they were Confederates and they betrayed
America and committed treason so I don't
have to honor them at all but I agree
with her that they should be an aide
maybe see him because they are a part of
history
absolutely and then finally I want to go
to miss North Dakota her name is Cara
Monde and she was asked about Donald
Trump's decision to pull out of the
parent Paris climate agreement these are
like super political questions I
actually surprised and also delighted
that they talked about some important
stuff here's what Karen Mudd had to say
I do believe it's a bad decision to pull
out of the Paris climate agreement once
we reject that we take ourselves out of
the negotiation table and that's
something that we really need to keep in
mind there is evidence that climate
change is existing so whether you
believe it or not we need to be at that
table and I think it's just a bad
decision on behalf of the United States
that's also kind of a sophisticated
answer yeah right it's not to say like
and and they maybe they trained for this
but if they did great job of course they
trained for it no no meaning like were
they gonna get this level of political
questions and to be able to play off
both sides because she didn't say that
climate change is absolutely real and
then we shouldn't pulled out of Paris on
those grants she's saying well we should
be at the negotiating table no she did
say it's real she said there is evidence
that climate change is existing no I
hear you it just still it's not like a
super liberal answer it's kind of saying
like well shouldn't we be at the
negotiating table anyway either way so
well anyway bless their hearts
interesting sophisticated answer is once
I don't all agree with even if they
calculated to get both sides I think
they calculated
well they did yeah absolutely I'm
totally fine with their answers and
again I like the fact that they're
focusing on questions that matter I mean
in the past they have as well right yeah
remember the Iraq war question that was
asked years ago I think that was like my
first year second year at TYT was that
Miss Teen South Carolina yes somebody
who had like the worst answer ever go
back and find that clip of our seer in
fact we'll put a link of the in the
description box for you because that was
high larious okay last thing is so
they're Miss America not connect to the
Trump Trump used to own Miss Universe
but nonetheless I'm happy that these
pageants are finally getting their you
know some smart contestants who were
given good answers because as someone
formerly involved in the process being
mr. Jamaica the process I went to Puerto
Rico to the Miss Universe contest
my girlfriend was Miss Jamaica obviously
mr. Jamaica and so I'm proud to see that
these women are doing great and and are
representing their states well in this
case okay great like as as you know as
we represented Jamaica back in the day
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like a TYT Network comm /join
