a study set to be published in research
and politics looked into the issue of
housing affordability and housing
assistance and the researchers wanted to
see whether or not Trump supporters are
more inclined to be supportive or not so
supportive if the housing assistance
would go toward black people okay so let
me tell you how this study goes when
exposed to the image of a black man
white Trump supporters were less likely
to back a federal mortgage aid per
program favorability toward Trump was a
key measure for how strong this effect
was now they also wanted to do this
study comparing minority Trump
supporters to the white Trump supporters
to see if there were any differences but
apparently there weren't enough minority
Trump supporters to do a representative
or a large enough sample to do the study
appropriately now researchers did deploy
this survey experiment by sampling more
than 700 white people on their support
housing assistance programs respondents
were randomly assigned a subtle image of
either a black or a white man the image
of a black man greatly impacted
responses among Trump supporters after
they were exposed to the black racial
cue they were not only less supportive
of housing assistance programs but they
also expressed higher levels of anger
that some people receive government
assistance and were more likely to say
that individuals who receive assistance
are to blame for their situation
okay this is deeply depressing there's
some important caveats to this it's not
the whole country so Hillary Clinton
supporters it didn't make a difference
if they were white or black and in fact
for among liberals and conservatives go
nuts over this there was a little bit of
a reverse effect
now the researchers say that it might
have been because they think well a
progressive might think that a black
person is more disadvantaged in America
so housing assistant makes more sense
for them
where
is for a white person they might be more
assigned more personal responsibility
one that might be the researchers making
excuses for them - it's not right
anywhere you slice it you should treat
them exactly the same but three for the
Trump supporters
but oh I should say three for the
Liberals who saw was cued by a white
guy's image and then marked down housing
assistance a little bit they did not
then also say I'm worried about crime I
don't believe in government at all all
the other things that Trump supporters
also got triggered into so it was only
on that one portion not on all the rest
of the things that the Trump supporters
then in this case literally got
triggered by and they got triggered by a
blunt just a subtle image of a black guy
and they're like that's it housing
assistance is bad in fact the whole
government is bad it's for government
handouts and and you know we and we have
a real problem with crime in America I
mean that just a tiny little bit thing I
triggered all those negative thoughts in
them which then is the depressing part
and and I think that even at this late
stage I still don't understand the
degree to which a certain percentage of
the country is deeply racist yeah well I
mean I think we're learning and we're
getting a better sense of that but what
also fascinates me is the fact that you
know these housing assistance programs
wouldn't just help black people they
help everyone anyone who can't afford a
home and need some government assistance
right and so think about these Trump
supporters and how they're willing to
shoot themselves in the foot just so
they can be able to deny black people
housing assistance like you think that
unaffordable housing only impacts black
people no it impacts everyone first of
all of course White's get more housing
assistance than blacks in the country
now you the percentages might be
different and that's a fair point but
overall there's a lot more white people
in the country have more white people
get housing assistance now and by the
way if you're
liberal who got triggered into saying
well no maybe we shouldn't have as much
housing assistance don't be preposterous
doesn't matter if a white person or a
black person is getting if they need
assistance and we think it's the right
thing to do as a society instead of
letting them wander around homeless then
we should do housing assistance it
shouldn't matter at all of their races
but to me the all that parade of
horribles that got triggered by just
seeing a subtle image of a black guy is
amazing because if you ask those people
they'll say they're not racist of course
almost all I mean there was a Grand
Wizard of the KKK after Charlottesville
got interviewed he said no I'm not
racist I just think why people are
superior to black people am I correct no
one ever wants to say they're racist so
but even those guys they might not say
outwardly racist things the ones in the
study right yes but it's in the back of
their head black guy means scary black
guys don't deserve it and that is buried
in unfortunately millions tens of
millions of people's heads in in America
and and and that has consequences then
that has effects including electing a
guy like Trump who then goes after
minorities rather they call
tough-on-crime he's like maybe
encourages the cops to be you know to
rough people up going after immigrants
going after Muslims etc yeah and and you
know that is unfortunately Trump's
winning strategy which is what these
researchers really wanted to look into
like anytime he seems to struggle with
you know the legislative process and
accomplishing anything that way he
usually turns toward some sort of you
know racial issue some sort of race
baiting
and and it works it works with his base
because look you also have to keep in
mind that you know the lower the
socioeconomic status for some of his
voters the more likely they are to latch
onto that racial divide and that's
because it's a scapegoat it's an easy
distraction it's an easy way to place
the blame for their economic issues on
someone who's even less who has even
less power than they do and and that's
the incredible thing like we're all in
this together
right we're all gonna suffer from bad
policies and and current policies that
are hurting us and instead of focusing
on fighting those policies fighting
those who are in power who continuously
screw us over
we're allowing ourselves to get
completely distracted by fighting the
most powerless people in the country
yeah and and by the way to be to give
you a more context to be more fair to
Republicans it this the researchers say
did not apply to all Republicans it was
more specific to Trump supporters yes so
if you're a Republican because you want
bigger tax cuts well then we might have
different issues with you but you don't
necessarily think black people don't
deserve anything and are gonna bring you
greater crime so so don't make
assumptions about all Republicans and
part of the reason I bring that up is
because it's important and the other
part is because politically it's
relevant it doesn't mean that 75% of the
country is deeply racist it means
probably 25% of the country is now that
is a depressingly large number and we
can see it in you in are you thirty five
percent depending on how you want to
count based on polling or the percentage
of the vote it's cetera right but that's
a big big number but it is not the
majority and let's also remember Barack
Obama did win that doesn't mean that
there's racism as solved in the country
but it means that there were enough
people to vote for an at least an
african-american candidate twice and so
don't don't give up on America yet but
at the same time understand that this is
real it exists and put politically how
it is used because when Trump brings up
Latinos or black people so Central Park
five they didn't do it they did it was
so a case from a long time ago Trump
thought they should have been executed
it took a full ad in The New York Times
to say to execute the kids we find out
decades later that they were wrongly
convicted they found the right person
who actually did do it
Trump afterwards says who cares they
should have been in jail anyway we
shouldn't let him go that's the most
unbelievable and one of the most deeply
racist things I've ever heard
but they that doesn't hurt them
politically it helps them because you
cued your whether conscious or
subconsciously racist voters black man
oh I'm scared I'm gonna vote for Trump
and it's amazing how that works and it's
also depressing how that works but it is
a real phenomenon and the more we know
it the more armed we are to be able to
defeat it help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
