youtuber PewDiePie has gotten himself
into more trouble with some of the
comments that he's made more recently he
did a live stream of a video game he was
playing and during that live stream he
decided to use the n-word to insult
someone who did something during that
game that he did not like now in the
video PewDiePie can be seen getting
frustrated with another player and
shouting to him
what a fucking n-word and he said it
fully with the ER at the end before
immediately correcting himself and
saying sorry but what the fuck what a
fucking asshole then he also later on
continued to kind of make excuses for
using that word the other player did a
dick move and I tried to think of the
worst word and I end up using the n-word
I know that no one watching gives a shit
okay so now PewDiePie has gotten in
trouble in the past his videos have
gotten demonetized he was kicked off of
YouTube bread which is the subscription
component of YouTube because of
anti-semitic jokes that he was making
and you know he was not happy about that
and he seemed a little apologetic and
remorseful but then he pulls this and
he's further getting punished as a
result of his latest issue in fact Shawn
vanaman who is part of Campo Santo games
has decided to pull copyright
infringement the the video game version
of copyright infringement against
PewDiePie in the videos where he uses
their video games okay so let me give
you some of Shawn's tweets he says we're
filing a DMCA that's known as Digital
Millennium Copyright Act takedown of
pewdiepies Firewatch content and any
future Campo Santo games he continues to
write I'm sick of this child getting
more and more chances to make money off
of what we make he's worse than a
closeted racist he's a propagator of
despicable garbage that does real damage
to the culture around this industry now
if you check you'll see the PewDiePie's
full playthrough a fire watch from 2016
which was viewed 5.7 million
is currently unavailable so now video
game developers are taking action
against him and it's an interesting case
I do I think it's very interesting III
meant PewDiePie I'm gonna talk about
that in a sec but I want to let you guys
know we're doing a poll because I think
that's a super interesting question as
to whether they should have done that at
Firewatch so the poll is tea white tea
network.com /pi all apologies to Johnny
by him this is for PewDiePie should
video game developers issue copyright
strikes on PewDiePie really curious what
you guys think so let me tell you what I
think so I made PewDiePie on one of
these YouTube get the others and he
seemed like a perfectly lovely guy now
did I spend hours and hours of them no
do I know him personally
no not well enough right it was a normal
midsize conversation and he's like but I
but I give you that context because with
some folks you can tell right off the
bat that they're a dick and like you're
like if you said to me that I won't name
names that guy had an issue with using
Nazi imagery to Santa and we're not
surprised right with PewDiePie I'm
significantly surprised now I think I
have a theory as to why so he after
charlottesville he said he won't be
using the Nazi imagery and stuff anymore
because he was he saw boy they're real
and it's actually happening right which
I give him credit for like I don't and I
might be totally wrong about this but I
don't get a sense of bad intent from
PewDiePie what I get a sense of is we're
past this stuff so I'm joking around
about it because it's no big deal
and that's why he says nobody watching
is gonna give a shit cuz he assumes that
everybody else thinks like he does I'm
really giving the benefit of doubt here
you guys make your own call on it but he
assumes I think like that that they
think like he does which is you don't
actually hate black people you don't
actually hate Jews so now since were
past that I could make anti-semitic
jokes or use the n-word now don't get me
wrong
he shouldn't it isn't right because we
are not past it I mean earlier today we
did a story about a black kid who got
hyung or biracial kid in New Hampshire
with a rope and they wouldn't be kids
who hung him wouldn't even rescue him
they left him there to die
luckily he didn't so we're not past it
yeah I can it we don't have to go
anecdotal we can give you exact
statistics about racial disparities in
this country let alone across the world
so and and he and even in the context of
this he said well I mean I said the
n-word about him because he's a fucking
asshole but think about that PewDiePie
right huh he's a really miss Felix but
which public is that well then you're
using that as a clearly very derogatory
word and it is about black people so he
knows it's a derogatory word I mean he
admitted it himself later on in that
same stream where he said I wanted to
think of the worst word possible and I
used that word but I think what he means
there is like that's a word you know you
should use about people because they're
so bad yeah but but they use it against
black people and so when you say like
that's the worst word in that context
you're calling someone that look either
take that to a point where you say well
then you shouldn't call anyone a dick
because that's disparaging to two males
or you shouldn't call them a pussy
because that's disparaging to women and
some people do make that argument I
would you know and I get that argument
but I ain't pulling anybody's videos off
of that argument right but the n-word is
different Nazi imagery is definitely
different right so but it's but it's do
you pull his videos do you put a
copyright strike up first of all yes if
you are a video game developer who finds
his behavior and his rhetoric
objectionable that you have every right
in the world to do those copyright
strikes and that's what that video game
developer decided to do it's within his
right to do it I actually want to tackle
this story from a different angle rather
than trying to determine whether or not
he's racist because I don't know
PewDiePie I don't know what his
intentions are I don't know what goes
through his head and so whatever right
but what I do want to mention is you
know this emergence of people whining
and crying because YouTube demonetised
some of their videos or some poor
of their videos and look the reason why
that happens is because advertisers all
of a sudden realized that there are a
bunch of assholes on YouTube that say a
bunch of really terrible racist things
and so what happens in a free market
everyone's always talking about the free
market free market isn't just like hey
we get to decide where we work and where
we buy stuff free market also indicates
that companies decide what they do with
their money are they gonna advertise on
content that they find objectionable no
and so what happened is all of a sudden
advertisers are afraid of everything on
YouTube right and so everyone got
demonetised
okay everyone's business has got
affected right so if you're gonna run
around saying the N word and use the
Nazi imagery yeah some of your videos
are gonna get to monetize homeboy if
you're gonna go to Tucker Carlson and
why and crying bitch because you lost
some money on YouTube for putting out
all sorts of race and shit no shit of
course that's gonna happen that's how it
works that's how it would work in
television that's how it works in radio
that's how it works online they're gonna
say objectionable things that companies
are uncomfortable with they're not gonna
advertise on your videos yeah now I
understand that actually it screws over
all of us cuz then videos got D
monetized for fighting against racism
because they talked about racism right
you screwed over everybody hold on I
gotta finish this okay so on the other
hand my opinion is no don't do a
copyright strike and take down the
entire video this is exactly the kind of
situation that he's not an unreasonable
person he's not an insane person we can
actually have a conversation and maybe
fix it maybe get to to have the whole
country and maybe the YouTube community
learn from it instead of shutting down
the speech all together so I get that
the company can do whatever they want
and it's so it's their call not my call
but I wouldn't have done it instead I
they engage in a conversation with
PewDiePie I think something fruitful can
come out of that I disagree I think that
they have all the right in the world I
would have done the same thing I would
have pulled my content from him and his
his channel that's why we have the poll
you guys tell us what you think qit
membership gives your commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network's show
and support independent media TYT
Network calm / joy
