in Jane Pauley's interview with Hillary
Clinton she has another important
question this one luckily has the right
answer let's watch is your political
career over yes as an active politician
it's over you will never be a cannibal
I'm four I am done with being a
candidate but I am not done with
politics because I literally believe
that our country's future is at stake oh
she's done running
oh thanks God okay the Clinton ambition
is unbridled so that was not a foregone
conclusion and there's a lot of talk out
there like oh you're maybe maybe no not
maybe don't call me maybe so okay that's
a good thing but you know what I want to
give her credit here for the last part
of the answer so a lot of people say go
away go back in the woods we will run
that poll to be honest okay that is if
you're going to run for office again and
I disagree with her on her view of the
Democratic Party and will fight her on
that but that's okay but if you say no
I'm going to stay in the fight I'm not
gonna run as a politician but I'm gonna
stay in the fight and fight for the
things I believe in for example against
Donald Trump well then here here no no
need to go back in the woods put on your
walking shoes as Obama claimed he was
gonna do and get out there you know what
don't leave it at going on it fancy TV
shows with your fancy friends don't
leave it at writing fancy books and get
and paid a lot of money for it actually
put on your walking shoes let me see you
in North Dakota the next time there's a
standing Rock let me see you at a
protest let me see you at a strike let
me let me see you at civil disobedience
to get money out of politics could you a
match and right now I know what all of
you are thinking no I can't imagine but
if you want to join that fight even if
on a side we don't agree with but as
long as you're fighting for what you
think is best for the country will then
God bless there's nothing wrong with
that and and I welcome that whether it's
with us or slightly against us and if
it's against Donald Trump I welcome it
even further as long as they are not
going down the wrong path of running
more establishment candidates we need
all that will help we can get in terms
of fighting in the right direction
together and if she becomes more
progressive and by the way that often
happens once they leave office and they
don't have to take big donor money
anymore a lot of times even Republicans
will wake up and go wait a minute well I
don't we have single-payer health care
that's weird oh right I was getting paid
not to have single-payer health care now
you might think that's imputing our
motives it doesn't matter what
honors is what's going forward and my
guess is if she's not kind of the donors
anymore you might be surprised you might
become more and more progressive even if
I'm wrong about that have at it Hoss as
long as you're not gonna run for
president and have people go back in the
wrong direction
keep fighting sister TYT membership gets
your commercial-free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
