right now to lead off the top of the
show I'm very excited to have our first
guest he's he's a former Occupy Wall
Street activist he was a Bernie delegate
in 2016 he got his law degree now he
helps out his community in the Bronx he
was born he's a first generation
American born to Dominican parents and
he's running for City Council in New
York City and that's why I wanted to
have a mom he's a real progressive now I
knew I'm gonna butcher his name but it's
Randy Abreu Randy is that how you say
your name that's perfect you me
oh you breathe Oh fantastic now thanks
for making time for us what brought you
to my attention was in fact I don't
think we met last year at this
convention did we Randy I don't think we
came across each other I know the great
Jimmy Dore but I think that okay so I'd
this video of the person you're running
against and I'm gonna play this for you
and you know he talks about it's harder
to being rich and so I'm gonna play this
video and then I want to get your
reaction to it okay here we go
do you know it's harder being rich than
being poor I know you don't believe what
I just said but being rich you got more
responsibility you have more things when
you work 9:00 to 5:00 and you just
maintaining okay I got my thing what you
are rich you'll have more things to work
millionaire people they have a lot of
stuff to worry about more stuff to
manage more say it is really there got
there because of their ability to handle
more pressure every CEO every impressive
they got in there and stay there it's
because of their ability to handle
pressure
they had increase their capacity you
know why your boss pays you what he pays
you because of your capacity Wow
so so he's right all those millionaires
got there because of their ability you
know just just ask George Bush
Chelsea Clinton or Luke Russert hey man
wait a minute now George Bush do you
know how hard it was for his dad to
to Yale with a C average and then let
him not have to go in the Vietnam War
and cover up his cocaine and his duis
and you know how hard that it was hard
you know it's like these rich people
it's like who's gonna feed the polo
horses do you know what I mean like this
is like how so Randy let me get here let
me get me let me get Randy's reaction to
that because that's the gentleman you're
running against correct that's my
opponent that's in my communities
councilmember for the last eight years
it's it still gets my blood boiling
every time I watch that I think like oh
yeah of course what color BMW are we
gonna buy this week where are we gonna
fake Asian this Christmas these are the
tough decisions and it completely goes
over everyone's head because the worst
part about it is he's saying that in the
district he represents we are one of the
poorest districts in America and that's
not to say the Bronx is full of light
and it's awful over here there's a lot
of potential there's a lot of
opportunity but if we don't have a
leader that's looking towards the bottom
and can identify what's good about us
and we're not going anywhere so when you
have a leader that apologizes for the
rich feeds us corporate Democratic
talking points saying like look how hard
these people have it and those at the
bottom aren't really working hard enough
they don't want it they just want to
continue to receive what they want I
don't think that's true I think every
person that I meet here in the Bronx has
a great story every person that I meet
here in the Bronx has goals and has
dreams but if we're continuously fed
these stories that you're not working
hard enough it's your fault you don't
have the capacity and our self-esteem is
gonna drop you see that with voter
turnout you see that with career
attainment and you see those educational
attainments we don't have anyone
inspiring us to work harder and that
leads us to where we are right now it's
discussing that this person would say
that and still lead us in the City
Council it's clear that we need to get
them out so how does that happen how
does someone who's from the Bronx who
Garner's enough votes and support from
other people in the Bronx to say
something like that that he did what
have what happened to him do you think
that he was that the donors get to him
is that
what happened exactly Jimmy follow the
money follow the money it's it's crazy
that we think we say this all the time
follow the money and we are the ones
that do the actual research and we show
everyone this is where the money is in
2013 when my opponent ran for
re-election he was funded handsomely by
the Real Estate Board of New York and
this is the same real estate board of
the or D special interests of New York
City that controls politicians that
makes things move in their favor so that
their profits expand at the same time
you have a councilman who represents one
of the poorest communities where
development is making its way here where
the rents are increasing to a point
where nothing is affordable for us
anymore so who does he represent the
people that voted him in the the 7%
turnout of people that voted him in or
the real estate Wall Street guys down
downtown that fund him in his elections
it's easy for me to see who he
represents Wow okay so that makes sense
that makes sense
ha what do people say about like I can't
I I don't mean to harp on his one
statement for the whole interview we
won't we'll move on after this I promise
and we're gonna get to your agenda but
how did the people were you there that
night he said that and if you weren't
how did the people react that you talked
to afterwards who have seen this video
there's two there are two sides to this
story because he did say that had a
sermon in his church a few months ago I
wasn't there he himself puts the videos
online he live streams this thing it's
not like any that's not like this was
gotcha journalism this is you're seeing
the man who represents us this is truly
who he is and the people that were in
the church that day some of them I have
spoken to some of them say look yet I
did find that repulsive when I heard it
other people who have followed him for
over a decade now just say that's just
the kind of person he is rich people do
have hard lives what do you complain so
these are poor people who are buying
into what he's saying and then anyone
else in mind you it's again 8 percent
voter turnout there it's about 90% of
the people 160,000 residents
in this district it's about 90% of the
people that don't know who he is and and
and that's not a mistake in my opinion
that is social engineering at its best
so so they they want him to fly
underneath the radar so he can keep
being reelected by that same 8% of the
people who show up to vote so what what
is your plan now how do you plan to get
more people out to the polls we've
identified we call them crime voters
people that continuously come out and
vote in elections we've identified them
we've given them our message while
comparing myself to the incumbent a lot
of people have said they want to go with
us even people that said that they voted
for him before our voting for us now in
that same vein we have to continue in
the promise of what senator Sanders
started last year we're building
momentum we're building a political
future that we all want to see that we
know is best for ourselves and we're
getting people registered to vote only
64% of people in my district were
registered to vote before this campaign
we'll see where the numbers are after
this campaign but we were just there
hundreds of people throughout this
campaign and continue to share the
message young people older people the
community has different issues that
relates everyone especially when you get
above anyone over 40 years old
affordable housing is the biggest issue
in our community and that goes right
back to the real estate Lobby that has
there that that might be incumbent the
guy him up against he's in their pocket
so what can you do to affect housing
prices in the Bronx what can you do as a
city councilperson
there's one major project that's
happening that this is where we can
actually get it done and this is where
we can have a vision move forward and do
it in a way that no one else is talking
about because we ourselves my campaign
we're not beholding to the real-estate
interest we have the interest of the
community this project is called Jerome
Avenue rezoning anyone from New York
City especially anyone from the Bronx
knows the four train that takes you to
Yankee Stadium it rides in the Bronx
along Jerome Avenue the entire corridor
of Jerome Avenue basically the entire
thing will be rezone from auto mechanic
shops to residential buildings New York
City
the mayor all of the agencies call the
apartments that are coming in affordable
when you look deeper into the policies
of what they count as affordable housing
you'll see that to qualify for many of
these apartments you'll need to have an
income of thirty five forty thousand
dollars a year and up it's no secret
that here in my district the average
salary falls somewhere around twenty
five thousand dollars a year for a
household of three or four so we don't
qualify for some of these apartments
that are gonna open up we don't qualify
for any of these apartments that are
gonna open up so when you build these
apartment buildings in our community and
you call them affordable the real
question is affordable for who but
there's not affordable for us and we
can't stay in the buildings we're in now
because current laws in New York State
don't allow us to lower the rent and
it's getting more and more difficult to
freeze the red so these new apartment
buildings they create the big
opportunity it's the great change that
we can have here in the Bronx but if we
don't have a leader in office that's
gonna talk about the policies behind
inclusionary affordable housing we're
not gonna get anywhere what I want to do
is bring deeper levels of affordability
make sure that everyone that's currently
in the district who makes anywhere
between fifteen to thirty thousand
dollars a year which is over half of us
actually gets an apartment to stay in
moving forward and that's just a housing
crisis we have a small-business crisis
going on same culprit real estate and
landlord Lobby doesn't want to continous
them live and then we just have no
vision for the future of our community
we have all these young people who want
to aspire to be engineers scientists
technicians lawyers why don't we focus
on their future
why don't we invest in their future and
make sure that they can live their best
life these are the issues that we've
been bringing up there in the campaign
things that no one has been talking
about especially the incumbent the man
I'm up against eight years in office
he's seen our incomes decrease he's seen
poverty increase in asthma has increased
in our community this is all since he
took office in 2010 at the height of the
Great Recession
so when Bernie Sanders talks about looks
at the Great Recession income despair
have increased the the bridge the 1%
they're getting wealthier and the poor
they're actually getting poorer I'm
seeing that every day in my community
and I can't stand to see that I can't
stand to see us fail we've seen it
happen in other parts of the country
I've seen it happen in other parts in
New York City and we're gonna take a
stand and that's why this election means
so much
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens there's a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
