Equifax is facing a massive class action
lawsuit following the announcement of a
massive security breach which indicates
that hackers have accessed the personal
data of over 143 million Americans
Bloomberg has described this as an
unprecedented hack it compromised the
private information of about 143 million
people now users alleged that Equifax
was negligent in failing to protect
consumer data choosing to save money
instead of spending on technical
safeguards that could have stopped the
attack data revealed included Social
Security numbers addresses driver's
license data and birth dates some credit
card information was also put at risk I
would argue that the credit card
information is the last thing to worry
about when you consider the fact that
social security numbers are out there
and once someone has access to your
social security number especially people
with ill intent they can do some pretty
terrible things with that information
now the fine people over in Equifax
found out about this security breach
back in July and they have just
announced it but another thing to keep
in mind is that this class-action
lawsuit is alleging that some of the
executives over at Equifax had sold
their stocks in days following this
security breach to the tune of 1.7
million dollars I believe and so she I
wonder why they did that they're saying
that they didn't have knowledge about
the hack prior to selling their stocks
all right so let's break this down first
of all they're only assumed for seventy
billion dollars so this is as big a
lawsuit as as you'll find and this is
about half the country that it affects
so if all of our private information I
mean look to the right of you look to
the left of you well one of you has had
your information compromised so probably
us not probably almost certainly and and
and you guys if you're watching so let
me give you another twist of this story
that should concern everyone so Equifax
and uh it's lobbying arm has been
fighting a certain
consumer protection rules one of those
rules has to do with class-action
lawsuits and so if you were worried that
you were implicated in the security
breach and you went to Equifax a--'s
website where they allow you to search
to see whether or not you're at risk you
should have read the fine print because
the fine print indicates that you are
waiving your right to a class-action
lawsuit if you search your name in that
database it is insane and that is
exactly why you need the Consumer
Protection Bureau which fights
aggressively to prevent that type of
behavior from happening but under the
trump administration things are likely
to change so these are all things that
you should keep in mind the Consumer
Protection Bureau is there to protect
you the consumer yes so often these
these situations that you agree to terms
and conditions just in our routine
taking out of apps or whatever else they
force arbitration instead of your real
ability to sue and when Anna's talking
about is that in this case so that's a
they're forcing arbitration that's in
the terms and conditions of what Anna's
talking about where you look for your
stuff and you make sure that you weren't
part of this hack and if you were hey
we're gonna provide you with our service
free for a year but you're gonna agree
that you'll just arbitrate this should
there be any problem and that then means
you can't be part of any class-action
suit and any kind of any kind of way to
seriously pay off what is a huge piece
of damage to your reputation to your
ability to conduct basic commerce in
life right I mean it's your say Anna
this is devastating it is devastating
especially considering you know the
sensitivity of the data that these
hackers have access to it's likely to be
sold on the dark web now and it's gonna
cause all sorts of problems for you know
hundreds of millions of Americans so
luckily it's not about sensitive
information no they have everything so
this is as bad as it gets look on the
one hand I want to give a little bit of
context here look people are hacking is
a hell of a thing and it's really hard
to keep track of it's really hard to
prevent and and so I have some sympathy
for them in that regard and then I have
some sympathy in that they
then announce it immediately because
they're gonna have to take a lot of
precautions and you got to make sure
that you've got everything straightened
out before you let people know and then
the panic begins right so having said
that if you're a mom-and-pop shop and
you got a restaurant and you took some
credit-card bills and some jerk hacked
you Jesus you didn't have enough money
for security I hear you if you're
Equifax and you have a hundred and forty
three million people's information no
it's incumbent upon you to take
tremendous precautions to make sure
that's the heart of your business so
you've got to take those precautions now
again I don't begrudge them the taking a
month to figure out how to announce this
news and in the case of the three
executives who sold their stock after
the company knew but before the public
knew and made 1.7 million dollars or two
or sold 1.7 million dollars worth of
stock well let's give context there to
it could be that these executives are
super rich so you'd have to look at the
period of time is it different than a
normal three-day period or a week or
whenever they sold it off maybe they'd
sell off 1.7 million dollars all the
time etc but if you find but you should
look into it and yes you see should yeah
there will probably yeah and if you're
looking to it and you find out no it is
not at all normal and all of a sudden
right after they found out about the
hack these three executives who knew has
sold 1.7 million dollars of stock with
insider knowledge that they have it the
public didn't know and it is not within
any range of normal they should go to
prison yeah that's how it goes that's
how it's supposed to go but we know how
it really goes okay then do we have a
government anymore
this is the right wing says that like oh
we were oh boy a rule of law we don't
have a government anymore we don't have
a country anymore well if white collar
criminals can commit fraud and at and
criminal acts any time they want well
then it what we're saying is we're not a
democracy anymore the law only applies
to the middle class and the poor but the
rich can do whatever they want and it's
gross so again they have to investigate
it I'm not saying by definition it is
but if they found out that it is insider
information they should get
we go to jail and then lastly the Anna's
right the most egregious part of this is
is is the part where they have you sign
away your rights I mean think about it
okay we screwed up Equifax and so all of
your private information is out there it
could cause you tremendous damage so in
order for you to figure out how to fix
the damage you come to our site and then
huh I tricked you you came to our site
you just signed away your rights to sue
us no that's not remotely acceptable so
I don't know if the government will ever
protect the average American or all they
do is protect the rich and the
multinational corporations but we're
gonna find out we're gonna find out what
happens here with Equifax because if
they are allowed to just say we screwed
you over you have to come over and look
to see if you got screwed over ha ha
tricked you now you won't be able to sue
us and the government doesn't do
anything about that then we then we're
not a democracy and we've lost
everything and we're just ruled by a new
set of Lords and royalty that that are
now are playing with our lives support
independent media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
dot-com slash join
