let's talk about Hillary Clinton's book
Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump a
creep says her skin crawl during a
debate you know what I would I would
find that a little bit more believable
if I didn't see this picture of her
hugging up to Donald Trump before he was
a creep before he took your presidency
away that's when he became a creep oh
yes oh oh that guy's such a creep he's
such a creep and like a true narcissist
I don't give a that he's a creep
because he could help me right now
that's their freakin wedding they went
to his freakin wedding
Heather goofy da F F ow he's creepy so
now they've leaked they leave parts of
her book what happened right which is a
lot of people think there should be a
lexical a question mark after that but
no we know what happened we know what
happened
the Democrats nominated the worst
candidate the most hated candidate in
history at a time when people were
screaming for change I wanted to smash
the establishment they gave us the most
establishment carica candidate in the
history with the most baggage of any
candidate they've ever nominated and a
candidate with the inability to campaign
for votes because everyone knows now
that the more Hillary Clinton campaigns
the more her numbers go down she does
not as a normal politician have the
ability to raise her poll numbers
usually if your poll numbers are down
you go out you campaign and you meet
people you talk to them and your poll
numbers go up guess what when Hillary
Clinton does that her numbers go
down and it's been that way her whole
career you know why cuz he's a
phony and people see through her and
she's wooden and she's repulsive that's
 why plus she doesn't give a
about you and she doesn't care about
people who are workers or the poor or
anybody else or the environment what she
cares about is herself and getting
forward and and her donors that's it
that's what's and that's why she lost to
Donald Trump so anyway let's get to some
of her book aha so here's some of her
book this because so they sent out some
advance copies to certain influential
people and to read it and talk about it
and write stories about it and some
people have tweeted out pictures of the
the book so here's one of the tweets of
the book because we agreed on so much
Bernie couldn't make an argument against
me in the Syrian policy now I've told
you when no one likes to be out lefted
right so when you go to the left of
someone they don't ever go after your
policies because your policies are
better and more pure what they first do
is smear you that's what they did the
Bernie I've showed you that over and
over it was one big long smear campaign
what's their still doing they're still
doing they blame the New York Times were
in a news article not an opinion be the
news article that blame Bernie Sanders
and his supporters for this Congressman
Steve Scalise is shooting and stuff like
that so they're still doing that okay
right now she's blaming Bernie for her
loss and here she is saying that the
they didn't all Bernie disagreed with
her was freaking policy that's all he
had disagreed with her on he didn't care
about her personality all Bernie cared
about was the policy and what was the
policy he cared about getting money out
of politics what was the other policy he
cared about trade and good NAFTA TPP
free college living wage no fracking
these were all policy positions there so
that off the bat it's one big lie from
Hillary Clinton well yes and then when
we look at whatever policy she did have
it was just kind of a summed up with I'm
with her that was the policy that they
ran on the policy was if you don't vote
for me
you must hate women that was her policy
that was her entire policy can you
imagine if Bernie Sanders played the
anti-semite card the way she played the
misogyny card can you imagine that Wow
and then the other thing yeah what if he
would have done that
oh why you must hate Jews if you don't
vote for me he's never said that once no
one in his campaign has ever said that
and that's all that was part they sat
down and map that out and not only did
they smear the progressives they're
still like they're doing it to Tina
Turner
Tulsi Gabbard says I don't want
corporate money they and they just they
go after their Gramm why don't you like
women
they're doing so they're they're teaming
up with the right-wing and the the
corporate Democrats and the right-wing
are team they're doing the right wing's
job for them the corporate dime
Kratts are trying to get rid of the
progressives because they know the that
they're the real threat to the status
quo and the establishment Republicans
and establishment Democrats are very
happy with each other and the way things
are
they both team up to get rid of
progressives they're both afraid of
progressives that's what this is some of
his supporters the so-called Bernie bros
took to harassing my supporters online
like to just say that again it's just
everybody gets harassed online
everybody gets harassed online I'm
getting harassed online right now as a
sexist and a racist because I Craig I
dared to criticize Kamala Harris
so is that make her stuff is she a
horrible person to her her supporters
horrible because some assholes on
Twitter and Facebook are calling me
names it got ugly and more than a little
sexist so there she is doing the work of
the right-wing she's doing the work
that's it
she's right now so by the way when you
called Bernie Sanders and his supporters
sexist so when a real sexist comes along
like Donald Trump it doesn't
mean anything anymore you moron who lost
a donald trump only someone as stupid as
you could lose to donald trump and keep
smearing the progressive base of your
party you are doing the job of the
republicans right now that because you
know why because that's what hillary
clinton is she's a goddamn republican
who's kind of okay with abortion
although she's still for making it
criminal parts of it that's who hillary
clinton is she's a bought and paid for
cretin who was doing the job of the
right-wing still to this day graham well
i mean the thing about it is she talks
about sexism so where was there i've
there was there was one of the alaska
super-delegates was confronted in an
email by a young man who said alaska
voted for Bernie Sanders and you gave
your super delegate votes to Hillary
Clinton why are you doing that the
voters of telling you what to do and she
wrote the most condescending talking
down
oh she woman's blamed it and it was like
and this guy put it out online and where
was the that was sexist she's like okay
little boy the adults are gonna figure
they're gonna burn bras you know go get
your vape pen and was so it's like
there was no sexism that came out of the
Clinton campaign it was
that was their whole angle because they
have no policy all they have is I'm I
pay my daughter a hundred million
dollars to run my fake foundation that
you know built a couple hotels in Haiti
rather than helping people I sold
uranium to Russian businessmen through
my foundation I'm not I'm not a nice
person they're just goldman sachs with a
rainbow flag
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
