a number of LGBT groups have announced
rallies and protests in response to a
leaked memo from the Health and Human
Services indicating that the Trump
administration would target the gender
identity of transgender individuals and
essentially forced them to be identified
with the gender that they were born with
and this actually does have some pretty
significant ramifications especially
when it comes to civil rights
protections and we'll get to that in
just a second but in case you're
interested in taking part in these
protests the first round of protests
will take place next Sunday night and
they will be in New York City and the
second round of protests will happen in
Washington DC on Monday morning of next
week and the groups involved includes
the National Center for transgender
equality Lambda Legal Human Rights
Campaign and other LGBT advocacy groups
now with that said what is this all
about why are people protesting well the
Trump administration according to
reports is planning to exclude
transgender and non-binary people from
its legal definition of gender the Trump
administration has proposed a legal
definition of gender as determined on a
biological basis that is clear grounded
in science objective and administrable I
love that they threw in the science
argument in this and by the way this was
leaked and now the Department of Health
and Human Services is saying oh we don't
comment on anything that's been leaked
but if you do look to the science of
this sex and gender are two different
things so sex involves your genitalia
your physical form whatever gender is
how you identify what you feel
internally and so you could be born as a
man but identify as a woman your gender
could be female but your sex could be
male anyway so there's that now the
proposal would report reportedly require
DNA testing to resolve any disputes
about a person's gender will happen in a
small gov to a small government this is
exactly the opposite of small government
and I honestly I don't understand
why conservatives flip out over this
particular issue especially because this
is not an issue that hurts them that
inconveniences them this is all about
protections for a very you know small
group of people about 1.4 million people
identify as agender other than what they
were born with okay other than their sex
and so the whole point under the Obama
administration of including protections
for these people was to protect them
because they're constantly targeted and
they're constantly discriminated against
but more importantly they're met with a
lot of violence there have been a number
of transgender people who have been
murdered throughout the years because of
their gender identity and so the whole
point was to add protections to them for
them so they wouldn't be targeted
disenfranchised discriminated against
murdered those kinds of things now this
could mean the millions of people 1.4
million to be exact who identify as
transgender or with a gender other than
the one they are assigned at birth would
not be recognized as a legitimate group
by the government they would be excluded
from civil rights protections under
under title 9 the civil rights law that
bans gender discrimination in
educational settings and by the way
obviously if someone murders someone
else there are laws that that would
bring justice theoretically to the
person who commits the murder but this
is about you know a group of people who
have been targeted for a long time and
just offering protections for them trump
administration wants to undo all of that
so now if I understand this correctly it
would be legal to fire somebody simply
on the basis of them being trans and you
being uncomfortable about it if the
administration successfully you know
that's they're proposing proposes this
and gets it you know and so this is
basically they're just trying to like
eliminate trans as an official thing
under federal law do I understand that
correctly yes yes the funny thing is how
can they mention science at the same
time that they're doing that because
that seems to me to be a denial of
objective reality exact regardless of
what somebody thinks on a personal level
about trans issues it's obvious that
they exist I mean are they all faking
they'll decide like imagine somebody
going through sex change and they're
like Oh changed my mind I didn't really
mean it
and I mean it clearly exists so I don't
even understand exactly where they're
coming from and also the point about
climate science I think is the elephant
in the room that they're talking about
they're talking about science as they
deny what scientists are screaming at
them through a megaphone this is a trap
so this had had been written in the
spring it just got leaked I would be
shocked if it was not leaked by the
Trump administration it is two weeks
before an election and what they want to
do is have us attack them on what they
perceive to be their high ground so they
leak the memo so that we'll all flip out
over it because it is outrageous and
then it's all over the news that hey
they're for trans people and we're
against them and they think that that
will will that convince Democrats to
vote for Republicans of course on will
it even convince the independents no
that's not what they're trying to
accomplish they're trying to energize
their base so they show up and vote so
how do you energize Republican voters
fear and loathing and so the transgender
issue is a perfect one for that now this
is one of the oldest tricks in the book
for Republicans they used to do it about
black people that was called a Southern
Strategy that in 2004 Karl Rove and
George Bush famously did it about gay
people they put gay ballot initiatives
all across the country especially in
swing states to get people their side to
get motivated to show up I'm gonna vote
against gay people and I damned ballot
initiative it's got to lose they get out
there and I'm gonna vote for Bush and
that's how they want to Ohio and some of
the other critical states and so what
they're doing now is well okay I'm like
people thing got a little offensive we
do it from time to time but it doesn't
work as well that will just keep
suppressed their vote and and now their
hot-button issues transgender people so
the more they talk about it they feel
like it's a win for them the more we
talk about it they feel like it's a win
for them so they're like great get their
lips to attack us on this trans issue
and our base hates people they hate them
they're looking to hate somebody and
this is what you won't get in the
mainstream media because they have kid
gloves on Republican vote
we have to say that they're wonderful
people no they're not they've been
taught and and self-selected on on the
people who are afraid of others and
can't wait to discriminate against them
now why should i trans people have
different set of rules and rights than
the rest of us I mean that isn't the
core of the Republican Party in the
country equal rights for all liberty
freedom they never meant it it was a lie
what they're saying here is no straight
people and even gay people should have a
certain amount of rights and trans
people should have less rights they
should have less rights even though
there are 100% American and so and we
will fall into that trap and we're doing
it right now because we got a fight back
we got a fight for those people evening
they chose to do a gender surgery
because it was fun it was a fad it was
they don't do it for fun obviously it's
a very difficult thing to go through and
it's also insanely costly to go through
that but more importantly even if let's
say we give them that ridiculous talking
point that they chose to do it they
don't really identify as the gender that
they say they identify with how does it
impact your life negatively to offer
protections for these people so they
don't lose their job simply due to
whatever gender it is that they identify
with no I just I gotta say I mean I say
it all the time and people get super
upset but go ahead and get triggered
here I'll give you a trigger warning
okay
conservatives are generally more afraid
than liberals their brains are
structured that way and so when they
live and breathe fear so trans people
it's only 1.4 million that's half a
percent of the country what are they
gonna do they're gonna come into your
house and do what what are you afraid of
I literally don't know what you're
afraid of but I know what it is they're
like the others to others the others are
so scary and when it comes to sex issues
there could be something else they're
afraid of I mean you know you see it all
the time alan keyes said it but a
hundred conservers have said it they're
like well if anybody can choose to be
gay obviously they would and so that's
why we shouldn't allow them to choose
that's an interesting mindset so now
they're taking
and trans people and so we're forced to
fight back and and they do the protests
and the Republicans snicker thinking yes
we got our hateful base to notice all
those protests that that actually want
to fight up for other Americans and
Republican voters hate giving equality
for all so this will be a win for us
and one more saying you know if some if
the right wants to have a nuanced
conversation I know that's not their
specialty but if they want to have a
nuanced conversation about hey listen
sometimes there's overreaching on the
left and you know there's talk about
however I don't even know how many it is
now thirty to sixty four different
genders on Facebook and that goes too
far
not only will I hear them out on that
front I may actually agree on many of
those points but this what they're doing
here is not anywhere near nuanced what
they're doing is they're removing
anti-discrimination protections for
trans people and trans people are
historically discriminated against so
this is not nuanced the thirty to sixty
four thousand and ninety six genders
nuanced and we can have a conversation
about that this is not nuanced and I
think that point needed to be made
yes and speak to both the points you
guys made about big government the
medical community says this is
absolutely real of course people there
are transgender people and so what the
Republicans are saying is I want to get
between you and your doctor I want to
interfere with the practice of medicine
I want to interfere with your individual
choices
I want to interfere to interfere with
your liberty and your freedoms because
big government is awesome especially
when we use it to discriminate against
other people so that's who the
Republican Party is on the go don't
worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
