when it comes to natural disasters
around the globe we're entering
something that looks much like the end
of days we've got fires we've got
earthquakes we've got hurricanes so
we're gonna be covering a lot of it on
the show today but we want to give you a
couple of quick updates on a few
particular disasters that are going on
in various parts of the US and near the
US so first of all you've got a multiple
hurricanes but right now we're gonna
focus on the last that I had seen I
believe that somewhere between 24 and 30
people had already lost their lives this
is as it's crossing the Caribbean and so
you had Barbuda and the Virgin Islands
you have Puerto Rico get hit a number
different laces Haiti in the Dominican
Republic and over the next few days it's
going to transition up into Florida and
if you've seen the photos of this
hurricane comparing its size with Andrew
it's amazing I mean that was a hurricane
that people still talk about decades
later because of how terrible it was and
it's far far larger it's going to cross
Florida and it's going to literally
cover the entirety of the the state as
it goes and you see there a rough
timeline of basically when it's going to
hit different areas it now has sustained
185 mile per hour plus winds for longer
than any hurricane on record another
scary record that it has set
yeah the rick Scott said that it's way
bigger than Andrew and there are
multiple counties that have mandatory
let's stay on this for a second that
have mandatory evacuations in place
because there's really no safe space
right there but here this is something
that 5:30 at rain earlier today it's
when we talked about this a lot with
Harvey the the chemical plants that were
struck by the hurricane you're seeing
all of those hazardous wastes many
factors not manufacturing but um storage
locations hospitals that could be hit
and also nuclear plants I mean that is a
number of nuclear plants that
theoretically could be hit at Turkey
point is the one that we talked about
earlier this year because of the
likelihood that of rising sea levels
will eventually engulf it in just a few
decades and so that is a very scary
situation I mean a lot of people are
evacuating Florida a lot of people won't
be able to and it's already hit Islands
it's devastated islands we talked about
yesterday Barbuda more than 90 to 95
percent of the the buildings on the
island have already been destroyed many
people without electricity put
Rico had a similar situation it's
expected that we'll see something like
that in Florida as well so we're gonna
turn to other disasters in a second but
we do have to acknowledge just how
devastating or Emma has become in the
immediate aftermath of harvey so it's
the largest hurricane ever recorded in
Atlantic Basin top winds came in at 185
miles per hour it's a category 5 which
is the biggest you can have and category
5 is at 157 miles per hour this is at a
185 and if it land if the center was New
York it would cover an area from Boston
to Baltimore
that is how gigantic it is and and so
just giving you context that Barbuda
story from yesterday amazing I mean this
the island is almost completely wiped
out 95% of the buildings damaged they
were cut off from the rest of the world
when all their communication was knocked
out you know they talked the scientists
told us that some islands would sink
into the ocean we're in the middle of it
right now this this is exactly what
climate change looks like we'll get to
some scientists quotes as well a little
bit later and but one more thing about
the dangers of those chemical plants etc
like we saw in Texas the authorities
partly because in Texas
almost all the Republicans in charge
have taken money from the chemical
industry try to minimize what was
happening and they said they'd first
reported as explosions because they were
they later changed it in an act of
political correctness to pops that led
to fires
that's called an explosion and now cops
and first responders that went are suing
because they're really sick because and
the authorities told them it's no big
deal just close your windows if what a
chemical plant explodes
you can't just fix it by closing your
windows you can't send people in there
thinking that they won't get hurt of
course they will and we lose and breathe
the oxygen that you've stored in tanks
inside of your house so that's how air
works we warned you about that earlier
and and now the cops are and first
responders are taking them to court
because they're hurt and by the way if
you're a person who believes that blue
lives matter you should be really upset
at what big government told you in the
form of report
the kids who told you not to worry about
climate change not to worry about
chemical plants that were not regulated
well enough they told you you didn't
need regulations boy do we need
regulations right now in the state of
Florida I hope that they have good
precautions on those hazardous waste
dumps and on the nuclear plant yeah when
you again regulations mean protections
main ways to protect that community and
of course as Jenkins just said that
community opened its arms to Big Oil and
to chemical in in the Houston area and
as a result there were none of those
protections
now this community is different and and
as we see this this torrent of rain
these this huge storm surge is just a
wall of water that's why that storm
surges talked about it's such a
destructive force because it really is
the leading edge of the most destructive
force all of that is energy and these
hurricanes this is the way that nature
moves the most heat energy from one
hemisphere to another so you're
witnessing nature moving energy so all
of that energy is played out in the
velocity of the winds the storm surge
and of course then when this thing hits
the mainland it no longer is speeding
off the heat energy of the ocean or the
Gulf of the water in effect and now the
release of that energy is devastating we
saw it in Texas in Louisiana and now
we'll see it across the southeast but
again it's all part of this climate
change discussion because that climate
change is associated with the heat of
the globe and then the accompanying
energy transfer which is played out in
these hurricanes yeah so I just want to
ask mark just a little bit more because
marks a meteorologist and and does this
professionally look the climate
scientists at Texas A&M at Rice
University it almost all these major
institutions are saying that yes climate
change doesn't necessarily create
hurricanes but it makes them stronger it
makes them have more precipitation can
you explain why like so we're the
average guy out there you might think I
don't get it why does it make it more so
look it's a piece of what I was just
saying which is that the heat okay so
the earth the earth is getting warmer
that heat is played out in sea surface
temperatures in the ocean it's
the ocean is storing if you will that
heat energy and then it has to be
transferred in some way and is
transferred into the atmosphere so it
evaporates into the atmosphere it moves
into that layer of air
well that layer of air now has a couple
of things it has energy and it has that
evaporated water vapour in it and
there's more and more of it so you have
more and more rain and you have more and
more intense energy being stored there
and that energy again is played out in
storm surge and in wind velocity
initially so I think what what you're
seeing here as the globe heats up is
just the capacity for the globe to try
to throw off this energy in every way
that it has in the past which is
associated with again rain and and and
wind and a lot of destructive power yeah
and in the same way that in the water
it's causing the evaporation which is
filling the air with more and more
moisture which is leading to worse rains
and hurricanes in the land in big parts
of the world but we're gonna focus here
today in the in the u.s. it's drying out
the land and so we've seen massive fires
all over the country in California just
in the valley and Burbank had some bad
ones and in multiple states in the West
you're seeing them in Montana especially
there are some absolutely massive fires
up going on right now a governor Steve
Bullock declared last week that it's one
of the worst fire seasons in the state's
history the National Interagency Fire
Center reported that Montana had 21
active forest fires covering about four
hundred and thirty-eight thousand acres
and they have already burned through
their fund designed to fight these
forest fires I was looking at it would
unfortunately they had had some other
massive cuts that they had to deal with
earlier this year and so they took I
believe about thirty percent of the fund
away to forestall cuts in other parts of
the government and now you see there
that we're we still got a good bit of
year left and a good bit of fire season
left and Montana is still on fire so the
the the fires in Montana have been going
on for months now they say that they
will continue all the way through
Halloween it's amazing I just want you
to understand what Mark and and John are
explaining that the the heat causes the
tation to go up and when it does it
takes it from the ground which makes the
ground really try that and but when it
takes it from the ocean it then causes a
lot more rain and in a middle of a
hurricane in this prolong rain that is
why in Houston they broke the record for
most amount of rain ever in anywhere in
United States history it is not a
coincidence and it's also not a
coincidence that you're having these
massive hurricanes at the same time as
the fires because what happens when you
have really dry land
you have raging fires so I know that
it's very hard for a fox news host to
understand or a Republican senator but
because the precipitation is lifted into
the air from the ground and from the
water you have droughts and floods at
the same time that's why it looks like
end times as we look at it but it
doesn't mean knoweth God and it doesn't
have any new word coincidence it has
everything to do with science and
scientists forecast and predicted this
very scenario that these things would
become more intense you know you can get
bogged down and they throw a lot of
stuff at you well you know the ice caps
are melting that would happen anyway
there's cyclical stuff but what has been
forecast by virtually all the scientists
is precisely what's happening it's
almost beat for be they've handicapped
exactly what has happened from an
atmospheric standpoint so as Janke says
these intense events droughts and
hurricanes they're getting more intense
and and on both sides and as John says
that that fire season has now extended
itself so they're dealing with not only
more fires and not only drier conditions
but a season that's even longer than
usual yeah I mean this is really it's
undeniable and I always is it will
phidias I think you say the Republicans
and I wonder is it willful ignorance is
it just or or they are they just towing
a party line it seems so indisputable to
me yeah well look we have an excellent
sense of what it is in it it's it's that
the oil companies gave money to the
politicians as through the chemical
companies it depends on where you live
as to what gives you the most amount of
contribution is it a coincidence that we
can
negotiate for drug prices with drug
companies I mean that is the most mental
thing that anybody's ever heard why
would the government say no I will give
you a monopoly and never negotiate for
better drug prices that's unheard of the
reason you that is because the drug
companies give all the money to the
politicians they're the number one lobby
and the oil companies are among the top
five lobbies they in campaign donations
so when they give money to largely
Republicans but some Democrats as well
yeah those guys then conveniently decide
because it's in their best financial
interest that climate change isn't real
now that doesn't mean right wingers in
the real world don't actually believe it
they do because Rush Limbaugh gets paid
by the Heritage Foundation and the Koch
brothers just view the same propaganda
so that's why he does what he does and
the senators they all get bribed and and
they they are paid to trick people into
genuinely believing and I think the
right-wingers genuine in the general
population genuinely believe yes it's a
hoax the Chinese did it the Liberals did
it it's not true of course it's not true
until it's about to hit your house like
Rush Limbaugh and then you run for your
life if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm /join
