so my labor day was Monday I just want
to remind everybody how bad Walmart is
for our economy and we we've we've
really played you know capitalism a lot
of people warned us about what happens
with capitalism and it's happening so
this is from Forbes what report Walmart
workers cost taxpayers 6.2 billion in
public assistance this is from the
nation Walmart wages are the main
reasons people depend on food stamps the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program Snap is a means of survival for
families earning minimum wage well
Walmart isn't paying for those food
stamps now called snap you are the
annual bill that states and the federal
government foot for working families
making poverty level wages is a hundred
and fifty three billion dollars a single
Walmart Supercenter cost taxpayers
between nine hundred four thousand and
1.75 million dollars per year in public
assistance money according to Florida
congressman Alan Grayson in many states
Walmart employees are the largest group
of Medicaid recipients they are also the
single biggest group of food stamp
recipients in other words those every
day low prices at the chain are in part
subsidized by your tax money meanwhile
an estimated eighteen percent of food
stamps are spent at Walmart so do you
see how Walmart does that they get you
coming and going so they pay you a low
wage you have to go get on public
assistance the government then gives you
money you come back you give it to
Walmart so they're giving money both
ways isn't that talk about a welfare
program for a fricking corporation so
Jimmy sometimes people like to argue
well if you don't like what you're being
paid then go get another job right
that's not what we're talking about
we're talking about providing a livable
wage right we're talking about the
biggest retailer in America this isn't
this isn't some guys some local jagoff
has a corner say you don't have to work
here no this is someone who comes in
decimate your local economy so those
jobs dry up and they're the only place
left to work in your economy is a
fucking Walmart that's what's called
predatory capitalism you jag-offs and
that's what's happening right now
Walmart doesn't help improve towns it
sucks it sucks it sucks the resources
out of a community stuff well a simple
piece of data just had to consider is
you know
gave us the billions of dollars that we
subsidize Walmart think of it this way
every employee we subsidize them by
about two thousand dollars just think
about that and the by the way the
Walmart family they're worth 130 billion
dollars so they can afford to pay a
living wage they can afford to have
health insurance for their employees
they can afford to do all that shit and
they can still have probably a hundred
and twenty billion dollars well that's
the thing that's so offensive about all
of this and having you know you've
traveled the country many of these
Walmart's are in a small community they
come in and they're obviously they're in
big cities but they're in some very
small communities so where they suck up
they close up all the mom-and-pop rights
because they can't compete with the
prices because the average person is
just trying to pay their bills and if
you know if a gallon of milk is a dollar
cheaper you're gonna go there right yes
so that's what they do and then this
this rampant greed is so I just like I
always quote that line from the movie
Wall Street like when is enough enough
it's not enough how many how many yachts
can you water-ski behind it's like what
more do you need we have you don't want
I don't understand like there's no more
compassion in this country it's
unbelievable well even the fat gram that
the Walmart's know that when they have a
hundred and thirty billion dollars
themselves that doesn't help the economy
that stagnates an economy so if that
money those 130 billion dollars let's
say they only had half as much but let's
say they had sixty five billion dollars
I did that math on the fly let's say
they had sixty five billion dollars but
the other 65 billion dollars they gave
to the employees you know we're not
sixty five billion dollars would be in
our fuckin economy helping boost it up
and people would then they take that
money they spend it at a store and they
spend it at another store they buy some
so it helps boost our economy but when
the Walmart's have one hundred and
thirty billion dollars it's it's in an
offshore bank account somewhere or it's
it's in their bank account or they buy a
property with it and it's it's empty
that's how rich people spend their money
just so you know it doesn't do anything
to help the economy they already have
everything they need they already have
all the cards and clothes and shoes and
air conditioner I have everything they
need so they don't spend that money to
help the economy Graham you wanna finish
well no it's a good point like even take
the benevolence out of it right
take the head lot philanthropy out of
the equation just from a dollars and
cents standpoint if you're the biggest
corporate the biggest employer in the in
the country you would want wouldn't you
want to stimulate more of the economy
because you would get that back and then
right you have and then just I don't
know I do see a reflection in the mirror
like how do you how do you not go I want
to help people how do you look at the
abject poverty that's in this country
right now right now right now today how
do you look at that when you see a
homeless person how do you go food sorry
I guess I need a new helicopter to fly
me to the Hamptons when I was a kid
Graham I'm sure when you were a kid -
people used to have full-time jobs
working at Sears like grown-up people
would be a what do you do for a living I
sell appliances at Sears what do you do
for a living I sell shoes like Sears
what do you do for a living I work in I
work in children's clothing it's Sears
what do you do for a living I work at
buck that were those were grown-up jobs
you can raise a family you had a job at
Sears can you imagine someone at one
what he do I work at Walmart and that's
it yeah that's why we're poor and we're
on food stamps so we went from Sears and
Roebuck being the number one retailer in
America giving people living wages
health insurance people can everybody
made money and then Walmart comes in and
says no we can take those jobs ship them
to poor people in a more desperate
situation in a third-world country and
we can cut everybody's salary get rid of
the unions and all that profit comes to
us it doesn't go to the workers it
doesn't go to the economy it doesn't go
to help anybody it doesn't go to our tax
base that money goes to them and that's
it so that the new economy is slave
wages and all the profits go to the top
which is why we have income disparity
the income inequality right now is
bigger than the fucking Gilded Age and
that's why we need a Teddy Roosevelt and
that's what's wrong in places like
Walmart and that's what's wrong with
this economy and your honors if you
listen closely the Democrats have zero
plans on how to fix that
hey MSNBC just hired Megan Kelly to make
sure Santa Claus stays white if you're
sick of that kind of bullshit lefty
corporatism from the news support
aggressive progressives right here at
the Young Turks Network you become a
member for $10 a month it gets you
access to the whole show we do an hour
every week and it gets you access to all
the other member benefits at the Young
Turks stick your thumb in the eye of the
corporate news and become a member of
TYT now we're go to tea white tea
network.com slash join find out what
it's all about
