dramatic news we just got word just
before starting the show that the I
believe 14th highest profile guy at
FoxNews Eric Bolling is gone
why are you ready for this gentlemen we
got him
so if you had eric bolling in your your
pool at work for Fox News host that will
go down next for sexually harassing his
female co-workers no it's not Shep Smith
he's still a good guy apparently it is
Eric Bolling 14 sources revealed to The
Huffington Post about a month ago I
believe that at least three current and
former Fox colleagues of his said that
he had sent them inappropriate text
messages including photos of male
genitalia
although importantly no clarification
yet of whether it was his genitalia it
might have been from his collection I
have no idea we don't know that yet and
we don't know if he was using her body
don't strive to sue me now by the way
because he did sue them for publishing
that story or said that he was going to
yeah it's time to sue now sorry but they
only had 14 sources so and that's the
best part about their 40s Rush sounds
like fake news to me yeah so I if he's
gone and and I don't know if you use the
body double like Saddam did we don't
know who was a particular penis it was
but we do know that he did send the
penis pictures at least FoxNews knows it
enough to let him go when they said we
enjoyed his 10 years of work we did not
enjoy his penis pictures if he will no
longer be appearing on Fox News the show
that he was hosting such as it was the
specialists are now out and I've never
heard of that show that's and and you
will not either going forward it was one
of the shortest shows in cable news
history thanks God which by the way
something they apparently said about the
pictures as well anyways okay
couldn't resist I could resist and and
finally I want you guys have some
context if you think like Oh Fox News
some of the right-wingers many oh
they're becoming liberal and now they're
just getting rid of all their
conservative hoes because a political
career
yes no that's not remotely true they're
doing very lengthy investigations and
and to find out who actually did it and
didn't do it so for example they just
feel like loose talk of just because
it's online about Sean Hannity nobody's
ever charged Sean handy with a damn
thing and and it's it's nonsense it's
just like people throwing stuff at him
because he works at Fox News Sean
Hannity is a million other problems but
this isn't one of them so it's not like
they're targeting random hoes know
they're talking to people who actually
did do it and by the way not every
investigation shows the sexual
harassment happen for example there was
a lot of pay outs so a lot of women who
apparently were very badly sexually
harassed and and some who actually had
sexual relations with people like Roger
Ailes etc but they did not give any
money and they did not settle with
andrea tantaros and they said no that
one isn't true it didn't happen we'll go
to court we'll fight it all day long for
as long as it takes or because that
isn't true but who knows what lined up
happening yeah and we don't know they'll
go to court we'll find out but there's a
lot of sources that we know of that
others know of and certainly Fox News
apparently thinks of their parent
corporation things that didn't happen
she's just looking to cash in that's
their point of view now on the same day
Charles Payne who was also investigated
for sexual harassment on Fox Business
Network another very conservative host
on Fox News has been cleared News Corp's
saying he did not do it and he's now
back on air so this is not a witch-hunt
it's not random it's not towards
conservatives it's not a political
agenda it's not political correctness
it's actual investigations did you
actually search for there as people what
and I mean I guess it's interesting
whether it's a witch-hunt or not but
they did it the ones who did it did it
so regardless of whether it's a
witch-hunt or not multiple it's a
culture of perversion basically inside
of Fox News
and yeah it's these guys I mean look if
you just listen to what they say about
themselves and their values do you think
I'm like how they're sitting there but
they're married how are they sending
dick pics but if you think about it for
three seconds of course there's going to
be pervasive sexual harassment it's a
bunch of guys who hire the exact sort of
that they're interested in having sex
with we know roger ailes that's his
entire a strategy that he's talked about
before and then they sit there and they
think that they have the power over
these women's careers because in a lot
of cases they do because of how
competitive the industry is and so they
abuse it and that's why so many of them
are falling down and some of them like
you say Sean Hannity apparently there's
no there's no evidence but would you
really be that surprised
in the end knows no evidence no no I
would be surprised because guys look I
actually I only partly agree with you
John I think that if it's like those the
conservatives who like look at the good
old days etc you just say there's some
evidence say because in the good old
days they used to sexually harass women
like we're gonna we're gonna require
that women wear dresses they not only do
they have to wear dresses they have to
have their legs visible on camera they
have to wear simple unicolor dresses
because the vision of the average Fox
audience will get distracted by that or
something like the person who sets that
up as the concept for a channel is a
person cannot be trusted around those
female employees and he is going to hire
people of a similar mindset I'm not sure
I agree I'll just break you down real
quick into three categories they want to
remind people of 1955 because their
audience grew up in 1955 so the unit
colors and how they dress the set or
whatever I didn't do that as well no
evidence the fact that they look at 1955
and with some nostalgia not because of
their childhood that's perfectly normal
but because of like the good old days
when we were in charging could do
whatever we want I view that as some
evidence but small evidence a lot of
people might think that way but not act
upon it Roger Ailes entire career was
bathed this sexual harassment dozens of
women came forward for over decades and
decades
yes freeze FoxNews way before Fox News
so when you say that guy leading Fox
News set up a culture of sexual
harassment that's overwhelming evidence
and there I wouldn't be surprised if
whoever already had that proclivity Bill
O'Reilly Eric Bolling why not partaking
in it it doesn't mean everybody there's
in favor of it or certainly doesn't mean
all the servers are in favor of it they
might have a little bit of this some
might have a little
the solitude towards it but doing
something is completely different and
yes you're right the most important part
is I'll set that culture up and
basically said now nobody's gonna punish
me cuz I'm the one who's running things
hence no one's going to punish you for
doing the same exact thing and it is no
surprise that it turns out a lot of them
did that same exact thing including Eric
Bolling with the penis pictures and now
he's out yeah yeah I've told the kids
the penis pictures the men we'd send
these penis pictures I guess thinking
that that turns women on it's ridiculous
women are not turned on by that to begin
with but bowling is all hot and heavy
and so he starts thinking this will be
the kind of thing that will drive her
nuts and it's and it boat and it and it
drove him to the exits I mean that's
just what happens I mean that is about
the ludus thing there's no there's no
rationalizing bat right 1% there's got
no thing that one side effect of Eric
Bolling leaving Fox News that we never
get and again have to say or hear the
phrase Eric Bolling was hot and heavy
it's amazing that they think it works I
wonder if it's ever worked I mean I can
see it working in a context and I don't
take this the wrong way you might I
don't know I probably shouldn't say it
here I'm about to say I already don't
wanna hear any in the context of Grindr
perhaps it works because like if you
send pictures of boobs to guys it would
work right you know men are different
right men are weird right but but for
women has it ever been like oh this guy
at work sent me his penis and it looks
really pretty yeah like oh I'm gonna
even though I've not thought of it
before I'm gonna go for this now just on
the attractiveness of this penis alone
like I don't know that that has ever
worked he was human history's exactly
yeah don't send pictures of your
erections to anybody yeah and that goes
out to all of the remaining male hosts
at Fox right this is a general rule
protune no you think it's funny guts
reality don't do it
watch The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
