Kid Rock was recently performing in
Grand Rapids Michigan and his show got
oddly political now if you can recall he
said that he was planning on running for
office possibly Senate in the near
future and so it's not surprising that
he wants to chime in on politics he just
did so in a fascinating way so we have a
short video that was posted on Instagram
to share with you guys and then I'll
fill in the blanks take a look it's no
secret with the body that we all should
take some blame we should be ashamed
that we all seem scared to call him by
his name
so please Almighty Jesus if you're
looking down the night please guide us
with your wisdom and give us strength to
fight to fight the tyrant evils that
lurk here and abroad and remind us all
we are still just one nation under God
now let's get down to brass tacks before
I hit you with his fault okay so in case
you missed some of that he did reference
Colin Kapernick at one point during the
concert saying and if you want to take a
knee or sit during our star-spangled
banner' call me a racist cuz I'm not
politically correct and think you have
to remind me that black lives matter so
he went on to as you saw in the video
then the reference the Nazis and the
biggest in the KKK and negative light
and condemned them as well and he said I
screw screw all you assholes stay the
fuck away meaning both the Kaepernick's
of the world and the people that have to
remind us that black lives matter and
the KKK so I'm glad he included the KKK
so that's one step better than Donald
Trump
okay but basically putting black lives
matter and Kaepernick in the same
category as Nazis and bigots is a piece
of shit move by Kid Rock so look I it is
a populist move I get it a lot of people
in this country are in that frame of
mind hey man I'm not for the Nazis I'm
not KKK that's bullshit yeah fuck them
but you know those guys who say that
they're you know that black life should
matter fuck them too
okay and I know what they think and then
why that's why Kid Rock is doing this to
get popular which is to like no no I'm
not racist I know black lives matter you
don't have to remind me as he said right
but apparently we do because we keep
showing you the stats where the cops
arrest blanks that disproportionate
rates they shoot unarmed blacks at
disproportionate rates and then you go
yeah whatever man whatever if you try to
change it then then I'm gonna get
offended well okay if you don't want to
change a system that has a racial impact
in the country yeah I don't know what
you want me to call you and I think
Colin Kaepernick is an American Hero for
cost himself millions of dollars based
on a principle and and doing freedom of
speech too
he didn't look he's unlikely to be
affected by any of this he's he's famous
he's rich he's a celebrity he did it to
help other
get Americans in the country I think
that's awesome so if Kid Rock thinks
it's cool to go oh yeah fuck Kid Rock
yeah I just I'm just so it's really
funny because that phrase politically
correct gets tossed around a lot by
conservatives I to be fair I don't
really know what Kid Rock's political
identity is like is he a Republican is
he a conservative Republican I have no
idea honestly I don't really care he
doesn't know either right exactly but
the thing that I wanted to mention was
uh how he said you know he basically
criticized Colin Kaepernick and said I'm
not politically correct so if you want
to call me racist call me racist like
that was when you implied right but
you're asking Colin Kaepernick to follow
along with what you consider politically
correct you consider it politically
correct to stand during the
star-spangled banner or during the
national anthem right and so first of
all it is his First Amendment right to
protest and that is the peaceful form of
protest that Colin Kaepernick chose to
take and you're again asking him to be
politically correct by doing what you
think is the moral thing to do and
that's just and by the way I mean you
want to talk about moral no moral okay
I just just stop like I just no no no
that's my favorite part
Kid Rock sake yeah it's all because it
Jesus Christ Jesus yeah I'm just that's
what Jesus was in favor of right he came
to the temple him before he threw out
the money changers he's a kind of right
and and Jesus loved America that's why
you should excuse us from the American
flag so right America didn't exist at
the time anyway these are thoughts that
are tiny bit above Kid Rock's head but
you know what it might work though
exactly he grabs iconic symbolism he
matches it with big time dynamic theater
and what do you end up with you end up
with something that is similar not so
different than Trump
I understand Trump has a different style
but it's a cult of personality it's a
plain speak it's making fun of the
political correctness now you throw in a
rock star element and in a dash of that
Jake says I mean that's exactly right it
was theater and people are responsive to
this they don't even really care about
his politics you know and asks you know
is he right-wing conservative he doesn't
know I mean he just he can write he
realizes how easy it is now I think he
realizes well this political door is
farther open than I thought it was I
don't really have to know jack shit
about things I just have to make fun of
these people and make fun of those
people and throwing it up and I'm in
yeah well look I'll go further in fact
in this concert he said you know people
are talking about Kid Rock for a Senate
I'm done by Kid Rock for president yeah
right great
and he's like if you don't like you but
your president is not a motherfucking
trouble yeah so but people like the Bern
so okay yeah you know what happened a
group said look you're in violation of
campaign finance laws because you can't
run for Senate and do X Y and C he sells
merchandise
Kid Rock for a Senate or whatever right
and you can't do that and Kid Rock
responded with yeah fuck off cool okay
that's so cool and hip and people maybe
they like that because it seems brazen
and all that stuff but if we've created
a culture where if someone says you
broke the law and you go oh yeah fuck
off and you get away with it
that's not rule of law that's kind of
the opposite of rule of law yeah I mean
we're creating that culture right now as
we speak you know the president is not
supposed to have conflicts of interest
he has conflicts of interest he has used
his position as the commander in chief
to profit off you know meetings at
mar-a-lago or or his businesses like
Trump Tower I mean who cares who cares
I mean we've reported on that over and
over and over again provided many
examples as to why those conflicts of
interest go against the best interests
of the American people but his
supporters don't care his base doesn't
care they've been bold in that type of
unlawful behavior and so he's gonna
continue doing it so you create that
culture and you sit there as a
Republican and you bask in it thinking
that it's great wait until a Liberal
Democrat gets elected into office let's
see how you feel about the president
that you just said okay and look
and part of the problem with some
liberals is that they look at Kid Rock
doing all this stuff and they go oh
that's not right he shouldn't be doing
that I'm not in that camp so kid riding
you won't play we could play kids at
play so fuck you too Kid Rock and you
can suck my dick okay Wow how do you
like them apples and you are a piece of
shit who doesn't understand this country
at all and you want to get into politics
welcome to the fucking jungle dickhead
we'll make sure that you fucking get an
AI elated how do you like them apples
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
