well last thing about Rush Limbaugh is
today as he was running for his life
from the hurricane he said didn't exist
come to find out it did exist and it's
gonna woulda Noctis how potentially his
house down and endangered his life and
he got it Ryan ran out of there he was
talking about on the show and he said
that he was reading the paths of the
hurricane and he was certain that it
would curve into the Atlantic but that
the official meteorologists would got
there what they wanted anyway which was
to create fear of panic over a climate
change that isn't real now think about
how monumentally stupid that is the
hurricane is a category five and it's
real whether it's in the middle of the
ocean or it hits land it's real either
way but he is so stupid that he thinks
well if it curves a little bit and
misses my mansion on Palm Beach it must
not exist so did are those pictures in
the videos of a devastating the
Carribean made up did it not actually
damage ninety-five percent of the
buildings in Barbuda did hundreds of
thousands of people not get evacuated
why is the Governor Rick Scott a deeply
conservative guy who was banned the
words climate change a global warming
from Florida ordered a state of
emergency and told hundreds of thousands
of people to evacuate in Florida
including you so it's just to me I know
that he's a liar and I know he does
propaganda but that whole
misunderstanding that if it doesn't hit
me then it must not be real it's just
conservative 101 I am the only person in
the world I'm the only thing that
matters screw everyone else I don't
believe in community I don't believe in
us working together hence I don't
believe in the government I don't
believe in anything that doesn't involve
me so if there's a giant category 5
hurricane right there but it didn't hit
me well I told you climate change is not
real that's realistic
classic conservatives empathy doesn't
extend past the walls ozone mansion and
and I think the strategic play from Rush
and also a lot of conservative
standpoint is to suggest that the
pictures and the descriptions are
amplified in some way to again to
forward an agenda
there just isn't an agenda among these
weather forecasters that are putting
these various computer models into some
sense and giving us these 12-hour
updates it just doesn't it doesn't track
so the idea somehow that these guys who
are scientists have dedicated themselves
to this kind of forecasting would
somehow give up that science or even
compromise on a to forward and political
agenda it's absurd and it's absurd too
because you could never get all those
scientists to walk in lockstep anyway on
a lie so it just doesn't track I don't
get it yeah and I know why they do it
because since the rush limbaugh is paid
to lie to his audience by the right-wing
think tanks who fund him he thinks well
everybody gets paid to lie don't they so
if you're a meteorologist you must be
getting paid to lie by someone like I am
so there's a conspiracy over here and
that's how I'm funded so I assume you're
funded by a conspiracy yeah so and it
let us just dispel it for a second mark
you're a meteorologist and you worked in
this field for decades did anyone ever
come to you and say a mark by the hood
climate change is not real but we're
gonna go ahead and lie to everybody go
ahead tell them forecasts that aren't
true no of course not of course not and
then and in fact you you know you cut
your teeth on the accuracy of what you
say so these guys even if they were had
were playing the long con you know I
mean they still have to get these
forecasts right and and and and that
that really is that's all they've got I
mean and these are the key moments so
these guys who are in the National
Hurricane Center they dedicate their
lives to these kinds of forecasts this
is where the rubber meets the road for
them you know you've got this
unprecedented active tropical season
they want to deliver the very best
forecast and they have everything up to
this point has been so very accurate
just think about how crazy that is
for you to say all right this all the
world's scientists and all the
meteorologists and they've all been
proven right or I can listen to Rush
Limbaugh who's running for his life
right now okay well you know if you make
that wrong decision I'm not sure anybody
can help you if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
