about a week ago I knew that this
country was filled with a lot of
ignorant people who were a truthers
about various things but I'd never heard
of a hurricane truther before it seemed
like you can look out your window and
see it it's there but uh rush limbaugh
made news by saying this the reason that
I am leery of forecasts this far out
folks is because I see how the system
works much of our public information
system including from the government
from the drive-by media has been
corrupted it has been corrupted by the
individual biases and whatever present
bigotry of the people who owned these
positions and let's not we can't forget
hurricane Harvey because hurricane
Harvey and the TV pictures of the
company that go a long way they helping
further and create the panic if the
panic was probably related to the fact
that it was devastating Jackson
Louisiana who talked about though they'd
done that they're not pictures of what's
going on right now exactly yeah I think
we might have misspelled that its whisp
on beach right so he made his little
prediction that hermas not gonna be a
big deal and it's just you know it's the
Chinese just trying to make a hoax about
climate change or something like that
unfortunately is a bad prediction
because the hurricane was already
barreling towards his studio at that
point so bit of an oops and it ended up
just earlier today with him saying this
ok miss or unannounced this bit wait I'm
not going to get into details because of
these security nature of things but it
turns out that we will not be able to do
the program here tomorrow but we'll be
on the air next week folks
from parts unknown so we'll be back on
Monday it's just that tomorrow is going
to be problematic tomorrow it would be I
think legally impossible for us to
originate the program out of here
so yeah I cancel a bunch of stuff I was
gonna go to a private movie screening
this afternoon and I had a bunch of
stuff to do tonight now that's all blown
to smithereens that's hard labor to
chloro big oh yeah
it's like she's gonna fish a private
movie that's terrible it's problematic
legally and rhetorically and
ideologically because you're a jackass
so it looks like he's gonna do the smart
thing and he is actually going to flee
from Florida which I believe we actually
have some video of yeah we do i we trt
you know we've got reporters now and so
we found a video brush leaving Palm
Beach okay fine fine that was our shows
that wasn't him okay okay I get it
okay all right well that is kind of hard
to tell a little bit no we this is the
real video this is a real video let's
watch him leaving the state it's gonna
take a little while well you just have a
red hat on right makes sense
you know what run Forrest run
this is gonna take a while screaming hey
I feel bad that I've been pew in Forrest
Gump's reputation associating with the
rest Limbaugh okay
so I I just want to break apart that
small little clip we played for you
because it's this is chock-full of so
many great things I'm not gonna get into
details because of the security nature
of things now you're not gonna get into
details because you were wrong and and
you're embarrassed second of all the
security nature of things is the
hurricane is actually coming and you
might die if you stay that is the
security nature of things that's why
your fat ass is leaving and again the
forecast was perfectly accurate but bad
forecast think you're making fun of that
forecast you say is a concoction of some
left-wing plan to get more money for
climate change and to kind of push a
climate agenda that forecast is exactly
right
yeah and and you say what we have a
situation here that's problematic yeah
that's what we told you yes always said
it's going to be not a little
problematic is going to be deeply
problematic now let's talk about the
damage that he's done because he's like
a Bond bad Bond movie villain right
everybody stay there won't be
problems haha and then he gets on this
private jet and takes off but meanwhile
if you made the mistake of ever trusting
or believing rush limbaugh and you
didn't make preparations because he
later he said that he is quote almost
always right ninety nine point eight
percent of the time now that is
preposterous and insane but remember
Rush Limbaugh listeners are generally
stupid
so they when they hear that they think
oh okay Rush is always right and if Rush
says and they've been programmed to
believe in Republican and Rush Limbaugh
propaganda yeah so if they made the
mistake of believing in him and they
look nice not only did they stay put
their families there and they kept their
family there they don't have a private
jet they can't take off at the last
moment from their Palm Beach mansion as
this guy is doing going well I mean your
family might be stuck in this hurricane
but remember my private movie screening
has also been cancelled and this guy has
the audacity to talk about the elite and
had the Liberals early are you insane
the sad thing is that it was a screening
of An Inconvenient sequel he might have
learned something oh by the way in
making it even a little bit worse is
that all these people that as you say
trust him he says it's a hoax it's not
gonna happen don't don't leave don't
make any preparations to leave even
though the longer you wait the harder it
is and gas is running out and all of
that so potentially in dangers him there
then he realized the hurricane is coming
and he makes plans to evacuate himself
and probably his coworkers cuz they're
gonna continue to the show but on that
show where we just showed you the clip
he still didn't advise his listeners to
leave yeah it's it's almost criminally
irresponsible I mean everything that
that you guys are saying really points
to this guy being and by the way this
guy is an effective communicator I
understand he's communicating to true
believers and they drink in what he says
but for just that reason he owes that
public that listens to him some kind of
reasonable warning once he's embraced it
he's got to get that word out there his
pride more than the
lives of the people who listen to him so
let's break that part down so either he
was lying all along and was endangering
your life and he's continuing to do that
because he doesn't care he wants to get
paid by the the right wing steak tanks
that fund his program you think they're
selling normal products they're coke
Nike what no a lot of the ads are from
right-wing stink tanks who are funded by
the fossil fuel industry so he's paid to
lie to you and if he endangered her life
while doing so who cares I have my
private jet so I mean think about what a
horrible human being is or you say no I
don't Jake I don't I never believed you
guys I don't believe you now Russia's
right ninety-nine point eight percent of
the time okay then apparently he doesn't
have the courage of his own convictions
so he thinks the hurricane is not coming
he thinks it's the Chinese hoax and all
day and he said it again today the
official meteorologist he calls an
official meteorologist he says our you
know have already accomplished our goal
of scaring everyone well apparently they
scared you right so but why don't if
they're lying and you have in your
strong conservative Rush have the
courage of your convictions and stay on
your front porch if you don't you're a
coward and you didn't you ran like a
little bitch so if you didn't believe
that climate change is real and you
didn't believe this hurricane was real
but you ran anyway you are a pathetic
sniveling coward because the wrong I'm
not look it's not me it's the right-wing
who says that climate changes are real
it's the right wing who says it's all a
hoax it's him who said it so if you
believe rush you must conclude that he
is a grade a coward who does not have
the courage of his convictions or he was
lying to you pick one TYT membership
gives you commercial free young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
