at the same time that the the Gulf Coast
and the Caribbean are suffering under
the effects of multiple hurricanes and
vast parts of the u.s. are covered in
forest fires Mexico is also suffering
from an earthquake that just hitted of
massive and deadly earthquake
unfortunately as of when we're filming
this at least 58 people have been killed
and hundreds others have been injured
there's been large buildings that have
been toppled we're going to show you
some video shortly but this this
earthquake is pretty devastating it's
epicenter was just 600 miles southeast
of the capital and the President of
Mexico saying that it's a strongest
earthquake that Mexico has experienced
in a century this disaster is probably
not traceable to climate change but
certainly happening at a particularly
bad time as big parts of this hemisphere
are currently dealing with the disasters
already you're seeing there some of the
immediate aftermath and one of the
things that that led to some of the
deaths that might have been avoided
otherwise and there's going to lead to
more damage overall is that the states
of Chiapas and Oaxaca which are home to
about 9 million people are the ones most
closely located to the devastating
portion of the earthquake
they're extremely impoverished areas
which are going to of course it means
that the building codes are probably
less rigorous and that the support
personnel and staff and all that is
going to be a little bit less able to
cope with the effects of a deadly
earthquake and those I'm so glad you
made that point because those
communities are the ones that pay the
greatest price in all of these different
disasters right and what's up with armas
jon said yeah yeah yeah so this to the
best of my knowledge is a total
coincidence it's just really bad timing
yeah that as we explained earlier on the
show the Hurricanes and the tremendous
fires happening in the western United
States are not a coincidence climate
change makes storms more severe it
caused the precipitation go into the air
which when it comes from the ground
causes droughts and fires when it comes
from the ocean causes prolonged rain and
flooding and storms so we're kind of
looking at what appears to be end times
kind of scenario here highways filled
with cars fleeing devastation in where
the Hurricanes have already hit there's
three hurricanes right now
more coming up behind them that's right
but but the earthquake is not related to
any of that it's just bad timing and
that we happen to have an 8.1 quake the
the biggest one we've ever had in Mexico
City for at least the last hundred years
in Mexico for the last hundred years
exactly I want to show you just two more
videos to show you the experience as
some people recording as the earthquake
was going on let's roll this first one
apparently the quake was particularly
shallow which makes it more intense and
we have one more video
and that's a long time you know the
duration of that shaking has so much to
do with the kind of destruction that you
see at home yeah yeah and now
unfortunately other herb because of the
earthquake they are also going to be hit
by some tsunamis earthquakes cause
tsunamis and that's gonna happen in some
parts of Mexico but it could reach three
foot waves can reach as far as Ecuador
New Zealand and Vanuatu which is amazing
and one point eight five million homes
have lost electricity in in Mexico and
then one more consequence is that of
course 38 people have died before but
look actually better regulations and
building codes have saved a lot of lives
yeah because the last time a less severe
earthquake hit in 1985 that was a eight
instead of an eight point one they
killed an estimated nine thousand five
hundred people in Mexico City
yeah now there's different reasons why
regulations are not the only reason but
that is a contributing factor when the
building's don't collapse in the in the
kind of shaking that you saw their lives
or saves and thank God they were in this
case yeah and right now obviously the
search-and-rescue going on right now
there's some I believe a hotel that's
currently down that they think some
people might still be inside and so
they're searching and so that it's
possible that that's that's all
unfortunately will continue to rise but
already extremely devastating and
finally Hurricane Katia is about to hit
Eastern Mexico so as if things weren't
bad enough the hurricanes are also
coming help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network calm /join
