while the immediate concern in regard to
hurricane Irma is of course the safety
of those who are still in its path those
who have already been hit by it here at
UOIT we've made very clear that we are
not going to ignore the connection
between climate change and extreme
weather events and we're not going to
wait until some date that they say is
acceptable to start talking about what
we should do as a civilization to stop
more of these hurricanes from developing
in the way that our medera some of the
media who are ignoring that connection
and there are some any government who
are actively trying to shut that
conversation down before it even gets
going and so first we're going to go to
the EPA so Scott Pruett is the head of
the EPA unfortunately it seems like his
mortal enemy is the environment he wants
to do all that he can to destroy it said
this recently to have any kind of focus
on the cause and effect of the storm the
versus helping people or actually facing
the effect of the storm is misplaced to
discuss the cause and effect of these
storms there's the place and time to do
that it's not now it's some other time
like after some sort of mass shooting of
course why would you talk about guidance
then it's inappropriate you should wait
six months or something like that he
also said this Congress should address
that at some point talking about climate
change and Congress hasn't all I'm
saying is to you is to to use time and
effort to address it at this point is
very very insensitive to this people in
Florida it's very insensitive and he's a
sensitive soul okay his background with
fossil fuel companies that has nothing
to do it he's just worried about
people's feelings that's it yeah now
imagine if they apply the same service
center to 9/11 it would be insensitive
to talk about the people who did 9/11
and what caused 9/11 so let's not hey
CNN everybody else don't talk about what
might have caused 9/11 let's just be
sensitive to people and never mention it
yeah that would have been insane that
would so in this case it's not a who
it's what caused the hurricanes and what
caused them to be more severe there are
a few who is I could point out yes
including some of his donors but uh but
if you don't talk about that now when do
you talk about it
not only Scott food ever came out at
another time and said hey by the way
guys I just want to let you know there's
no storms going on right now - or fires
are dressed by the way good luck trying
to find that time so I think this is the
appropriate time to talk about climate
change and let's figure out is it real
is it not real is it man-made or not and
it's no there's never an appropriate
time for him yet and he says is the most
inappropriate time because it's the time
when people are paying attention exactly
and one of his theories is you can't
talk about it then later if you bring it
up randomly hit like why are you
bringing it up randomly right so like
again with gun control in the wake of
mass shootings exactly so I have a plan
we're okay you win Scott we're not gonna
talk about hurricane Irma and what might
have caused it but luckily we've had now
about a week since hurricane Harvey so
we can now to talk about hurricane
Harvey and how climate change clearly
made that storm worse according to every
scientists in the world that is why it
was the largest rain event in United
States history but you know I'm now
we're perfectly sensitive to everyone
that was involved and okay you get the
point but I'll say one more thing about
it which is that look if you're you or
your family was affected by this or
devastated by an over sixty people died
during hurricane Harvey God knows how
many people are gonna die already
thirty-eight dead because of Hurricane
Emma and if it didn't happen in the US
that doesn't mean it doesn't happen and
unfortunately it is gonna happen in the
US is coming to hit Florida right now
you should be angry so if you got
affected by 9/11 you had every right in
the world to get angry if you get
affected by these storms they are not a
coincidence and they there's it's not a
there's nothing you could do about it
and God works in mysterious ways
storms have always existed they are now
clearly more severe
according to almost every scientist in
the world and causing far more damage
including the people who died in these
storms because of climate change
man-made climate change largely driven
by the fossil fuel industry which wrote
a lot of checks to Scott Pruett and to
fellow attorney generals or attorneys
general in in in the Republican Party to
cover up in Scott Pruett from time to
time would literally take memos written
by fossil fuel industry lobbyists
and then put them on the record as if it
was his own letter
he's a gross gross guy yeah what I'm
saying is look out for my sensitivity
and last thing I know we're late but I
just want to make the point that his
statement where it's where he plays off
talking about the causes versus helping
those people who have been affected is
ridiculous to begin with we're not
saying you shouldn't be helping it's not
as though we can't continue to help
those people affected while talking
about the causes this is not one or the
others not one versus the other yeah I
love that it's it that's a that's a
strategic bullshit play yeah and look I
again I'll go back to it's a
conservative thing they seem to have her
a very limited idea of how empathy is
supposed to work but as I point out on a
walk and talk I posted on my facebook
last week I can care about the victims
of the hurricane that's happening right
now and I can also care about the
victims of the next ten hurricanes the
next hundred hurricanes because they're
coming we don't know exactly where
they're gonna hit land we don't know
what we're gonna call them but they are
coming and they are going to be severe
and I want to help those people as well
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm /join
