according to a new report in The
Washington Post the house freedom caucus
who you may remember as the people who
helped unseat former House Speaker John
Boehner back in 2015 are now meeting
with Paul Ryan and others to talk
specifically about maybe removing Paul
Ryan as Speaker of the House on
Wednesday of this week Paul Ryan met
with three members of the house freedom
caucus where they openly expressed their
disdain for Ryan explaining that he is
an incompetent leader and he's really
accomplished nothing since taking over
for John Boehner at the end of 2015 but
that's only part of the story what's
really happening and what really has
Paul Ryan scared right now is the fact
that on Monday of this week former White
House strategist Steve Bannon met with
the representative meadows of the house
freedom caucus and where they discussed
who could possibly replace Paul Ryan as
the Speaker of the House meadows is the
person who led the charge against John
Boehner in 2015 and now he's got Steve
Bannon in his pocket talking about how
to oust Paul Ryan as Speaker of the
House now Paul Ryan has been
exceptionally ineffective since he took
over for John Boehner and yes most of
that is his own fault and while I'm
happy that Paul Ryan has not been able
to pass a single thing on his agenda to
date it is worth noting that he speaker
the house with a majority of Republicans
in the house he's got a majority of
Republicans over there in the Senate to
back him up if needed he has a
Republican in the White House he has a
Republican majority on the Supreme Court
Republican majorities and state
governments when you fail at that point
yeah it's your fault
Paul Ryan was swept into the House
speakership as a member of the tea party
at the time and when he ran with Mitt
Romney which is why Mitt Romney chose
him to begin with he was a darling of
the tea party they loved him they loved
his hardcore libertarian stance on
economics his right-wing compassionate
conservatism
because he would go with whatever the
religious right wanted to say and now
Paul Ryan has found out when you're in a
position of leadership you can't be that
crazy you can't have these horrible
libertarian economic ideas and these
horrible Republican social ideas and
attempt to work with people across the
aisle who hate everything that you
propose because it goes against
everything that's good for the American
public
so Paul Ryan has matured a bit in this
role as Speaker of the House he still
believes all those horrible things and
he's trying to get most of them passed
into legislation but he does understand
that you've got to tame your stance on
some of the issues because you also have
to work with those Democrats on the
other side and they're not going to go
along with more corporate tax breaks
even though you keep pushing them
they're not going to go along with you
taking health insurance away from 22
million people in this country even
though you pushed it so that's why Paul
Ryan has been ineffective and so he's
trying to pull himself out a little bit
but it's not gonna work because to these
Republican purists these hard right tea
partiers in the house freedom caucus
nothing is good enough unless you're
willing to take everything away from
American citizens and give it all to
corporations because that is that all
they are about now the tea party was
formed as this little organization that
said taxed enough already
they were under the impression that
Obama was gonna somehow raise taxes even
though we actually lowered them for that
group but that's where they came about
stop misusing our tax dollars stop
spending all this horrible money but the
people who got elected under the tea
party banner are actually just taking
those tax dollars and giving them to
corporations in the form of tax breaks
in tax write-offs they've done nothing
to actually benefit those Tea Partiers
that we saw out there in those rallies
you know eight nine years ago but that's
how they came to office and that's what
they still claim to believe that doesn't
work in American politics and yet
somehow they have enormous influence
over what happens in the House of
Representatives and that's why Paul
Ryan's job today is on the line but
again there's no sympathy here for Paul
Ryan when you have majorities
everywhere and you're still not able to
get your own party in line to go along
with your horrible policies at the end
of the day the blame for that rests
squarely on your shoulders
