you know I want to talk I have a couple
more questions about abilify but
particularly I want to talk about the
opioid crisis but but you said something
at the end of the last segment that I
just I want to just pick your brain
about and that is you've been practicing
this type of plaintiff a law for decades
now and you've gone after some of the
biggest companies in the world if not
the biggest companies in the world who
have created products who have
distributed products of soul products
who have committed offenses against the
environment all basically to cut corners
so that their profit margin come off and
they can sort of push these
externalities on to society
he's has it gotten worse has it gotten
worse I mean are these corporations
finding because there's less
accountability of places like the
Department of Justice let's say that
they can get away with more and they're
just making a calculation we may have to
spend four hundred million dollars worth
of fines but that's okay if we're making
four billion dollars worth of profits
yeah it's it's worse it's worse than
that and they say we're going to
calculate we have to spend we're going
to calculate that for example we have
dumped opioids onto the public arena
knowing knowing that that what was going
to happen is what we call opiate was
diversion we knew they were going to be
pill mills B we built it into our
business plan we knew there was going to
be a drug trafficking if we built it in
our business plan we knew that these
ought this whole list of thing we knew
pharmacies were going to be over
prescribing that's part of our business
plan and so understand they they they do
that they do the calculations they know
for example McKesson paid you know in
excess of a hundred million dollars a
fine they were one of the they're one of
the distributors the big three or
McKesson Ameri source in Cardinal all of
them have paid a hundred million or more
in fines for doing these things but you
know so what they made six and seven
billion dollars a year so how does that
hurt I mean there's no harm done there's
no harm so they're able to business like
basically that's just another line
their budgets exactly for trucks we got
to pay for fine yeah when you look at
when you look at this the the the
finances of most of these big
corporations they just they just write
it off is a cost of doing business now
there's the other part of it though the
other part is how about the human lives
that are lost now right now for example
I'm going after the distributors those
three distributors I just mentioned I'm
going after them on behalf of the cities
and the state and the cities and the
counties not I am not handling the AG
cases that this is not a tobacco this is
not a repeat of tobacco this is a
different approach I handled tobacco as
you know and and I don't I think in the
end I don't know that the money and
actually ended up where it should have
gone completely here you have a County
for example that lost a hundred and
twenty million dollars because the
opioid crisis where they had to have
extra hospitalization they had to have
extra er they had to have extra police
they had to have extra dependency court
problems were you know used to be five
children a year we're taking away from
the parents now it's 80 children a year
because of the drug problem so they had
they had all these costs that were built
in to this opioid dump okay the
distributor's here's what's so amazing
about this story the distributors in
1970 were assigned the role as the
gatekeeper they were the people who were
supposed to be the gatekeeper they were
the people the one who were supposed to
make sure this didn't happen and they
were given special licenses for that
problem well so year 1 and year 2 it's
very obvious that it's happening soon as
they start selling year 1 year 2 they
take a look they're selling in year 1
they're selling about 150 million
dollars worth of the opioid year - it's
400 million and then what ends up
happening is they start seeing what's
happening see their argument Sam is this
wasn't foreseeable that all we are is a
distributor gee whiz we didn't do
anything wrong we didn't see this coming
let's assume let's go ahead and give
them that for year 1 and year 2 but what
about year 3 4 5 6 & 7 where they're
making 6 7 8 billion dollars a year and
the opioid crisis is so bad that heroin
has come in as the tail
of the crisis in other words opioids
come through people get addicted heroin
comes through those same people get that
got addiction on opioids are now using
heroin
so the problem this problem is not over
I mean the opioid crisis is not
yesterday's news it's happening right
now in places like Ohio in West Virginia
Kentucky Alabama all of these plate
these these cities that used to be
Pleasantville USA are now regarded is
Zombieland Sam
they literally there's a vernacular out
there and that is we created a new
zombie land in Columbus Ohio wherever it
may be and so so the problem is so
pervasive and and understand here's
another example of government saying oh
well we're gonna find the heck out of
them well you know 100 million fine
doesn't mean anything at some point Sam
you got to start putting CEOs in prison
right and then culture changes then say
then they say well you know Uncle Joe
did this with his company and he went to
prison maybe I shouldn't do this with my
company I mean it's it really is
stunning and the devastation continues
to to to mount I mean to this day we're
seeing elevated mortality rates we're
seeing increasing overdoses and and it's
like you say these destroyed communities
and this is when we talk about
externalizing you know the social costs
for profit that this is this is a
perfect example of it right I mean oh no
you can't get a better example you can't
get a better example they didn't care
look they've made all their money they
left town now if they've left zombie
land behind and now the the heroin the
heroin and meth producers they're in
they're in big-time there's a kid
there's a city down in Mexico called
Jalisco Mexico that is become part of
the industry they bring in black tar
heroin and they count on following the
demographics of the opioid distributors
in other words they know okay there's a
road map they can look up of collusion
numbers are different states and
counties
of course hey this is where we guess is
ready to go where our market let's go
let's go is basically a you know a
market report essentially yeah let's see
who's had the most overdoses let's see
where this is a biggest problem and
understand let me throw one other thing
real quickly the the salespeople who
worked for these companies like McKesson
and Cardinal they live right down the
road they see the headlines every day
they hear the newspapers every day the
Reap news reports every day they hear
the radio spot every day they drive by
the pill mill every day and they want to
say oh gee we didn't know yeah
