okay Trump's go to North Dakota there
are some political implications here but
we are not going to cover that instead
we're going to have nothing but fun here
he apparently randomly brought Ivanka
Trump because she apparently wanted to
come we're going to have a wonderfully
awkward moment with Donald Trump here
let's watch
come on funny shot bring Ivanka
sometimes they'll say you know he can't
be that bad a guy look at Ivanka come on
up honey she's so good she wanted to
make the trip she said dad can I go with
you she actually said daddy can I go
with you I like that right daddy can I
go with you I said yes you can where are
you going North Dakota said oh I like
North Dakota hi honey
it's so weird man you're such a weirdo
please stop talking she said daddy can I
come with oh please for corrects it
where are you going
but why did you want to go with him in
the first place if you do you don't even
know where he's going a job yeah North
Dakota we love North Dakota by the way
chief of staff John Kelly I'm gonna make
it slightly blurred ago was on the trip
as well as Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin and a couple of senators
including a Democratic senator they were
making deals she doesn't care about
North Dakota so she didn't want to miss
out on any of the political dramas going
on playing anyway but she finally comes
up let's watch hi North Dakota
we love this state so it's always a
pleasure to be back here no they've
never been there before in their lives I
didn't look it up okay she were they
there during the primaries in the
general election maybe it could probably
have the Trump's every travel to North
Dakota outside of a political context
ain't no Trump Tower in North Dakota
there's no Sun Valley like there is an
Idaho there's no fancy places and we
love North Dakota I wish there was a
reported you said oh oh please
name me one thing you like about North
Dakota it's next to South Dakota okay
let's keep it go you treated us very
very well in November and have continued
to so we like sharing the love back
thank you yes stop it by the way why did
you bring her up we love you North
Dakota thank you thank you daddy
they are so weird all right not an
important story we don't need to go to
DEFCON 1 or 5 which everyone was more
important here I'm just having fun
that's all watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it any way you like
at TYT Network comm slash join
