Donald Trump to the debt ceiling deal
with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and
he actually got a lot of credit for it
which makes sense you it's actually a
layup everybody raises it that's ceiling
you have to raise the debt ceiling
otherwise you entirely screw up the
credit of this country you'll screw up
the stock market it's disastrous to play
around with it but anyway I give credit
to the Democrats and Trump for making
this deal and so did the rest of the
press so then we have this report coming
out of Politico which greatly amuses me
because Donny tiny hands was apparently
thrilled about this he says in they say
in causal Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer in the house Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi Thursday morning Trump
raved about the positive news coverage
it had received according to people
familiar with the calls and he seemed
very pleased with his decision he is
such an amusing child oh yeah if you do
things that are popular you get good
coverage it's weird that he's surprised
by it and it's weird how excited he is
what did you think was gonna happen okay
he says Trump specifically mentioned TV
segments praising the deal and indicated
he'd been watching in a call with
Schumer two people said and he was
jovial and a call with Pelosi and agreed
to send a tweet she asked for about the
deferred action for childhood arrivals
program that's the daca program for
dreamers these people said while also
mentioning the deal had the deal had
gotten he indicated that both leaders he
would be willing to work together again
so he's like oh I got some presents
these things about me Jeannie okay you
know what Nancy and Chuck I'm in such a
good mood
how I work with you again you want to do
doc if sure who cares let's do doc oh
but wait didn't you just tried to kill
doc a couple of days ago okay but I
didn't know there is a nice thing about
me on TV what a child what a job good
why they're great great news TV people
keep saying nice things if he does
halfway reasonable stuff okay God he's
unreal man he's alright one unnamed
White House source said about the
positive news coverage he got which is
very rare for Trump quote he seemed
super upbeat
and and another unnamed White House
source said he told Nancy Pelosi he was
giddy and he said that he had gotten
good coverage of her so is she and he
said the press has been incredible
and look this is a positive story
overall I'm glad they did the deal I'm
glad that Trump was happy about it I'm
glad that he wants to make further deals
with Democrats as long as it's deals
were happy with and not on his terms on
giant tax cuts for the rich so overall
good news but even in his reaction to
this it betrays a naivete about how
things work that is borderline shocking
like you know that if you make this deal
I mean look even you could if you're a
conservative could even spend it this
way you know that the press is more in
line with establishment Democrats so if
you you deal with establishment
Democrats they're more likely to praise
you how is that a surprise to you you if
you lifted that ceiling you know that
how do you not know that the press is in
favor of that and that has nothing new
with them being for establishment
Democrats it has with them being
rational human beings so and then the
way that you get so excited if anyone
praises you it's just so sad he really
is a man-child but I'd rather have them
focused on kake news than fake news good
Johnny good Johnny
keep doing that Qi team membership gets
your commercial-free Young Turks
downloaded stream at podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
