so not only the Democrats lift the debt
ceiling with Donald Trump and strike
that deal they might have a deal coming
up for the dreamers Wow that's
interesting so first let me show you
some of the good feelings that Donald
Trump has towards Nancy and Chuck as
he's calling them that's Nancy Pelosi
and Chuck Schumer on the debt ceiling
issue he said beer we had a very good
meeting with Nancy Pelosi and Joe
Schumer and political reports Trump
appeared to give Schumer something of a
man hug in the Oval Office as grimacing
aides looked on I love that description
so now when it came to the idea of the
DREAM Act like so Trump said hey I'm
gonna end the executive order of Obama
on daca but he held out a very slim hope
in the beginning that hey maybe Congress
will do something and if they do I'm not
saying that I'm going to be opposed to
that bill well it turns out Nancy Pelosi
buddy Pelosi might have actually talked
him into it and she said I was telling
my colleagues this is what I asked the
president to do and boom boom boom -
tweet appeared and look I don't want her
to glow too much because I actually
wanted to happen but let's look at the
tweet now because I think she's right
about that and it says for all the Trump
then tweeted for all those daca that are
concerned about your status during the
six-month period you have nothing to
worry about
no action okay so look you can't trust
anything Donald Trump says so I'm not
gonna go and have a party over it but it
does appear that Nancy Pelosi asin's
between something and he did it was
something positive which is shocking and
so Pelosi then went on say the
president's said he supports that the
DREAM Act he would sign it we have to
get it passed that's a priority so what
was conservative reaction to that
hey wait should we do it one more time
let's go to video 11
and here is the tweet version of that
Ann Coulter writing possible 2020 slogan
I broke my promises betrayed my friends
they use my office help my family but
hey at least I'm not Hillary damn shots
fired fascinating turn of events for at
least on these two issues for at least
these two days apparently Donnie is now
tight with Chuck and Nancy and
conservatives are seething mad let's
hope it keeps up if you like the Young
Turks you'll love Young Turks membership
TYT Network comm sighs join
