apparently Infowars has a reporter named
Owen
shroyer no that's actually his name as
far as we know but everything they do is
fake so you never know and he went to an
anti-trump rally and he went talked to
parent lee women that were at that rally
and he decided to pick on a little girl
it didn't turn out well for him let's
watch god bless her hard boy that they
have that coming I don't know if she was
mad at him because she knows what
Infowars is and she was afraid that that
guy was 80% bear 80% chicken 80% gorilla
I don't know okay although he looks like
a humanoid you got a ass Alice jokes
about that or because he what a dick he
comes up to her younger little grown
goose what does she say how are you
young man so either way he more than had
it coming god bless your heart and
that's a true American patriot you just
watched there in that little girl yeah
Alex Jones turned out was he was pretty
mad at that girl who flipped off
Infowars this is what happened
afterwards
idiot alright anyways just having fun
just having fun
TYT membership gives you commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
