there is currently civil unrest in mine
Mar specifically regarding a an ethnic
Muslim minority in the region that is
referred to as the rahega now it's
devastating because the persecution that
they faced has gotten so bad that they
are fleeing the country as refugees and
entering Bangladesh hoping to find some
refuge there in fact over the last 10
days hundreds of thousands of people
have fled about 125,000 is the lower
estimate that we're seeing in reports
right now the latest violence in mind
Mars North Western Russian state began
on August 25th when rahega insurgents
attacked dozens of police posts and an
army base the ensuing clashes and a
military counter-offensive have killed
at least 400 people and triggered the
exodus of villagers to Bangladesh now to
give you a little bit of a backstory the
reinga Muslims are not given the same
rights as the majority of people that
live in mind mar the majority are
Buddhists and they don't consider the
Rohingya Muslim citizens and again they
are not given the same rights they're in
fact considered illegal they're not even
allowed to be there and so since they
have been treated unfairly in many cases
their villages have been burnt down
women have been raped children have
faced brutal violence some of the
insurgents have retaliated against these
police ports posts that belong to the
buddhist community and the
counter-offensive of course has used
disproportionate force and they do
target innocent individuals and as a
result they're fleeing the country it's
just it's really bad now Malaysia
believes that the matter of sustained
violence and discrimination against the
rangas should be elevated to a higher
international forum and that's according
to the Malaysian foreign minister and
there are other politicians in other
countries that are speaking out because
they want more attention brought they
want more action taken especially by the
leader of mine mark Turkey's president
air Dewan had a statement as well he has
the violence against the rahaga muslims
constituted genocide and told Sookie who
is the leader of mine Mart that the
violence was of deep concern to the
Muslim world and he was sending his
foreign minister to Bangladesh now how
is that for irony I could not be more
ironic coming from the Turkish president
funny that he considers that genocide
anyway okay so and it is genocide by the
way just to be clear but yeah they
targeted an ethnic minority and drove
them March them out of the country what
does that sound like so look I'm glad
that our Diwan is trying to fight for
the ROH hanga Muslims and we all should
to make sure that they are not treated
in this brutal way but the temerity of
him to mention the word genocide when
tur he doesn't recognize our Romanian
genocide we're an ethnic minority was
targeted and driven out of the country
that's an irony too ridiculous for him
to bring out but look on too many of the
points in this story so first off the
lack of humanity that we show towards
each other so consistently is of course
very depressing and and it is
unfortunately popular in Myanmar to do
this and they have a leader who led a
democratic movement and who was you know
lauded the worldwide for her efforts to
topple the authoritarian government in
Myanmar and she sits largely silent as
an ethnic minority in this case Muslims
are being butchered so it's not just the
Muslims who are fleeing that are saying
this by the way just like in that case
the Armenian Genocide why do we think
they fleed they just decided to 125,000
people in this case just decided to get
up one morning and run towards the
border no they run for their lives and
and even if you didn't believe
because there's something wrong with you
almost all not almost all of the human
rights groups that are monitoring
Myanmar say that is in fact exactly
what's happening
satellite imagery that Human Rights
Watch has seen shows 700 buildings
burned down in one village alone and
there are reports that they are putting
the Muslim civilians into huts and
buildings and then burning the buildings
down with the people still inside
there's a report of a six year old and a
9 year old who had their heads chopped
off so look the world is outraged when
Isis does this to ethnic minorities and
they should be and the whole world has
gone to war against Isis now in this
case it happens to be the minor the
Muslims who are the minorities and the
victims and we all largely sit idly by
and do nothing
so as horribly ironic as Airtours
comments are at least he's offering
assistance and and financial help to the
shabang Gladish who has now taken since
the council originally began a
apparently about 400,000 refugees i
don't know if you know this bangladesh
is not in great economic shape for them
to do that is they should receive all
the credit in the world and we should
all be helping bangladesh and trying to
make sure that we direct myanmar in the
right direction which is to say look
there's going to be at a minimum
economic consequences if you don't stop
what other human rights organizations
including fortify rights and and others
are saying is a pogrom that's happening
right in front of our eyes
so unfortunately inhumanity to other
people is not an easy problem to solve
so some people want to say oh it's easy
only the Muslims do it they are
inherently this way or their text cannot
be interpreted in any other way so it's
just them and they're the ones who need
reform etc and in fact they an example
of the peaceful religion that is most
often uses
Buddhism they said well the Buddhists
aren't violent like the Muslims so it's
obviously the Muslim religion that's the
problem well here we have Buddhists
chopping kids heads off and burning them
alive does that mean because Buddhists
are inherently worse people or Buddhism
and is an inherently worse religion of
course not but this is what happens when
minorities are are targeted and attacked
and so as a species we have got to find
a way to end this look I have a couple
of suggestions one is we gotta stop
separating at one another based on race
religion and all these other external
factors religion is not the only factor
but it is among the factors if there was
not Muslims and Buddhists people
wouldn't be dying they're likely or
they'd find a different reason but
whatever the reason is it's because
people got separated to us and them and
whenever they that happens massacres are
quick to follow and this is just the
latest one we've got to get these people
help immediately and god bless the
people of Bangladesh who are helping
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
