Donald Trump released a video on social
media talking about hurricane Florence
and the job that the federal government
has done in helping with the relief
efforts there anyway he said some
interesting things let's take a look
this is a tough hurricane one of the
wettest we've ever seen from the
standpoint of water rarely have we had
an experience like it and it certainly
is not good so luckily Trump did
investigation into this topic which is
important and after an interview with
water he has determined that it is the
wettest from the standpoint of water you
know because water has a perspective on
this and he did get that perspective a
lot of folks commenting online about
this understandably some of my favorites
were you know it wasn't life they could
have done a second take but no one has
the courage to tell the president you
sound like an idiot water doesn't have a
standpoint and it's always wet so
they're like great job Donald way to
beat you nailed it again you know you're
you're so good with words you have the
best words and so they just printed it
and put it out there it's just so good
by the way real quick tweet now let's go
to it one person tweeted the following
in response to this Franklin Roosevelt
quoted him saying the only thing to fear
is fear itself Abraham Lincoln those who
deny freedom to others deserve it not
for themselves and under a just God can
not long retain it and Donald Trump one
of the wettest we've ever seen from the
standpoint of water he's right though to
be fair water is quite wet even from its
own standpoint like what you see click
this subscribe button below and don't
forget to ring the bell to never miss
another video from the Young Turks
