members of the Mexican Red Cross have
traveled to Texas to help with the
relief efforts for victims of Hurricane
Harvey now even though there are
questionable tensions between the United
States and Mexico over Donald Trump's
proposed wall policy there are officials
in Mexico who feel that it is their
obligation and responsibility to lend a
helping hand and show solitude with the
victims of hurricane Harvey now one of
the Mexican Red Cross volunteers said
the following we all know that there are
some agreements and disagreements
between governments but for the Mexican
Red Cross and the volunteers from the
Mexican Red Cross we are more than glad
to be helpful and do some stuff to help
people which is strange because I
thought Mexico only sends criminals and
rapists but I guess in this case they
send people that actually help Americans
now some 25 trailers were being prepared
with rice beans coffee and chocolate
along with 300 beds nine generators
mobile kitchens telecommunications
equipment and personnel including
paramedics and doctors and that's
according to a statement by mexico's
foreign ministry Mexico is ready to help
those affected by Harvey it's a
demonstration of our neighborliness a
show of solidarity and that's according
to one official in Mexico Carlos sada
who is the deputy foreign minister for
North America so this is obviously very
welcomed by people who have suffered in
Texas as a result of the hurricane and
we might actually need even more help
from Mexico considering the fact that
hurricane Irma is expected to hit South
Florida in coming days and it is
currently a category 5 storm but by the
time it hits Florida it is allege that
it'll be a category 4 it's a nightmare
we're dealing with severe weather
conditions people are scared they're
panicking there are people who are
homeless right now as a result and so
any help we can get is of course
appreciated alright some context here
does Mexico help other countries that
are in need - yes do we help other
countries that are in need yes we do
that a lot and so we added to us for
that that's a
decent of us to do that but so I know
what some right-wingers will say they'll
say I was just a PR stunt they're just
doing this because of Trump except no
they've done this every time including
Hurricane Katrina back in 2005 they sent
in a lot of help and it was actually the
first time that Mexican Armed Forces had
been deployed in this case in Texas
since 1846 ok so but they in this case
they've sent that in oh no I shouldn't
have said that now the right wing is
like oh no the Mexicans are taking over
that's exactly why they're good no they
helped during Hurricane Katrina Anna was
greatly appreciate along with many other
countries and they're helping in this
case now but that's exactly our point
it's insane to think that they're only
sending criminals and rapists and and
anyone with two bits of sense should
know that but you know look there's
there's a teary-eyed refugee woman in
Houston and she was really moved by the
offer of assistance from Mexico because
boy she really needed it and she now
realizes that it was wrong to try to
shut out Mexico I have her statement
because it really stood out to me she's
in her 60s look I don't know what her
political identity is so I don't want to
speculate on that but she did say we
don't have time right now to put up
borders and block Mexico we need to come
all of us together and work together and
I like that she made that statement
because it's true right you know you
hear these people who are talking about
America first and Oh anyone who doesn't
want America first and doesn't want to
isolate all of our allies or just
globalist no no but we need help
like we need other countries we need
allies right and and when it comes to
these types of humanitarian efforts of
course they're welcome of course we want
their help and other countries want our
help and that's not to say that you know
we basically give a middle finger to
American citizens and give all this
foreign aid to other countries right but
it's just interesting that when it comes
to Mexico for some reason the right wing
only looks at the bad stuff right and by
the way they just completely generalize
about the entire Mexican population
Mexican immigrants about what they
actually contribute or don't contribute
to society they don't it's like they
turn a complete blind eye to all the
good things that come from our southern
neighbor yeah and whether it applies to
this particular woman or not I just want
all of you to I don't think I'm asking
for much to empathize with other people
and look at the whole context without it
having to actually apply to you
personally exactly like so every once in
a while there'll be you know in this
case right-wingers with other examples
that we've listed but like Rick Santorum
you wanted to lit limit medical damages
and then his wife had medical damages
and he did he didn't want to abide by
his own limits and they said he said but
yeah but that's my wife don't wait for
it to be your wife for you before you
say hey oh maybe people are really hurt
in you know situation X or Y or Z or
maybe there's really decent people from
those people that I consider the others
just open up your mind for a second and
realize that maybe just maybe we're all
human watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
