Republicans are back to once again
occasionally holding town hall meetings
but don't get too excited about it it's
not like democracy or anything because
it Pat Toomey's recent PBS aired town
hall a man was actually arrested for
asking a question that they deemed
disruptive let's watch coming to answer
our questions tonight and we've been
here for a while I probably haven't seen
the news can you confirm whether or not
your daughter Bridget has been kidnapped
the reason I ask is because that's a
reality of families now that's that's a
ridiculous question we're gonna move on
immediately to our next question now
immediately or next question look I
actually think so the way that he framed
it is unsettling okay it definitely is I
tended to be I know it's intended me
when we're gonna explain we're gonna
read the whole question soon yeah he
says we've been here for a while you
probably haven't heard the news there's
no way you're not unsettled by that so I
get that yeah you're gonna be pissed
about it but let the guy finish cuz he
was trying to make a really interesting
point yeah it really goes to the core of
why people hate politicians yeah and the
problem really is that they sort of cut
him off too early like all the
creepiness has already passed at that
point you could have gotten into the
actual question look look I have had
experiences of doing live shows and
people cutting in for a bunch of BS or
whatever and even in that case where
they weren't trying to make a serious
point have a dialogue we still heard
them out and responded they should have
done that
it's PBS they're gonna be a little bit
scared of course in fact Tim Fallon the
CEO of pbs39 said that it was one of the
scariest things I have ever been part of
oh Jesus okay well some of us lead
blessed lives but uh yeah and uh
spokesman for to me said the asking
questions that are based upon kid having
a child is not only reprehensible but it
is inherently threatening you know okay
now look look it's it's a dangerous road
to go down and I so I'm not a hundred
percent with him but for God's sake
to read you the rest of what he intended
l consumers have contacts so we didn't
actually see it there they kind of Moss
let's bring up his Facebook post that
the gentleman posted later on and the
important part is when you get to do you
know whether your daughter Bridget has
been abducted using the name a little
bit creepy let's keep it real whatever
you're feeling right now that's what it
feels like to have a daughter deported
thousands of fathers here in the valley
that live with that fear every day their
daughters have names too so here's my
question
do you unequivocally denounce any
attempt by the administration to reverse
daca which would hang the threat of
deportation over hundreds of thousands
of children the same age as Bridget and
so the thing is is this is the way that
it works
he's the politician the distinguished
gentleman as you always point out so if
you talk about him potentially losing
access to his child
this is inherently threatening get it
this is ridiculous cut his mic arrest
him taken the jail no charges were filed
but he did actually get arrested but if
you and hundreds of thousands of other
families might have your children
snatched away while you're at work or
while you're commuting or something like
that oh come on we're not even gonna
talk about that that's a waste of our
time to even discuss look that's how the
power imbalance works in this country I
think talking about people's kids is way
out of bounds I think going like his kid
could be deported hold on hold on and I
say that they're going to people's homes
are out of bounds and I know some
left-wing guys did that to Bill O'Reilly
I don't like that I know that he
threatens to come to people's house he
sends him as if people's house but I
don't like it on either side and I think
it's to personnel's to our on the other
hand well this guy is clearly me he
didn't actually go to Jimmy's house he
doesn't actually have Bridget okay he
was making a rhetorical point and he was
saying for a brief moment I wanted him
to feel just for the smallest moment
yeah or to feel what it might feel like
if your kids were taken from you and
taken away and so the point that he's
making is an intellectual one so if you
let him finish
it's it would have been an interesting
and if you actually bother to answer now
wait a minute though I know you're part
of the elite and it is unconscionable
for you and but shouldn't also be
unconscionable for the everyday American
for for people who live in this country
yeah and so if it's such a horrific
thought to you that I am banned
immediately and arrested but your eyes
pathetical is is threatening the actual
reality for millions of Americans is not
nearly as important to him as a pure
hypothetical that he had to think about
for two and a half seconds and and right
now the right wing may argue well Trump
taking deporting 800,000 people
including their kids and in the case of
dreamers they were all kids when they
were brought in they're not all
necessarily kids now well you could say
that's a hypothetical well the guy just
got arrested for his ethical to his
their initial charges were disorderly
contact and disrupting a public meeting
I think he's I think he's good now now
he's good now but that was the original
charges yeah so well then shouldn't we
arrest Trump I mean it but whatever
hypothetical it is it's a lot less
hypothetical than it was last week and
in six months it might be a lot less
hypothetical you know that dude asking
the question in the middle of a town
hall can't actually set laws right but
Trump and and to me and the others can
set laws and by getting rid of an
executive order has actually taken
action real action so we're not saying
threaten the establishment and their
kids or its course not that is
reprehensible leave Bridget alone but
but what we're asking you to do is to
treat the rest of us also as human
beings yes and that when when our kids
are endangered allow us to also feel
threatened and too worried about our
kids and please take that seriously
because that is an actual threat a real
threat that is could happen now is
likely to happen yeah so the disparity
in how we're treated is what is
unbearable to the rest of Americans but
the the folks on TV and the senators
they're blinded to it they just they
literally I don't think to me has even
considered that idea and look he's he's
a Republican politician we know that
most Republican politician seems to have
been born without whatever genes it is
that causes empathy but like you have to
try and fight to make him realize for
just a second that four of these
people whose lives you don't know about
or care about or experience pat toomey
they love their kids at least as much as
you love your child they're not just
hashtag Democrat larva or whatever
conservatives want to call them they
care about them just as much and they
care about their future and they're
scared of them being ripped away from
them in the same way that you would be
for Bridget that is what Pat to me
forcibly rejected having to think about
an actually experience even for a second
yeah and in the postgame I'm gonna give
you guys an example of a question just
like that very similar to that not just
like it a little less harsh but but one
that I gave a hypothetical that I asked
a law professor when I was a
conservative and and the reaction she
had and it's it's amazing you know it's
it is true that people want to shut down
speech that they are uncomfortable with
yeah no matter which direction it comes
from but the common theme is the same
rules do not apply to us yeah the elite
and the establishment are untouchable
and your kids are optional and if you
feel you know that we might rip them
away from you whatever that's not our
problem that's your problem and that is
what's driving Americans crazy about the
establishment yeah my last point is I
look forward to the videos from Tommy
Lauren and talk to Carlson about this
guy's free speech rights right it was
violated yeah yeah you're gonna go wild
tonight about it yeah look I'm sure
every right winger and Shapiro and all
those guys they're so angry right
they're protesting in Pennsylvania as we
speak anyway find out my story from when
I was a conservative TYT Network comm
/join if you become a member you support
the show and you get the post games
where we give you more personal stories
as well help us build independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
