back in May Donald Trump had a very
high-profile trip to Saudi Arabia you
might remember it it led to a couple of
odd moments like if we could bring up
this picture you might remember the orb
incident what that was about
I nobody gets that to this day to this
day I don't know no nobody understands
why they're all looking in different
directions or what it is that trumps
looking at or why his face is contorted
in a particular froggy way that it is
but look he had that meeting and there
was like the Saudi prince or whatever he
is did he see a ghost do you see a Djinn
whoa like he seemed freaked out and
Trump looked like he was like the main
villain in some sort of b-movie yeah
yeah like it's like he sees saurons eye
is kind of happy about it right where is
the Saudi dude has like the decency to
be freaked out by saurons eye and Milani
is like good one ball I don't have to
touch anyway so that wasn't all that
went on that trip actually turns out
that the Saudi government showered
Donald Trump and his family with over 80
gifts gifts that are weirdly luxurious
even by Donald Trump standards and so we
want to go back through a few of these
and then get into why there's
potentially some legal troubles with
this but first of all these are just
weirdly specific an orange and gold wool
robe lined with cheetah fur a blue and
silver wool robe lined with white tiger
fur and just in case you don't like that
but you still want to wear tiger you get
the purple tiger for one two so three
tiger and cheetah fur robes there are
like dozens of robes in this by the way
we're not gonna list them all then it
gets sort of weirdly Marshall now
there's a dagger made of pure silver
with mother-of-pearl sheath and various
designs one large sword a dagger a
leather ammo holder and holster and then
just in case backup daggers and swords
and holsters the hammer of Thor and Iron
Man mark to suit and I'm kidding those
didn't actually those weren't there but
lots of weapons multiple daggers which
they messed up okay if you want to win
over Donald Trump you give him a opulent
Tiger for
robe if you've got daggers and swords
that's how you went over me because I
want those that sounds literally one on
your shirt we got more but what is
what's your initial improv Trump figured
out once you tell them what my favorite
part in a second okay it's it's a
perfect combination of things that would
appeal to Trump but I want you guys to
understand the context normally the u.s.
president his first foreign visit will
be to either Canada or Mexico or our you
know the UK which we always say we have
a special relationship with now I
understand why Trump is not gonna go to
Mexico first I'll be the first great
trip for him but he ignored all this a
United Kingdom Sarah who cares right and
he went straight to Saudi Arabia which
we always thought was slightly weird and
so now that we know that he's been
shared with gifts and Louis he was
trying to do have business dealings with
them as well and so you begin to
understand the context of why on God's
green earth he went to Saudi Arabia
first and of course in return for all
this
they got 110 I'm sorry hundred ten
billion dollar weapons deal yeah and and
so that was the return gift it turns out
someone gives you shirts and scarves you
give them five hundred million dollars
of precision-guided munitions yeah and
and for by the way we're like oh the
Saudis gave him daggers a source
remember the Saudis actually do live by
Sharia law the one that Republicans like
Trump claim to be freaked out by and and
so there's some benign parts of Sharia
law so like how you get divorced I don't
agree with any of that either but at
least nobody's getting killed and then
there are bad parts of Sharia law
especially how the Saudis interpreted
not how everybody interprets it but they
have this same interpretation that Isis
does that is why they also chop off
people's hands and their heads and they
do it with swords like the one they gave
Trump I mean could you imagine if Trump
won and got an honorary sword from Isis
but these guys have the same religious
ideology but it's not just an ideology
it's a fundamentalist interpretation of
Islam that they act out that they
execute people with chop their heads off
with and every psycho Bravo
sword and a dagger from the Saudis okay
now finally the best one scary oh we're
getting it first of all let's jump
through these next two it's for
traditional shirts in black orange and
green with floral embroidery something's
gonna be such a fancy lad in its floral
embroidery anyway I'm just okay more
leather ammo holders and holsters how
many holsters is off by the way I don't
think he could properly fill out one
holster if you know what I mean
okay next four boxes of gold-plated coin
from Bank of Kuwait did they literally
just give him a bunch of gold are you
allowed to do that this is money that's
coins that's literally a mink gave him
coins that's I don't think you should
call abroad yes my favorite might be a
three painted boxes filled with various
small trinkets and children's books
which a Trump was reported as squealing
with delight and then saying oh Baron
will like these by the way the books
were above his reading level so they
messed up again I was surprised to see a
bronze Dewgong model which if you're not
sure what that is this is a dugong
although for trumpet aprotic more like
this it's a marine mammal related to a
manatee which of course is found in the
Saudi desert what I don't know but he's
got it let's see let's run through a few
others another sword a copy of the
Kuwaiti Constitution isn't as weird that
seems weird a sleeveless white silk
cotton garment which as soon as she saw
it Milani said please never ever wear
that a portrait of himself and three
chiffon dresses I think those are
separate I don't think he's in the
chiffon dresses in the portrait but
you've got multiple colors there and so
what was your favorite this without any
of these no no my favorite was the Giant
portraits of Donald Trump than any of
them
and not only that they put artwork
featuring the picture of the president
all over the buildings when he came in
yep
so now break it down they think okay we
got to appeal the Trump so he'll give us
whatever we want
what does Trump like he's obsessed with
himself he has an ego put Trump pictures
everywhere and then literally handed
pictures of himself if I went to a
crunch
they're like congratulations here's a
picture of you I'd like what right but
Trump is like yes remember what he
misused his own charity funds to buy
pictures of himself and dugong models
yes and belligerence that is the swords
and the daggers
he likes belligerence tacky oh I love
tacky the pale chiffon dresses and the
wool purple Tiger rug does a tiger oh my
god you probably who the hell would wear
this Oh perfect Trump's coming to town
right so look it's obviously really
funny but there is a more serious angle
this really fast
legally American officials may keep
gifts from foreign officials that are
valued at less than three hundred and
ninety dollars which doesn't buy you a
lot of Tiger fur last time I checked so
did they donate them did they give them
away well the White House didn't respond
to an email so you can kind of comment
from the New York Times so there is
every reason to believe that they broke
the law and kept thousands hundreds of
thousands or millions of dollars of
gifts from the Saudi government that
they are even right now in violation of
the law and refused to provide any
evidence that they're in accordance with
the law to be fair they keep a tiger
ropes eye but they've been interred in
the Kuwaiti gold this is a ceremonial
present we called dollars here you go
any dollars if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
