robert e lee might have been a dick but
some of his descendants aren't in fact
one of his descendants actually decided
to speak truth to power during the MTV
Music Awards and as a result he's facing
so much criticism from the parishioners
at the church that he works at that he
decided to step down now this is
Reverend Robert Wright Lee the force and
if you can recall it if you watch the
MTV Music Awards he went up on stage
with Heather hires mother Heather hire
was the victim in that hate rally where
a white supremacist decided to run a
bunch of counter protesters over now
during that speech here's what the
pastor had to say he said we have made
my ancestor an idol of white supremacy
racism and hate as a pastor it is my
moral duty to speak out against racism
America's original sin today I call on
all of us with privilege and power to
answer God's call to confront racism
head-on we can find inspiration in the
black lives matter movement the women
who marched in the women's march in
January and especially Heather hire who
died fighting for her beliefs in
Charlottesville
apparently some of her his parishioners
absolutely hated that speech and have
been criticizing him vehemently ever
since and as a result he has decided to
step down from that church he did
release a statement about this and it
reads as follows my presence at the
church as a descendant of robert e lee
and an outspoken opponent of white
supremacy had already attracted
attention but with my appearance on mtv
the media's focus on my church reached
an all-time high and he continued to say
a fraction of church members were
concerned about my speech and that I
lifted up black lives matter movement
the women's March and Heather hire as
examples of racial justice work the
church's reaction was deeply hurtful to
me so he says that he regrets that all
his speaking out led to this but he's
incredible you know the fact that look I
I wish that he didn't step down because
as he says it's a fraction of his church
and if he
is you know the pastor at that church
there are people who look up to him and
he's an important voice but with that
said I give him a lot of credit for
sticking to his guns and standing by
what he said so Robert Lee was the
original rapper city robert e lee was a
complicated character and and but but he
did lead the armies of the confederacy
in high treason against the United
States and their job was to protect
slavery and that was a state right that
they were fighting for so his son or I
mean his descendant here is his in a
sense not as complicated he's just on
the right side and it's actually not I I
fail to see how controversial it is
except for the fact that I think he's
actually I'm gonna be much harsher than
Ana his parishioners are dicks in your
language okay there he said a faction of
the church that we know knows if you
have a small percentage of the church
who are just big loud mouths the rest of
the leaders of the church will we'll put
that down and they'll say hey guys look
he's trying to do the right thing no
they're rebelling against this pastor
because he's against white supremacy let
that sink in for a second yep so now you
might even if you were a trump boater
and you hate black lives matter
first of all educate yourself I mean
black lives matter says our lives should
matter as well it seems like they don't
and here's our facts and statistics
about how we're disproportionately
targeted it's not to try to get any more
rights than any other people so if you
believe that you're wrong you just
flat-out wrong no Jake but you're trying
to reason with white supremacist they
don't dislike black lives matter because
they were misled into believing it's
like some terrorist organization they
don't believe black lives matter it's
that simple right so and so what are the
other things you're against are you
against him supporting Heather hire was
murdered by a neo-nazi a woman's March
okay so they don't agree with you
politically I presume but so there's
some women marching is that also prior
so no you're bad people and he had a
it's this guy right Robert rightly the
fourth had to say for this I offer my
heartfelt apology I understand my abuse
could be considered to be controversial
yeah that controversial and so just
because Fox News doesn't like them so
your parishioners they're bad bad people
they are they are there was enough of
them to want to kick you out and they
kick you out cuz you're against white
supremacy that's horrific
that's and these are the people
pretending to be for Jesus Christ who
said take everyone in treat everyone the
same who gave us Sermon on the Mount
you people are disgusting you never read
the Bible oh you read the Bible you're
like oh the Old Testament stuff where we
hate other people I love that part
serving down the man it's optional okay
turn the other cheek the Prince of Peace
all that stuff who cares that was just
Jesus being weak okay
but these were probably are for the
death penalty even though Jesus got the
death penalty right just then okay
didn't don't call yourselves Christian -
I don't know make yourself Satanists or
something just say yeah we're the Church
of racism and and be in favor of that
but you guys are dicks and it because
one your pastor happened to be a decent
person you drove them out of your
community so the reason why I give him a
lot of credit even though I wish he
hadn't apologized because he had nothing
to apologize for is because oftentimes
people make excuses
for those who are hateful because they
say well you know they're a product of
their environment and think about yes
points
think about the fact that he's a
descendant of someone who fought tooth
and nail to maintain slavery in the
United States he was preaching at a
church where some portion of the
parishioners believed in this type of
hatred and he still was an independent
thinker and knew right from wrong and
spoke truth to power like to me that
says a lot about someone and that's the
reason why I give him credit and we're
not equivalent okay
the I know were the those people those
hateful people in that church will say
what so okay you say we hate black
people but you
but no we don't okay that's preposterous
no one thinks that white lives shouldn't
matter no one thinks the cops should
randomly shoot unarmed white people
that's insane
no one thinks that men shouldn't have
rights only women should have rights
where a well the only thing the only
thing that we asked for is equal rights
for every person no matter what their
race or religion is that's supposed to
be the most fundamental part of our
constitution and our country and you say
no no I if you're for that you're not
allowed to be my reverend because you're
preaching love and i'm filled with
hatred just say it
just admit it okay stop hiding behind
whatever the hell your honey I don't
even know what you're even hiding behind
I mean you just fire this guy basically
drove him out of town I'm glad you
didn't tar and feather him
while you're at it because he doesn't
believe in white supremacy if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network comm sighs join
