if you want to have strong opinions on
something you should probably know all
the facts one place where you're
unlikely to get all the facts is the
headline to any given article now some
baby boomers learn that the hard way
after NPR published an article with the
headline get off the couch baby boomers
now it wasn't a political article it was
just a health article that talked about
some of the health ramifications of
being seated for a long period of time
when you reach a certain age right so
for baby boomers it's a lot more
dangerous if you're sitting all day
can I just pause for a second before we
get to the outrage by Trump voters I
wouldn't have thought that headline was
political in a million years I and I'm
not sure that I would have assumed it
was a health article I would have
thought it was more like a hey if you
want to get active get up off your ass
you know or you know take part in a
movement or at work or something along
those lines how do people see that
headline and immediately assume that not
only is it political but it's against
Trump but they did right so I could see
how baby boomers might read that
headline
and think it's judgy and sure I can see
but what's interesting is the people
that were upset about that headline and
immediately went to Twitter and started
criticizing it were Trump supporters so
yeah let me give you some of the
examples that really stood out to me the
NPR story again focused on the health
risks of prolonged sitting particularly
for those between the ages of 50 and 71
now here are what some of the baby
boomer or slash Trump supporters had to
say about this on Twitter again it's
very clear that they just read the
headline they never read the piece get
off the couch baby boomers we did get
off the couch and elected POTUS what we
need is the Millennials to get out of
their basements I love hurt I title our
Twitter's I'm not fake news any of that
yeah I'm not fake news I'm not any news
I don't even read it got you POTUS all
right Joe Connor not to be mistaken with
John Connor an avid TYT viewer and a
that we love here said get off the couch
Baby Boomers Millennials are lazy
bastards play with phone buttons and
hate the US a hashtag Magga hashtag do
something hashtag t-con hashtag trump
play with phone buttons and hate the USA
that's right that's right millennial I
like to play with buttons and I hate the
US no but right there it's probably your
average Fox News viewer a verge Fox News
viewers sixty-eight years old when
O'Reilly was around as my favorite fact
of all time his average viewer was 72
years old so for every 42 year old watch
just 42 that's not very young 42 year
old watching Bill O'Reilly he had have a
hundred and two-year-old watching okay
and you know the way they see the world
is those Millennials they're playing
with the phone numbers and they hate the
USA right but let's let's go back to Joe
Conners tweet for just one second and
read the first portion of it where he
says Millennials are lazy bastards just
take a second to read the article okay
you judge the article based on a
headline okay so anyway let's continue
another baby boomer slash Trump
supporter says are you kidding us we
don't have time to sit on the couch we
have to work to pay for your food stamps
and free stuff hashtag get a job okay
look this assumption that Millennials
don't work and now we're lazy it's been
disproven over and over again I'm not
even gonna get into it cuz it's just a
gigantic waste of time they're not gonna
hear it
but listen homegirl you're gonna be
collecting those Social Security checks
pretty soon guess who's gonna pay for
them Millennials so shut the fuck up
okay and by the way gladly I will pay
for them right gladly I pay those Social
Security taxes because I believe
patriotism is taking care of our country
making sure that we take care of the
elderly and those who are needy right
I'm not bitter about it but like get off
your high horse and stop pretending like
you're saving America with the work
you're doing okay like it's just so
pathetic and the whole thing drives me
crazy they feel like they're the only
ones who work exactly exactly and so
like Oh Millennials are all just lazy
now with and
and and blacks and minorities and
immigrants
everybody's lazy yeah the guy who
crossed the desert to be able to feed
his family and and and does jobs that
you wouldn't do in a million years
that's the guy who's lazy lazy right and
it goes on and on okay so but the best
irony is the one that Anna pointed out
you're talking about lazy you didn't
even read one word of the article so I
think you might have lost your moral
high ground
look I sometimes I get like amped up and
want to tweet something halfway through
an article like an idea will pop it in
my head but I'll read all the way to the
very last word in case I'm gonna be a
knucklehead and miss something right
right and and then of course I want cunt
if we're gonna do it on the show I want
context and we'll read around etc these
guys are like you know if the couch
paper boards got it got it
sons of bitches Trump's the best you're
the worst and you're lazy and I don't
care what the article says fakeness
by the way NPR change the headline they
added don't change anything for Christ's
sake so they change the headline by
adding the following or you may not be
able to later so get off the couch baby
boomers or you may not be able to later
don't appease idiots Jesus Christ man
and we got to argue with people who are
empirically unintelligent I would just
laugh at it and have fun with it it's
fun it's you know believe I know but we
we live in an insane and by the way
politically correct world where you
NPR's in a position where they don't
want to offend the snowflakes who are
too stupid to read their articles
they're like yes we grant you that they
are stupid okay they won't you can't say
it but they I mean by definition right
they attacked us for something we didn't
say but we have to appease them anyway
because of political correctness yeah if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
