an ohio cop has been accused of shooting
and potentially killing a photographer a
photojournalist in the area this
happened in New Carlisle Ohio and the
photographer Andy Grimm was looking for
a specific area to shoot lightning with
his camera prior to a storm now he
shared the fact that he wanted to do so
on Facebook asked people for
recommendations so there's his post and
then he finally found a place that would
be ideal to take these pictures Grimm
was driving along the town's Main Street
when he noticed a traffic stop ahead he
said he pulled into a nearby parking lot
in full view of the police officer on
duty intending to take photographs there
now that was when he was shot because
the cop his the cop his name is Jake
Shaw mistook the camera gear as a weapon
and just shot at him now luckily Andy
Grimm is expected to make a full
recovery he was shot in his side and so
it was not a life-threatening wound but
what's even more interesting about this
story is that Andy Grimm knows the cop
who shot him and doesn't want him to
lose the job his job over this so Grimm
said he was shot without warning when he
emerged from his vehicle and began
setting up his tripod and camera here's
what he had to say about the cop I know
Jake I like Jake I don't want him to
lose his job over this and apparently
since this is a small town and everyone
seems to know each other they're people
in that town are also supporting the cop
for instance one resident says I'm sure
Shaw didn't shoot Andy on purpose
another says Andy we are praying for you
right now Shaw you're a good person and
a good cop your job is not easy you're
both in my prayers tonight
now some did argue that okay he pulled
the trigger without really thinking that
is not a good idea he should lose his
badge over that but the sense that I get
is the community is kind of siding not
siding with the cop but just not wanting
any consequences okay so I'm split on
that because on the one hand of course
he's a terrible cop without asking who
the guy was turns out he knows the guy
without coming so close enough to even
be able to tell who it is just a guy in
a parking lot just
parking lot oh who cares just shoot him
just and okay if it hit him in that he
could have easily died he could it not
just hit him in the head it could hit
him anywhere and you get a blood out and
I don't care I'm just gonna shoot him
that's a terrible cop okay so of course
he should lose his job that's point one
on the other hand they're not all
terribly wrong it's not just Shaw's
fault it's the community's fault who's
backing him who think oh it's a tough
job so now you just if you're in a
parking lot somewhere and what you have
anything that looks large cops can just
murder you that's what you're saying
when you say it's a tough job it's a
tough job what can you do what is he
gonna warn him is he gonna say freeze
you're under arrest
is he going to actually come anywhere
near him to see what the hell's going on
or is he just gonna blindly shoot out
it's a tough job just blindly shoot into
parking lots to see what happens and
it's because for the millionth time
because of the god damn training the
training is don't ever take a risk with
your life and it might be your friend
over there in the parking lot but murder
him first and then find out later if he
had a camera or a gun well look I I
agree that the training has something to
do with it but I also think and you did
you know imply this a little bit in what
you said look I think that the way that
we treat shootings is very different
today than it was a decade ago right so
somebody opening fire a cop opening fire
was a serious issue before right like
you had to prove that you were in
imminent danger that someone posed an
imminent threat and so no one would make
an excuse I I mean look no one would
make an excuse in this specific context
where you have a white photojournalist
just pulling out his tripod not even he
didn't even interact with the cop right
just doing his job in the general
vicinity right like if if that had
happened 10 years ago I feel like people
would have taken it a lot more seriously
I remember just five years ago doing the
stories about the tasers being overused
and people were up in arms about that
now if a cop uses a Taser on the wrong
person is like oh my god oh thank god he
used a Taser and not a gun so I think
another problem is the way we treat
these stories the way we talk about
these stories the way we make excuses
for these types of cases because this is
serious
luckily Andy Grimm didn't lose his life
but he could easily could have rights
and we're also another factors were
militarizing the police so if you
remember what why Chelsea Manning went
to jail
one of the things that she released
about what we done in Afghanistan in
Iraq was the Apache helicopter video and
if you remember what happened in that
video it was our troops and they had
seen reporters on the ground but they
didn't realize they were reporters they
mistook their cameras for weapons and
they opened fire they didn't ask and
that look you see the excuse of people
made for them
by the way none of them went to jail and
then first responders came to bring the
people to the hospital and our guys shot
at them and killed them - ok that's a
war crime but not one person spent a day
in jail except Chelsea Manning who
released that information so we know
what went wrong but what do we do we
excused it so hey you know if it's a
camera
but maybe you thought it was a gun from
up in the sky who cares murder him and
then we'll figure it out later
but that was in the middle of a war zone
literally but well now we've turned and
it was inexcusable in the middle of a
war zone but now it's in the middle of
America and so here we are in the middle
of Ohio and somebody takes out a camera
investigate go over there and ask him
what it is
no cops don't take even 1% of a chance
of a hangnail ok I mean a paper cut I'm
not gonna take a 1% chance I was trained
that my life is way more important than
any of the citizens lives so if I think
anything even a shopping bag I don't
know a shopping cart whatever looks like
a weapon I'll shoot you from a mile away
I don't care as long as I'm not taking
any risk that's what my commanding
officer taught me all across the country
they told us cop lives matter more than
any other lives and if you have any
doubt at all kill them and then sort it
out later and in this case it happened
to be a friend but actually that's more
telling you didn't bother to check that
it was your friend that's why it doesn't
matter what your race is it doesn't
matter what your socioeconomic status is
doesn't matter if you're productive
member of society who's never broke in a
single law in your life if you wouldn't
Bolden this type of behavior everyone's
at risk right everyone so for all the
people who think that this is just a
race issue and it only affects black
people and you don't care about black
people first of all you're a terrible
person but secondly don't think that
you're safe just because of the color of
your skin this affects everyone if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
can download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
