Hilary Clinton supporters have started a
new platform called Verret no no guys
guys no that's not right that's not good
it's there vermin oh that's definitely
not right look that up in urban
dictionary no no come on guys go on let
me see fair come on it's not even that
clever come on there we go okay very
problem okay what we're giving them
credit were giving them props so it is
run by Peter Dao and it is now endorsed
by Hillary Clinton and what is it so
first Hillary endorsed said a couple of
days ago she said I'm excited to sign up
for a vermut and meet I'm sorry Barrett
a media platform for the sixty five
point eight million will you join me and
sign up too well if that's a little
question I've got an answer for you I
know a lot of people do the I love sixty
five point eight first of all do you
know that 20% of our own voters now say
yeah no never liked her in the first
place what was I supposed to do Donald
Trump was other candidate okay so let's
knock off a you know at least 13 million
off that total right now and just
because they voted when there was only
two selections in reality in practical
terms does that mean they love her
it means you give me these two people
what am I gonna do I guess I gotta vote
for her but anyway it doesn't matter so
she supports it it apparently was around
four months but nobody noticed it's so
sad what happened I thought you were
scented sixty five point eight million
people Barrett anyway so now that the
people noticed I Peter down who started
the web sites like starts putting out
all these tweets it's like yes notice
this and it's only because we got the
Clintons to to shine their spotlight on
and that's the only the only thing they
ever have anyways name recognition okay
so down Wright's thread exciting news
Hillary Clinton endorses very very
surprising since all they do is fluffer
the media platform we're building for
the sixty five point eight million okay
then he goes on to say
Liat Lila Dow and I found it very
because Hillary Clinton voters an
inspiring leader verse coalition are on
rappers
in the media whoa okay immediately
second tweet are you kidding me
80% of the people on TV are Hillary
Clinton voters and Hillary Clinton
supporters and bashed Bernie Sanders
more than they bashed Donald Trump
well what TV are you watching what
establishment meteor are you drawing on
The Washington Post that road 16
negative articles about Bernie Sanders
in 24 hours or is that the media that
doesn't have Hillary Clinton
representatives who the hell do you
think's on TV it's a wolf you can't you
barely there's like one and a half
Bernie Sanders supporters on television
and then they you've got the Geoffrey
Lords and a couple of cooks that you
have the supporting Trump everyone else
does that Hillary Clinton supporter but
that's the only reason she won the
primary is because the media and
television was obsessed with it look
good you couldn't it's a Clinton Bernie
Sanders photo s why tell us why you
won't be just like Venezuela or Cuba
right now okay every single debate
moderator was a Hillary Clinton
supporter name me one moderated that you
think had a snowball's chance in hell of
voting for Bernie Sanders
none of them these people live in an
alternate reality where the health
establishment Democrats we just can't
find them in the media preposterous okay
number three there it is necessary
because we need to talk about how
misogyny sexism and racism plague our
politics and impact our elections now
look if you're talking about Donald
Trump and those guys sure fair enough
and in fact the one comment of Hillary
Clinton's I supported was when she said
half of them are deplorable they are and
there was no reason to back down from
that comment but he's not just talking
about that in fact right before the show
here let's go to grab 58-51 now he says
we made a graphic about this just before
we got started because it came to my
attention he's of course talking about
the left as well because if you've been
fighting racism and sexism for your
entire life and you are impractically in
favor of african-americans and women and
their rights in a way that they consider
unreal
somehow somehow you're more racist than
sexist okay down tweeted apparently to
expand on my chapo tweet people like
them and TYT
make a living echoing anti-hillary
themes that marginalize women and people
of color harm us all oye Pete what am i
I don't know I think the right-wing
think I'm enormous Lee Brown I know your
family's originally from the Middle East
so is mine
except yours was Christian mine was
Muslim you want to keep playing this
game this is stupid identity politics I
trust me that someone was born into a
Muslim family with the name Jake huger
is not considered part of the white
establishment so and but on the other
hand our second-biggest host is Ana
Kasparian
who of course is sexist no no no don't
you god you people are disgusting you
use racism sexism which is absolutely
real from the right wing as a shield
from people who are more progressive
than you and you use it as a spirit to
attack people
we don't you can't say anything about it
or couldn't your searches if you do some
african-americans vote affirm well right
now Bernie Sanders polling at above 80%
with african-americans he's not only the
most popular politician in the country
it's the most popular politician for
african-americans you keep attacking
Bernie Sanders day in and day out I
guess you must be a racist hey junior
are they racist cuz I think they must be
racist did you I bet you better you
better not have criticized Junior
because if you disagree with a word
junior says you're a racist you disagree
with a word I say you're a bigot okay
hey anybody can play this game and I
actually don't think Peter dower Hillary
Clinton our biggest or racist or sexist
we don't have we don't have to make up
stuff about them their record stands on
its own first of all they lost the
Donald Trump why are you still in our
lives go hide in a cave where you belong
okay second of all your record of
selling out to your donors is crystal
clear we don't have to make up things
about you
third of all make up your mind
we too liberal or are we racist and
sexist which one is it oh don't and so
the only other possibility is that
you're gonna agree with Trump oh the
most liberal people in the country are
actually the races from the sexist go on
say it Pete say it Hillary Clinton you
want to say you want to agree with
Donald Trump these people are monsters
okay not anywhere near done
here it comes by the way I had all this
ready then attack on TYT amuses me it's
nothing okay
so nice preemptive strike let's see if
that helps you anyway number for the
Verret is necessary because if your
quote still with her Jesus God help you
you and dork constant harassment and
bullying from the radical right and the
fringe left wait is there nobody
representing media and Hillary Clinton
the media or anybody a poster is the
fringe left which one is it or has the
fringe left somehow taken over all of
the mainstream media you see this their
victim for everything but nobody else
dead on freely but Hillary represents
everybody and everybody else on the left
is the French French losers should never
be allowed in the media which one is it
be which one is it you don't care boohoo
I fucked up the election cry for me I'm
gonna fight him and him and Russia and
Bernie and somebody else and TYT and
somebody chopped or whatever and Charlie
Chaplin it's not our fault it is your
fault you ran the election you lost it
you put Donald Trump into office okay
favorability poll because I hear that
everybody else is French and and
everybody and the country loves Hillary
Clinton they're 65 point eight million
people voted for right now this is
actually in July Bloomberg pauses latest
poll we have Hillary Clinton's thirty
nine percent favorability Donald Trump
forty one percent
she's below Donald Trump how could any
politician in the country be below
Donald Trump thirty nine percent
Oh what's Bernie Sanders over sixty
percent in every poll number one most
popular politician in the country
the one you said couldn't beat Donald
Trump the one you said shouldn't run a
still with her is she gonna run again um
come on make that mistake make that
mistake come on run again that'd be
awesome and have people on your campaign
will work out great
in fact hire every single Washington
establishment sellout that was on your
previous campaign they're a bunch of
geniuses please please hire them again
and run again make our day number six
Barrett is necessary because future
generations deserve to know the facts
about how we got here or the same in
justices will be repeated what in just
everything I mean look they make
right-wing propaganda and stereotypes
look true these are special snowflakes
who had how many billions of dollars to
run this election you had more name
recognition than anyone in the world and
you still lost you had the entire
Democratic establishment behind you and
you still lost you had every advantage
there it was and he was still lost and
now you're sitting here crying about in
justices you helped the DNC look we
don't have to get into wringing of the
elections but then they tip the balance
through the debates through closing down
poll stations etc in every way
imaginable just believe the emails did
they help make sure that Hillary Clinton
won the primaries yes and then you have
the nerve to talk about in justices and
Donna Brazile leaking questions to you
guys but there's no Hillary supporters
in the media and oh my god all we had
was in justices number seven Verret is
our way of declaring independence
repudiating false narratives and telling
our own story Oh finally somebody
telling Hillary's story eight hour plan
daily regular rigorously verified info
and analysis weekly Dow podcast this
fault can't wait
premium version oh that's awesome and
their TV on YouTube well look you guys
have sixty five point eight million
people right so I'm sure you'll zoom
right past you RT I mean you're crying
about TYT every single day don't worry
are 11 million subscribers I'm sure
you'll pass it just like that are seven
billion views online it's not a problem
for you guys you've got all these
wonderful people
one for you she's so popular premium
version I'm sure people can't wait to
pay for what you got good luck with that
business model see how that turns out
alright number nine says growing variant
won't be simple but with your help we're
confident can be done
join us and spread the word I know all
those people clamoring like oh the
establishment could just get back in
charge everything would be alright where
do I donate you want to compete online
welcome to the jungle okay can't wait to
have you all right so people went on and
said okay so what has very published
because they've been around for months
I'll give him credit here's a fact I
didn't know mosquitoes are responsible
for more human deaths than any other
animal on earth including other humans
that's a fascinating fact am I not
merciful I just pointed that out as a
Kudo to Varrick then I don't know if you
guys saw this quote from Donald Trump
it's so funny
Kofi Fei they found that the drum said
that Wow
groundbreaking a couple of months late
okay and then they have quotes from
Hillary Clinton wait I thought this is
supposed to be about verifiable facts
that's why it's very they had like
authentication code so you know it's not
fake news so here's a quote what are
they so afraid of me to some extent
because I don't die despite their best
efforts Hillary Clinton are detractors I
hope oh they're all good they have an
author authentication code that's a real
quote that fact is really gonna help
people in America god man this whole
thing enterprise why don't they just
sing better man it just been done with
it okay here's one more Bernie Sanders
and the mainstream media helped put
Trump in the White House
we're running a poll by the way on
whether Hillary Clinton or Bernie
Sanders is responsible for Hillary
Clinton's loss okay tea white tea
network.com slash lost it's a great
mystery nobody's figured it out
I hope there's an authentication code
for our poll once it comes out the
results come out the balls on this tweet
in Wisconsin and other key swing states
Hillary Clinton won the majority of
voters who said the economy was their
top concern oh please have the decency
to shut up
you lost Wisconsin and you said that
Wisconsin was unusable you said it was
part of your blue wall and then the
night the white walkers would never get
past it and they did and now you're
talking about well I mean on some of the
polling issues in Wisconsin we won but
you didn't put actual vote in Wisconsin
that's why we have a monster in office
please have the decency to shut the fuck
up about it oh but did you know that
some of the people in Wisconsin actually
like this yes not enough of them okay
here's another one so now people start
to make fun of the authentication code
in the so called facts so you get this
one they quote a very quoted you joy
Reid I didn't see that coming okay and
then Enrique writes in is this fact
verified by who is the whole point of
this site to retweet random Lib pundits
okay and Joey did turns out supports
Hillary Clinton boy that is a surprise
to me all right here's another one they
show this checks out I ran this through
ferret and got my dowel authentication
code and it was a quote from this
gentleman Virgil Texas it cannot be
overstated what a gigantic fuckup
Clinton's campaign was it may have been
the biggest self owned in u.s. electoral
history okay but no they have an
authentication code so it must be true
and then at the very end after all this
attention the website can't handle the
amount of people that came hey god bless
their hearts so of course what is this
it's a crime it's an injustice the
Russian / Bernie Sanders did it so doubt
tweet so once again we've confirmed
a denial-of-service attack on Verret
after Hillary Clinton endorsed the
platform we'll get it back up ASAP
Thanks now I don't know if it was an
actual ddos attack or just there have a
crappy website they didn't expect more
than 11 people to ever show up and he of
course has no proof of it but he's like
it's a highly sophisticated attack by
the racist sexist on the left who are
aligned with the people on the right and
that's why Hillary lost it's verified
it's got an authentication code okay
this is one of the saddest things I've
ever seen
luckily this will be among the last
times you hear about it unless the idiot
pundits on TV queue hyping it up is it
will have no actual viewers or readers
if they do a premium service
no one will partake in it it will be an
absolute disaster help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
