Xavier polymerase was is is the CEO of
the US Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and
he was actually part of president
Trump's diversity Council so he was
trying to help Donald Trump even though
Donald Trump has been against Latinos
all along now you're gonna see why in a
second but apparently killing daca and
ending the dream of the dreamers
apparently was a bridge too far for
Xavier so he was on television today and
said this I officially resigned from
that Council effective immediately
so you've already turned in your
resignation letter to the Trump
administration there is no letter this
is it this is the resignation I don't
see the point in continuing to try to
work with people that clearly don't see
this issue the way I do you know I tried
to work as hard as I could with this
administration on this issue and I
continue to want to work with them on
other issues like tax reform like health
care reform and so many other important
things but I really don't see the logic
in doing what we're doing right now look
in some ways that I want to join the
parade in in appreciating his actions I
like that he woke up and realized the
dream was over on the other hand if you
notice what he said he's like I still
want to work with the administration on
tax reform in other words look I knew he
was against us but god I wanted those
tax cuts I wanted him so bad and I still
do I still do and that's why I want to
work with this monster but all right god
damn it now that he's going after these
dreamers and by the way not I hope it
affects Javier's Contras but certainly
everyone around him is probably asking
to me you're still working with that guy
so now he gets to turn around and say no
no no I am quitting the council
immediately and look I appreciate any
action that's the right action so I'll
give him credit for that but notice that
the very next sentence was but on the
other hand tax cuts
if you're gonna have morality and
dignity try to stay on message for two
sentences if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
