our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt back in 2015
Brett Kavanaugh gave a speech at
Catholic universities law school and
during that speech he said something
interesting especially given some of the
sexual assault allegations against him
today take a look at what he said during
that speech we had good saying that
we've held firm to the to this day as
the Dean was reminding me before before
the talk which is what happens at
Georgetown Prep stays at Georgetown from
that's been a good thing for all of us
look that's certainly not dispositive a
lot of people have said that because of
the Vegas tagline and he's kidding
around but what happened next is
interesting and what TYT investigates
has uncovered exactly so TYT
investigates looked at the documentation
that he submitted to the Senate
Judiciary Committee of course this is
part of their review in the confirmation
process so he's supposed to disclose as
much as possible including some of the
speeches that he's given now TYT
investigates found that Cavanaugh's
claimed that what happens at Georgetown
Prep stays at Georgetown Prep was
a-sayin of his in high school that does
not appear in a transcript of the speech
he submitted in response to the Senate
Judiciary Committee's questionnaire so
they asked for this documentation he
submitted it he submitted the speech but
he took that part out of the speech out
of the transcript
yeah and Jonathan Larson broke this
story he makes it clear later
it's the transcript appears an essay
form as it appeared in the spring 2016
issue of the Catholic University Law
Review so he spoke in 2015
they put it in the Law Review in 2016
and and that's and they took it out of
that particular transcript so it's not
clear if Cavanaugh asked them to take it
out or after school for whatever reason
made that decision on their own TYT
reached out but
got a very generic answer from the
school that was not that didn't prove
anything either way they said the Law
Review publishes articles submitted by
legal scholars and practitioners on a
quarterly basis so that doesn't really
address the question now why is this so
important well if Cavanaugh asked that
that part be taken out of the transcript
he would have asked back in 2015 or 2016
well before the allegations came out in
2018 so what made him concerned enough
to ask them to take it out of the
transcript not only that he then
submitted that transcript to the Senate
and so it had to be accurate and it was
not accurate and and the part that it
left out was not irrelevant it was not a
just a random anecdote about something
that happened in at the school cafeteria
it was it was a anecdote that was
exactly relevant to these allegations
well so I want to give you the entirety
of that part of the speech because I
think even when you add even more
context to it it's I don't know I find
it more interesting so let's go to
graphic 12a so he had said Mike bid will
dawn
Urgo and filled Merkel all people the
FBI should speak to and they were all
good friends they were good friends of
mine then and are still good friends of
mine as recently as this weekend when we
were all on email together but
fortunately we had a good saying that
we've held firm to to this day as the
Dean was reminding me before the talk
which is what happened that Georgetown
Prep stays at Georgetown Prep that's
been a good thing for all of us I think
that was the original speech that's a
speech he gave but then in the version
that was submitted in the transcript he
said I'm proud to say that three
Georgetown Prep classmates of mine Mike
bid will Donner go and Phil Merkel
happened to be 1990 graduates of this
law school they remained very good
friends of mine and they well reflect
the values and excellence of both
Georgetown Prep and this law school so
he will be testifying on
Democratic senators should ask him did
you take that part out and why did you
take it out why would you know in 2015
or 2016 to take out that part if you
thought there was never any allegations
against you
so if because if he had left it in okay
they did a lot of drinking back in the
day no one cares about that okay it's so
if you said oh just kidding around and
we did a Georgetown Prep when we drank
when we were underage and we shouldn't
have stayed at Georgetown prep and you
didn't have a guilty conscience at all
you'd leave that in why wouldn't you
leave that in why would you try to take
it out but if you're worried that some
allegation is gonna come forward that is
far far more serious than you would take
it out and that means you knew about it
because right now Cavanaugh is claiming
all right I might have known her in
passing but I didn't know who was gonna
accuse me before she revealed herself
because this never happened no incident
like this had ever happened
so golly gee I wouldn't know anything
about this and so now there's also
evidence that that they knew each other
before then so him saying I knew her in
passing seems you know also a little bit
questionable but this is a question that
must be asked in the hearings who took
out that statement and why did they take
it out yeah I think it's very relevant
so we'll see we'll see if anyone asks
that question but I am curious what his
answer is yes and as always I want to
thank all of you guys that made T YT
investigates possible that's your
reporting team that's bringing out
important revelations and questions I
should be asked in a very important time
in American history here and please go
and check out all the articles at TYT
comm slash investigates and if you're
watching this later we'll have the link
down below in the description box some
great great stories quoted from Bernie
Sanders all the way to the New York
Times from great reporters like Kent
clippin Stein who revealed that that
we're trading Saudi pilots who might be
doing doing the bombings of civilians in
Yemen here in America now
drones going to the border so many other
important stories that have been broken
by the TYT investigates crew the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT comm slash app
