just when you thought hurricane Harvey
was bad enough here comes hurricane Irma
it's almost as if we said that there
might be a lot of severe storms and when
I say we I mean are very easy reporting
of what all of the world's scientists
said so hurricane Harvey was a category
4 when it first hit Texas there was
devastation that is not hurricane Harvey
oh no that's a new one that's hurricane
Irma and that is not a category 4
category 4 is very high there's only one
thing higher and that's category 5 and
that is what hurricane Irma's so even
bigger than hurricane Harvey and here
comes this monster barreling down the
Caribbean and is going to hit Puerto
Rico it is gonna hit Haiti it is gonna
hit Cuba and the Florida Keys is very
likely and they are worried about more
extensive damage in Florida but Puerto
Rico is in a world of trouble
so people are already lining up to get
food they've already freezed frozen the
prices of all the essential goods
because sometimes people do unethical
things like jacking up prices during
disasters and our Puerto Rico is already
in a enormous financial mess because of
the rules that we apply to Puerto Rico
in Puerto Rico alone which is deeply
discriminatory and ridiculous that needs
to be reformed but this Congress has not
done so the rules that are hamstringing
Puerto Rico's economy do not apply to
any state in America it is just
preposterous
so their governor says despite the
economic challenges Puerto Rico is
facing the approved budget has 15
million dollars for emergency fund are
you kidding me herkie and harvey caused
billions of dollars of damage 6 billion
has already been approved for about a
month of spending to recover from
Hurricane Harvey they got 15 million
dollars for this storm this is not going
to go well and Porter here is gonna get
hit first and harder apparently than
Florida god help those people down there
to give you a sense of how dire the city
raishin is the u.s. island territory and
by the way yes Trump voters it is a
United States island territory home to
about 3.4 million people has only 556
emergency shelters prepared to house up
to just sixty two thousand one hundred
people with over three million people in
harm's way
I don't think shelters for sixty two
thousand people is going to cut it so
but Rick Scott in Florida the governor
of Florida has already declared a state
of emergency saying that Trump will do
all he can to help Florida whether he'll
help Puerto Rico is a different story
god help you guys down there again
on that count let me show you some of
the shelves on supermarkets in Florida
gone everybody's stacking up on
essentials like water canned goods etc
just when you think things couldn't get
any worse here comes superstorm Jose
this is now the third storm and it is
and it's following hurricane herma it's
now in the Atlantic in fact let me tell
you about it it's actually a tropical
storm at this point tropical storm Jose
is formed in the open Atlantic far from
land Jose is located to the east of
Hurricane Irma which is a powerful and
dangerous storm heading towards Antigua
and perhaps the United States so I want
to show you guys a video from Al Gore's
presentation it's video number nine so
he didn't Inconvenient Truth he told
folks in that movie over a decade ago
about how there's going to be flooding
in major cities cuz starters laughed
with Houston underwater I don't think
we're laughing anymore and he said there
would be more storms and the storms
would be more severe but there was a
seagull that just came out of Nicomedia
sequel and along with that was a ten
minute presentation you know we'll put a
link down below for you guys cuz it's
just ten minutes I want you to watch it
because it's amazing it has all of the
data and a lot of this in the longer
movie as well but I want you to watch
this because he did not do this
presentation after hurricane Harvey he
did it before hurricane Harvey look at
how appreciate it sounds watch as a
result all this heats being trapped and
the air term
Richard's going up quite dramatically
and this is causing record-breaking year
16 of the 17 hottest years ever measured
with instruments have been since 2001
and the hottest of all was last year and
of course heat itself is a problem in
many parts of the world many parts of
this country but on a global basis more
than 90 percent of all this extra heat
energy is going into the oceans and
they're heating up pretty rapidly and
this makes the ocean based storms like
hurricanes and typhoons and cyclones
stronger and more destructive and it
also disrupts the water cycle because
the water vapor coming off the oceans is
increasing very significantly as the
oceans warm and that's carried over the
land and falls in much bigger
precipitation events both rain and snow
so we get these record downpours and
that leads to record flooding record
flooding this is not because Al Gore is
a genius I don't want him to take it the
wrong way but it's got nothing new with
that all he did was listen to the
scientists and almost all the scientists
say this is exactly what's going to
happen climate change is not something
that's going to happen later 20 years
from now or 100 years from now we're in
the middle of it right now
hurricane harvey flooded Houston over a
million people displaced in the United
States of America over 50 lives lost and
now here comes hurricane
Irma and right behind a tropical storm
Jose more storms bigger storms worse
flooding more precipitation more severe
this is exactly what climate change
looks like qit membership gets your
commercial-free young turks downloaded
streaming podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm slash join
