all right whenever you have a hurricane
like hurricane Harvey in Houston it
brings out sometimes the best in people
and the rescues that we've documented
and amazing things that people have done
it also brings out the worst in people
because they wind up trying to find
stupid reasons for why the hurricane
happened so Ann Coulter said that it was
more likely that it was because of
Houston's lesbian mayor than climate
change now of course she's just trying
to rile everybody up and she even said
she doesn't believe it's because it
allows be a mayor but that's more likely
than climate change you know and this
the kind of stuff that Pat Robertson
says all the time
now that's one possible explanation if
you're an incredibly stupid person and
by the way if it was because the lesbian
mayor then God is no prankster just like
what he did there because she's not in
office anymore so why didn't the
hurricane hit while she was in office
okay anyway that's preposterous so Joel
Osteen who's the mega preacher who was
enormous ly rich just like Jesus wanted
he's like I want all the people
preaching my gospel to be incredibly
rich have lots of mansions and private
jets and mega churches I don't think
that's what Jesus said but anyway that's
Austen's interpretation so he had not
opened up his church in the beginning
after he received tremendous blowback in
the media I meant to open the church of
course of course it's gonna get a little
dirty and we're very fancy around here
but of course no no no just the city
hadn't asked me so now today he comes
out when he does a sermon on TV because
that's how he gets paid and he says that
God did hurricane Harvey because he
believes in you
hmm he it's kind of to test you and he
and he believes you have enough to
bounce back and to be able to fight back
and to adjust ha it's an interesting
theory on the hurricane so now look it's
apparently gonna cost about a hundred
and eighty billion dollars that's our
best guess so far at least the
governor's guess okay well you were
tested and let's see if you can adjust
- that kind of damage tens of thousands
of people have been displaced from their
homes their homes are a disaster area
literally well hey thank God just
testing your man pop quiz okay but
here's the problem
fifty people are dead well they don't
have time to adjust and they don't have
time to see how they respond to it
because they're already dead so if it
was a pop quiz for them
well again God is a mischievous
prankster and I am being awfully kind by
saying that if you really believe that
that is how God works then then he he's
far worse than a prankster oh I just
killed your loved one just to see how he
would react oh he's dead and then I'd
like to see how you react after I killed
someone in your family no no it's not
how God works for us well of course I'm
agnostic so I don't think any God exists
but if it did and you believe it's one
that actively kills people just to see
how they'd react well then you believe
in a much worse God than the one I would
imagine and then finally look climate
change doesn't necessarily cause storms
so we've had hurricanes for as long as
the planets been around but does it make
them more severe the answer is
definitely now if you go watch it
inconvenience sequel you will see a
scene in there where Al Gore explains
this is way before hurricane Harvey okay
and it's you can see it he says now what
it does is it makes the the waters
warmer and that caught any explains why
that causes more precipitation and he
says it then you have storms that last
longer and create more flooding
it's exactly what hurricane Harvey's did
now did Al Gore make all that stuff up
or is he a genius or a Nostradamus or no
all he's doing is summarizing for you
what all of the world's scientists are
saying so the scientist said that this
would happen and it's exactly what
happened now that's one possible
explanation
or you could think that God was testing
you by killing you or the lesbian mayor
are we really having a discussion about
this are people in this country really
that dumb I know what the answer that is
okay
educate yourself science is true
mythology is not a the storm was worse
and more prolonged and and the and the
waters by Houston are half a foot higher
than they used to be several decades ago
this is all exactly as not God or the
Bible or the Quran predicted but exactly
as scientists predicted because they're
in the business of facts so your choice
on who you want to believe but
ironically God help you if you believe
the clowns who think God did this to
test you
