okay we just finished this show live
show on Friday and I came and check the
news again and another chemical
explosion at the chemo plant in Crosby
Texas so I'll tell you why this
infuriates me other than the fact that
it is incredibly dangerous 15 police
officers were hospitalized before and
the first set of explosions and and the
smoke is now all over the area
authorities in the earlier explosion
made preposterous claims first of all
they said it wasn't really an explosion
they said it was an explosion in the
beginning then they fixed it - there was
a couple of pops and then a fire yeah
that's called an explosion and reporters
on the scene said the flames were 10
feet 10 yards up in the sky okay and now
you can see the flames are everywhere in
the second explosion so why are they
covering up for these explosions because
it turns out the politicians in Texas
are dirty and have been taking money
from these this chemical plant and the
chemical industry and making sure that
they are not regulated and don't have
more safety precautions so and then the
second of sort of thing that they're
saying now and if you're in the area be
careful they say oh no don't worry about
the chemicals from the chemical plant
that just exploded
it'll be fine just make sure you stay
indoors and close the windows I hope to
god they have a better plan than that
man that is not a good plan for the
people in that area so do they care
about you they care about their donors
man and this is how it cost people lives
and this is the effects of it so in this
case first of all our chemo was with
this reporting in from today from
earlier today again right before we went
on air it was our own reporting TYT
Michael Tracey's reporting that that
they had in 2006 they had a similar
problem with chemicals being store wrong
and it created another hazard at the
time and they were fine for it but they
were fine a little over three thousand
dollars that's nothing their annual
or eight point nine billion dollars a
three thousand dollar fine isn't gonna
make them move is it going to make them
make the plants safer you need that you
need it to be safe if you live in the
area you don't want the local chemical
plant exploding but the thing that's on
top of all this that infuriates me the
most is in a story about the earlier
explosion the plant said well the state
and federal authorities didn't in and
our risk assessment didn't make us do
anything more didn't make you do
anything more in cerrados reporting at
the International Business Times they
explained that risk management plan that
Obama administration wanted to put in
the American Chemical Council of
American Chemistry Council lobbied
furiously against and our keema is was
part of that Lobby so that company Lobby
to make sure
there wouldn't be a risk management plan
a plan in place now now they turn around
and go oh well golly gee man we didn't
know that the electricity could go out
and our backup generator could go out we
didn't plan for flooding we didn't what
that's what we told you to plan for what
do you think happens in emergencies just
just things happen out of the blue no
there's a certain amount of risk and
there's certain things that can happen
that's why you do regulations and you
plan ahead so you don't harm the people
in your area right and you don't blow up
your own plan but no they spent all this
money to make sure that they wouldn't
have the over-regulation does it look
like over-regulation now now the plant
has blown up two different times and the
fire and the smoke is everywhere now God
knows whose kids that's affecting so let
me tell you the deeply corrupt people in
Texas that make this happen and how much
they took this is from cerritos
reporting at the International Business
Times but these are public records you
could look it up anywhere so the at the
time they got the Texas Republican
Attorney General Ken Paxton to write a
letter saying oh this would be
over-regulation we shouldn't do this now
what Paxson neglected to mention that is
that the chemical in
stree gave him donations to the tune of
a hundred and six thousand dollars when
he was running for attorney general
think about what kind of an insane
corrupt system we have that the Attorney
General takes $100,000 and then when
he's in office says I won't regulate the
people who gave me a hundred thousand
dollars in fact I'll write a letter on
their behalf like I'm their goddamn
lobbyist
okay well that letter back in 2014 he
did that run and then he gave the letter
a little bit after that well one of the
people that had supported him was
Senator know at the time Alabama
Attorney General Luther Strange who is
now the senator from Alabama and guess
what he did he voted to deregulate just
like his donors wanted him to here's
another guy that that got money from the
industry it was at the time Oklahoma
Attorney General Scott Pruitt guess what
he is now he's the head of the EPA and
the head of the EPA recommended that
they not regulate these chemical plants
they not have proper risk management in
place I mean put it calculating for a
flood in Houston what are the chances
let's not bother with burdensome
regulations that backup generator going
out what are the chances that'll happen
pretty damn high if you're in Houston
and the water has risen by half a foot
in the last couple of decades and
flooding is enormous Lee possible but
they didn't take those progressions but
those are not the only people who are
corrupt Texas lawmakers overall that
blocked the regulation on this bill for
chemical plant safety that is what they
block and look at the results well on
the Texas delegation for all the people
who voted for that got a combined 652
thousand dollars in legalized bribes
which we call donations if you allow for
private financing of Elections the
private financiers will run our
government and in this case it was the
chemical Lobby that bought the
legislators of Texas and that's why
you've got a burning plant right now in
Texas wolf dash pack.com get all the
money out get the Union money out get
the corporate money out get the Koch
brothers money out give the Saudi money
out get the Soros money out get all the
money out so we can actually protect our
citizens so I'm not done yet so then we
go to the Senators corrupt senators from
Texas Cornyn took
$108,000 from the chemical industry Ted
Cruz took 234 thousand dollars from the
chemical industry overall you know this
is an amazing number the chemical
industry says 2008 you know how much
money they've spent on lobbying a
hundred million dollars they put in a
hundred million dollars to buy our
politicians and they in turn they spent
less money right following safety
precautions and then we have exploding
chemical factories in Texas finally you
want to know who's part of this group
that did this Lobby Exxon Mobil Dow
Chemical coke industries and Saudi basic
industries corporation the Saudis
lobbied and gave money to our
politicians through their lobbyist
groups to make sure there was no safety
regulations in Texas and now we've got a
chemical plant us exploded two different
times and is doing a raging fire and
putting all sorts of toxic chemicals in
the air in Texas we have got to get our
democracy back all these corrupt
politicians who do you think corrupted
them man the multinational corporations
that are now running things in
Washington then they don't give a damn
about you all they care about is their
profits and fires are ranging now all
because of this and this system get all
the money out wolf dash pack.com or any
other organization but fight back if
you're in Houston you're in Texas and
you suffer this you suffer the flooding
you suffered
now these explosions they did this to
you man you think they care about the
voters they care about the donors get
all the money out all of it all of it
all of it and for God's sake figure out
how to put out the fire that you guys
started
