a police officer in Utah Salt Lake City
to be specific decided to arrest a nurse
for not complying for a blood draw
request even when that request was not
lawful now nurse Alix wubble z-- was
arrested after refusing to give the
police officer here with the last name
pain vitals of blood that he needed for
an investigation because she said he did
not have a warrant or meet any of the
mandatory criteria needed for taking
blood now let me set the story up for
you apparently there was a very serious
car crash the person who caused that car
crash died as a result the individual
who did not die and was hit by the other
individual had severe burns and was
unconscious now that person was not a
suspect that person had not been
arrested there was no warrant that would
allow for that cop to draw that
individuals blood and so the cop shows
up to this hospital and literally pulls
the nurse away from something else that
she was doing and demands that she draw
his blood and she says but that's
against the law you don't have a warrant
and also he's unconscious
meaning that he can't consent to this
all right so yeah let me let me jump in
for a second Hannah so just to give you
further context the guy who was the bad
guy in this case who was driving
recklessly he was running from the cops
so but he died yes so he's not related
to the hospital story the cop comes in
he wants to take blood from the innocent
victim here
and I probably to be fair to the cop he
thinks what look my boss told me to take
his blood it's not like they're going
after him at all right and they just
want to finish up the scene here and and
finish up their investigation now that
doesn't mean that you can go beyond the
law you can't and so that's gonna be the
heart of this story but part of the
reason that these laws exist in the
first place is you don't know what
anything about the victim right so maybe
he smoked pot four days ago I'm just
making stuff up right this he didn't
write and then draw they draw his blood
and then it's
some portion of the blame to him oh my
god you totally screwed him over and he
didn't consent to that and you don't
have a warrant for that I'm just drawing
up one scenario in which case he would
have lost his rights or been in worse
shape because you didn't follow the law
so the nurse is standing up for her
patient and standing up for the law when
the cop gets frustrated and it's like
what do you mean law I am the law I'm a
cop and that's not how it works
cops enforce the law they don't make the
law they're supposed to follow it not
break it so we do have video showing
what occurred there are two portions
that I think are the most relevant Salt
Lake Police Detective Jeff Payne is the
cop who demanded the blood from the
nurse
Alex wobbles now here is the first part
where Alex wells explains to him why it
is that she is unable to do this blood
draw her superior is actually on the
phone supporting her decision not to do
so take a look so she's just calmly
explained it explaining to him hey this
is standard operating procedure we're
following the law this is actually a law
that your Police Department agreed to
over a year ago and he doesn't take that
for an answer this is where things start
to escalate take a look at the next
video
she spent 20 minutes in the police car
okay
bubbles was later released with no
charges ever filed against her she
didn't do anything wrong she literally
followed the law the only person who did
anything unlawful there was that police
detective who by the way is still
working has not been suspended is not on
on leave pending an investigation he is
still an active duty cop the only thing
that's changed is oh well maybe we won't
have him do the blood draw work anymore
no no he should be fired he broke the
law if you're a cop who is supposed to
enforce the law and you don't know what
the law is then you shouldn't be a cop
you should be fired oh my god that video
was so harrowing to watch I didn't see
it beforehand and I almost welled up in
tears because it just went from zero to
a hundred accelerated so quickly and
this might sound hyperbolic but two
words police state like that that kind
of unmitigated sort of access to
arresting somebody again how thoroughly
did she go over the legal rights of the
patient and the requirements of a
warrant and consent and the officer
responds the officer or detective pain
responds with its implicit consent like
this is it's ludicrous
there's no implicit consent for a guy
who's unconscious it's not a thing that
exists so or implied consent as they put
it okay Clyde yes yes so look in some
ways I look at this and I think it's
funny and a good thing overall that
middle-class America has not experienced
this before minorities in poor
neighborhoods experiences all the time
so they'd be like a cop arrested you
when he had no right to
it's called Wednesday so okay but when
you feel it and you see it and that if
it includes us you're shaken by it
you're like wow they can just do that to
a nurse in the middle of the country
that's what do you that's crazy right
because there's a little bit of implicit
well we know she's a good guy right we
know she didn't do anything wrong okay
but that's exactly what we warn you
about guys it's not too strong to say
that it's a police state they're in the
old days and I I think I'm old enough to
remember the old days like cops ooh you
know in emergency situations would say
things like freeze you're under arrest
hold you know they put your hands up
before they shot you right in this case
there's no shooting but before the
arrest it was kind of a big deal to
arrest someone right and they had to
make sure that they were following the
law and I know that there was a lot of
stuff in the bad old days too and maybe
we just didn't see that now I include
myself I lived in a nice suburb sight
didn't see that and I'm sure that was
still going on in Newark and Camden
because I'm from New Jersey
at that time as well right but now
because there's never been any
consequences for so long for police
he thinks law whatever that's right you
know you know I look the what is and and
I'm so emboldened by some fraction of
this country the one that's in charge
saying no you you should always listen
to the cop now okay look there's a
reason why you should listen to cops
because otherwise things can get chaotic
but a cop's word is not the law like
that's the misunderstanding the law is
law and he has to apply the law and if
he's not applying the law he's wrong now
again people in this country so
minorities in this country I've been
dealing with that all the time good luck
if you're in Compton go tell a cop that
he's not following the law see how it
turns out for you you're gonna get
arrested so quick okay so but now it's
everywhere because we just set to the
cops
there are no rules anymore do whatever
you won any when you're not gonna get
fired you're not gonna get prosecuted so
you shouldn't be surprised when stuff
like this happens I mean I'm very
curious to see what type of excuses
people make for the cop in this case or
whether or not there will be excuses
made for the cop in this case again he
did not know but I don't even believe
that he didn't know the law because
there were other cops there that were
trying to stop him if you watched the
video the other police officer was like
pain pain like basically trying to
convince him as calmly as possible to
not arrest her because that's an
unlawful arrest but also think about the
fact that that hospital and that
specific nurse would have to face legal
ramifications if they did comply because
it was against the law to draw that
victim's blood right and so that victim
could have easily sued if if they had
complied with that cop okay so that cop
is putting you know that hospital in in
a legal bind and again it's Ana lawful
arrest the fact that he hasn't been
fired for this is ridiculous the police
chief is like yeah the videos disturbing
he definitely needs some training no no
but look it's the the part of the reason
he's not fired is because the police
chief is the one that kept insisting
just take the blood just take the blood
it appears that the police chief is the
one that's the the main issue at hand
here
pain is like but look I got to follow my
orders his orders are more important to
him than the law because his orders
dictate whether he's gonna be fired or
not the law unfortunately in this police
state does not dictate whether you're
fired or not you don't have to follow
the law to keep your job as a cop you
just have to follow orders to keep your
job as a cop and so that's part of the
problem yet look I think the other cops
are in a tough situation now there's a
lot of criticism on the University of
Utah police officers that did not
intervene but intervening against
another cop I don't know that's a I want
you to do that I want you to be a great
cop and I want you to stop something
illegal from happening but now we've got
dicey situations you've got two cops
with guns who are now in a conflict
that's a mess and that's what happens
when you have lawlessness yeah and you
can imagine - I mean this is of course
again this is probably a shock to people
seeing a white middle-class woman who is
employed as a nurse had this happened
but it's also a woman so
to see her roughed up and harassed and
you know very violently sort of
threatened to be arrested I've had a
similar experience not in terms of the
physical violence but I was pulled over
for allegedly holding my phone in my
hand right and they pulled me off the
freeway they called three more cop cars
Wow I was in in literally almost an
alley space so I'm a woman by myself and
this is this is the response that's what
I would interpret to be a police state
the fear of me having just a phone and
calling in reinforcements
that's the same kind of unprecedented
disproportionate reaction to try to
follow orders that are against the law I
mean I had a similar situation a couple
years ago that I talked about on the
show where you know during lunch time me
and a couple colleagues went out to
lunch I'm driving I made an illegal
u-turn cop caught me as soon as he
pulled me over I admitted guilt right I
was like I know he's like you know what
you just did yes I do I'm sorry I'm
sorry and he told me to step out of the
car which was strange to me because I
was complying gave him my license my
registration didn't do anything wrong
other than the u-turn which I admitted
to pulls me out and you know starts
asking me all sorts of strange questions
he's super close very much in my
personal space and I just asked him like
just give me please just give me the
ticket I I admit that I did something
wrong and then he started arguing that I
was holding my phone my purse was in the
backseat my colleagues were there they
saw my purse in the back seat and I just
started crying I was freaking out and
when he asked me about my job and I told
him what I do for work he immediately
stopped and let me go I didn't even get
a ticket for the u-turn Wow you know
it's like was the heart of what we
talking about do you have power or don't
you have power that's unfortunately
determines whether they're gonna follow
the law or they're not going to right
and so now we're all powerless right so
now anna has by saying the shirt's in
the media added some degree of power
that move
right but if so it used to be just folks
that were poor whether it's the inner
city or you're in a collar and Kentucky
or whatever they just steamroll you
right now it's the middle class because
there no there no rules left and so and
I want you to mistake what I said about
pain earlier they didn't he was
following orders that's not an excuse
and and pains apparently a pretty bad
guy cuz in another part of the video he
he talks to another guy about how he's a
part-time ambulance driver as well and
he says about the hospital I'll bring
him all the transients and take the good
patients elsewhere in other words I'll
punish them for this in another illegal
brace and act for daring could just
disagree with me and this is a phenomena
we'll be talking about on the show for a
long time what has become the the worst
transgression in America the biggest
crime in America is disrespecting a
police officer that is not an actual
crime but the cops have been taught and
trained that is the biggest crime and if
anyone ever doesn't follow your orders
whether they're right wrong legal
illegal it doesn't matter rough them up
arrest them put them away unless they've
got power if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
