during an interview with Hill TV Donald
Trump decided that it was a perfect
opportunity to attack Jeff Sessions
again and so he claims that I don't
really have an attorney general let me
give you his exact quotes there it is I
don't have an attorney general because
on one level what does that even mean
hey my way like he's not your attorney
general he is the United States Attorney
General so that to some extent like he
he doesn't understand what the role of
the Attorney General is he thinks that
the Attorney General is a
publicly-funded personal lawyer that is
not what the Attorney General is
supposed to do or act as you know yeah
so if you're trying to understand it as
a rational person you and a president
any president comes and says I don't
have an attorney generally but oh my god
what happened to their attorneys is he
okay it was a car accident what happened
right so then you go okay all right this
is that normal president that's his way
of attacking his Attorney General which
let's again pause to note that if any
other president was actively attacking
his own Attorney General it would be the
biggest scandal by an order of magnitude
for Obama Bush Clinton etc what do you
mean you hate your own attorney general
and you think he said at one point in
another interview what kind of a man is
he oh my god okay so just to remember
remind everyone in case you forgot the
reason why he hates Jeff Sessions so
much is because Jeff Sessions had to
recuse himself from the Russian
investigation that's it he wants Jeff
Sessions to defend him and wants him to
essentially break the law I mean
sessions did the right thing and
recusing himself he doesn't do a lot of
right things but he the right thing and
recusing himself here and that's why
Trump hates --an now he also get other
reasons for why he's that or angry at
Jeff Sessions he says it's very sad
I'm not happy at the border I'm not
happy with numerous things not just this
okay so he's not happy with the boy
what do you mean Jeff Sessions gave you
everything you wanted with the border he
went on tour talking about how the zero
tolerance policy is gonna be a fantastic
deterrent
I mean you played along with you why are
you upset with the border no no so let
me explain that so first of all again
it's a total trumpian sentence I'm
unhappy with the border at the border
okay what is okay what
all right fine let's get past it okay
mr. border I am so unhappy with you okay
so why is he doing this because his
advisors have told him hey dumbbell you
keep saying that you don't like sessions
because he recused himself from an
investigation about you if you fire him
it will clearly be obstruction of
justice because you're unhappy that he
didn't block an investigation of you so
what should you say
next time we know that you're a dumbbell
I can't help it and we'll say the thing
about the Russian investigation but
could you also please add that you're
mad at him about other things no to
Trump's advisors you must fill in the
blanks so so he's like oh well then I'm
also mad at him and other things
no no guy you got to spell it out he's
like okay I'm also mad at the border
that's it that's all yet so
sophisticated denial would be you first
of all if he was a capable capable
enough to cover things up and that's why
I always said he's gonna get caught
because he's too dumb to cover anything
up he would have never mentioned the
recusal instead he would have picked
something else that Jeff Sessions had
done slightly wrong and not the border
because Jeff Sessions has agreed with
him 110 percent at the border so that's
a poor example he would have picked
something that says she doesn't disagree
with him a little bit on and go oh my
god what I'm really perturbed by is
Jeff's actions in regards to this look
he's my attorney general but I really
got to consider this when I take into
account his tenure here and we'll but
we're considering all of our options
yeah and then later when you fire him
you'll say oh no wasn't the cover-up no
no no it was because I was concerned
about what he said about marijuana I
really think marijuana should be you
know up to the stage I mean
those are the dirty politics that were
accustomed to right those are the I
guess smart strategic things that
politicians do that honestly we find
repulsive but at the same time it's it's
a smart tactic smart strategy Trump
isn't capable of that you're right and
so there's something interesting about
his transparency because it really does
give us a sense of the way he thinks at
least we know what he's thinking but at
the same time it also makes us confront
the fact that our president is the least
smartest person that we've ever
encountered in politics yeah
so they say but again he couldn't so in
another interview of the New York Times
of course he had said how do you take a
job and then recuse yourself it's
extremely unfair
that's a mild word to the president that
goes to Anna's first point and the most
important point out of all of this which
is he's not your attorney general that's
why he says I don't have an attorney
general he's not supposed to be your
attorney generally supposed to be the
Attorney General of the United States of
America his job is supposed to be to
uphold the Constitution and enforce our
laws not to protect the political person
who put him into office but Trump a has
never understood that B doesn't
understand that other people will think
that that's a problem because it is a
problem it's not how our democracy work
it's not how our government works but
he's too stupid to understand that other
people will say hey knucklehead you seem
to be doing obstruction of justice he's
not your attorney general he's a country
sister no he's my Attorney General why
isn't he protecting me and he be recused
himself and now I'm so unhappy at the
border on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
