a 27 year police veteran has been fired
from Cobb County Georgia after he was
caught on dash cam dashcam surveillance
saying something that should shock and
upset most Americans now I don't want to
give too much away but before we go to
the video showing what he said let me
give you some context he apparently
pulled over a female driver for a
routine traffic stop there was some sort
of traffic violation and apparently the
woman was afraid to move her hands or
put her hands down because she was
fearful that any sudden movement would
result in her getting shot now his
reaction to her refusing to do as he
said is what eventually got him fired
take a look use your phone it's in your
lap
but you're not black remember we only
can black people yeah we always kill
black people right all the video taste
if you think like yeah
so the cop in the video is or was police
lieutenant Greg Abbott that's his name
which is kind of amazing and he has been
fired and that's according to the police
chief in Cobb County who gave a press
conference today and he did have some
strong words for him as well now first
let's go to the police officers lawyer
who claims quote he was attempting to
de-escalate a situation involving an
uncooperative passenger in context his
comments were clearly aimed at
attempting to gain compliance by using
the passengers own statements and
reasoning to avoid making an arrest
however Mike register who is the police
chief in Cobb County disagrees he said
no matter what context it was said it
shouldn't have been said and again
Abbott a 27 year veteran of the police
department will be removed from the
force and that's according to Mike
register who is the police chief in the
area well if you believe in respecting
the police I use I'm positive you gonna
respect the decision of the police chief
that this man should be fired so first
of all I don't know what's in Abbott's
head I don't know if he was saying that
just straight forward yeah that's what
we do with we we should black people why
would we shoot you or if you meant it as
like you saw the videos online or you
saw the videos those are the ones that
are claiming we only shoot black people
so what are you worried about you only
saw people black people getting shot
right so if he might have meant it that
way that's why the police chief doing
what he did is a huge indicator because
now it might be that he was like this is
not one if the your being the most
generous to Abuk you might say the
police chief was like this bad PR I
don't want to deal with it okay another
possibility is look even if the guy
didn't mean it that way we can't have
people in this county thinking that we
are going to apply justice differently
to different races and have this idea
out there that they're cops who think no
no don't worry if you're white you're
fine but black people we will show
and the third possibility is that he
talked to habit and he was like oh this
is a bad dude and he did mean it
and I got to get rid of him so he didn't
give exact reasons other than what Ana
just read to you but the fact that he
did take that action is is clearly
indicative right I mean look none of us
can say for certain what's in that
police lieutenants head as he's making
those statements some have argued that
he was just being sarcastic but those
are not the type of statements you make
considering the type of climate that
we're living in right now considering
the type of debates that are going on in
the country regarding police violence
and excessive force and so it was a bad
move on his part
but I think there's another component to
that video that should concern you and I
think it's telling to say the least so
the woman who was pulled over for that
traffic stop was a white woman and she
was fearful of the cop she was did not
trust the cop she was worried that he
wasn't there to protect her or to
protect and serve and so think about
that type of climate that exists in the
United States where the people that we
hire as police officers that we pay with
our taxpayer money are individuals that
are no longer trusted because of what
we're seeing in the media because of
what we're seeing with all of these
police shootings where unarmed people
get gunned down so I would be afraid as
well right and so that's something that
everyone should take into consideration
if we want the the feelings toward cops
to change then obviously the training
needs to change the type of rhetoric we
hear from cops needs to change there
needs to be an entire reform for things
to change yeah look it's possible that
she had been doing something wrong
speeding drinking trying we don't know
that context but the context overall for
the country is one that Ana just
described and it's not look it is
disproportionately african-americans as
the stats bear out but do white people
get shot by cops for having a slight
wrong reaction in a nanosecond well of
course we know that I was in Minnesota
that mom got shot was she called for
help from the from the cops a white
woman there you had the big white guy in
Miami at the white guy that came out of
a car after that he was on a
speed chase I mean of course white
unarmed people also get shot and and
it's for the hundredth time in a row
it's the training where we've told the
cops if you're even 1% afraid of
anything if they move their hands up or
down put them down so now we're all
jittery anytime you get pulled over by a
cop aney gives you directions on what to
do with your hands there is some
reasonable fear of what might happen
next and the way to relay that fear is
not to tell her don't worry we only
shoot black people at a minimum that is
incredibly poor judgement TYT membership
gets you commercial-free young turks
downloaded stream it podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm /join
