Neil deGrasse Tyson decided to speak out
against those who deny climate change
but do believe what scientists have to
say when it comes to expecting huge
flooding like the flooding from
Hurricane Harvey or the solar eclipse
that recently happened so he tweeted out
hmm don't see much denial of NOAA
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration climate scientists who
have predicted hurricane Harvey's
devastating path into Texas now of
course he tweets that and Twitter does
what Twitter is best known for people
start throwing feces at him right they
can't handle it they got their feelings
hurt so he decided to clarify what he
meant in an interview with TMZ he said
what I should have said was NOAA
scientist rather rather than NOAA
climate scientists the point is that we
have people in denial of emergent
scientific consensus that was the real
point of the tweet
he also says if you're in denial of
global warming you're in denial of
objective scientific truths that's not a
political stance that's an ignorant
stance ignorant stance so to clarify
he's not saying you know hurricane
Harvey was because of climate change it
was certainly exacerbated by it but he
didn't say that climate changes will
cause the storm he's just trying to say
you can't pick and choose what you
believe from scientists you can't say oh
yeah I believe everything scientists say
except for this climate change issue I
don't believe anything they say so it's
the same guys at NOAA right so when if
you're a conservative down in Houston
and you hear the storm is coming and
it's going to drop this many inches of
rain you go oh okay I should get out of
the way or I need protection and you
trust those scientists and you mean
you're right you should because the
storm did come and they were right about
what it would do okay now when those
same scientists turn around and go by
the way climate change is real you go oh
no way that's a Chinese hoax
hey no but wait it's the same guys what
why would they make that part of it up
don't believe it the oil companies told
our politicians to say that it's fake so
it must be fake
so if you made that mistake when it
comes to and I use the usually use the
example of gravity you know gravity's a
Chinese hoax I'm gonna step off this
building and see what happens well
science is gonna find a way to correct
you and it's unfortunately finding a way
to correct us on climate change and if
you didn't listen to the scientists on
the path of the hurricane that would
have been a terrible mistake and if you
don't listen to them on the overall
macro picture which is that climate
change makes storms more severe well
that's the situation whether we're in
right now so I'd go further than Neil
deGrasse Tyson so he's absolutely right
in pointing that out he's right about
his other example as well you know when
the scientists said the solar eclipse
was gonna happen people weren't like oh
no what that's not gonna happen I don't
believe that when the same scientists
say hey climate change is happening here
are the facts behind it here's the
temperature going up yes some people go
poof temperatures I don't believe that
sea levels they're half a foot higher in
Houston than were a couple of degrees
you know they're not the Chinese made
that up right I love that climate
deniers are usually having a seizure
while they're stating their denial for
climate change right the only place that
I'm going a little further than Tyson am
I going to further than the science is
that look I'm not the the storms have
always been around and and it's not like
there were no stories before climate
change and now there are storms that is
a total purposeful lie about how climate
change works but yes I would be more
specific about this storm it is very
very likely just as earlier predicted
that this storm is more severe because
of climate change exactly what the
scientists predicted and exactly what
happened anyway I just I think the older
grass Tyson is a national treasure and I
dislike anyone who has anything negative
to say about him so there she got you
got you have been disliked if you
disagree with Tyson well and my last
words on it is science doesn't care
about your feelings support independent
media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
