breaking news ladies and gentlemen we
got him sheriff Clark sad day for you he
has resigned the Milwaukee County Clerk
has confirmed that David Clarke has
resigned as sheriff of Milwaukee County
this is the worst sheriff in America I
would argue even worse than Sheriff
Arpaio he was a disaster he's a
conservative who does not believe in the
rule of law who has done terrible things
to the people of his own County had a
chance that he might go to the federal
government some people are so
speculating about that but I'll tell you
my best guess as to why he is resigning
because right now they have not said
according to Milwaukee news station TMJ
for no word had been given as to reason
Clark decided to suddenly resign this
afternoon I don't need a reason first of
all to
okay you'll see why in a second why I'm
celebrating so they asked federal
government you know the rumors that he
is going to go to the Department of
Homeland Security well Carol Costello
reporting a Department of Homeland
Security official tells CNN sheriff
Clark is not going to DHS quote he is
and in capital letters not coming here
says the official excellent news what is
the more likely reason why sheriff Clark
has resigned it is because of the
monstrous activities that happen under
his watch Terrell Thomas was the first
American to die of thirst and as long as
anyone can remember he died in a prison
run by Sheriff David Clark as a HuffPost
explained at a time and he was a
mentally ill man who last year died of
severe dehydration in a jail run by
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clark he
was kept in his cell for seven days
straight after jail employees cut off
his water supply he was a pre-trial
detainee as his family attorney says in
a mental health crisis instead of
providing him with desperately needed
treatment the Milwaukee County Jail
discipline Terrell by locking him in an
isolation cell giving him inedible
neutral loaf to eat and shutting off his
drinking water supply for seven days
causing the suffer and die from profound
dehydration at a bare minimum it is
enormous negligence kind of reckless
regard for human life we have not seen
in a long time where you let someone in
a prison run by him Americans inside
America die of thirst okay you could say
well maybe it was a one-time thing no it
is there is a enormous record of abuse
but I'll give you another huge case on a
sheriff Clark newborn infant died in the
Milwaukee County Jail this past summer
after a corrections officer allegedly
laughed off a pregnant inmates pleas for
help as she was giving birth now these
guys who claim to be pro-life let that
poor baby die after it was born because
they gave Noah since this because they
treated those inmates like they weren't
human
and that's why there was a number of
deaths deaths there let alone all the
other
rific things that happen under sheriff
Clark's watch the fact that he has
resigned is great news for the people of
Milwaukee greatness for the people of
America couldn't be happier about it and
of course there's also suggesting that
he was gonna get absolutely clobbered in
the next election he was gonna lose
anyway so better to resign in disgrace
than to get thrown out of office by his
own constituents now he'll probably go
around pretending he was popular when in
reality he was disgraceful and very
likely to lose that election so sheriff
Clark it's an absolute pleasure to
report that you no longer work for any
government associated with the United
States of America by the way charges
should be pursued against Sheriff Clark
for what he did in those prisons look
forward to that news story later an
update of an update Sheriff David Clark
is now expected according to latest
reports to join president Trump's
administration I was hoping he'd go to
prison and that's why he had stepped
down as sheriff in Milwaukee but now we
don't know this for sure cuz that story
is developing right now as we speak
remember the Department of Homeland
Security had rejected him back in June
and then he came out I didn't want the
job anyway he had gone on TV said oh I'm
gonna get the job get the job and then
when they said no you're not I don't
want it so apparently there's a new
development on it I hope that this story
the latest report is not true by
Politico and that in fact he's under
investigation is my hope but right now
political reporting that he might join
the administration in a different role
which would make sense because Donald
Trump loves hateful sheriff's so between
Sheriff Joe Arpaio and Sheriff David
Clark probably the two worst sheriffs
we've ever had and hence welcomed in the
Trump administration if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com / join
