so the FBI has responded to Trump's
demands to release the classified
documents
you know regarding the Russia
investigation and the Justice Department
has also responded and they're trying to
find a middle ground because releasing
those documents is going to put national
security in jeopardy and so the
Department of Justice and the FBI in the
Office of the Director of National
Intelligence are reportedly expected to
propose redactions to a series of
documents related to the Russia
investigation that President Trump
ordered to be declassified this week so
remember Trump does not want anything
redacted okay he wants everything out in
the open and so the response from the
Justice Department and the FBI is okay
fine we'll release these documents but
we we need to hide the identities and
and we need to hide certain information
because it puts us in jeopardy so let me
explain there was a woman who worked
with Donald Trump as an executive in the
Trump Organization for a long time she
wrote an op-ed recently and explained
the Donald Trump oftentimes doesn't want
you to follow his orders so that he
could later blame you for not following
his orders he gives preposterous orders
that he knows people can't legally
follow and the example she gave was he
wanted all the Braille removed from his
elevators in Trump Tower which is
illegal but he apparently hates people
with disabilities so much and he said I
don't want any blind people in Trump
Tower okay so now he knows the guy can't
I think we think he knows that the guy
can't follow that order right so he
tells the FBI release all of the the
material that you have about the Russia
investigation as it relates to or and
Comey instruct etc the FBI says but wait
a minute that might reveal our sources
from where we got the intelligence from
Russia and it might get them killed it
might endanger national security what
Ana was referencing there and he's like
I don't care just release them they're
like finally today they had to be like
no we're just not gonna follow that
order no we're gonna redact it so we
don't get people killed sorry
not gonna follow it later of course
you'll say all the stuff they redacted
that's where the real witch-hunt was
that's where the conspiracy because too
here's another amazing part of this
sequence of events today so they asked
Donald Trump well you say that the stuff
that they're going to release will show
that it actually was a witch-hunt that's
an amazing claim because no one actually
believes that it's a witch-hunt that was
meant to take down the Trump presidency
right and so they're like so what's in
there and he says oh I don't know I
didn't read it Wow just when you think
you can't get any dumber it's there's no
bottom to that ignorant bear oh so he's
you didn't read it then how do you know
proves you're right huh you don't know
what sit in Issaquah shirt so it's a
witch-hunt it's gonna show that it's a
witch-hunt
oh yeah electric curiosity is so low he
doesn't even want to save his own behind
them doing so yeah there's some chance
he can't read like who doesn't read the
documents that either shows you're
guilty or not guilty or that the
investigation is fixed against you how
could you like either you have such
little intellectual curiosity that you
have broken every conceivable record on
planet Earth
great or maybe you literally can't read
well I mean I don't know I feel like you
need to have a decent attention span to
investigate things like that right
because these are not documents that
have the same type of language that you
would see in the National Enquirer right
like he I think he might have a he can
read I think but not like you know legal
documents invest those are difficult
documents to read for the average person
I go and the average person is a million
times smarter than Trump so imagine him
with like a fifth-grade reading level
trying to understand no ways fifth grade
and no weights fourth grade I'm not
kidding
my son's in third grade and can read way
way better than Donald Trump and and
look this is a fact no no but it's
absolutely true so every single person
including in his own white house says he
cannot read past the page that's why
they have to
they used to have the briefings about
national security that were four pages
he's like four pages I'm out there's no
way I don't care if on page two
the Martians invade or al-qaeda hits us
again I don't care I'm not reading the
page two I don't believe he has the
capacity to read past one page and then
they found out his trouble reading one
page so they started putting pictures in
and graphs in and kept mentioning his
name so he would pay attention so
whatever the reason is I don't know if
it's dyslexia I don't know if it's just
an enormous ly low IQ I don't know if he
just never learned how to read I believe
that he could read a sentence I think
right but sure because he writes tweets
he writes tweets to be fair right right
but barely and constantly misspelled
weird grammatical errors weird
capitalization nothing makes sense he's
he's unbelievably ignorant and I I think
even on stuff he deeply cares about he
actually physically cannot read past the
page that's amazing
wow that's amazing and and by the way he
also is not self-aware enough to try to
hide it to be like well of course I read
what was in the documents and it's
damning of Peter struck and his
conspiracy against me they're like the
jury years ago no two easy ways folly
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
