there's a poll out showing that Donald
Trump is I believe not on the right side
of the American people there believe
that he kisses the the media more of an
enemy than white supremacists now that
in and of itself would be shocking and
unbelievable but the size of the poll is
what makes it even more remarkable so
let me go to this question and oh look
at this if you're wondering if you can
serve God it's not realize with you and
your bones
it's a Fox News poll so let's take a
look at this question who do you think
Donald Trump dislikes more white
supremacist or the news media this
includes the Republicans only 13% of
Americans thought that he dislikes white
supremacists more than he liked dislikes
the news media 70 percent said no of
course he dislikes news media more than
he dislikes white supremacist and 12
percent said I guess he dislikes both
6-4 sorry I don't I do okay we have a
president that 7 out of 10 Americans
believe dislikes news the news media the
things that are reported more than he
dislikes white supremacist look it can't
be understated how mental that is can't
be overstated okay
that is unbelievable could you imagine a
scenario if you asked me two years ago
or any other time in America do you
think there'll be a point where
Americans are absolutely convinced that
their president dislikes news media more
than made this like white supremacist I
would have said no come on even if a
crazy right winger gets in there that
there's no way 13 to 70 percent no way
but here we are guys amazing
okay this is another number that is
unreal 56% said that the president is
quote tearing the country apart
that's a Fox News poll 56% is a giant
number of that's your unfavorable it's
in giant
if you're that far underwater that
people and right now in another poll in
a Gallup poll he said 60% disapproval
only 34% approval and dropping 34% is a
disaster but I've never seen anything as
bad as 56% of the countries can miss
you're tearing the country apart Wow he
thinks he's gonna pull another rabbit
out of his hat oh don't worry I'm
secretly popular none of the polls are
ever right none of the news is ever
right don't believe facts etc but at
some point thanks of a way of coming
home to roost so you got lucky you ran
against Hillary Clinton who was the most
establishment candidate we've ever seen
she thought that running in favor of the
status quo was a good idea man that was
a preposterous ly bad idea you didn't
win because people liked you you won
because people don't like the status quo
and the establishment but now that
you've been in charge for about eight
months
man the jury's coming in and a country
can't stand you so you keep counting on
that white supremacist base see how it
turns out for you my guess is is gonna
turn out very poorly in the next set of
elections if you like this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
