interesting story coming out about
Kamala Harris she's senator from
California a new senator not much of a
track record some people are concerned
because a lot of the Hillary supporters
are coalescing around her unannounced
campaign people believe that she might
run for president and so in July Harris
said she supported single-payer quote as
a concept but that lawmakers still
needed to quote work out the details
so that was further disconcerting and
and her camp perhaps wisely began to
realize that that might lose her
progressive voters which is kind of what
you need in a Democratic primary and she
does not of course have the advantage of
Hillary Clinton had a will of massive
name recognition so she's gonna have to
appeal to a progressive base more and
today she says I intend to co-sponsor
the Medicare for all bill because it's
just the right thing to do
all right god bless I'll take it so so
now some people are being a little bit
skeptical here and I hear you but let me
explain and hear out the whole story
okay so Harris goes senator Harris goes
on to say it's not just about what is
morally and ethically right it also
makes sense from just from a fiscal
standpoint that is absolutely right it's
actually the one thing that could
magically deliver what Donald Trump
promised during the campaign which was
coverage for everyone Medicare does
cover everyone lower prices Medicare is
lower prices and more coverage and by
the way there's also Medicare Advantage
not only does medicare cover all of your
basics but if you want more above that
you can get private insurance on top of
Medicare which is called Medicare
Advantage so she's absolutely right from
a fiscal standpoint it is also the
absolutely the right thing to do and
here's the guy that of course a lot of
progressives do trust and it's Bernie
Sanders who introduced going to
introduce this bill in the first place
and he says thank you Kamala Harris for
your support let's make health care or
right and not a privilege
so overall let me just say this for
progressives who are skeptical taker
wins if you think that she was pressured
into supporting Medicare for all great
that's not such a bad thing that's how
politics works right either somebody
does the right thing on their own or
they get brighter than they're doing it
now we don't know Carla Harris's mine I
don't like to talk about people's hearts
I don't know what that means but we
don't know what was there in her mind
before this and and why she's doing this
in particular today but a vote is a vote
so if if she's going to help Medicare
for all get passed all I love it and
I'll take it now I get the other side
which is look if it's just words and
then she winds up winning and then
doesn't do it and says oh it's a lower
priority I'll get to it later yes then
it's a terrible trick but for the moment
being don't cut your nose off to spite
your face
I'm not saying be naive and go oh no and
I'm positive I know her heart and it is
filled with goodness and rainbows and
unicorns but if someone's on your
that is a good thing not a bad thing in
fact momentum builds now it was just
Bernie Sanders at the beginning and I
remember we covered it on the show all
the other senators were like oh it's
Medicare for all no no no no we're just
gonna fight against Trump's proposal
which is that 17% popularity and we're
gonna congratulate ourselves for
clearing the lowest bar in politics so
now though all of a sudden lots of
pressure from progressives which is
wonderful and people who earnestly
believe in this now coming out Elizabeth
Warren yeah on board a common law Harris
on board and yes even Kirsten Gillibrand
so there are four senators now where
there was one now there are four you go
over the house it's even better there
used to be 72 for John Conyers
medicare-for-all proposal now it's up to
a hundred and eighteen and that one is
clearly you guys because we get a
campaign at just Democrats no joined by
the nurses union John Conyers who was
the sponsor of that bill has given us
credit saying yes it was the public
pressure brought on by Justice Democrats
in the nurses union that drove those
votes that went from 72 co-sponsors to
118 that's a 60% increase in Democratic
support in the house
great work keep on going in fact just
Democrats have this campaign
hashtag stand up for Medicare they're
asking their congressmen to do it
they're asking the Senators to do it and
he you can see it with your own eyes
when they started there was only one
senator as 72 guys announced now there's
118 and four you're doing that so one of
the things they're asking you to do is
is to make your own videos so that
eventually the congressmen wait their
videos and Conyers already has a video
congressman Roe Khanna already has the
video saying stand up for Medicare so if
you're gonna do one great just it's
super simple you can do it on your phone
say who you are where you're from why
single-payer medicare-for-all is really
important for you and then just say this
simple sentence okay I pledge to stand
up for Medicare for all I've got a video
up there as well go to stand up for
Medicare comm and make sure you use the
hashtag so that people hear you roar
because it's making a difference never
let anybody tell you not to fight that
they may tell
it's impossible because they don't want
you to fight because they don't want you
to win if you fight you win let's keep
doing it and Justice Democrats calm to
get more information about how to have
real progressives win within the
Democratic Party if you like The Young
Turks you'll love Young Turks membership
TYT Network concise joy
