new focus group out of folks in
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
now Pennsylvania critically voted for
Donald Trump and was one of the reasons
that he won the election a very very
important reason and that was considered
to be part of Hillary Clinton's blue
wall but as we saw in Game of Thrones
sometimes walls come crumbling down in
unexpected ways and Pennsylvania did now
Pittsburgh itself was far more in favor
of Hillary Clinton but what they did in
this focus group was they found people
from all stripes who voted frailer
couldn't Trump voters and then
independent party voters know like the
Independent Party voters and Hillary
Clinton voters interesting god bless
that's for another day but what I found
interesting is the Trump voters because
are they gonna hold strong so far in
focus group after focus group even with
his incredibly deteriorating numbers
with the rest of the country the focus
groups of Trump voters have generally
stunts stood by him not in this case so
I don't know if it's because they're
from a blue state or from Pittsburgh
within Pennsylvania even though they
voted for Trump maybe they're more
susceptible to actual news because they
live in a real city where they have real
facts as opposed to a bubble where
alternative reality is set in but either
way this is not good news for Donald
Trump if he ever runs for reelection and
hopes to keep Pennsylvania again so
first off here's David Turner one of the
Trump voters saying I traditionally am
in to give the guy a chance group his
learning curve has been a little
disappointing meaning he hasn't caught
on like everyone has said here if he did
this he'd be okay so that's point one
which is they're beginning to realize
what a knucklehead he is so almost every
part of this is stuff that I've been
telling you for a long time where
they're like it's weird he doesn't seem
capable of learning what did I tell you
all right now let's go to Brian rush
another Trump voter he says in some
aspects
Trump is almost turning into a
politician in a different way saying
things that he thinks his base wants to
hear he's let me down
exactly right Brian so another thing
that we've been pounding away at the
Young Turks because it's true he never
wanted to dream the swamp he wanted to
rebuild the swamp so he
oh yeah I'm gonna you know go after the
globalists and the banker is in the and
I'm gonna you know all these guys took
money from me and I'm gonna stop that
and now he has a stop that he felt was
cabinet full of Goldman Sachs guys
financial you know industry
representatives as top economic advisors
that former head of Goldman Sachs and
and on top of that he's this I told you
is a standard politician it's ironic
because he ran against the elite and the
establishment of those standard
politicians and people voted for him
because as Rand Paul once said he has
the veneer of truth-telling without the
truth and but he seems like a kind of a
he talks like a regular guy
he doesn't often talk from a prompter
he's not polished he says foolish things
and you think well that's a regular dude
so he's not a real politician no but at
the heart of it he told you whatever you
wanted to hear even though it was an
obvious lie on the case of health care
he said oh yeah I'm gonna cover
everybody in the country and and on top
of that it's gonna be lower price for
you and on top of that you're gonna have
more things covered in your house care
well that was a standard cheesy
politician lie and when he got an office
he's like no no of course I'm not gonna
cover everybody I'm gonna cover 20 to 30
million people less than Obama did is
your price is gonna be low well if
you're rich or you're young yes if
you're healthy maybe if you're alt I'm
going to 4x your prices but you said
you'd make prices on for everybody come
on man I'm a cheesy politician you
believe that crap of course I'm not
gonna do that
idiot I lied to you and now people are
turning around going I think he mighta
lied to us and he might be a cheesy
politician and he's just doing things to
get votes from his base to which I say
of course but me saying that is not as
important as these guys who were actual
Trump voters beginning to turn around so
why did they vote for Trump in the first
place here's another voter that
perfectly explains it and exactly what
we told you not just after the election
but before the election he said it was
more of an anti Hillary vote and quote I
didn't want more of what we already had
now I realize that for you guys today
not just because it's an important
the Trump voters are beginning to leave
we're seeing the beginning of that
process right it's just the tip of the
iceberg but the other part of it is that
the Democrats in Washington haven't
learned any lessons so you say hey you
see what you did wrong you were for the
status quo and Americans don't want the
status quo look at what he says I didn't
want more of what we already had but
Democrats today are good no no no not
Bernie Sanders not any progressives not
real change now what we want is standard
Democratic politicians who are gonna say
well come on the status quo is not that
bad no no no not too much change
no no tiny I'm against Trump whatever
that means I'm for resisting what are
you for though what do you resisting is
pushing back on something what do you
want to go into direction of oh that's
risky I don't want to say I don't but I
kind of like the things as they are know
if you run another establishment
candidate who is for no change at all
that is your only chance of losing to
Donald Trump and the Republicans don't
make that mistake and they're in the
middle of that mistake right now you go
turn on television you'll barely find
any Bernie Sanders supporters they'll
brag about one maybe two in all of cable
news then you'll have twenty Trump guys
and then you'll have a million
establishment Democrats and Republicans
television is not for change it's owned
by multibillion-dollar corporations who
don't want to rock the boat so they
won't let these guys on now if the
Democrats delude themselves into
thinking that that's what the American
people want - they're gonna have another
rude awakening and that rude awakening
is going to unfortunately crash on top
of all of us so we can't let them make
that mistake again just as Democrats
calm slash win participate get real
Democrats that are uncorrupted by this
corporate money and who don't want the
status quo they want real change watch
the young turks commercial free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
