so there's all these Democrats in
Washington and they believe the most
important thing is well let's be civil
let's be civil
now wait you have a monster in office
dogs do hashtag resistance and maybe
I'll show up to a protester too and I'll
hide behind Bernie Sanders in a press
conference but am I going to actually
fight for anything positive man well
that would be too bold and how about
fighting Trump himself well let's be
civil about it so Dianne Feinstein
senator from California was asked about
it and here's what she said
urge his resignation or impeachment look
this man is going to be President most
likely for the rest of this term I just
hope he has the ability to learn and to
change and if he does he can be a good
president and that's my hope I have my
own personal feelings about it
yeah I understand how you feel I
understand how you feel I know you don't
I don't think you understand how we feel
at all so look I don't need to put words
in our mouths she doesn't have to say
any kind of particular magic sentence
and and they always paint progressives
as unreasonable or not practical and and
we must have certain you know words that
are recited policies that are litmus
test etcetera no look if you said right
now there's not grounds for impeachment
but they're doing investigation let's
let the investigation to happen if it
turns out he did anything it's criminal
well obviously that would be grounds for
impeachment but let's let that
investigation collude nobody's gonna get
on you for that nobody's demanding that
you grab a pitchfork and do impeachment
immediately or some people might but
that's not the majority of the folks
that and that's not the heart of the
question and if you said hey look I
there are things I could work with
Donald Trump on if and this is a giant
giant if if he actually means it for
example he wants to spend a trillion
dollars on infrastructure if he's trying
to sell off our highways to the highest
bidder and then we have to pay tolls
forever no the answer is no under no
circumstances if he actually wants to
spend a trillion dollars on improving
infrastructure then the answer would be
yes
those are reasonable answers but when
you come in and you go you know like I
think that he can learn anything learns
he's gonna be a good president oh no
he's not capable of learning you know
that it's not like Feinstein looked at
trauma thinks well this guy could be a
really solid president I mean if at the
age of 70 some-odd years old he can
begin to learn then boy he'll turned
around know the reason she says that is
because Democrats in Washington have
been taught obey don't fight back too
hard under any and all circumstances be
civil the most important rule is be
civil so in a situation where you have a
president who's equates white
supremacist neo Nazis and the Klan with
their counter protesters some of whom
were murdered by those neo-nazis you
don't have to be that civil look I'm not
telling you to curses sometimes
Democrats do that because they feel like
oh that's I get some kudos for street
cred for cursing without actually having
to do any of the policy changes right
but you can tell these old senators
they're not gonna fight the Republicans
they're not gonna fight them because
they've been taught and they have
learned you know what nice and easy nice
and easy
oh maybe could be a good president so
after she catches a lot of political
heat she then puts out a statement while
I'm under no illusion that it's likely
to happen and will continue to oppose
his policies
I want President Trump to change for the
good of the country they're never ever
gonna learn you got to get this old
guard out the people that are used to
bowing their heads to Republicans the
people who are used to losing every
policy bite to the Republicans and you
got to get some fire breathers and then
I don't mean fire breather again in
terms of semantics or cursing or any of
the preposterous stereotypes that the
establishment media and the
establishment Democrats have about
progressives I mean fire-breathing in
terms of fighting for us fighting for
policy fighting for a higher minimum
wage fighting for free education
fighting for Medicare for all and of
course Feinstein earlier when asked for
Medicare for all
oh you know I might be you know
theoretically in favor of that more not
ready I wouldn't want to fight the
Republicans I'm not ready I'm not ready
my god I mean look at all let's just put
it this way Dan Feinstein is not in her
20s when are you gonna gear up the fight
what is it which decade is that going to
happen in no no get new blood in there
man
look there's right now I don't know the
progressive candidate that would run
against her in a primary
that would be helpful though but whether
it's her or anybody else you got a
primary these guys you got to clean them
out because they're never ever gonna
fight for you go to justice Democrats
calm go to justice Democrats not calm
slash win make a difference fight fight
for progressive values because these
people aren't going to do it if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
