so unfortunately disasters in Houston
continue in their area now of course
spreading to beyond Houston and now even
into Louisiana the flooding has caused
some viruses in the area and we're
worried about air borne illnesses let
alone the 37 people who were already
confirmed dead and tens of thousands
displaced now we have a new disaster the
CEO of RR keema Incorporated Richard Roe
had warned that his chemical plant might
explode and and it turns out
unfortunately it did let me give you the
details of that the water knocked out
the plants generators which cut power to
the refrigeration system for the plants
sensitive materials now look this is
where why regulation matters and to be
fair we have not yet it just happened
way not yet Doh doh-doh ving to the the
finer details of what regulations exist
and what don't in this case but boy I
wish there were regulations for a backup
generator here or or maybe even two
again I don't know the cost and I'm not
saying that as a blanket statement that
that anything was specifically done
wrong here by the company or even the
government of Texas but you can see why
backup and further safety regulations
could be important
because sometimes stuff like this
happens and so yes it might cost more to
have a backup but if you don't have a
backup in a chemical plant it turns out
it blows up so multiple news reports are
now saying that there have been two
explosions at the plant and black smoke
is emanating around the area according
to the Harris County Sheriff's Office
one of their deputies was hospitalized
and nine of his colleagues went to
receive medical treatment following the
blast that was from Mediate earlier in
the day just a little bit later in the
day I saw that the count of police
officers at the hospital had been moved
up to 15 now they're largely okay and
last I heard right before that we went
live on the show they'd all been
released from the hospital thank God for
that and they explained one deputy taken
to the hospital this was from earlier in
the day after inhaling fumes from the
our camp plan in Crosby nine others
drove
so so a hospital as a precaution but
therein lies a huge problem not only
could you have gotten hurt by the blast
in the area but it has released
dangerous chemicals into the air so the
fumes might make people sick look man as
I look at that situation I am very
fearful of other chemical plants that
are in the area and and and in other
parts of the country where you could
have flooding and you could have other
issues there was an another plant that
had exploded also in Texas a little
while back that was for other reasons
and that one they definitely did not
have enough regulations on there's also
nuclear power plants near water all
across the country
what if there's flooding in the nuclear
plants you saw what happened at
Fukushima we have got to be a lot more
cautious about this because there's a
lot of lives on the line here finally
it's obvious that the local authorities
wanted to downplay this afterwards and
they put out a response that
unfortunately anything is comical they
said police have given an update on the
are chemo situation where they backed
away from the description of quote
explosions at the plan officials
described the incident as a fire and
that the blasts were actually a series
of pops that happen after some of the
chemicals ignited due to rising
temperatures well when something pops
and then is on fire that's kind of
called an explosion so it is a weird
thing to try to say I mean yes though
it's on fire and yes there was a pop
right before the fire and the chemicals
are in the air but I'm now renaming it a
pop instead of an explosion so no matter
what you call it
it is incredibly dangerous thank God the
officers there are okay and and I hope
that those fumes are are not a danger to
the rest of the community we have got to
be safe and part of safety is taking
precautions and sometimes it costs a
little extra but it is worth it when it
saves lives
support independent media come join us
to the Young Turks TYT Network comm /
join
