our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt Donald Trump had
an interview with Hill TV it which is a
Koch brothers funded new show I just
want to be clear about that watched it
today started with an ad talking about
protecting US energy just want to make
sure you guys are aware I they do have a
good host and crystal ball yeah a great
host
so let's move on crystal balls fine I I
know they're funded by the Koch brothers
that's it anyway art oh yeah is a joke
so anyway moving on so during this
interview Trump talked about a number of
things including how he wishes he would
have fired Comey after the Republican
National Convention you know before he
was even President of the United States
so let me give you his statements Trump
said that he believes his crusade
against the FBI whose past leadership he
has criticized as biased against him
will ultimately reveal corruption inside
the bureau uncovering that corruption
the president said could be one of the
crowning achievements of his
administration so as we had talked about
yesterday one of the things that Trump
wants to do is force the FBI the Special
Counsel specifically to release
classified documents pertaining to the
Russia investigations and he wants them
to be unredacted so he wants all of it
to be out in the open so he was also
saying to the hosts of Hill TV I hope to
be able to put this up as one of my
crowning achievements that I was able to
expose something that is truly a cancer
in our country he also says what we've
done is a great service to the country
really okay
people are just moving on with their
lives because Trump says outrageous
things all the time but let's just pause
here to note that the President of the
United States just called the FBI a
cancer to this country and now some
people on the Left might say hey you
know they've done a lot of terrible
things that that's interesting and and
and it wow what a
comment by a president and maybe there's
some truth to it back in the day and
there's still some abuses etc but this
the folk cable news New York Times one
host all of the establishment Democrats
all the establishment Republicans in the
past if anybody had said that their
heads would have exploded it would have
been one of the most if not the most
controversial thing a president had ever
said that the FBI is a cancer to the
country yep but we're used to Donald
Trump being like borderline lunatic so
we're like oh yeah of course the
president says the FBI is a cancer let's
move on yeah yeah I mean I have nothing
else add to that yeah we
he has normalized this kind of behavior
attacking the FBI simply because the FBI
is investigating
well investigating him now the the
investigation again it didn't begin with
Trump being investigated but his
obstruction of justice
uh-huh is now being investigated he also
told the hill that he should have fired
Comey the day I won the primaries
something he obviously would not have
the authority to do because you're not
even the President of the United States
how are you gonna fire the FBI like
anyone from the FBI you have no power
you just won the primaries that's it he
has the mind of a dictator like let's
just keep it real that's the way he
thinks
I know but he's crazy he's also
amazingly stupid who would say I would
have fired the head of the FBI when I
wasn't president when I won the
primaries he went on and on about how oh
I should have fired them after the
convention you were still not president
after the convention why are you saying
those things if any other president it
doesn't matter democrat or republican if
Obama and Bush Clinton anybody had said
the FBI is a cancer we'd be a giant
controversy you'd have hearings well
what is going on there's the president
why is he attacking law enforcement if a
liberal had attacked the FBI like that
and law enforcement like that oh my god
they're terrorists etc I mean black
lives matter at protests people getting
unarmed people getting shot and they get
called terrorists on Fox News
this guy says screw all law enforcement
screw the FBI there are cancer and by
the way I'm so unbelievably ignorant
that I think I couldn't fire the
director of the FBI when I wasn't
president and we just move on if Obama
had said that you know how Fox News
would have said oh oh dumb ignorant
doesn't know what he's doing
mustard on a hamburger okay let's all
remember those things mustard on a
hamburger Tan suit those were national
scandals according to conservatives okay
by the way just to be clear
obviously Obama didn't wasn't perfect he
of course had flaws but those were the
flaws that were ignored by the media
right the killing of civilians abroad
through drone strikes and signature
strikes no one cares who cares right Fox
News like that that's why they had to
pick mustard on a hamburger to criticize
them for it's so I mean every time we
remember that it's amazing now you have
a moron who doesn't know that you can't
fire the FBI director if you're not the
president
Rob healthy lunches from the first lady
yeah he's trying to tell you kids what
to do this dictatorship is out of
control oh that's so write down what
your children eat remember Obama had
like a speech that went out to all the
schools he's coming across there was
like a Hitler figure speaking to your
kids pumping some kind of subliminal
message into their brains yeah now this
guy says oh he said earlier maybe
flipping ought to be illegal flipping is
when you cooperate with law enforcement
the president suggested that cooperating
with law enforcement perhaps should be
made illegal but Michelle Obama was
dictatorial because she wanted your kids
to eat vegetables like what you see
click the subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
