lawmakers and former lawmakers continue
to weigh in on the issue of Confederate
statues and whether or not they should
be removed from public lands and
replaced in memorials where they have
the proper context well one of those
former lawmakers weighing in on this
debate is Georgia State Representative
LaDonna Jones she's no longer a state
representative
however she recently commented on a
Facebook post that was written by
Georgia State Representative Jason's
Jason Spencer
now Jason Spencer seems to be very much
in favor of the Confederate statues and
LaDonna Jones kind of called him out and
criticized him for it and his response
was it appears violent and I wanted to
share it with you he essentially said
that she won't be met with torches but
something a lot more definitive if she
continues to call for the removal of
statues in South Georgia he continues to
write people in South Georgia are people
of action not drama and suggested some
who don't understand that will quote go
missing in the Okefenokee so III think
there's a case to be made that Jason
Spencer should be arrested so you know
right-wingers think that the freedom of
speech means I can say whatever I want
it's not what it means you can't you
know fire in a crowded theater there are
some limitations and one thing you
cannot do is incite violence so you're
allowed any political speech you want
and and I love that about this country
and that's kind of what we do here
that's the heart and soul of our job so
I love the First Amendment I defend it
but you can't say to people I will
murder you that is a crime that is not
speech and or that is not permitted
speech so now in this case it's I grant
you that it's tougher because the state
rep here did not say I am going to kill
you he said other people will kill you
right but it seems like he's encouraging
people to take that out right which
could be perceived as inciting violence
which is not protected by the First
Amendment
you know it's it's it's an interesting
take that you have regarding prosecuting
him that's not going to happen
and it seems as though they had an
relationship back when state
representative Jones was a
representative she's no longer one she
says yeah you know we had a friendship
and it was heated at times because we
disagree on things but we just have that
kind of relationship but I do want to
give you some more details into what he
said first of all the part about they're
not about drama they take action right
that seems like you are encouraging them
like you're celebrating the idea of
people going after a former lawmaker in
a violent way and in a definitive way
anyway so Jones responded back with
enjoy but no winter is coming which is
the Game of Thrones reference for those
of you who don't watch you know it -
otherwise you wouldn't have found a need
to even make this post or those hollow
threats of not coming to South Georgia
so I think she makes a lot of sense
there because I think a lot of people
you know who identify with some of the
neo-nazis in the country are afraid that
they're gonna be the minority you hear
it over and over again we're gonna be
the minority we're gonna be the minority
as if that's like the worst thing that
could possibly happen to them and well
that's because they know how they
treated minorities when they are in
charge and they think probably
minorities will be as vicious as we were
to them so it's an act of projection
yeah all right now I love laDawn Blanca
Jones she's know one of my new heroes I
wanted to because I was some of the
quotes that she shot back with it I'll
tell you in a second but in terms of
Jason Spencer look are we gonna let this
keep going where you say now I'm not
gonna kill you I'm not gonna make you
disappear but maybe my fans will maybe
people who support me well now if you
flip it my guess is the right wing would
not be as happy if for example the Black
Panther Party or whatever boogeyman that
the right wing has in their head said Oh
Bill O'Reilly better not come to
Manhattan otherwise he'll go missing and
or just take Oliver
we saw what happened with Kathy Griffin
which by the way we also criticized here
on the show she took a photo with what
appeared to be a decapitated head that
looked like
Trump and their heads exploded right
everybody knew it was a mannequin
everything it's not like anybody thought
Oh Kathy Griffin beheaded Donald Trump
right right and they lost it and and and
I think rightfully so but when you have
an actual threat of violence of
murdering someone they're like oh no big
deal
no big deal mannequins super dangerous
and scary real human beings and threats
to them no big deal
so if some Muslim American group said
Sean Hannity you better not come to this
part of America
otherwise we will take we won't do drama
we'll take real action and make you
disappear there is no way the FBI
doesn't investigate that no way and you
know it but when right-wingers do it
they have special privileges and then
when you point out white privilege they
go I am sorry
well this is what we're talking entreat
doesn't mean that you live in a mansion
it means that you can threaten to kill
people and get away with it you know
what minorities wouldn't be able to do
which neither side should be able to do
it also means that you can literally
fire a gun at a crowd of individuals and
not get charged with attempted murder
instead you get charged with firing a
gun within a thousand feet of a school
right which is what happened during that
hate rally in Charlottesville the ACLU
released a video of a guy who literally
just opened fire at a crowd luckily no
one was struck she missed but that's
that's what we talk about when we
discuss white privilege okay now let's
go to load on Jones because you know and
I read you the part where she says you
don't even make this post or those
hollow threats of not coming to South
Georgia the last line of that post was
by the way I'm in South Georgia right
now okay I love her attitude she said we
will not let you hide hate behind
heritage which is a great way of putting
it she said move your idols to private
property because we're gonna take them
off of public property which is a great
point she's not saying that we're racing
history or that you don't get to
celebrate racist traitors to America
you do get sale celebrate them but on
private property because this is America
and also in their in their proper
context right I mean think about the
fact that some of these statues are
placed in front of courthouses where we
deal with a two-tiered justice system
that's
not just based on racial biases but also
socio-economic bias I mean think about
how incredibly insulting that is and how
much that adds insult to injury I get it
you guys love your little statues put
your statues in their proper context
they don't need to be in front of a
Statehouse yeah you know on the General
Lee statues I prefer generals who didn't
lose Wars but she wrote in another post
hashtag flag on hashtag Confederate
statues leaving
hashtag hate done hashtag sorry not
sorry all right how much do I love her
let's keep going she says so grab your
guns and your pickup trucks in driving
circles with your Confederate flags
while we buy up your land and make
America great for once lock those photos
in your memory because we're about to
tear that shit down hashtag bye Felicia
hashtag bye Stonewall hashtag bye Lea
okay this woman is awesome she's not
done yet
she says and you know you sound like
such a tough guy but I saw those white
supremacists crying when the shit really
hit the fan and she said because due to
the internet and common sense the lies
you feed about superiority will die they
will grow to resent you to referring to
their kids they will grow to resent you
and then they will come work for me and
my children who were taught no one is
better than anyone else that's right see
now that is freedom of speech she's not
threatening anyone she's just saying hey
since you're ignorant your kids probably
won't do very well no work for my kids
hey get an education otherwise this is
your fate the other side goes we know
like education me like old racist
generals hmm me threatened to kill you
gee I wonder who won that debate I can't
quite tell support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network calm /join
