the Obama administration attempted to
look a little closer into the issue of
inequality at the workplace and
obviously there have been a number of
debates about people getting paid
unfairly based on their gender or their
race and so as a result the Obama
administration wanted some of the bigger
companies and corporations to start
reporting what the salaries were within
their companies and now Donald Trump and
his administration have come in and they
said no we don't want to know that
information you guys don't have to
report anything now
the hope was that the change would help
illuminate systemic wage discrimination
against women and minorities a problem
that persists in part because of limited
available data so oftentimes when we
talk about income inequality with men
versus women there are government
statistics that are usually cited but
those statistics aren't necessarily fair
because it's not comparing the pay for
women versus men for the same jobs and
so this whole thing was about gathering
the data and kind of understanding what
the potential issue is now business is
immediately complained of the
administrative strain the regulation
would put on their operations and
questions whether the information would
be useful or securely handled now Donald
Trump's administration agreed with that
and now they're saying no one has to do
it it's they in fact said that it's
burdensome and unnecessary so yeah so I
actually was slightly split on this but
I'm I'm biased because I run a business
so I'm just being clear about that bias
first of all you should know it does not
apply to small businesses it doesn't
apply to companies with under 100
employees for the moment being we have
under 100 employees so it wouldn't apply
to us so my bias is limited but it might
one day so I think that there are three
components that they cite here as well
as to why they killed the bill and two
of them you can argue one of them you
cannot so they they say that it's
unnecessarily burdensome well it is
burdensome because you would do have to
actually keep better track and reported
to the government whether it's
unnecessarily burdensome that's the
value judgement that anybody can make
they say it has no practical utility
that
just not true of course it has utility
even if I thought well I don't want to
go through the paperwork of doing that
if I'm running my business I recognize
that it has utility because then you get
a much better sense of whether there
really is a wage gap and maybe you'll
find out there isn't wouldn't that be
interesting so and and so it definitely
has utility that's what drives me crazy
about politics sometimes everything is
black and white the other side is all
wrong or the others or all right or
we're all right
no it's sometimes it's a little bit of
both so saying it has no practical
utility makes you think that either a
you're not lying but yours obviously
enormous ly biased on this issue or you
don't want to find out right and find
out or they I mean you don't want other
people to find out right because if the
Trump administration miraculously
decided to actually go through with this
and collect this data it's likely that
at some point it would be public
knowledge that certain companies are
maybe not paying certain people fairly
for the same exact work and so look
every time this debate comes up it's
frustrating because it's it's hard to
have a strong opinion unless you have
evidence to back up your claims and you
can't back up the claims if you're not
comparing people doing the same job if
you don't have enough data if you don't
have enough evidence and so right now a
lot of it is based on anecdotal stuff so
for instance something will be leaked
online where employees will find out
what the salaries are and they'll think
okay well how come the women are making
less or how come the black employees are
making less that those kinds of issues
come up but is this a systemic issue is
this a societal issue is there something
that should be done on a governmental
level that could help mitigate this we
don't know well some of us can suspect
it but we don't have the hard core data
available to really address it yeah and
we have macro data on wages and that's
why you know that women make less than
men overall but that's not that helpful
because it's different jobs and so and
we've heard about that a lot which is
that it does
Just Cause women make 77 cents for every
dollar that a man makes doesn't mean
that it's systemic discrimination
because there are more women in
different kinds of jobs than then than
men so this would be more helpful in
figuring out if they're getting paid for
the same job the same amount or not now
at the same time I think there's another
issue with this where they say they have
privacy and confidentially
confidentiality concerns I do share
those concerns one a lot of the wages
can leak which i think is it's a
terrible idea for inside a company so
and it causes ill-will for and and no
one ever sees the full context of
anything if they're making $1 less than
anyone else that's that's the biggest
crime in the history of humanity etc and
it could really is so discord so I think
there's legitimate points against this
against the Obama administration's
guidelines on it and then the other
thing that can happen is you can take a
comment like Starbucks but I'm just
using and picking them out of a hat
right and things like that could be
useful and things that might be
destructive so useful is hey baristas
come in if they're in the same market
but all of a sudden you see that men are
getting paid more than women at the same
level there's just no reason at all for
that right and so that would be helpful
now Starbucks is very progressive so
that's unlikely but you never know right
and but when you get into the executive
positions well then there's could be
great variability some might be
subconscious discrimination that you're
not aware of you're hiring the people
that you know right and some of it could
be well that person has a lot more
experience and the other one doesn't you
know or a great number of factors so
then you leak that information and they
can I mean in some ways I'm glad the
Trump administration is not gonna have
information like this about individual
companies you think Trump wouldn't you
know leak some of this and cherry-pick
once he doesn't like and so so I think
this one is a much tougher issue than
simply saying that it's the wrong
that's never gonna get solved it's just
not gonna get solved right because any
time that there's any progress there's
someone with a roadblock and look the
trip people got all upset because I said
some pretty harsh things about female
Trump supporters
I don't regret those statements and I
never will and the reason why is because
look at what he thinks of you he doesn't
care about protecting you he doesn't
care about insure he doesn't even want
to know have the information or the data
to figure out whether or not you're
being treated unfairly at the workplace
and how is he supportive of you I mean
he sits there talking about how he's
looking out for the little guy I was
gonna bring jobs back how he's gonna
improve the economy how he's gonna look
out for you he does not look out for any
of you the only people he looks out for
are the richest people in the country
the corporate people that he's known all
his life he is the exact type of person
who exploited a corrupt political system
and so yeah I think if you are
impoverished or if you're in a tough
economic situation if you're part of a
disenfranchised group of people and you
supported Trump that was a really bad
move and I'm not gonna regret that
statement ever ever because he's proven
time and time again that he does not
care about you and this is just another
example this was not meant to force
employers to pay anyone anything it was
just an attempt to gather data to figure
out whether or not there's a systemic
problem that needs to be addressed
so like I said we have slight
differences of opinion on exactly how we
view this but they're not if they
thought the information was going to
come out that they that the wages are
the same they would have collected yeah
okay they're afraid of what they might
find out and of course when corporate
donors say we don't want it it's not
gonna get done in the Trump
administration and that's the bottom
line his donors told him no and he's
like okay great we're done with it if
you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live two-hour
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
