Trump is now turning to his next big
legislative goal that is a fundamental
rewriting of the entire US tax code with
a couple of goals in mind one is to give
a massive historic tax cut to the
richest individuals and biggest
corporations the world has ever seen
because they've been hurting recently
and while also bankrupting the US
government so that'll be very nice for
them if you can accomplish it we're
gonna break down all the details as we
have for what feels like two years now
what his goals in terms of taxes are but
we want to show you a little bit of his
announcement today where he talked about
his strategy going forward here is
Donald Trump must dramatically simplify
the tax code eliminate special interest
loopholes and I'm speaking against
myself when I do this I have to tell you
and I might be speaking against Mr Cook
and we're both okay with it is that
right it's crazy we're speaking maybe we
shouldn't be doing this you know but
we're doing the right thing that's an
absolute lie one of the taxes that
they're gonna cut through is called a
pass-through tax and that is how Donald
Trump has almost all his money funneled
to him so that way he pays lower taxes
on it and he's gonna cut that tax
he's an absolute 100% liar
so this tax cut is for the enormous ly
rich it's for multinational corporations
and yes it's definitely for Donald Trump
so he'll brag about all I'm not taking
my salary as president which is $400,000
the amount of taxes that he'll save if
he's if he's right about his wealth
which is of course not true he claims he
has ten billion I was not remotely true
but if he's right about it he could save
up to a billion dollars in taxes yeah so
another gargantuan Trump lot yeah let
alone killing the estate tax which is
one of their goals that certainly could
save his kids a billion dollars or more
yeah like he he lives we all know he
lives he's been lying for years we've
heard thousands and thousands of lives
and we we point out why their lives we
show the facts and it doesn't convince
anyone and so I get that but if you
believe that he would pass a bill that
would harm
himself financially you are too stupid
to be left alone with a TV I don't think
it's safe for you to be watching TV by
yourself how could you possibly believe
that maybe one component of the bill
will hurt him by 15 bucks and then he'll
cut his corporate taxes to less than two
basically a third of what they are now
as we're in a layout saving himself
millions of dollars the people who
laughed in the crowd are not laughing at
his joke they're laughing at the stupid
people who will believe his lies and so
I hope that nobody watching this does
but we got more Trump for you before we
go to more of his loopholes and a plan
and all that they've been previewing
that they're turning now to taxes so in
an interview with the Financial Times
last week the the economic advisor cone
said that the White House and GOP
leaders have agreed on a quote good
skeleton for a tax overhaul and said
that the house tax reading committee
would be drafting legislation while the
house a White House tries to sell its
plan which is interesting because this
reminds me a lot of the push for
repealing Obamacare and trying to
replace it where he gives these like
sort of vague ideas of what he wants and
then he puts it on the White House I'm
sorry on the house and that's
interesting because theoretically they
might share a lot of goals but if you're
in the house it's actually it might be
concerning for you based on what
happened with the health care tobacco
debacle because of course he insulted
the plan saying it was without heart and
it was mean and throwing under the bus
the very people who were trying to pass
a bill that did what he wanted and so in
a breakdown in Politico talking with
some of the people who were gonna be
doing this drafting of the bill people
said that there are questions over
whether the White House will embrace the
legislation that eventually comes out of
the House effort or distance itself as
critics and special-interest start
getting louder and if you were alive
during the healthcare plan a battle why
wouldn't you believe that he would do
that and the idea is that he is gonna be
standing back and trying to sell the the
plan you know using the bully pulpit and
going around the country but we we saw
with health care like he he largely
forgot what they were even talking about
during that time and he left them out to
be skewered yeah so look guys
this is a false debate there's this
whole drama about will dispatch a rule
does not pass and I remember even before
our public debate ben shapiro said and
he said it during the debate as well oh
no it definitely won't pass because
there's too much opposition and there's
just no way to bottle it up the tax plan
one tax point you're nuts
it will definitely pass so you know pass
with Trump or without Trump the only
person who could blow this tax card his
trunk with his grotesque incompetence
but even if he were to after he leaves
Pence will pass it this so the question
isn't that the question is are they
going to have to settle for a multi
trillion dollar tax cut we can get some
corporate Democrats to back them and
will they think that that's a better
strategy hey let's not get too greedy
let's take just a couple of trillion
dollars from the American people and do
wealth redistribution to the top that
way we'll get a couple of our lackeys in
the Democratic Party to go along with us
and and I'll definitely go through or do
we go for the gold here and go for like
the seven trillion dollar tax cut yeah
and that might be a little bit harder
that's the only question
not whether these donors are gonna get
paid off because that's the whole point
of buying this Congress and buying Trump
this is a swamp monster and it shall
have its way yeah and look this is I
mean before the election this is one of
the like the main four reasons that
under no circumstances could Trump or
any Republican get in the White House is
this tax reform because it is the gift
that keeps on giving it is the
foundation that underlies all of their
other goals I mean if you can take eight
trillion dollars away from the federal
government then you are requiring cuts
to to government programs of a sort that
you we've never even imagined before and
they are not going to be coming from
conservative priorities they are going
to decimate every progressive
achievement over the past half century
and they will have to to have anything
close to a balanced budget going forward
if they're able to pass this and I agree
it will be interesting to see how greedy
they get because they have been
salivating over these massive tax cuts
since basically since bush since they
got other massive tax cuts and there's a
lot that they want I mean
want to get rid of you their state tax
they want to cut business taxes down to
almost nothing they want to cut the top
tax bracket down significantly and they
could go for all of that and probably
still get one or two Democrats to go
along with it or they could simply
destroy the federal government get
trillions and there would probably be a
significant amount of bipartisanship in
that which is unfortunate okay by the
way there is there is this is not tax
reform these are tax cuts if it was
reform it would be revenue neutral it is
not going to be anywhere near revenue
neutral in fact Paul Ryan gave up and
said it a couple of weeks ago yes fine
it will not be revenue neutral he was
pretending all the way to the end that
it was gonna be that way and then all
his donors pulled him aside and said no
no on this one issue
we're definitely with Trump make it as
severe a tax cut as you could possibly
make and it doesn't just destroy
progressive priorities I mean Social
Security and Medicare are 77% and 84%
approval Social Security at 84% they're
gonna cut it because you can't I count
those as progressive priorities that the
American public doesn't realize how
progressive there are yes and and they
love those and and will you get relief
from from natural disasters like
hurricane Harvey not if you don't the
federal government has no money so then
you not be a single food stamp in the
country after this yeah and and beyond
that it is wealth redistribution now
corporations will pay even less EU space
35% of all taxes back in the nineteen
fifty is now they're down at 11% this
will bring them down to maybe five
percent who would pays the tax you guys
are the middle class paid through a
payroll tax which keeps getting larger
and larger when they say tax cuts they
don't mean for you most of the time it
winds up being tax increases for you
guys because of how the tax pine gets
split up when corporations pay less you
pay more so this is a way of doing
wealth redistribution for the richest
people in the country and that winter is
definitely coming if you like The Young
Turks you love Young Turks membership
TYT Network dot-com /join
