California is expecting a ballot measure
in 2018 that that would allow people
living in California to vote on
legalizing so-called magic mushrooms
these are hallucinogenic mushrooms that
have been proven in some studies to help
alleviate the symptoms of anxiety
post-traumatic stress disorder
depression and so the idea behind this
is we should make this drug legal so
those who want to use it those who are
over the age of 21 will have access to
it and won't be criminalized as a result
now in order to have this ballot measure
on the ballot they have to have a
certain number of signatures three
hundred sixty-five thousand eight
hundred eighty to be exact but they are
planning on getting the signatures
necessary and getting this measure on
the ballot look I don't know if that
even California is ready for this in
2018 because there's been so much
propaganda against all forms of drugs
forever that people are gonna go whoa
whoa magic mushrooms that's a bridge too
far
the reality is you should legalize all
drugs not because they're good for you
they most of the illegal drugs out there
are devastating for you meth fentanyl I
mean you go in some of the legal ones as
well you go down the list do not take
those it's an incredibly dangerous and
will ruin your life but making them
illegal doesn't make you take them less
every jurisdiction that has legalized
any kind of drug has seen a drop in its
usage probably because people don't want
to go to a government office to take
these things and so imagine mushrooms
are not incredibly dangerous
I've never taken them I don't know the
exact effects that they have but they
are more natural and again you could
make an argument that beer is worse etc
so you should legalize all of this 2018
I'd be surprised if they can get it done
by then but this is about it exactly
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
