senator Ted Cruz continues to get
hammered over as 180 on disaster relief
funds and it's not just the Democrats or
mass media that you might expect
actually attacking him although there is
a bit of that as well so in this first
clip you're going to see him attempting
to explain when a host on I believes
MSNBC points out his abrupt 180 when it
comes to sandy funding versus Harvey
funding a lot of people are pointing out
that you voted against aid for sandy
after that catastrophic catastrophic
storm well you know look there's time
for political sniping later the problem
with that particular bill is it became a
fifty billion dollar bill that was
filled with unrelated pork two-thirds of
that bill had nothing to do with sandy
and and what I said then and still
believe now is is that it's not right
for politicians to exploit a disaster
and people are hurting to pay for their
own political wish-list god he's he's
not even good at it the political
sniping but like you look terrible you
look terrible and you know that and some
politicians can sort of brush it away
but he doesn't have that capacity and so
it's pointed out there maybe he was
hoping it would simply go away but it's
not going to go away and we've actually
got a catfight between him and a
Republican chris Christie so let's turn
here on fox chris Christie pointing out
again that hypocrisy senator Cruz's a
you know accusation of two-thirds of the
sand he thought was pork is absolutely
ridiculous Washington posted a fact
check on it yesterday that is consistent
with what I remember at the time there
was a Senate bill that had some of that
that all got stripped out because all of
us including the people in New Jersey
objected to it they were playing
politics with it okay they were all
getting ready to do what they wanted to
do for 2016 and make themselves seem
like the most conservative person the
fact the matter is there's not a liberal
conservative way to deal with people who
are drowning and dying yeah yeah so a
conservative way to deal with people who
want to cross a bridge though different
ideas about how to do that yes but in
this case chris christie is absolutely
right so the Washington Post gave it
three out of four Pinocchios for Ted
Cruz's claim that that bill was loaded
up with pork you just it's just not true
so and but the thing that Christie is
most right about is that Ted Cruz saw a
political opportunity during Hurricane
sandy to paint himself as the most
diabolically conservative which the rest
of the country might seem incredibly
unappealing but for Republican primary
voters who he was targeting because he
knew he was going to run and he did in
2016 is good news for them they owe this
draconian asks who even when people are
absolutely suffering and dying and we've
got a natural disaster says no I won't
give you the money I won't give you the
money under any circumstance I don't
care if you're dying in the middle of a
storm that's the political game that Ted
Cruz played now when it comes to bite
him in the ass in Texas all of a sudden
he's got his hat on and he's pretending
to help people I'm just worried about
the people and all of a sudden it's not
time for political sniping well how come
during hurricane sandy was a perfect
time for your political ambitions and
now all of a sudden when it hits your
home state not the right time for
politics yeah and to John's point about
Chris Christie's hypocrisy all the
Republicans are hypocrites whatever it's
an issue that they think helps them
politically let's say terrorism they go
oh my god we've got to go get them we've
got to go get the bad guys of the
terrorists and let's make this political
and drop bombs when it's a mass shooting
hey wait a minute
don't make this political by talking
about guns no sniping no sniping and
literally in that case right so and and
so they go back and forth on this but on
this one Ted Cruz is a million percent
wrong and he knows it and this is the
hypocrisy that's so sickening
yeah and occasionally with Republicans
as we've pointed out over the years when
something that they've been against some
sort of social issue actually affects
them or their family sometimes because
it affected their tiny little circle
they will evolve and they'll become like
a normal empathic person but in this I
don't expect that to happen I mean Ted
Cruz voted against the sandy funds and
now it's a 180 so he wants the harvey
funds which of course he should there
will be more storms we know that that's
what we've signed up for with the way
we've organized our economy and our
energy system so when the next set of
storms comes will Ted Cruz support it
will people force him to
the media point out his position on
Harvey will other politicians probably
not I mean Ted Cruz is getting our focus
here but he was not the only Republican
in Texas or across the country that was
against those sandy funds it's sort of
expected that at this point that if it's
not their state they're simply not going
to care but I want to point out some of
the other people attacking him there's
been some great covers on the New York
Daily News bring up this first one it's
pretty clear what they think truck dead
dead now that that was during the
campaign by the way when he said that he
when he attacked quote-unquote in New
York values yes and so one of my
favorite tweets is from Peter King I
don't know if you got it oh yeah we do
we do have it we have a lot more cover
let's bring up the second one how do we
you know the bronze take the fu train
Ted that's clever but then we do have a
Peking as well saying Ted Cruz and Texas
cohorts voted versus New York New Jersey
aid after sandy but I'll vote for Harvey
aid New York one abandoned Texas one bad
turn doesn't deserve another then my
favorite Pete King tweet was as lifelong
New Yorker with New York values I will
vote for emergency Harvey funding for
Ted Cruz's constituents above all true
Americans must stand together so that's
a shot that combines Ted Cruz talking
about New York values in a negative
light during the primary and his vote on
hurricane sandy yeah and then Frank
LeBlanc Biondo who is a Republican of
New Jersey joined in as well and saying
the same thing hey listen we're gonna
help the people of Texas even though
Cruz and by the way almost the entire
republican texas state light delegation
not not the state delegation but the
federal delegation for texas voted
against sandy funding it all but one of
them they all said no if it affects in
New York or New Jersey
we don't tear we're not going to give
money for that let them die okay and
actually vote in favor of a storm for
San Francisco now what it turns around
and it's hits Texas it's Republican 101
oh but that's my people yeah if it's if
it's no-good dirty
New Yorkers what would they know they'll
have dirty New York values that I vote
no oh sometimes they get hit by
terrorism like on 9/11 who cares
sometimes they get hit by super storms
like sandy who cares I'm not a New
Yorker I'm not gonna give them any money
in their time of need now that same
Texas delegation including Ted Cruz
Charles golly gee I haven't forfend
playing three people playing politics I
want money give me the money and I'll
say this you think Ted Cruz is just
doing this for the people of Texas now
he'll fight for that so that he gets
more votes I understand that but I
guarantee you I laid out for you right
now well ahead of time when it comes to
asked for money he's gonna ask money for
the oil companies yeah he's gonna ask
money for all of his donors and his real
constituency in Texas all this stuff
about Oh golly gee I'm down in texture
they're not time for politics it's like
all donors I don't worry I got your back
hey hey what's great about my
predictions is that I tell you ahead of
time so if I'm wrong and Ted Cruz never
asked for money for his big business
donors down in Texas then you'll get to
say hey Jake look at that what a crazy
conspiracy theory you had that the
millions of dollars that they gave Ted
Cruz would actually affect him I but
you'll see he will in fact ask for that
money and that's part of what this is
about
TYT Network comm slash Harvey not a
dollar not a cent to any of the oil
companies who caused this mess in the
first place
qit membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network's
shows and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
