hurricane Harvey continues its
devastation and flooding today after
hitting both Port Arthur and Beaumont
Texas last night we're gonna start off
by showing you this map to give you an
idea of some of the movements of the
storm and also the intensity along that
path you're seeing there as it hit
Corpus Christi this is up obviously
previously hitting category 4 retreating
going back in towards the coast as a
tropical storm we're treating and again
making landfall this is early this
morning they're on sort of the dividing
point between Texas and Louisiana and so
I mean obviously that the storm center
is moving off the rains and flooding
continue but there's no relief because
you have a short period where it moves a
little bit back out towards away from
the coast and then it comes back in the
storm as I said made its second landfall
at 4:00 a.m. as early today west of
Cameron Louisiana near the Texas border
harvey is expected later on to move
northeast gradually weakening and
becoming a tropical depression by
wednesday night although some storms
some rain will continue on
it's believed through thursday and that
is just the beginning of the eventual
recovery of course because we're still
in a terrible situation in basically the
4th largest metropolitan area and the
entirety of the u.s. still around
Houston and now Louisiana which is in
some ways even less capable of dealing
with the damage that the storm will do
even though it's at a lower intensity
level now is now in its path I want to
update you on some of the numbers though
more than 32,000 people were in shelters
in Texas as of today 1800 people have
been moved from shelters to hotels and
motels I've seen numbers ranging from 8
to 10,000 rescues that have already been
conducted by both Houston officials
police departments the Coast Guard the
Navy and volunteers of course
unfortunately the devastation has been
bad local officials have reported at
least 38 deaths related to or suspected
to be related to the storm and I want to
give you an idea of some of these the
victims include a police officer who
died on his way to work a mother who was
swept into a canal while her child
survived by clinging to her body and
woman who died when a train tree fell on
her mobile home and a family that is
believed to have drowned while trying to
escape the flood waters in a van because
as many people have accurately pointed
out evacuation can save lives but
evacuation can also take lives and it is
itself an incredibly dangerous process
that can expose people trying to get
away from the floodwaters to any number
of other dangers we have some other
developments that we want to talk about
but this is the the current state of the
storm as of right now so as you hear
those tragic stories it's heartbreaking
there's some stories of rescue of course
two three people got pulled from a tree
where they had found shelter and they
were hoping that people came by in to
rescue them and they did and then they
found a six-year-old who had been
separated from his parents imagine the
terror in that kid is there's flood
water everywhere and he can't find his
parents thank God they found him and
he's okay in the families okay now but
as you heard from John some of those
families are not okay
so local citizens they're saying things
like quote I've never seen anything like
this well you're not alone it's the
worst a rainfall and storm we have seen
in a long time in fact it broke the
record for rainfall of a single storm
anywhere in the continental United
States and is about to break the record
for one in Hawaii as well and it's 51
point eight eight inches in Cedar Bayou
and east of Houston which is an unreal
amount of water so look we know what
caused this yes there are storms
throughout time that's of course part of
the the planet but the storms have
gotten worse so what scientists
explained in explaining climate change
it change is that storms would get more
severe yeah and here we are in a storm
that is more severe they say it's a 500
year flood it is not there is a flood
similar in Louisiana and again Louisiana
hit today just last year and there'll be
another flood that a year after that and
the year after that and each time
they'll call it a 500-year flood and
they'll pretend that it's not connected
to anything else they'll say well golly
gee look
what befell us it's not golly-gee I know
what befell us is climate change so it's
that climate doesn't change doesn't
cause every storm it makes some of the
storms far more severe which is exactly
what happened here and they the
scientists told you that the sea levels
would rise and they did in near Houston
it has risen over half a foot over the
last several decades well when you have
a half-foot more sea level you'll have
more flooding and and when you have
storms that are more severe you'll have
more flooding in and they told you that
the the temperatures would rise and the
sea temperature would rise and when the
sea temperature rose you know what the
scientists predicted you would have more
moisture because this is a matter of
science and they know that what happens
when things get warmer one of them is
more moisture and wha-la here it is so
don't pretend that we didn't know it was
coming so every news reporter that
covers this as an individual event oh
wow look at this what God or luck
brought us it is not God or luck it is
the fossil fuel industry yeah now there
are other things that contribute to
climate change but that's a giant one in
this case luckily it also hit the fossil
fuel industry now right-wingers get very
upset when you mention that I've already
had right-wingers write columns saying
no but the scientists can't be right
Jake because and how did they disprove
our facts and in their rebuttal of me
they said oh we asked the American
Petroleum Institute and their lobbyists
tell us that the scientists are wrong
and then they triumphantly declare like
got you know that's insanity of course
the world scientists are more accurate
about science than our lobbyists so no I
do not shed a tear for the oil industry
I shed a tear for all those people who
are devastated by this flood partly
caused by the oil industry so and in
terms of people whose jobs first of all
no jobs have been lost yet these some of
the refineries have been knocked out for
a week or longer so then the oil
lobbyists come in and all they're paid
right wing hacks write about oh now
you're celebrating job losses that's not
remotely true again you didn't use any
facts you just went to or in lobbies
because that's who pays you to do
Buganda yeah and second of all yes solar
jobs are now ascendant there is a lot
more of them in fact there's more solar
jobs in America than coal jobs but
nobody ever talks about that because all
you get is propaganda it doesn't mean if
the industry is displaced that nothing
will ever replace those jobs but yes
fossil fuel leads to climate change
which leads to hurricane Harvey if you
don't like that fact your problem is
with science and facts and not with me
or anyone who's bringing you that
message yeah and to the extent that that
you watching this video should be
concerned about those refineries being
hit it's that short term it could have a
negative impact on a lot of American
families that are nowhere near hurricane
Howard VR the areas that are being
flooded I mean something like a quarter
of the American refining capacity has
been knocked out at least temporarily
and god only knows how many weeks or
months it'll take to get it back like
back in on track and that means that
prices theoretically could go up for
Americans but yeah as Genk was alluding
to I mean there's a lot of reasons that
climate change can make storms worse I'm
not gonna go on all the science although
we talked about it constantly you can
watch an inconvenient sequel if you want
to see a lot of it I mean the simplest
thing is that warmer air holds more
moisture and so when a storm hits there
is simply more water in the air and
that's why you can break records for
amount of rainfall so we shouldn't be
surprised but and one other simple thing
is we're obviously worried about sea
level rise because you know we see the
pictures 50 years in the future 100
years in the future of islands that'll
be gone and American cities that will be
flooded but the problem with sea level
rise is not when Manhattan is covered in
water that's not the problem the problem
starts decades earlier than that when
flooding becomes much more likely and
much more severe because the water is
higher to begin with it's not when the
levees bursts that is the problem it's
in the anticipation of that and climate
change is already threatening us as it
has for Houston yes and so I want to
reiterate our petition here tea white
tea network.com slash Harvey it's
graphic 24 so the reason I want you guys
do this is because those lobbyists are
out in full force right now and what
they're going to do is they're going to
take the human trash
they're gonna hide behind those men
women and children who were killed in in
Houston and they say oh that's why you
got to give us bailouts for the oil
companies no no no we help our brothers
in need okay wherever this flag is flown
we take care of our own but that means
actual human beings so we're not going
to be monsters like Ted Cruz we're gonna
help the people of Houston but if those
oil companies that cause climate change
the first place come cryin to us that
finally they're paying some of the costs
they created for the entire planet our
answers that should be hell no we are so
the the petition we're asking you to
sign is OTO no circumstances should
these oil companies get one dollar of
taxpayer money in any kind of subsidy or
relief afterwards so you made this
problem you pay your own costs and yes
right wing idiots
that's called a free market you created
the cost you pay for the cost we're not
gonna do socialism here where we just
give all this money to the oil companies
who started the problem in the first
place no we give money to human beings
not to corporations there should be no
federal local or state government aid
coming out of US taxpayer pocket going
to those oil companies for those
refineries none not a dime make sure you
sign that petition so that our
legislators know TYT Network comm slash
Harvey we we got to be united and
speaking about this if you're in Houston
that money should go to you and not the
company who created the mess in the
first place if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
