another day another routine traffic stop
that very nearly ended in the death of
an unarmed civilian this time it's in
Washington state where we have a
motorcyclist who thankfully had a helmet
cam on during the altercation that
you're about to see
and with that he catches the insane
behavior of an unnamed detective so the
video is about to start you're gonna see
he comes to he stop and then there's an
altercation
you do it oh shit what are you doing
what do you mean what am i doing what
are you fucking up this fireman I know I
will point over I'm unarmed take your ID
right now I'm not I'm going to take your
idea you leave this bike up in a dump
gear I'm gonna put my bike down I'm
gonna put it on there turn it off and
I'm gonna get off okay is that all right
they take my helmet off I can't hear you
very well sir yup see I can't hear you
very well can I turn my vehicle on think
that's my wallet yep I'm not on
I'm sorry you have a gun drawn on me saw
him a little I'm a little police
when you're driving and you're gonna
place people at risk at 100 miles an
hour plus on the gun thing may I please
turn my vehicle off and take my helmet
off thanks I'm gonna
I got rice yeah that's
understand I'm with King County
Sheriff's Office okay
understand that forgive me like I said I
get nervous and there's a gun on me like
I'm not and you know I don't want to be
doing anything like I want to get off
okay first of all how you don't even
know that guy's a cop some guy walks up
to you with a gun and reaches in and
takes your wallet that looked like he
was robbing someone yeah like he was
just a robber
look if you're a cop it doesn't mean
you're above the law it means you
enforce the law
you got that covered conscience of the
law yeah that's not that complicated a
formula so you don't get to pull your
gun on people because you thought they
were going too fast and you know there's
other people saying but no we didn't go
anywhere near a hundred miles per hour
on the bike but it doesn't it doesn't
matter if he did yeah that's not how you
approach someone you don't approach him
with a weapon drawn because once you
draw the weapon as we saw the falando
Casteel case and and in the yoga
instructor case also in the state of
Minnesota
once you pull out the weapon God knows
that anything could happen the you know
with Philander Castillo the cop told him
not to reach down or reach up
so either way he was gonna get shot and
he told him to get his ID so here we
have a tense situation where guy says go
get your ID and the guy says can I take
my helmet off no can I can't hear you
I mean you have confusion with a gun
drawn yeah but you reach in any way
shape or form hi-low the wrong way and
you're gonna die yeah that's not and
when that guy did not appear did he look
armed to you I mean there was it's not
to say that he couldn't be armed it's
that there's no reason to suspect that
he was armed and you don't pull a weapon
on every single person that you pull
over yeah especially if you're playing
clothes but even if you weren't yeah I
look I we have people who ride I used to
ride four years we've people around here
most people riding motorcycles don't
have guns on them that's just the way it
is most people in cars don't either but
cops will say that they can't see into
the car it's dark on a motorcycle
everything is bare you can see
everything they're not reaching down
under the seat or anything like that he
walks up with his gun like hidden by his
body like he is trying to murder someone
and not gonna get caught doing it
and think just put yourself in the the
mindset the feelings of that guy on that
motorcycle instantly he does everything
that you're supposed to do he says I am
unarmed I am unarmed can I turn he asks
can I turn off the bike he tells him I
can't hear you he makes clear that
there's communication problems he can't
reach into his pocket because he's
wearing fucking motorcycle gloves you
can't do that look at his hands you know
that he can't reach in there he can't
hear you over the engine and the cars
next to him he's got a helmet on let him
take it off you can watch him with your
goddamn gun drawn during that he walks
up no provocation with the gun pointed
at him doesn't take it off
he instantly by the way one of the first
things he says is giving her an ID or
I'm knocking you off the bike he later
says I'm gonna dump you so instantly
there's not just the threat to his life
but there's I will destroy your property
I will do thousands of dollars worth of
damage to your vehicle if you don't do
the impossible thing I'm asking you to
do instantaneously I thought I'm gonna
dump you as far more threatening so
luckily I mean it's just the beginning
so we'll see I have to see what how the
office reacts overall but the King
County Sheriff John Burkhart said on
Facebook after seeing the video the
detective that he was quote deeply
disturbed with the conduct and tactics
that were recorded before announcing
that the detective had been placed on
administrative leave so let's let the
Sheriff's Department here handle it
first and we'll see how it goes because
look bad behavior is one thing cover-ups
for bad behavior by the overall
organization is much worse and that has
not happened here yet yeah okay nice oh
so we'll be on the lookout for we'll
follow the case but this is partly what
happens when you tell cops you can do
anything and they'll never be any
consequence and every person you come
across might shoot you at any second
that's right better have your gun out
that's right so hopefully there are some
consequences here so it sends the
opposite message remember you're
supposed to protect the community not
draw your weapons on them watch the
young turks commercial-free downloaded
or stream it watch it any way you like
at TYT Network comm slash join
