zombie cars will be bringing people in
Ann Arbor Pizza what do I mean by that
well Domino's and Ford are teaming up
for a new initiative where driverless
cars will be dispatched to certain lucky
Domino's Pizza ordering fiends and they
will be extremely confused so the idea
is that they will have a random person
will be chosen you'll use the Domino's
app they'll pick a random person they'll
give you a call and say are you okay
with the driverless car getting there
and after that quote people will have to
come out of their homes and type a
four-digit code into a keypad on the
mount mounted on the car that will open
the rear window and let customers
retrieve their order from a heated
compartment the compartment can carry up
to four pizzas and five sides Domino's
Pizza Inc says only four pizzas at five
sides how many pizzas do you order I
mean sometimes you want variety what if
you're having a pizza party you want
more pizza but anyway it's got more
friends if I need to order that anyway
that's not the main point I want to make
look this kind of stuff is happening
among various companies throughout the
country and I'm not just talking about
driverless cars I'm talking about you
know jobs being lost to automation and
so oftentimes when we discuss bringing
jobs back to the United States we'll
focus on things positions that have been
outsourced which that's a legitimate
conversation but a lot of people are
gonna lose their jobs because of
automation a lot of people have already
lost their jobs because of automation
I'm not saying that I don't want to
advanced technology but we also have to
think about the ramifications of
advancing that technology now at the
same time we also have a political party
that is fighting tooth and nail to
dismantle public education which will
essentially do away with opportunities
for people to you know learn the skills
necessary for a competitive job market
we can't let that happen we need to make
sure that our workers are skilled that
we have access to affordable education
on a college level and free education in
a grade school on a grade school level
these are these are the kind of things
that come to mind when stories like this
come out while it's exciting that
technology is
advancing it's also a little scary
because people will lose jobs and ways
of earning money yeah it's strange
because it was reported that according
to the CEO Weiner said the company has a
hundred thousand drivers in the US in a
driverless world he says that he could
see those employees taking on different
roles in the company I hope so I hope so
it's weird help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
