some of the schoolmates who are
personally you know who have personally
known the victim in the Brett Kavanaugh
case Christine Blasi for dr. Ford are
coming forward and they're sharing their
experience going to school with her and
also some of the things that they heard
while they were going to school and one
of the latest examples includes a woman
by the name of Christina Miranda King
she went to school with dr. Ford and she
shared her perspective in a Facebook
post which soon went viral she didn't
expect the circus that she would then be
pulled into but I think it is important
to share her perspective with you now
keep in mind that what she shares is not
specified based on who she got the
information from so we don't know
whether or not this is something that
she heard because dr. Ford spoke about
it or if Cavanaugh spoke about it or if
Mark judge spoke about it but here's
what she shared Christine Blasi Ford was
a year or so behind me I did not know
her personally but I remember her this
incident did happen and here's what she
says following that many of us heard a
buzz about it indirectly with few
specific details however a Christine's
vivid recollection should be more than
enough for us to truly deeply know that
the accusation is true so apparently
people had heard vague details about
that occurrence and remember dr. Ford
said that she hadn't spoken to anyone
about it until she went to couples
therapy with her husband in 2012 so you
know I'm curious personally if if this
was spoken about back then where did
these details come from dr. Ford said
that she hadn't spoken up but remember
she said that she locked herself in a
bathroom and then ran out of the house
so it's when she heard the guys go to
finally go downstairs so it is entirely
possible with other people in the party
saw that or they heard it from Kavanaugh
or judge and then those rumors spread
around the school now if you are a court
of law
this would be pretty pretty weak
evidence it's second hand is from 35
years ago it's unclear how she heard it
and she
rumors she didn't directly witness it
now in terms of whether it affects your
point of view on whether it happened or
not well I always try to think of it in
two ways one is what if the shoe is on
the other foot and and the second is you
know just being human related to my own
experiences so I remember and I want to
get into details of it
a particularly stark story that was a
rumor in my high school and so does that
mean that it definitely happened and
that it definitely happened in the way
that I remember
no but if that story came about in a
setting like this where it was either a
Republican let's say a conservative or a
liberal justice that was up for the
Supreme Court and people said that
person accused the other person of this
I'd say well I definitely remember that
story being told in high school now that
doesn't mean that it happened exactly in
that way but it does mean that certainly
people knew about it back then it's not
a figment of someone's imagination so
it's just that so when I look at it from
that human perspective of my own
perspective I think it makes it a little
bit more likely that it's true just a
little bit I mean yeah sure a little bit
I mean I would take this with a grain of
salt however there is a bigger I guess
effort being taken by people who want it
back dr. Ford and these are people who
went to school with her who knew her
personally and they have signed a letter
stating that they not only support her
but they believe her because they also
experienced an environment where the
boys at this elite school act acted a
certain way and I didn't know this but
Julia louis-dreyfus is one of those
people who signed the letter she
actually went to the girls version of
this elite school and so she shared the
letter on Twitter and she also said I
was class of 79 and signed this letter
and to give you some more information
the girls school is holton arms and it
says that dr. Blasi Ford's expiry
all too consistent with stories we heard
and lived while attending Holton many of
us are survivors ourselves so 200 women
have signed that so far and I think that
that means something yeah I think that a
Maria Cristina Miranda King's comments
are more relevant than that letter that
letter is relevant to give you the
context of the times but it says nothing
about Kavanagh or that particular party
or that particular incident it's just a
number of women saying stuff like that
used to happen with quite some with
quite regularity that's pretty vague
just gives you some context that's all
it doesn't mean that it's useless it's
that context is important so five former
federal prosecutors wrote an op-ed today
talking about why they believe that
Christine Blasio Ford's version of the
story is very credible and so I just
want to go over real quick for you guys
because some of the stuff they were
saying backs up what we've been saying
for a couple of days they said look the
fact that she told the therapist back in
2012 about this incident I mean that
would taken as prosecutors we would look
at that very very seriously like why
would she make that up six years ahead
of time for something she has no idea
what happened today regarding that
person she took a polygraph test they
said look we it's not admissible in
court but we know in our experience that
it is it's relevant it's an important
piece of data that she wanted to take
one took one and passed it
she is not particularly political so
doesn't have a deep motive here if she
worked in politics for some portion of
her life or today you might question her
motive more I like that they're thinking
at it from again from a prosecutor's
point of view as to what makes sense and
what doesn't and one more so one really
quick and we've mentioned this in our
prior stories covering this she while
she hasn't worked in politics she has
been a democratic donor and not a huge
donor but she's given small donations to
Democratic candidates so just to be fair
it's not like she hasn't had anything to
do with politics
yeah no no but I mean she voted I hope a
lot of you vote that's a big thing and
their donations were small they're
they're not these Soros
Brothers kind of she's not a like a big
donor in that sense they she's like a
regular person who gave a little bit of
money from time to time so she cares
about politics but doesn't work in
Polish yeah exactly I just want to be
absolutely clear yeah that's right and
then the last one is the one we've been
mentioning for a couple of days which is
that they say if someone is making up a
story remember these prosecutors have
had to deal with people making up
stories and they got to decide to
prosecute the case you go forward or do
you not right
they said for her to put a defense
witness in the room makes no sense at
all knowing that might judge the other
person in the room his friends with
Kavanagh would likely be on Kavanaugh
side if you were making up the story you
just wouldn't put him in the room it's
just all that could do is hurt you so
the the therapist one and the mic judge
one our really good evidence that
there's excellent reasons to believe her
she could still be wrong she could
remember wrong etc but when you add in
the today's news about you know Julia
louis-dreyfus backing her that's tiny I
mean she happens to be a celebrity you
could technically say the vice president
has backed her since she stars in veep
on HBO but I think the Miranda King one
is a little bit more relevant because we
remember that rumor it's just one more
piece of evidence Oh on top of what is
already pretty good evidence that she
didn't just make this up out of nowhere
right and for me it's not about us
deciding whether or not Brett Kavanaugh
is guilty I mean we can have our
opinions what's important is for an
investigation to take place by the FBI
the FBI wouldn't do a criminal
investigation since this isn't
considered a federal crime it's
considered a crime on a state level but
the FBI would do what it was doing
during the Nita Hill Clarence Thomas
sexual harassment case they wanted to
provide information so the Senate can
vote based on you know all the
information available in regard to the
accusations and that's what the FBI
should do here
of course Donald Trump as usual
fabricated things about
the FBI he said they really don't do
that that's not what they do
mmm not remotely true they do it all the
time it's called the background check he
said well they already did six on on him
throughout his different hearings
earlier on to when he was up for
nominations for lower courts yeah that's
true but it's also true that in the Nina
Hill story the FBI jumped in and did
another background check once those
stories emerged because they wanted to
give the Senators as much information as
they could before they voted so there is
excellent precedent for doing that and
asking for that now unfortunately the
White House has to ask the FBI to do it
and Donald Trump of course says no way
too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
