Trump's thing was too small so he fired
the guy responsible for making it bigger
I'm speaking of course about his rally
in Phoenix
the Phoenix rally he tweeted about it
afterwards I don't know if you saw this
tweet where he said Thank You Arizona
beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix
tonight full coverage of my rally via
Facebook at whatever and if you watch
that video he says there's a lot of
people in here I want the fire marshals
to let the ones who are trapped outside
in well it turned out it wasn't as big
an event as he kind of led on we have a
video that emerged from that event let's
see if we can take a look
so as you see as it pans to the side
there aren't that many people as many
folks as he wanted to put behind him on
stage in different positions and as much
noise as they could generate from
putting microphones near the folks who
were there it wasn't nearly as big as he
let on there was a spokesperson from the
City of Phoenix who said maybe somewhere
around the 10,000 person range where
4,500 to 5,000 were turned away as it
was because they got there when it was
wrapping up another on-site report says
that there were about 4,000 people
inside and this may Trump very upset and
so he turned his aggression on the
person who's in charge of organizing
those events the director of scheduling
in advance George Jigga cose I don't
know if I'm saying that right but he
according to reports will never manage a
trump rally again and reports from CNN
say that Trump was irate and shoot him
the hell out because it was his fault
that the crowd size wasn't as large as
he would have liked yep that's it I mean
there's more reports about what actually
happened on the inside New York Magazine
reports hundreds left early while others
plopped down on the ground scrolled
through their social media feeds or
started up a conversation with their
neighbors after waiting for hours in 107
degree heat to get into the rally hall
where their water bottles were
confiscated by security people were
tired and dehydrated in the president
just wasn't keeping their attention wow
yeah is incredible look we just had an
election right it hasn't even been a
year since the election took place and
he's already having rallies and mind you
he had that rally soon after the
disaster in Charlottesville Virginia and
and that rally also included his speech
where he was incredibly defensive over
defending the neo-nazis saying that some
of them are good people just stop just
stop
there are nominations that he needs to
make in order to fill positions in the
White House among White House agencies
there are so many issues right now that
you should be focusing on
instead he's having a rally as if it's
election season we've already gone
through that trauma give us a little bit
of a breather and actually focus on
doing your job for once I can't believe
he fired this guy it's not this guy's
fault that you're starting to lose
support you're making enemies out of
allies left and right
you're firing people left and right if
there's infighting theirs leaking
there's nothing but chaos coming from
the White House I think this guy who
usually puts your campaign events
together is the least of your problems
and he had been putting together events
in the past events that were better
attended yeah and so this is more I
guess when faced with the decision if
you're Trump of looking at yourself and
criticizing yourself or blaming it on
someone in middle management that's the
kind of thing that he does where he's
shaking these trees and it's crazy how
many people I find out about like whose
names I find out about that I would
never learn in a million years from
other administration's because Trump
just got mad at them because something
that Trump himself seems to have caused
has made news and rather than take
responsibility on himself he has decided
to kick it down at George Ducas so it's
it's a human instinct to not want to
take the blame or the responsibility but
it's a human instinct when you are young
and immature and I think even young
people are more willing to take
responsibility for their actions keep in
mind that the Republican Party is
supposed to be the party of taking
personal responsibility they're the ones
who will turn to people living in the
most impoverished conditions imaginable
and they'll be like pick yourself up by
the bootstraps personal responsibility
what about you guys what about your
personal responsibility what about your
president's personal responsibility that
rally wasn't attended with by the crowds
that you wanted because you suck okay
you suck you suck your approval ratings
are at an all-time low because of you
know your reaction to Charlottesville
Virginia and then you're gonna turn
around blame other people for it take a
look in the mirror I know it's a scary
sight but just take a quick look in the
mirror and also just
the timeline of who is blaming in for
what amid all this when people in the
White House can hear his you know chief
of or whoever it is passing this
judgment down to the advanced guy a
middle this Trump is still saying things
like you saw the massive crowd we had he
said this on Monday we you saw the
massive crowd we had people went crazy
when I said what did you think of Jeff
Joe or something to that effect
so he's firing this guy for a small
turnout which we can see in a video on
snapchat or Twitter proven but and he's
fight he's firing a guy not necessarily
firing him there's conflicting reports
saying whether he resigned or whatever
but it's pretty clear that he was not
happy with this guy amid all that he's
still saying we had a massive turnout of
this because he's pathetic he's he's the
guy with the small penis who constantly
feels the need to talk about how big is
penises yep origin spies a big truck has
a big every one of his buildings just
looks like a giant golden phallus I
think it keeps happening cuz no one has
done exactly what Anna said was you suck
this is your fault
he's failed all these businesses is very
well documented he's screwed this over
here and get that deal done but after
all that bail failure happens someone
still goes hey we'll give you another
chance hey go in at this one hey let me
give you some more money it won't put
your name on this and it keeps happening
so he continued he gets to continue to
say I'm awesome no matter how much I
fail because people can give me another
chance
and that's what we're doing even with
him as president nobody in that room is
saying hey mr. Trump you're getting rid
of this guy who has nothing to do with
your approval ratings or how many people
showed up
you just suck because if you do you're
getting fired you're getting fired
exactly isn't it also weird that like
the right thing to do according to so
many in this situation when you do agree
when you do disagree with Trump is to
resign creating more space in the White
House to be filled with lackeys and yes
men I don't know about that that was the
one thing when the Elon Musk was first
called out for being on advisory
committees various like Silicon Valley
entrepreneurs they said you need to get
off of this Advisory Committee and the
answer I don't know I'm so good
because being on his advisory committee
means absolutely nothing he has no
interest in hearing from people who want
to challenge his ideas he wants to do
away with people who are gonna challenge
him he wants people to stroke his ego
and make him feel good about himself and
what he fails to realize is as he
continues to surround himself with
individuals who refuse to challenge him
and as he continues to do things that
are unpopular and damaging his approval
rating will continue to dip and he tries
to overcompensate by claiming that
everyone loves him and what actually
amazes me more than anything is that
some of his reporters found pictures of
other crowds and pretended as though
that was the crowd that attended the
rally in Arizona what is wrong with you
people
like you're lying to yourself that's
crazy I also like the way Trump talks
about the event he's like juji cousin
staged the event I mean this is it says
Trump according to this New York
magazine article says Trump was
criticizing it saying the this event was
staged in a large multi-purpose room the
main floor space was bisected by a
dividing wall leaving part of the space
empty there were some bleachers off to
the side but otherwise the audience was
standing in this scene appeared flat
lacking energy and enthusiasm in other
rallies I mean if this is properly
attributed to Trump maybe he should
organize all the events yeah we'll take
down a wall over here we'll bring in the
biggest bleachers you've ever seen maybe
that's his calling is to set up like
furniture for his rallies maybe that'd
be a good idea help us build an
independent media together come join us
TYT Network aam /join
