Texas loves its pets everyone and amid
all the destruction of Hurricane Harvey
it's nice to see some some good news and
something to warm your heart a little
bit like people saving their pets folks
have refused to leave their pets behind
which is actually a really really
difficult issue to face in when the
hurricane is already causing so much
death and destruction the last thing you
want to do is like have to worry about
your pet well it seems like according to
Monica Schmidt of Houston's Humane
Society it seems like everyone coming
off a boat is carrying a dog or a cat
apparently in Katrina 250,000 dogs or
cats were displaced or died according to
the ASPCA people stay behind now there
are shelters that are taking this into
consideration and allowing people to
bring their pets with them I love it
which is so nice Houston's bark Animal
Shelter on Monday set up a trailer to
help house displaced pets at one site
that wasn't allowing pets inside it said
on its Facebook page which is so nice
the Humane Society in Houston's 300
animal shelter shelters will transfer
existing animals to other locations
after waters recede so it can take in an
expected surge of stray animals is the
zoo okay I'm sure you're wondering the
zoo is OK according to the report at the
Houston Zoo although some of the animal
enclosure moats were filled with water
the animals on the other side of those
moats we're fine 30 people stayed behind
the zoo's okay oh do you want to play a
game called make Anna cry no cuz we're
gonna see some people who fled the
waters to get to safety and they brought
their dogs with them okay Anna picture a
little Charlie no don't do it oh I would
I would not leave Charlie behind there
was no way there's nothing that could
convince me to leave him behind look
there were stories of people who were
being turned away from shelters that
weren't allowing pets and so family
members would take turns waiting outside
the shelter just to be with their pet
and so you know it's
they're drenched it's uncomfortable but
they don't want to leave their pets
behind I would do the exact same thing
there's nothing that would make me leave
my dog behind would you look like this
person hauling your dog to safety on
your shoulders that's really sweet that
dog is so cooperative it's so cute
I knew this what this human would come
in handy people passing dogs off in
little coolers when they get to safety
look at him go holding their dogs
waiting to get into the buses to be
taken to safety look for some people who
don't have a dog or a pet it seems
ridiculous how emotional people get
about their pets and I know that it's
not the equivalent of a human being and
it's not the equivalent of having a
child all that said it's it feels like a
family member right so Charlie feels
like a family member to me and I get
super emotional thinking about what life
is gonna be like when he's no longer
around because that's gonna be a part of
life and I know it's gonna happen he
provides so much emotional support like
he's just a dog he doesn't intentionally
do that right but he look last year I
dealt with depression and anxiety and it
was bad and I really didn't start
getting better until I got charlie
until I adopted him and it was the best
decision of my life you're in the middle
over here is Charlie mhm
or there is Christian oh come on you
have to choose as the floodwaters rise
yes incidentally you're an Olympic
swimmer I'm not answering that question
think about it no I'm not going to
answer it look in the camera no look in
that camera look at it what's wrong with
the answer it with your eyes you don't
have to say anything
I would all right we have two more two
or three more photos let's finish the
photos cuz they're gonna warm your heart
and make you feel okay so she's carrying
her pups one in each arm this one is a
more of a cat person Spoto look at the
cat eye
so bad for these people I feel so
terrible for them the cat ones are the
most impressive when they say they're
people carrying their cats that the cats
would participate now this one is no I'm
that's the one this is what I'm talking
about okay so for those of you who are
listening in on Sirius XM oh yeah the
picture features you know an older man
who you know obviously his property has
been severely damaged by the storm and
he's embracing his dog and and it
appears he's sobbing and it's a very
emotional photo when when it was
reported on it was said that this man
was recounting what he considered the
most frightening experience he'd ever
been through and he had his dog there to
get him through it looked up at him and
he had to make a decision between his
dog was where the Christian was there
your husband yeah but he had to make
that decision you got to stop all right
let's find out when the camera stopped
rolling
anyway I my heart goes out to all those
people in Houston and I can't imagine
what it's like to go through all that
and I'm not crying it's just I got
something in my eye so yes it's a tough
thing to have to have to leave your pets
behind and I know that a lot of people
in Houston did have to make that
decision and and did lose their pets as
a result right and I go through and I
find these stories I mean of course
stories of people we've covered that in
other parts of the show but the stories
of folks had to they went and doubled
back and folks are doing that now
doubling back to see if they can find
their dogs yeah and many of them do
which is great and it's nice that
they're allowed stop crying it's
embarrassed I'm not crying I'm good I'm
good
I get emotion less I get less emotional
when it feels worse without your cap I
don't care
sometimes my fiancee will just be like
this thing will die someday and just
look at me it's really depressing she
did start watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it any way you like at TYT Network
comm slash join
