the steady drip of information that's
now being publicized as part of the
Russia investigation apparently has some
Republican members of Congress concerned
so as a result they would like to do
away with some of the resources that are
being allocated toward that
investigation case in point
representative Ron de santis who is
pushing for an amendment to curtail
robert Muller's investigation into
Russian collusion now De Santis has put
forward a provision that would halt
funding for Muller's probe six months
after the amendments passage so it would
limit the amount of time that the
investigation could take place it also
would prohibit Muller from investigating
matters that occurred before June of
2015 when Trump launched his
presidential campaign now that's a
little problematic because one of the
concerns is that Trump may have worked
on some sort of financial deal with
Russian officials and obviously that
would have an impact that would matter
there would be a huge issue there right
conflict of interest with his businesses
who knows what could turn up but they
want to again limit the scope of this
investigation and the fact that they're
trying to protect Trump is a little
concerning De Santis said that the order
appointing Muller as special counsel
quote didn't identify a crime to be
investigated and practically invites a
fishing expedition he says that Congress
should use its spending power to clarify
the scope and limit the duration of this
investigation
and these are things that I'm sure
DeSantis could not stop saying when
Kenneth Starr was investigating
whitewater I mean these it's like these
are quotes from Ron de santis then not
even a congressman saying these exact
same this is ridiculous this is the most
two-sided political speaking out of both
sides beer mouth thing ever
it's incredible that you would identify
yourself as someone who wants to
essentially halt an investigation into a
foreign country meddling in our election
I mean really you want to put your name
on that that's just disgusting the move
comes just a day after a representative
Adam Schiff from California head
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee told USA Today that the
committee should have quote two or three
times its current resources for the
investigation into Russian interference
in the 2016 election the provision is
not guaranteed by the way at least the
sentences the provision is not
guaranteed a vote on the House floor the
house rules committee has wide leeway to
discard amendments it considers out of
order yeah this is a hopefully will be
sort of a symbolic amendment that he's
putting forward because that's what
happens in Congress lots of them do they
don't make it out of the rules committee
DeSantis is also in this said that he'd
there's not even a crime so how could we
have a special council believes a
special council he's not a special
prosecutor and it's really a difference
there and so I think when you when you
listen to the way that these things are
worded generally you have to look a
little deeper DeSantis is someone with a
rim he wrote a book called dreams of our
founding fathers which was like a parent
not a parody but getting by and Obama in
the era of Obama which was basically
because he wrote the book dreams of my
father so it's it's the this political
nitpicking that's gone on with the
Santos for a long time so this is a
symbolic effort up likely a symbolic
effort like usually when lawmakers go
through with these symbolic efforts it's
because they're pandering to their base
or it'll make them look good in some way
how does it make someone look good when
they're trying to essentially halt an
investigation and Paul Ryan the speaker
says this you know the last time he
talked about robert muller in this
investigation he said he's a good man
and he should stay in there and have
have our support so right he's not gonna
have the support of the speaker but this
you know Anna this could if it sneaks
out of the Rules Committee somehow and
it gets to the floor of Congress it's
the kind of thing that could get real
support from Republicans who want this
thing to end but they're Republicans who
don't like the President to want to see
this continue right look if I were a
Republican I would try to be a leader
and realize that someone like Donald
Trump
I know it's hilarious because we don't
see a lot of leadership in Congress
right now but if I if I were a lawmaker
I would stand up and say
I don't care what the president
identifies as I don't care if he is a
staunch conservative Republican he does
not speak for me he is dangerous and
damaging to the country right but you
don't see that kind of leadership I mean
you do among some Republican senators
namely the senators who spoke up against
Trump during this whole health care
debate John McCain has spoken out
against him on various occasions but
overall you see you know the
polarization playing out we support our
own no matter what even if they had
unlawful dealings with potentially
unlawful dealings with foreign officials
so you might be wondering why is this
such a big deal I mean how has anything
of substance turned up from this Russia
investigation well yes it has and so I
want to get to that apparently the
investigation has found an email
exchange between Michael Cohen whose
Trump's longtime business adviser and
one of putin's lieutenants his name is
dmitry peskov and he asked for
assistance reviving a trunk deal in
Russia this was a trump tower to be
built in Russia so let me give you the
details on that Michael Cohen had
written two Peskov over the past few
months I have been working with a
company based in Russia regarding the
development of a Trump Tower Moscow
project in Moscow City without getting
into lengthy specifics the communication
between our two sides has stalled he
says as this project is too important I
am hereby requesting your assistance I
respectfully request someone preferably
you contact me so that I might discuss
the specifics as well as arranging
meetings with the appropriate
individuals I thank you in advance for
your assistance and look forward to
hearing from you soon so obviously that
email you know raised some concerns and
the investigation has led to officials
now talking to Cohen and trying to get
some clarity on what was going on there
and Cohen told congressional
investigators in a statement Monday that
he did not recall receiving a response
from Peskov we're having further contact
with Russian government officials about
the project
the email address to Peskov appeared to
have been sent to a general kremlin
press account cohen also told
congressional investigators that the
deal was envisioned as a licensing
project in which Trump would have been
paid for the use of his name by a Moscow
based developer called IC expert
investment co so there's there's a lot
more to this including the involvement
of Felix aider who is a Russian broker
involved in this deal and some of the
promises that he made in these exchanges
will get signed in a second but what's
your assessment of this my assessment is
this is a real story and this is what
you get from real reporting and listen
we're never gonna know you started by
talking about has anything come from the
investigation do we know anything from
all no we weren't supposed to know and a
good investigation means you're not
going to know for quite a while Muller
wants it to be as leak proof as he can
ask for and he seems to be getting a
good deal of adherence to that to that
admonition to not have leaks but when we
hear stories like this which is coming
from reporting outside of the scope of
this investigation this is just more
stuff for Muller to chew on this isn't
something coming from Muller and that
should be made clear this is real this
is Donald Trump working as a candidate
having favoritism from Russia looking
for deals that would make him be
actually at a conflict of interest in
but as both a candidate and a president
and Ana nominee so I think this is a
serious serious story I don't think any
of them have not been serious that we've
heard from the Washington Post and and a
lot from the New York Times I think
they're all serious they all matter and
that's why there's a special counsel
working on I think yeah there's a
special counsel working on it and you
have Republican lawmakers trying to
drain the resources from this
investigation so it doesn't continue so
let's let's talk a little bit about what
Trump claims he knows and doesn't know
now Cohen said that he discussed the
deal three times with Trump and that
Trump signed a letter of intent with the
company on October 28th 2015
he said that Trump company began to
solicit designs from architects and
discuss financing now in terms of uh the
that Cowan had sent to Peskov Trump
allegedly didn't know anything about it
he was completely unaware if you choose
to believe him that's on you that's what
he alleges but there was something
really interesting regarding a broker in
this deal by the name of Felix Sater
he's a Russian American businessman who
actually lived in Trump Tower let's go
to graphics 13 over email Seder brag to
Cohen that he could get Putin to assist
with the project and that it would help
Trump's presidential campaign according
to correspondents submitted to
congressional investigators so here's
his exact message he said our boy can
become president of the USA and we can
engineer it it will get all of Putin's
team I will get all of Putin's team to
buy in on this I will manage this
process now the deal never went through
they say that the the project never went
through everything stalled but these
exchanges are important this is the
single email the single email is more
damning than any other email than anyone
has ever read about from Hillary Clinton
from the DNC from the RNC - this is
serious meat - something that is not
supposed to happen in American politics
which is meddling from a foreign country
in our election process and that's what
this was inviting that's what this is
suggesting was going on whether or not
the deal happened of course the Trump
people are gonna say oh the deal never
happened the deal never happen that
means nothing you know this is all here
saying that the fact that the deal
didn't happen we know Donald Trump has
failed deals we know that he has deals
that don't happen he's a businessman
he's been a failed and a successful
businessman at different times but what
happened in these emails you know when
you smell a rat right this is smelling
or at and this is why there's an
investigation going on both in Congress
and with a special counsel and this is
perfect for that so just one final point
about Seder just so you know all the
characters that kind of play into this
whole story Seder has a criminal record
he's served time in jail in the 1990s
after a bar fight and also pleaded
guilty in 1998 to his role in muff
linked stock fraud federal officials
have said he then cooperated on various
national security and criminal
investigations so you kind of get a
sense of who this guy is I think it's
relevant but one thing that I am
concerned about is what just happened
with Donald Trump giving a pardon to
Sheriff Joe Arpaio former sheriff of
Maricopa County Arizona
he was found in contempt of court
criminal contempt of court a federal
judge found him guilty and he was
pardoned and so some are now speculating
that Donald Trump could potentially
pardon people like Paul Manafort if
they're found in contempt of court for
refusing to cooperate with this
investigation he absolutely could I mean
the president could pardon whoever he
wants our Piatt was pardoned his crime
besides contempt of court was violating
the the constitutional rights of us
people on US soil and that he could
pardon someone for that to me is really
challenged about that the court and the
court said at the judicial level because
if you can pardon anybody who violates
constitutional rights that's different
than of this guy sold drugs in the 1970s
he served his time and he's done that's
why there are Justice Department
recommendations for who should be able
to be pardoned though the president can
pardon whoever they want and any
president can this what you just pointed
out though with Seder and and you know
and Manta Ford and all these people that
you're surrounds himself with and should
be pardoned this Arpaio was a political
pardon this was about because he's a you
know he's Donald Trump is plays low in
the game like that so he knows that the
Arizona Senate races up he doesn't like
Jeff Flake he wants to stick it to Jeff
Flake and he could get some partisans on
his side there for doing it so I think
it was purely political but it sets a
terrible precedent absolutely help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
