Donald Trump did visit Texas today as an
effort to show his support for the good
people of Texas following the storm
hurricane Harvey now he did not go to
Houston he decided to go to Corpus
Christi according to the New York Times
he settled on Corpus Christi because it
was 30 miles away from the most severely
impacted parts of the golf course and
suffered relatively light damage from
the initial impact of the storm
now his camp is alleging that the reason
why he made that decision was because he
didn't want to disturb the recovery
effort and the relief efforts in Houston
and you know it's there's really no way
of confirming whether or not that's the
real reason why he didn't go to Corpus
went to Corpus Christi and not to
Houston I do know that anytime the
president travels somewhere there's a
huge security detail that comes along
with it and so it is what it is the
president's not gonna go into the middle
of you cannot get everybody that needs
to go into the middle of Houston now
because it's flooded and you don't want
it sort of drain is the worst word I
could use right now but you don't want
to SAP their resources in Houston right
now to protect the president whoever
that president is at any time so it
makes sense that he went to Corpus
Christi the storm has passed there there
were people there it's word made
landfall that's where a lot of the you
know affected businesses are - exactly
so he's about four hours away from
Houston the nation's fourth most
populous city and so there have been
video circulating on you know social
media as well as the mainstream media in
regard to his visit and he did get a
little bit of criticism for some of the
statements he made to the residents of
Corpus Christi I don't want to give too
much away let's go ahead and toss the
video
everybody what a crowds want to turn out
I want to thank our company your
governor has done
I will tell you this is his story it's
epic what happened
when the Texas and Texas can handle
anything thank you all
so Cristina Wilkie who's an
investigative reporter had tweeted about
how he seemed amazed at the crowd size
which is a strange thing to talk about
given the fact that so many people are
dealing with such a tragic situation and
he's obsessed with crowd sizes we all
know that he mentions crowd sizes all
the time and then historic and epic
makes it sound like something great
happened when in reality something
tragic happened look he's not a cunning
linguist like he's not known for saying
the right things at the right time so
I'm not giving him a pass but I just
don't have high expectations for a
rabbit just the way he talked about the
turnout I mean the president is at a
disaster scene you sort of expected him
to come in and say by the way did I also
tell you by how many electoral votes we
won we had surprises in Michigan and
Wisconsin in Pennsylvania that's what it
felt like it felt like it became about
that about the crowd sighs it always
goes to that and I'm not saying he was
insensitive I can't imagine anybody
going there and being insensitive he's
incredibly insecure about the fact that
he won the election yes is that strange
I mean you won dude we get it you won
let's just move on okay so his White
House social media director also posted
a video of the crowd on social media
which made some people roll their eyes
take a look at that
all right so there you go ah I mean it
just seems it's just opposed to what's
going on in Houston you know hours away
these people are literally dying and out
of their homes and you see the people in
Corpus Christi USA going crazy for the
present I don't it's just I find it
bizarre there's a you know there's a
sort of sombre thankfulness that you
show a president that they did to Bush
that they did to Obama when he was there
I remember Bill Clinton went to Oklahoma
City after the Murrah Building was
bombed and he walked into Oklahoma City
there was I think it's where his
presence he took a pivot but he was
treated by this most Republican state in
the country at that time by that crowd
and and it you know it was just hey
thanks thanks for being here I know
there and everything seems like a rally
with Donald Trump maybe I'm too picky
about that now maybe I'm too used to it
but everything seems like a rally that
video was that's the social media
director for the White House right
so it wasn't accident he wasn't on his
random page and going hey you know it's
kind of amazing it yeah sorta yeah this
was a it was there was basis there was a
message behind this hey check this up
I must ban the entire crowd and then
back again make sure you guys know this
the entire crowd and then back again the
point is to show how many people and
that is the point that is the the
planned effort they love turnout by they
just turnout so despite what happened
look how people still love our president
not despite what happened look how the
president's idea to support American
right it's the way around look how
people support me that's that's the best
way of putting it and kind of putting
things in perspective this is a moment
where we should show empathy and concern
for the victims of this storm and this
did turn into what appeared to be like a
celebratory sing right celebratory event
optics matter and so when you think
about optics it just doesn't look good
but those are apparently you know Trump
supporters they were excited that he was
there I do commend him for going to
Texas you know to be fair
also look I mean he was gonna go and he
also made a good move to go to Corpus
Christi mission he's gonna go to San
Antonio which is nowhere near where this
happened just to be in Texas and they
they thought better of that idea you
know today that they should go to a
place that was affected by exactly and
as long as they're allocating the
appropriate resources to make sure that
they help the victims of this storm
that's really all that matters so again
based on what I've seen based on the
research I've done it appears that
they're taking it seriously they are
allocating the resources and you know
fair's fair
that's the most important thing so that
fair is fair but again and I'm not
saying that you're not right about that
the work begins when the storm ends
though and that's where the resources
are going to be really really need to be
scrutinized because yes rebuilding
getting people back into homes people
that don't have flood insurance people
who didn't buy flood insurance because
they didn't think that they would need
it where they were living make sure that
they're not screwed out of getting some
kind of you know support to get back
into a home or to get their their mold
remediated and all of the things that
need to happen down in rebuilding all
those jobs in the and near where the
president was all that stuff has to
happen after the storms gone I mean what
they're doing now remarkable amazing
people thinking on their feet and
families and helping other families and
neighbors and all the things you like to
hear but where he's gonna be judging
this administration's would be judged
after the storm yeah that's a great
point so petty thought on that last
point he's a part of the government this
huge government that we want to limit
and reduce source and stop from helping
people you're supposed to be there to
help people he's bragging about how
awesome and epic and unprecedented this
storm was but that you're gonna come and
take care of it take care of it with
what government funds that American
citizens pay taxes for right so after
you do that and ironically I saw this on
Twitter so I won't take credit there's a
don't tread on me flag in that crowd of
raving fans what is that what's the
little point of people the care that
flag no government stop stepping on my
rights stop coming and getting it with
your government funding and and you're
in your bureaucracy and red tape hey you
need a little bit of bureaucracy new
little red tape you need some funds to
help your and you need some humble pie
too because these are the people that
criticize government want to
government small or shrink it to the
size of a whatever it is in grover
norquist's bathtub but that's exactly
right and and I think to that that when
you when you see what these people are
saying about and I know we got to move
on but this is really important that
that I saw a libertarian yesterday and a
valid libertarian on Twitter saying
complaining that they didn't have a cure
the government the mayor didn't tell us
to evacuate quickly enough these are
people who hate government complaining
about government you need governments
like a malpractice attorney until you
are a victim of malpractice you need a
vet you don't care about malpractice
yeah you're exactly right and and so we
will see how it plays out in the future
regarding allocating the resources to
help people who have lost their property
who have lost loved ones as a result of
the storm but it does me it's a little
different obviously but it does remind
me of car insurance right which we're
you know we have to mandatorily purchase
and it sucks every month you pay that
car insurance oh I got a car insurance
and then once you get into an accident
you're like oh thank God I have car
insurance they just put me in a car and
they fix mine right exactly so look I
think more importantly it's a it's
critical for us to have empathy so on
any given day you will hear members of
the right you will hear libertarians
arguing against government programs that
help the poor oh they're moochers why
should my money go toward them there's
no empathy toward them but the reality
is you never know when you're gonna fall
on hard times and it is my belief that
the role of the government is to protect
us to take care of us in times of need
it's not supposed to be there to
regulate who we marry how we have sex
where we have sex unless it's public
spaces you probably shouldn't have sex
in public spaces but you know it's the
role of the government to make sure
we're safe and to make sure that we're
taken care of and in this case it
appears the government stepping up to
the plate
it appears that those on the right are
applauding that just make sure you will
plot that when those in need need it in
the future
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like a TYT Network comm slash join
