twelve-year-old Tamir rice was shot by
Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loman
Tamir rice was pronounced dead at the
hospital
nine hours later let's talk white
privilege for a moment shall we I want
you to admit that there is such a thing
as white privileged white privilege
means having the confidence to draw
point and fire a weapon at a
counter-protest stop acting like a
jackass
in a mass crowd with police less than 10
feet away what privilege means that
after yelling and attempting to shoot
someone you are charged with discharging
a firearm within 1,000 feet of a school
white privilege means a known grand
result of the KKK is treated by police
as if he had just been shooting cans for
target practice near a school where as
twelve-year-old Tamir rice was shot dead
by police just for playing with the toy
gun and falando Casteel yeah he was shot
seven times from point-blank range
during a traffic stop after voluntarily
disclosing that he had a legally
registered weapon in the car now tell me
again how white privilege does not exist
now let's for a second switch the races
on this coward let's say he was a black
man who openly drew and discharged the
weapon at someone in plain sight of law
enforcement would he be standing in
front of the judge facing the charge of
having a weapon close to a school so he
had been offended a black lives matter
rally how would this change the
narrative but right-wingers be as silent
as they have been over this act of
terror or would they be screaming from
the rooftops about how this is what BLM
stands for Oh better yet say he had been
a Muslim extremists firing a weapon at a
counter protester do you think law
enforcement would have been too
distracted by the crowd not to hear the
gunshot but this is just another
reminder that protesting while white
means the ability to do as you please
while facing few if any direct
repercussions let me take you by anyone
remember Ferguson yeah I distinctly
recall tanks in the street I recall
unarmed protesters being pinned to the
ground and beaten is that there were
enemy forces on the front lines of in
Afghanistan but right-wing extremists
can come to their hate party looking
like can almost watts nigga in commando
and they are given the hands off don't
shoot treatment and a slap on the wrist
right-wing terrorists can be caught on
video brutally beating a black teenager
and what
three four weeks only being held
accountable after a huge social media
push to condemn that oh but don't worry
everyone
the statues can sleep well at night
knowing that law enforcement weren't
quick to identify an arrest the seven
threats to public safety who allegedly
toppled a confederate statute but we've
had this song for years for years
armed right-wing militia have been
turning up at their protests on to the
teeth intimidating everyone including
law enforcement I will cure you
trooper anyone remember the Bundy
brothers we do bring here arms and we
need you to come to the Malheur National
Wildlife Refuge the group was arrested
last February after a six week long
occupation on the Malheur Wildlife
Refuge during which they broke into a
federal facility defiled Native American
artifacts and burial grounds and
threatened police and other officials
with assault rifles and other weapons
only to be acquitted on all charges just
want to come out now for you guys there
yeah opportunity do they hope you get
help
oh remember that time with eight black
protesters staged an armed takeover of a
federal facility and got off scot-free
yeah I mean I don't I mean lo and behold
if a black guy takes a knee before a
football game to highlight inequality in
the arrest sentencing and use of deadly
force against black bodies by the
justice system he is denounced as a
traitor for disrespecting law
enforcement but as long as you're white
threatening to shoot law enforcement if
approached or anyone for that matter or
protests oh well you're just a good
old-fashioned Patriot concerned about
preserving traditional rights time and
time again we find ourselves discussing
police violence towards an unarmed black
citizen when people on the right attempt
to justify police response by suggesting
that the victim was endangering the
police who feared for their lives but
maybe this officer was justified maybe
this was this wasn't bad guy maybe he
was on the gentle giant while here we
have an armed thug who opens fire
endangering the lives of several people
and the police response is nothing no
intervention no effort to hold him any
more accountable than an everyday
jaywalker he openly shot at a person
this shit is bananas
how about attempted murder how about a
hate crime how about unlawful
brandishing of a firearm unlawful
discharge of a firearm
unlawful discharge of a firearm within
city limits unlawful brandishing of a
firearm with intent to intimidate Abbot
know a known member of the KKK will face
a limp arm of the law for firing a
in in front of police all while in two
months time we will be remembering the
third year anniversary of when a 12 year
old was shot dead for playing with a toy
gun that's what it means to have white
privilege follow me on instagram at
Francis M Maxwell and on Twitter at
Francis mmm actual like and share the
video continue to resist
