how'd you watch the Eclipse did you wear
some special goggles did you do it I
didn't took every pair of sunglasses and
put him in a row hoping that I would
reduce it enough cuz you didn't have the
special goggles or did you stare at it
like president Trump well some people
did stuff that's even dumber than that
according to Trish Patterson at prestige
urgent medical care
in in San Francisco's Bay Area she said
one of my colleagues at Moonlight here
stated yesterday that they had paid I
think it's that moonlight here stated
yesterday that they had patients
presenting at their clinic that put
sunscreen on their eyeball and presented
that they were having pain and they were
referred to an ophthalmologist they put
sunscreen on their eyeball is this the
worst way to watch the Eclipse has
anyone ever experienced sunscreen
sweating into their eyeballs okay
yes it is one of the worst feelings and
it takes forever for that burning
sensation to go away even after you wash
your face with cold water why are people
so stupid
it's painful to know that there are
people that's stupid says SPF we're
gonna go I'm gonna go with 50 in my
eyeballs okay I don't even know how you
do that like you're really gonna keep
your eyes open up with the sunscreen but
to be fair to them the news kept saying
make sure you use protection when you're
looking at the Sun hold my eyeballs out
and put condoms around them took birth
control drops and to be fair to them
they are not blind now I love it there
was Joey badass as a rapper who had to
cancel his won some of his shows because
apparently he stared at their son that
was the story whether it's a rumor or
not he definitely canceled him and and
everyone was saying because he stared at
the Sun too much I know it's true and
he's now calling himself
Joey bad eyes oh you're gonna go Joey
dumbass really quickly nerd alert check
it out they all went down to they went
to Oregon to watch the Eclipse and so on
nerd alerts channel if you subscribe to
them you can see a bunch of clips but
they put together of what the experience
was really like
I think that's really cool so good for
them youtube.com slash nerd alert
