on Friday at 8 p.m. Donald Trump decided
to send a press release to reporters
indicating that he has pardoned sheriff
joe arpaio now sheriff joe arpaio was
found guilty by a federal judge of
federal criminal contempt of court and
that's because of the racial profiling
that went on in his department in
Maricopa County Arizona now Donald Trump
had hinted that he planned on pardoning
him and he has done so in a tweet Trump
wrote I am pleased to inform you that I
have just granted a full pardon to 85
year-old American patriot Sheriff Joe
Arpaio he kept Arizona safe he did not
keep Arizona safe in fact there were a
lot of pretty terrible things that he
did to individuals who weren't white
simply because of the way they looked
racial profiling happened to be one of
them a federal judge ruled in July that
Arpaio had defied a court order to stop
profiling Latinos for detention based
solely on suspicions about their
immigration status so cops would just
stop Latinos that they suspected of
being in the country illegally and start
harassing them which you can't do by law
you can't do and so a court let Arpaio
know that he can't do that and he
continued to do that which is why he was
found guilty of criminal contempt of
court ain't just sorry and let me just
jump in there for a second
because I want to clarify something
that's really important so yes there's
the racial angle here which is that he
did not go after undocumented people in
particular he went after all Latinos the
Justice Department said it he oversaw
this a quote oversaw the worst pattern a
racial profiling by a law enforcement
agency in United States history
so that is incredible but I think even
more important is the court told them
hey listen you're going after people for
federal issues not for county issues but
for federal issues which is immigration
that's not your job don't do that that's
part one so you have no business doing
it number two in order to go after
people in our system of government you
need some sort of suspicion either a
probable cause or reasonable suspicion
to even investigate
you need any kind of evidence that they
did something wrong but you're not doing
that what you're doing is you're going
to Latino communities and rounding
people up even though you have no
suspicion of them and you have no
evidence that is as unconstitutional as
it gets that says unamerican as it gets
it's against the law it's against the
law and the person who decided to pardon
him was the same individual who said
over and over again on the campaign
trail then he was in favor of law or
order in fact let's take a look at what
Trump had to say during his RNC speech
in this race for the White House I am
the law and order candidate
so I hate Republican marketing well the
only thing I can't stand more is that
the Democrats are so incompetent they
can't counter it he is not for law and
order so when when you don't listen to
our court system and you reward that you
say okay this guy didn't listen to the
judges he didn't listen to the law even
though he was supposed to be executing
the law and you said congratulations as
long as you hate Latinos and illegally
round them up I don't care about the
rule of law and you know what I'm not
gonna follow the regular pardon
procedure yes
Trump has the ability to pardon people
but there's a procedure that you
normally go through I gotta follow the
procedure I'm not gonna go to the
Justice Department I'm not gonna make it
my apologies I'm not gonna make it do
anything because I what Trump just
declared is as long as you're a
political ally of mine you're above the
law right and keep in mind that
historically when pardons happen it's
because that individual has some sort of
redeeming quality right and in this case
I don't really know what the redeeming
quality is he hasn't explained it and so
even though he has been convicted of a
federal crime he doesn't have to deal
with the same you know treatment that
convicted felons have to deal with so
for instance our piyo says that now he's
considering running for office and I was
like you're federally convicted you're
convict can you do that and you can if
you've been pardoned by the president
you can run for office and so he says
he's planning it we'll see what happens
but again the racial profiling is just
the tip of the iceberg in fact the fine
people at Maricopa County have paid tens
of millions of dollars in fighting or
paying for sheriff Joe's legal fees so
keep that in mind also let's go to
graphic 23 he also infamously jailed
hundreds of inmates in open-air facility
and in an open-air facility known as
tent city under the intense Arizona Sun
so he purposely made it an open-air
facility in 2008 documentary filmmakers
actually recorded him calling it a
concentration camp so it was super proud
of himself by the way these are people
who are detained because they're
suspected of being undocumented
immigrants right so in a lot of cases
they haven't even had
day in court yet but it doesn't matter
they deserve to be in concentration
camps also mr. Arpaio was found guilty
of criminal contempt for continuing to
illegally profile Latinos living in
Arizona based on their perceived
immigration status in violation of a
judge's order the president has the
authority to make this part in but doing
so at this time undermines his claim for
the respect of rule of law as mr. Arpaio
has shown no remorse for his actions
that's not something a reporter said
that's something that a Republican
lawmaker said that was a statement from
Senator John McCain from Arizona so yeah
so now why is he doing this one he never
cared about the rule of law I mean he's
been trying to obstruct justice from day
one on the Russian investigations about
his team to begin with which leads us to
the real reason he did this yeah he
likes Arpaio so when our Payoh brags
about concentration camps for latinos
some of whom are perfectly innocent and
none of which he had evidence on to
begin with okay
Trump doesn't see that as the bug he
sees that as a feature like bravo but
that's not what this is about
the main reason Trump is doing this he's
he's testing his limits he's like well
if I can part in a political ally like
in our pilot and there's no consequence
well then if Mike Flynn is gonna turn
evidence against me for my campaign and
my administration and Paul metaphor my
former campaign manager if they say to
him hey you must answer to Congress
otherwise you're in contempt of Congress
or you must answer subpoena or your
contempt of court he's telling Manta
Ford and Flynn it's okay I'm going to
pardon you I just did a partner of
Arpaio another political ally who was in
contempt of court
that's okay be in contempt of court
blocked the investigation so look if he
pardons anyone from his own campaign or
his own administration it is
definitively grounds for impeachment
that is obvious obstruction of justice
if you don't stop him there then we
become a totally lawless country then he
could commit crimes pardoned himself his
administration members can commit crimes
pardoned themselves and they go oh you
can't collect
because we won't give it to you well
you're a contempt of court don't care
pardon so if we don't act now we lose
our democracy it's not an overstatement
this is exactly how dictators begin this
is exactly how fascism begins we're a
strongman comes in and says I'm not
gonna follow the law and I don't care
what judges say I'm above judges and
that's just not the case that's not our
system of government and if we allow it
to be our system of government he will
continue to abuse it so I don't know if
the Republicans have it in them to say
well this is the line in the sand if you
pardon anyone related to investigations
of your administration or your campaign
we will go for impeachment but they and
if they don't they should all be voted
out otherwise we're not gonna have laws
in this country we're gonna have strong
men who don't believe in our democracy
so I want everybody to be clear on this
so we're doing a petition I think that
Sheriff Joe Arpaio being pardoned was
outrageous but if Donald Trump starts to
pardon his own campaign officials and
administration officials that is clear
obstruction of justice and he should
immediately be impeached TYT Network
comm / pardon is the website here in the
Lincoln we'll have the link down below
if Donald Trump pardons anyone from his
campaign or administration involved in
the Russia investigation he should be
impeached immediately so we're not
saying impeach right now we're I'm being
very clear about it about if their
lawlessness that he demonstrated with
our piyo and letting em ignore court
orders is now brought over to his own
administration then we do have an
impeachable offense not that he can't do
pardons but that he is clearly
obstructing justice as saying anyone who
is being investigated should not work
with the FBI should not work with the
courts and I'll pardon them later we
can't have that kind of lawlessness in
America we need petitions like this to
be gigantic so you make it clear the
Republicans and Democrats alike do not
tolerate him actually pardoning his own
team if he does that that should be
grounds for impeachment if you like this
video you probably
like independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
