hurricane Harvey has led to such severe
flooding in the Houston Texas area that
now people are measuring the rainfall
not by inches but by feet thousands tens
of thousands of people have been
displaced and unfortunately there have
been fatalities reported the number of
fatalities are expected to rise as the
story develops officials in Texas said
Monday afternoon that at least eight
people appear to have died as a result
of the storm battering the state now as
of those who have been displaced
officials are warning that the flooding
would linger and they're saying that
more than 30,000 people would be forced
from their homes shelters are at
capacity people are unfortunately being
turned away as a result two reservoirs
were opened to release water to relieve
the stress the downpour has caused in
the region which has seen as much rain
in a few days as it a ver ajiz in an
entire year
that's according to reporting from the
Washington Post now just to give you
some idea of how heavy the rainfall has
been parts of Harris County which also
includes Houston were pelted with 30
inches of rain in the last 72 hours
and as a result firefighters have had to
respond to more than 4,000 water related
calls for service police rescued 2,000
people in the city and another 185
critical rescue requests were still
pending
so it's getting incredibly Sitz been
incredibly serious and a fifty nine foot
river level threatens to overtop many of
the levees in our area it exceeds the
design specifications of our levees
that's according to a judge robert
Herbert who lives in the area so of
course as always when these types of
stories develop there are questions
about the infrastructure and whether or
not it can withstand this type of storm
and so you know obviously our
infrastructure does need a lot of help
it's it's a devastating storm a
devastating story and now the governor
of Louisiana is asking Trump to call a
state of emergency for the state of
Louisiana because the storm is moving
out of Texas into
they're States Trump has called for a
state of emergency in Louisiana as well
okay so let's talk about the
ramifications of this and why this
happened in the first place so if you're
one of those snowflakes who is going to
get triggered when I say this has to do
with climate change go ahead and cry
right now
if you're gonna say it's too soon I'm
gonna say it's too late it's not too
soon to talk about climate change we
should have talked about a long time ago
so the storms wouldn't be this severe if
you are a knucklehead who doesn't
understand science and you say oh well
we used to have storage before that
doesn't answer anything the question is
how severe are the storms so to give you
a sense of what's going on here the
Brazos River the previous record not the
average the previous record for how high
the river was was fifty four point seven
feet in this case it became fifty nine
feet five feet higher you know obviously
you can tell you know about five feet
higher than it has ever been ever been
so there are two things that contribute
to Maine these storms more severe
because of climate change there's
actually a couple of others as well the
two major ones are sea levels in the
Houston region have risen by more than
half a foot over the last couple of
decades because the scientists told you
the sea levels were rising but you
didn't believe them what happens when
sea levels rise floods massive
unprecedented now they're calling this a
500 year flood no it's a 1 year flood
you'll have another flood just like it
next year you had one like in just the
year before in Louisiana
now Louisiana is gonna get hit again you
keep calling it a coincidence it's not a
coincidence the scientists predicted it
ahead of time and it's now happening the
second contributing factor is
temperatures so when the temperatures in
the region go up by one to one and a
half degrees Celsius which they have
that roughly equals three to five
percent more moisture in there hey look
at that more moisture in the air and you
have these sustained unstoppable storms
that just keep raining and raining until
we have historic floods is this at a
minimum partly due to climate change
absolutely this is what climate change
looks like it's not that storms
exist before of course they did it said
it makes the storms more severe and here
you have a storm that is way more severe
I'll add one more thing now there's talk
of rescues and and assistants and as
well there should be and there are some
gross hypocrites like Senator Ted Cruz
from the state of Texas who when
Hurricane sandy hit the New York New
Jersey region said we should not help
those people now he's going around
saying all we need help we need help
of course you need help and some of the
people in New York and New Jersey did so
we work together as a community and we
stand up for each other so of course we
should be helping the people in his team
but what we should not be doing is
giving a dollar in assistance to the oil
companies that are now crying about how
oh my god we're gonna lose billions of
dollars good you're the ones who created
this mess in the first place you're the
reason why we have the massive severe
storm that we did enough and the human
toll that it took and all the damage
that it causes the whole wide world and
the one time it hits you you are not
getting subsidies so they're gonna you
why do you think Ted Cruz out there
partly to get votes I understand that
the other reason is count down with me
I guarantee it and we'll show it to you
on the show he's gonna ask for subsidies
for the oil companies that started this
mess in the first place so Mike Pence
was already asked about the oil
companies and how they're suffering as a
result of the storm and he said look our
number-one priority at the moment is to
make sure that we save lives and we
ensure that everyone is safe however
after that there will be talk about
providing loans to he said small
businesses one code word for big
business when they say small business we
track it the money goes a little bit to
small business but the lion's share
always goes through gigantic
multinational corporations Exxon Mobil
had refineries down there Exxon Mobil is
not a small business you want to help a
local guy who was running a market in
Houston I'm right there with you that's
the point of government we stick
together we help actual human beings you
want to help Exxon Mobil that over 40
years ago this is
story that just came out at that in the
last week over forty years ago I had
conclusive evidence that climate change
was happening and it would lead to
catastrophic storms so when one of those
storms finally hits an oil Exxon Mobil
Oil Refinery no we are not going to help
those guys have been causing this damage
and making all of us pay the cost all
across the world did they chip in no
they took all the profits home when they
hits them let me just say I'm not sad
about it and under no condition should
you take hard-earned US taxpayer dollars
and give it to ExxonMobil who created
this mess so we're doing a petition on
the young terms what it says is no
federal or local assistance should be
given to oil companies to recover from
Hurricane Harvey so that is TYT Network
comm slash Harvey
so I guarantee you that after everything
settles down exxon mobil and all the
other guys there or findings are gonna
say well by all refineries were hurt now
your oil refineries are the ones that
caused this problem in the first place
we've already paid for all of your mess
and the whole world pays for it it's
about time that you bare some of the
costs that you created in the first
place so not a single dollar to those
oil companies that caused that mess sign
that petition and make it incredibly
powerful incredibly clear to every
legislator we don't want our taxpayer
dollars going to help those oil
companies we wanted to help actual
American citizens watch The Young Turks
commercial-free downloaded or stream it
watch it anyway you like a TYT Network
comm slash join
