Donald Trump plans to revive a program
that provides local law enforcement with
militarized weapons now this was
something that President Obama decided
to reign in when he realized that local
police forces were heavily militarized
and it was leading to problems within
communities throughout the country
however Trump believes that reviving
this program is just a great idea
so let me give you the details on that
he will revive a program that provides
local police departments with surplus
military equipment such as high-caliber
weapons and grenade launchers Trump
plans to sign an executive order doing
this and it will undo an Obama
administration directive that limited
police agencies access to camouflage
uniforms bulletproof vests riot shields
firearms ammunition and other items
now the Trump administration is arguing
and police unions are arguing that the
cops need these militarized weapons
because of the threat of terrorism they
want to make sure that they keep
themselves and their communities safe
but in reality these militarized weapons
have been used for things like drug
raids they've been used use that
protests that you know they apparently
don't like and so it leads to a lot of
distrust toward the police it's led to a
lot of problems which is why the Obama
administration decided to rein this
program in President Barack Obama issued
the executive order back in 2015 that
severely limited the surplus program
partly triggered by public outrage over
the use of military gear during protests
in Ferguson Missouri
police responded in riot gear and
deployed tear gas dogs and armored
vehicles at times they also pointed
assault rifles at protesters now to be
fair they did the same thing to the
Nazis in charlottesville oh no right
they didn't that's weird when Nazis came
in to town and committed gross acts of
violence not only running over and
killing Heather higher but also beating
a black man in a garage
ten staples in his head also guy firing
his weapon who was a Grand Wizard of the
KKK but no armored vehicles and no
military outfits there but in Fergus
said it was black people who were
protesting being shot and killed by the
police
wait a minute time to bring out the
tanks so I wonder if this has been used
as proportionally but I want to give you
context that's very important the list
that Anna read you are stuff that Obama
said the police can continue to get from
the military so yes camouflage uniforms
yes bulletproof vests riot shields
firearms ammunition all those things you
can still get under Obama's order just
limited yes now what you can't get is
grenade launchers bayonets what on God's
green earth are we using bayonets for
terrorists though okay
terrorists are coming so we need
bayonets armored vehicles weaponized
aircraft in vehicles firearms and
ammunition of 50 caliber or greater to
the police forces okay so look we might
need bullets that's stronger you know
what rip apart our you know opponents on
the battlefield and you know maybe
you're fighting over a great distance
you're trying to hit the Taliban on the
other side of the mountains of Kandahar
okay we don't need it in st. Louis we
don't need it in the middle of Iowa we
don't need it in the middle of New
Mexico and okay put the bullets decisive
maybe our man if there's protestors we
really don't like we should shred them
like they're the Taliban okay maybe
you're in that camp grenade launchers so
and you think well that's okay they they
probably didn't ask for the grenade
launchers that's ridiculous right wrong
they did ask for the grenade launchers
in fact because of Obama's program they
brought back from the police a hundred
grenade launchers that had gone out the
console over the country and 1,600
bayonets now one of the reasons that
Jeff Sessions gave for reversing this
Obama order is well it'll help improve
police morale so what it'll give them
nice toys to play with the cops like to
play with tanks and bayonets and grenade
launchers that'll help them really
where's the circumstance other than the
Nazis in Charlottesville where we didn't
use it where you need any of this stuff
in fact I'm look I'm using that as a
juxtaposition because it's so brazen we
don't even we don't need it in
Charlottesville all we needed was police
work in Charlottesville right we didn't
to tank we didn't mean bayonets I didn't
want anybody launching grenades and
Nazis or anyone else in the middle of a
crowded protest look what the reality is
is this is a way that the Trump
administration can further appeal to
police unions which is something that
they want to do they did get a
tremendous amount of support from these
unions however what what you know the
underlying issue is and something that
everyone should be kind of irritated
about if you especially if you consider
yourself a fiscal conservative is the
fact that we have this military surplus
right we spend so much money and waste
so much money on defense that there are
all these you know weapons and all these
tanks and all this military gear that we
decide hey why don't we just resell them
to local police departments and just
keep spending more and more money on
defense
when we spend money on defense it goes
to weapons manufacturers private
contractors is very little to do with
actually keeping Americans safe that
surplus exists for a reason we waste
money on that surplus for a reason right
that's what's really going on and then
who gets to suffer from all of that we
suffer as taxpayers and then we suffer
as private citizens who might want to
hold authorities accountable and go out
there and practice our First Amendment
right of protesting we're the ones that
suffer and one of the reasons that they
gave for rolling this military goods
going to the cops hands is because it
makes it look like you're an occupying
force and where you're not supposed to
be you're supposed to be policing the
community on behalf of the community
that you serve you're not supposed to
occupy them it puts you in the wrong
mindset you know what puts you in the
wrong line say having a grenade launcher
if you're a cop what are you gonna use
that for can you imagine any scenario
where and they almost always use this
for protests where you would launch it
you use a grenade launcher but let's say
you've got a guys holed up in a in a
crack house right what are you to do to
launch an RPG to the crack house that's
insane even in the worst of situations
oh we got a guy who was shooting at
people and he's holed up in a cabin in
the woods really you're gonna blow
out of the woods you're gonna throw a
couple of Barbie chisa into the cabin no
that's insane America is not supposed to
be a war zone and they're turning it
turning into a war zone
I know it's anachronistic and bizarre
but the fact that they asked for all
those bayonets and those bayonets
thousands of them went across the
country just goes you the sense of
absurdity in the insanity of this who
are we going to bayonet in America what
are we doing a bayonet charge and who
are we doing it against no this only
helps the defense contractors and I
guess the morale of not all the cops
there's a lot of great cops but some
sick guys out there who are like I could
just bayonet someone support independent
media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
