so one last thing I'm sheriff joe arpaio
he he got the pardon from trump and he
wants to give credit to someone you know
what who we gave credit to alex jones so
on wednesday he said he thanked the alex
jones for bringing the case of trumps
attention and and he said otherwise
Trump wouldn't heard about it now it's
perfectly possible that that's true
Trump had gone and Alex Jones Show
during the campaign in December 2015
he said about Jones quote your
reputation is amazing I won't let you
down Alex Jones claims that he has
talked to Donald Trump since he has
become president and we know that
right-wing outlets whether they are
insane or not insane have some other
stuff printed out and put in front of
the president in files so you can look
at them and make decisions based on
right-wing conspiracy theories so I want
to look if you've never heard about
Jones god bless your heart if you have
and you haven't all you've seen is some
of the conspiracy theories or that he's
generally against the government you
might not know who how crazy is now a
lot of people by now know that he thinks
that there's something in the water that
turns the frogs gay okay he thinks that
there are aliens and satanic forces in
them in in the on earth and that they
are secretly controlling us
he thinks the Rothschilds and the
Rockefellers and killed 90% of all human
beings on the planet and you might have
heard about Sandy Hook and how he thinks
that was a false flag operation this is
the insane lunatic that our pyro says
yes thank God the president listens to
this lunatic I don't know if you heard
the one of the more recent ones alex
jones said that there are humanoids
quote humanoids and they are quote like
80% gorilla and 80% pig and they're
talking so the president is listening to
a guy who thinks there are humanoids
that are 80% gorilla and 80 % pig do the
math on that one and that those are
eight hundred and sixty percent bear
pigs are are talking humanoids I'm sure
he has some sort of product that he can
sell us that can prevent us or keep us
safe from from these gorilla pigs yes
sorry not bear pigs gorilla pigs
I just want to be fair and honest Alex
Jones these are the lunatics running our
country and breaking our laws and now
getting away with it who is Alex shows
gonna want a part next and who's well
maybe the gorilla pics maybe they need
pardons so Donald Trump might look into
that next these are the guys that are in
charge god help us all if you like The
Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
