two more notes on sheriff arpaio one is
that Donald Trump has not even
considered part knee anyone else of
course he didn't go through regular
procedure in pardoning sheriff joe
arpaio in Maricopa County we told you
that the Justice Department said that he
had committed the worst racial profiling
in United States history he had clearly
defined a court order but he got a
pardon without going through any of the
regular process including the June
occasion of his sentence nobody ever
said this before your pardon but now USA
Today pointing out that Trump has yet to
appoint a new pardon attorney he has not
outlined his part in policy for the
Justice Department and the court
according to the Office of the pardon
attorney there are 376 people who have
applied for pardons since Trump took
office the president has not taken
action on any of them
so not only as he left those guys
without any word at all
he hasn't reported anyone he hasn't said
any guidelines because he doesn't care
about the rule of law he doesn't care
about doing things right he doesn't care
about being president and and all the
heavy responsibilities that consulate is
like Joe I like Joe Joe's an ally of
mine he set up what he called
concentration camps our Payoh said that
it's on tape for latinos i like that
i'll i don't like latinos right and and
if i pardon him maybe I get to pardon
the criminal actions of my own
administration you know Arpaio also in
the early 2000s entrapped a teenager to
make it seem as though that teenager had
an assassination plot against him that
teenager lost four years of his life
until the case finally went to trial and
the jury found him not guilty because
his lawyers proved that he was entrapped
okay by the way again the fine people of
Maricopa County ended up paying 1.1
million dollars in that case our pile is
obsessed with publicity he literally
took four years of that teenager's life
because he had to spend time in prison
awaiting his trial I mean he's just a
bad guy and time and time again he has
proven to be a bad guy but Trump doesn't
care I don't even know if Trump really
knows you know the extent to which
Arpaio refused to follow the law but you
know in regard to all those other people
who have applied for pardons yeah
Trump doesn't care in the case of our
pie oh it's you scratch my back I'll
scratch yours
you know Arpaio spent resources from the
county in order to send one of his
deputies to Hawaii during the Obama
administration to prove that Obama was
not a US citizen that he wasn't born in
the United States
what is the sheriff of Maricopa County
in the middle of Arizona doing
investigating sending investigators to
Hawaii that has nothing to do with his
job but Trump sees that he's like oh you
hate Obama for being black
I hate Obama for being black you like to
put Latinos in concentration camps
that's what I like too so last thing on
this when they asked him Jesus Christ
okay you did this without any procedure
at all and but why did you bury it in
the middle of Friday night news in the
middle of the hurricane it you know you
claim that you're fine with it you're
proud of it and stuff so what why did
you try to bury the news why didn't you
do it earlier in the week etc he said
quote Trump just said this earlier today
he said I assume the ratings would be
far higher than they would be normally
because the hurricane was just starting
so instead of worrying about the lives
lost in the hurricane and he's not in
the Situation Room showed you a picture
earlier he's sitting in the Camp David
all by himself phoning it in he's like
oh he's worried about the ratings that
hurricane Harvey creates which will then
give him more coverage for pardoning his
buddy that's how this monster thinks
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
