James Cameron spoke with the Guardian
and he said that he felt that Wonder
Woman was a step back for women now the
director of one woman patty Jenkins has
spoken up and she retorts stay in your
lane
this is what went down this is the quote
from James Cameron all the self
congratulatory back-patting Hollywood's
been doing over Wonder Woman has been so
misguided she's an objectified icon and
it's just male Hollywood doing the same
old thing I'm not saying I didn't like
the movie but to me it's a step
backwards Sarah Connor was not a beauty
icon she was strong she was troubled she
was a terrible mother and she earned the
respect of the audience through pure
grit and to me the benefit of characters
like Sarah is so obvious I mean half the
audience is female now he is of course
referring to the beloved character Sarah
Connor from the Terminator franchise one
of my first girl crushes she is badass
let's not take anything away from Sarah
Connor now this is what patty Jenkins
said on Twitter she responded to James
Cameron's remarks James Cameron's
inability to understand what Wonder
Woman is or stands for to women all over
the world is unsurprising as though he
is a great filmmaker he is not a woman
strong women are great his praise of my
film monster and our portrayal of strong
yet damaged woman was so appreciated but
if women have to always be hard tough
and trouble to be strong and we aren't
free to be multi-dimensional or
celebrate an icon of women everywhere
because she is attractive and loving
then we haven't come very far have we I
believe women can and should be
everything just like male lead
characters should be there is no right
and wrong kind of powerful woman and the
massive female audience who made the
film a hit it is can surely choose and
judge their own icons of progress so
she's basically saying you can't don't
reduce Wonder Woman to her looks alone
and whether or not she should be taken
seriously based off of that did you guys
agree with what she said did you agree
that James Cameron said do you think he
was sort of stepping out of his Lane
here it would be easier to take what
James Cameron said seriously if it
wasn't paraphrased as but what I did was
good look at my thing if he mentioned it
something else in cinema besides his own
creation essentially yeah then I would
be able to look you know with with more
impartiality about this that's that's
what kind of takes it down for me and
it's also a little strange that he
doesn't see that Sarah Connors badass
and so is Wonder Woman their
presentation
outwardly and the struggles that they
both went through and how it was
portrayed they're not mutually exclusive
you can have right badass women in this
world like that pluralism is actually I
think what makes both movies great is
that you can see all the wonderful
representation of women yeah
although shout out to him liking the
movie monster because that was about
Aileen Wuornos and that was also an
awesome movie but what were your
thoughts on this I think it's I stopped
listening when he said step back for
women like women are not a monolith
there are many women right so when you
say one movie says women back like you
know like policies are setting win them
back not movies like not Wonder Woman so
that was just ignorant I think it's also
ignorant to say that somehow Sarah
Connors grit allowed her access into
appropriate womanhood and somehow Wonder
Woman's attractiveness somehow distances
her from a type of appropriate womanhood
or from being a heroine and I think it's
not not having Wonder Woman it's having
Wonder Woman Sarah Connor having a wide
range of representations of different
kinds of women because again there are
multiple women that women can look and
relate to
I think that's yeah and it just seems
like that's not what he was really
grasping right that we we actually do
need both to serve the best interests of
furthering progress we need all three
and all sorts of representations of a
minute it seems like honestly like
people are saying that patty Jenkins
clap back is it's nice clickbait but
really she was just sort of saying no we
need we need everything right and let's
let's pass the mic here James Cameron
yeah and there's a whole segment of the
movie where there's no men at all which
was my favorite part of the movie right
where it's just lied to a whole group of
women existing outside of the male gaze
outside of men in general so it's like
did you watch did you watch the movies
movies not that good it's just so much
better than Suicide Squad well
everything is what they did well that's
the thing is I don't know there's
something if you're talking about what a
big hit the movie Wonder Woman is that's
not necessarily like Suicide Squad was a
hit it was terrible
so how much money it makes kind of takes
away from it I will say that the
accomplishment I feel like they made in
Wonder
woman was having like SuperDuper
charming and impossibly attractive gal
gadot alongside SuperDuper charming and
impossibly attractive Chris Pine
I don't think wonder woman if you go
back and watch that movie where the bad
guy just kind of comes out of nowhere
you're you're gonna see like this
triumphant feminism as much but I do
think that James Cameron is wrong and
saying you can only essentially win with
feminism by having like someone like
Sarah Connor I agree with your things
there I just don't think that Wonder
Woman is as much of a feminist triumph
as I think the argument isn't about it
being effeminate at least my argument
isn't about it being a feminist triumph
is just it wasn't a good movie if I had
a woman as a lead yeah they should do
right and I think because there's only
one then we want to put it in this
position where is like what are the
feminist overtones and it gets too much
bro sure yeah
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm slash join
