and I have done it too if you catch at
me come along I'm a millennial and my
generation sucks
damn Millennials killing all the
important things like McDonald's the
stock market napkins what's next you're
gonna wear sneakers with suits oh wait
that's just me
sorry yeah it doesn't take much digging
to find a story that drags Millennials
through the mud fidget spindles and all
you are a thief of joy so you know what
I decided this entitled spoiled
millennial with an insufferable need to
take selfies complain about the status
quo and follow the ungodly urge to get
this pursue meaning in my work the nerve
right 150,000 dollars spent on college
tuition and I think that I get the right
to choose what type of job I want to
want to bring a little positivity to a
world where every day we seem to edge
140 characters closer to nuclear
Armageddon so instead of the usual
millennial bashing I'm going to share
with you some of the things that
Millennials aren't doing right
Millennials are killing divorce well get
a lot of this swingers of the 80s it
turns out we Millennials aren't as down
with the old side base as Yola we are
actually all for returning the sanctity
of a good stable family relationship to
married life according to the Institute
for Family Studies 20 percent of those
dirty dogs older than 55 report having
sex outside of marriage compared to only
14% of those under 55 with Millennials
in particular sporting a very dim view
of cheating the lowest of those polled
so next time your parents lecture you on
the good old traditional family values
keep in mind that they odds are likely
that one of them is out-of-plane away
from home one of them is writing dirty
one of them has their keys in a bowl one
of them is getting steak at home and
salmon sorry I know went too far
Millennials value experience although
material things
see it's not the fidgets spinners we are
paying for it's the experience of how
cool we look whilst doing it not even I
can believe that but a study by Harris
group found that 72% of Millennials
prefer to spend money on experiences
rather than material things and that
kind of goes against the narrative that
eyes materialistic want everything
handed to as Technology obsessed
snowflakes would rather an interesting
story under our belt well then a new
belt itself especially one with a phone
attached to it I mean come on feels like
a pocket right their name my name is
kind of want that
Loeb thing to stick around for a while
yeah we like it here and we kind of want
to hang around for a while we're not
sold that climate changes are it'll get
warm it's go weather or can be solved by
and this guy represents the superior
generation right no no according to a
joint study by the Clinton Global
Initiative and Microsoft 66% of
Millennials say there is solid evidence
the earth is getting warmer and 75% of
those believe that this warming is the
result of human activity which is more
than can be said for the mere 37 percent
of our elders who believe in climate
change you may hate us but the elf sure
appreciates that we're putting on our
cuff pants and marching to protest
what's being done to the planet
Millennials are keeping the library
alive oh yeah if you've watched me
before and you are new to this red
scottish mug you may have heard me say
this before we the ones who are never
off our phone always snapping grabbing
tweeting and pinning are keeping the
good old historical relics your DS like
to call a library alive and well counsel
to the common misconception that we
don't like to read books in reality we
do we just don't like to pay for
resisting Donald Trump you thought I was
going to end this without some sort of
dig at the micro handed
commander-in-chief you've got another
thing coming what do you take before a
Republican according to a Gen 4 poll
Trump's disapproval among white
Millennials is at 55 percent while 76
percent of black Millennials disapprove
of him 68 percent of Latinos and 67
percent of Asians disapproved of him
also translation we woke follow me on
instagram at Francis M Maxwell on
Twitter also at Francis M Maxwell like
and share the video let's get some good
things that Millennials are doing out
there and as always continue to resist
you
