the president and Jeff Flake the junior
senator from Arizona have had a war now
for quite a while
flake is up for reelection 2018 he's
going to be primary Kelly Ward who is
running she's a failed candidate in the
past she's the one also who said John
McCain should resign because he has
cancer which I thought was was
fascinating this is an ad that Kelly
Ward is running now in Arizona please
mr. president don't mention any names
and nobody wants me to talk about your
other senator who's weak on borders weak
on crime so I won't talk about him the
president doesn't need to name names
because I will Jeff Flake is weak and
he's failed us in the Senate one vote
away from victory after seven years one
vote one vote from an Arizona senator
would have repealed Obamacare we cannot
let that happen again I'm dr. Kelly Ward
and I approve this message because
Arizona and America deserve better
against Jeff Flake who voted for the
health care so she said one vote from an
Arizona Senator John McCain voted
against it she's not running against
John McCain now she ran against him and
lost pretty badly in a primary also
Donald Trump wants State Treasurer Jeff
DeWit or state GOP chairman Robert
Graham to be that candidate against
flake you know flake is as conservative
as you can be he takes issue with the
president on certain personality flaws
and certain of the ways that he carries
out his business we'll read this very
quickly this is from jeff flakes book
then a lot of people are talking about
it's a conscience of a conservative I've
read a lot of it actually and it's a
really good book about politics I don't
agree with Jeff Flake on very much there
is this trust of your there's the trust
your gut shoot-from-the-hip approach to
political decision-making then there's
the fly off the handle approach as
evidenced by the 2016 presidential
campaign flying off the handle is a big
big hit right now at least in terms of
its entertainment value in ratings in
this book I mean to establish that as a
government
philosophy the instability of flying off
the handle is a disaster for the United
States and is profoundly unconservative
the same goes for our state of the art
presidential bellicosity which seems to
be quite popular in the quote-unquote
conservative circles these days and that
is the antithesis of conservatism too
and is also very often the antithesis of
truth so Donald Trump wasn't naming
names in Phoenix Jeff Flake didn't name
names here and you can see why Donald
Trump you know has a niche right now to
get rid of Jeff Flake because you wrong
the president he's gonna come after you
in that way and he did the same thing
with bob corker today the senator from
Tennessee who's a senior senator also up
in 2018 bob corker last week and I don't
let's listen to the bob corker here talk
about Donald Trump and we'll see why he
got upset president has not yet
has not yet been able to demonstrate the
stability nor some of the competence
that he needs to demonstrate in order to
be successful and this morning after
taking in morning Joe Donald Trump
decided that he was going to tweet about
bob Corker strange statement by bob
Corker considering that he has
constantly asked me whether or not he
should run again in 2018 Tennessee not
happy so he's at odds with the president
with with the Senate it's gonna be very
difficult when they come back to do tax
I don't want to say tax reform it's tax
cuts tax cuts tax cuts when he comes
back this is how this president operates
this is why Jeff Flake is is pissed if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
