so pop as I was saying before before we
got on air I am very excited I am headed
on vacation in fact tomorrow morning it
starts I'm going to the beach and I got
to say I want to talk to you about a
bill if I also want to talk about what's
going on with the the theories behind
holding opioid manufacturers accountable
but I got to say I'm sitting here with a
copy it is a it is an and edit proof
only because it's not out yet but I have
my law and vengeance copy the your
second book of the the thriller a legal
thriller that I am going to be bringing
to the beach and I'm psyched to read it
and you know we'd love to talk to you
just a little bit about themes because I
have interviewed people who you know
talk about these themes that take place
in real life the the failure of our
government to prosecute white collar
criminals and then simultaneously the
problem of our government pursuing
whistle blower blowers particularly
under the Obama administration in a way
that we haven't really ever seen in this
country these are things that you bring
into to law and vengeance yeah I mean
the whole idea of the book is when I
started doing this series of books this
is number two in a series of four books
the third one is about the opioid crisis
and the fourth one is about banks
washing money for terrorists and so this
one folks in and they all by the way are
centered around actual cases that I
handle in our law firm handles but this
one centers around the true case it was
a manufacturer that made a gun sight
both for pistols and rifles that that
unfortunately was a disaster
it was defective they knew it was
defective they actually the the gun
sight would work in perfect conditions
it would work but if you put it out in
the heat humidity and heat would come
to be off several degrees every hundred
yards and a lot of people were you know
it cost cost a lot of lives because of
it so that's a case we handled and it
builds around the the the same
characters that came out in the first
book lawn disorder they just are onto a
different case now and this one's a
little the the severity and the threat
in the the danger is really turned up in
this because it involves it involves a
police union who is mandating the use of
these in in the process of getting
kickbacks and it involves that one of
the biggest weapons manufacturers in the
world
so so Nick dichotomous and the
characters in that book or learn to
pretty heavy pressure Gina Romano is the
is the key trial lawyer in that she's a
experienced criminal white-collar
criminal defense lawyer and so she's
been thrown in the middle of this case
because a couple of her partners were
killed so I think it's I think it's a
story you're gonna like Sam I mean
hopefully you'll read it the goal of all
these books is be able to read it and
then come away after you read it being
entertained but also learning something
for example you mentioned the Department
of Justice and what a miserable job
they've done actually going after you
know for a taking care of whistleblowers
and be really throwing anybody in jail I
mean it's one thing to find a
multi-billion dollar corporation you
know finding five hundred million
dollars they made that you know in a
month right these are multi
multi-billion corporations and the
Department of Justice has evolved into
this thing to where unless it you don't
go to jail unless you're wearing a
hoodie if you're wearing an Armani suit
if you're wearing you know driving
around in a Bentley and I have Rolex
watch on you don't go to you you don't
go to prison you'd simply pay a fine for
your fraud for your crime that results
in the death of human beings but if
you're wearing a hoodie and you're out
on the street selling a couple ounces of
marijuana baby you better hold on cuz
you're you're going to prison right I
mean if you play cards right maybe they
make you Treasury secretary you know
prosecuting you for
you know for running a yeah I mean let
me ask you this is it I mean and then I
want to talk about abilify but is there
a certain amount of liberation for you
because I know there's a lot of cases
that you have I've spoken to obviously a
lot of attorneys we go to the the mass
torts conference twice a year and I
speak to a lot of attorneys about a lot
of these different cases and sometimes
when they settle or sometimes you know
they've seen things that are that are
sealed that they've seen in Discovery is
this liberating for you to be able to
talk about things obviously can't tell
the exact facts well talk about dynamics
that must be that you've been probably I
would imagine you tell me dying to
articulate yeah it is that's an
excellent point and Sam it's not just
when you try a case and get a remarkable
result and you know you know even though
the bad guys don't go to prison you're
able to tell the story the public if the
if corporate media takes time to
actually cover the stories which though
they so infrequently do they they you
know if they give it two or three
paragraphs it's usually not enough but
but yeah it is liberating because you
these books allow me to talk about and
the intricacies for example the
Department of Justice that you know
people come away with the Obama
administration for example thinking oh
well Eric Holder was great or Loretta
Lynch she was really one of us well no
they weren't they were just the opposite
they have nothing in common with you
they have nothing in common with the
typical American Eric Holder comes from
covington burling for example he ran the
Department of Justice and he always
sided with white-collar criminals both
when he was in private practice and he's
back with the same firm by the way now
defending white-collar criminals again
but when he was Department of Justice it
was so dysfunctional because he would be
in front of the camera and everybody's
oh wow you know Eric Holder fund the
company 250 million dollars and Wow
that's spectacular well no often was
times that where companies actually made
products that killed people
they made a pharmaceutical that poisoned
a liver or a kidney or a heart and
people died and so you've got him or or
Wall Street that stole money from
mom-and-pop pension programs and Eric
Holder would say well we really
you know we really had JPMorgan baby
well no the the people lost everything
they lost their entire life savings they
committed suicide they became ill to the
point to where they their lives never
recovered and so we think oh yeah he was
really one of us no he wasn't and
neither was the Loretta Lynch and Obama
knew exactly what was going on because
that's those are the people that really
supported him I mean they um
and so it yeah it is liberating to tell
these stories in the book because you
know you'll take a progressive that may
read the book and and all of a sudden
they're going wow I didn't know all that
well it's the truth
and so I think all these books that I'm
writing right now you mentioned you know
abilify you know that that's a story
that people you almost can't believe
it's this story where the company is
it's a case that's pending right now
where you know the company the documents
say we whitewashed the clinical data we
whitewash the story and the story is
that the the drug is so powerful that if
that affects the Impulse center of the
brain and we have cases where people
that have never gambled in their life
all of a sudden show up on an Indian
Reservation gambling and and in have
literally gambled their entire
everything they own away including their
house in their car
those are not uncommon kinds of cases
and and you know what they admit it I
mean abilify that the manufacturers now
they admit it over in Europe they warn
about it over in Europe that the impulse
control problem is a disaster but they
don't in the United States and so this
so so but but that type of conduct that
was bristol-myers Squibb that handled
that right that case but that type of
conduct from corporate america is not an
exception email anymore it's the norm
and so it's fun to write those books
because of that
