as we all know Donald Trump fired FBI
director James Comey so what is he up to
now
well it turns out he has just gotten
hired as a chair at Howard University he
will serve as the Gwendolyn S and
Kolbert eye King endowed chair in public
policy for the 2007-2008 academic year
as part of this role Comey will lead
five lectures which is a lot of work
Comey will forego his salary of $100,000
instead donating it to a scholarship
fund for the university dedicated to
helping students from foster homes
that's very nice I would like to note
two goofy things that one that name of
the chair is way too long
I think we're short they called the king
chair in public policy which that kind
of sounds bad yeah and and what did you
say you said something like he got it
you said something like he got a chair
you mean like a position of a chair but
as you were saying I felt like there
like congratulations James coming you've
been fired
it's the FBI director but you do have a
chair it's like the modern version of
Game of Thrones you get a chair he's the
king of the north like king of the north
or at least Howard so he doesn't even
know how exciting his life is about to
be oh really yeah neither do I why cuz
it's awesome to teach oh the professor
gonna have a really good time I know he
is unless he doesn't like this huge
thing's gonna have a miserable time
great being on a college campus you're
with all these young people and you get
to you get to actually if you care about
it and you're passionate about it you
get to have a positive influence on
their lives you can see change happen
right before you you know what I just
realized something the right wing's
never gonna get triggered by this
because Howard is historically black
University and so they were like oh only
been a lot whites because white people
don't have enough universities to go to
America of course he would go there oh
yeah isn't James Comey a Republican yeah
he's deeply Republican he was the number
two guy in John Ashcroft Justice
Department under George
bush and john ashcroft is like
criminally Republican he didn't do
anything criminal kind of massive right
winger so is Comey he's just and he's a
quizzical dude he has this set of
principles whether you think he's
applied them right or not yeah he deeply
believes in those principles and that's
why I respect him even though I think we
probably disagree on a lot of political
issues I respect him because he is
principled and he doesn't he doesn't
strike me as a bad person he look I
think he likes the spotlight and and
that's why he did the press conference
when he announced that Hillary Clinton
was not going to be charged and then
berated her that was actually not his
role it's actually the Attorney General
that's supposed to decide whether she's
charged or not the FBI just makes a
recommendation so he was out of bounds
there on the other hand when but look he
didn't charge her and you know and he
made that crazy statement right before
the election saying but look Republicans
will look at that and go yes he should
have done all that and it's debatable
and then of course during the Bush
administration he most famously wouldn't
allow warrantless wiretapping for that I
I will always respect him it's that's
not a Republican or Democrat saying
because later a lot of people know Obama
administration made excuses for a
warrantless wiretapping - but Comey was
right on that and that is a actually a
conservative position as well as a
progressive position both I actually
agree to that if they had principles so
now he's going to teach young people
were excited about the law so and
foregoing a salary so nicely done he's
back to being my Comey support
independent media come join us the Young
Turks TYT Network comm / join
