if you notice other day in Phoenix when
Trump was holding a rally there was a
gentleman behind him with an interesting
sign it said blacks for Trump and he his
African American and he's got more
things on his shirt which I would
explain to you in a second and so
everybody was wondering who was that
black guy who's for Trump now a lot of
folks in the african-american community
voted against Donald Trump resoundingly
so overwhelming majority in the some
folks think you might be crazy if you're
gonna vote for Trump or support Trump if
you're black in America well let's find
out if he is so who is this guy this is
a fun story his name is Maurice Simonet
or is it it's also Maurice Woodside it's
also Michael the black man okay now when
you need an alias
that's your first red flag there's some
chance that this is not going to go well
okay so as you guys saw there he held
the blacks for Trump sign in fact we
have it on video how enthusiastic he is
for Donald Trump after we come back from
the video I'm going to tell you who
Maurice Simonet slash Woodside slash the
black man is what his websites say and
what he's done in the past
buckle up first let's see his
enthusiastic support for the president
which is absolutely necessary
I'll make a prediction I think he's
gonna be just fine okay
don't mention any names so I won't I
won't
this is me speaking we condemn in the
strongest possible terms this egregious
display of hatred bigotry and violence
that's me speaking on Saturday right
after the event why did it take a day he
must be a racist it took a game
very presidential isn't it very
president but I won't do it tonight
because I don't want to cause any
controversy is that okay all right okay
so as you can partly see there his shirt
said Trump's and Republicans are not
racist okay all right it's very clear
and then he had a couple of websites you
might not have seen it says relax for
Trump 2020 calm okay and then he had
another one that said gods to.com oh I
wonder what that is
well actually when you go to it they all
lead to honest fact calm which I Got
News for you is not honest or facts to
what it says there but first I want you
to understand this guy is not some
random Schmo who happened to show up you
know behind the president no he goes and
takes pictures with problems all the
time they're happy to take that look at
the black guy the media says blacks are
not for us we've got Mike Michael the
black guy or whatever his name is
Maurice with us see here's a here he is
with Marco Rubio and then Ted Cruz and
then here we go one more time and
culture so he's with all these notable
Republicans did anyone go to their way
to his website they're so proud that
they have one black supporter did
anybody check out what should I think a
picture with this guy is this guy okay
well if you go to his website you find
out one claims to link one of his
theories on the side Hillary Clinton
with the Islamic state and the criminal
gang ms-13 what but you know look
problems these days are so crazy they
might actually believe that I don't know
but this guy's a lunatic
I mean of Islamic state ms-13 what does
she have anything new with that message
alright we're not done yet
turkeys are the real he claims are the
real KKK racist slave masters not white
Gentiles who are black people's
can emancipator's so okay I'm not
surprised by the Republican talking
point of Oh
Republicans say but they're my
Emancipator all Republicans I love you I
love you but the Cherokees what one of
his theories is that the Native
Americans are the ones who actually
saved African Americans all right it
gets weirder Simonet has uploaded a
number of long-winded videos on YouTube
often as Michael the black man there he
discusses his theories on race a race
Wars involving Democrats Gentiles
Canaanites and the Cherokee oh thank god
to Canaanites I thought he was gonna
leave them out hello
obviously Hilary working with the
Canaanites driving Cherokees oh I have
to say anything more oh the Republicans
are so proud they found one black guy oh
yes so do you have to be crazy to be
black and support Donald Trump yeah I
mean this guy is we're not even anywhere
near the craziest parts yet there which
is his past all right one more
conspiracy theory in 2008 Simonet
reportedly claimed that then-senator
Obama had tried to have him assassinated
yes because the President Obama was like
whoa that one dude who believes in
insane stuff about the Cherokee and the
canaanites
I really need to get rid of him which is
weird because President Obama did not
have him assassinated nor did he set up
FEMA camps or work with ms-13 or put us
in Hobbit homes it's almost as if
they're crazy okay well Maurice wants to
defend himself so he says I don't smoke
I don't drink I don't support any kind
of activity that goes against what God
asks us to do well that sounds pretty
awesome he says you can check my record
I've never been convicted of anything
wait what do you mean you haven't been
convicted of anything that's the kind of
thing somebody says if they were charged
with things and happened and I get
convicted nobody's ever asked me a
question I was like I've never been
convicted of anything so let's find out
what his situation is his rap sheet
lists arrests for racketeering
firebombing conspiracy and 14
and grand theft auto the New Times
reported in 2011 hey Marco Rubio Ted
Cruz Donald Trump your one black friend
firebombing theft auto 14 murders not
convicted in the early 1990s Simonet who
then went by the name of Maurice
Woodside was arrested along with other
members of an african-american cult
called a temple of love the New Times
reported its leader Yahweh Ben Yahweh
sounds like a fun guy formerly known as
Hulan Mitchell jr. was later sentenced
to 20 years of federal prison for
conspiring to commit murder Simonet was
acquitted well so to be fair I'm now
said three different times that he was
not convicted he apparently was part of
the cult but they you know thought that
the cult leader did mainly did it and he
didn't have enough culpability beyond a
reasonable doubt okay good for him but
so 'cimmanon how did he convince you
this Yahweh Ben Yahweh to join a cult
and watch which wind up actually
committing these murders whether he did
Simonet did it or not the cult did do it
and that guy got convicted for it so I
mean did he have a compelling case he
said he got me by just walking up and
saying all white people are the devil
this sophisticated thinker is the guy
who now by the way it's not just Trump
and Rubio on the other guy's all over
the internet right wingers Gore used to
think that and now is now joined a
different call to call the Trump cult I
rest our case black people love Trump
well this particular insane dude does
just buyer beware that's all I'm saying
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
