after charlottesville President Trump
did something horrific he came out and
blamed many many sides and he said that
they were very fine people on the
alt-right side of that white nationalist
event that included the Klan the
neo-nazis and other white pride white
power movements that chanted deeply
anti-semitic racist and homophobic
chants and he said that there were
people that were very very violent on
the side of the people who were run over
the counter protesters the people
protesting fascists and Nazis in America
so it was grotesque I asked for mass
resignations a lot of people asked for
mass resignations there were a lot of
excuses which we covered earlier this
week on the program where people were
telling Axios they had a good story
about it inside the administration go
well I mean look the president would do
things that are even dumber if we
weren't around surplus this is a nice
cushy job and I have a lot of power so
I'm not gonna leave those are the
unprincipled people but you might not
have heard about it but there has been a
ton of resignations that borders on mass
resignations it's just not being
reported very much now you you did hear
about the manufacturing council that's
the CEOs that started leaving one by one
Under Armour CEO the Intel CEO the Merck
CEO on and on until Trump had to go yeah
yeah I didn't want a manufacturing
council anyway I'm disbanding it and
then strategy and policy forum with
deeply Republican and Trump supporters
on it and also CEOs and financial people
get a phone call and decided now we got
to leave and even I'm Tony he was some
of the biggest Republican donors were
like no this is reprehensible and they
disbanded the group after they disbanded
the group Trump came out with a tweet
saying oh you had the strategy and
policy form I never wanted it anyway
no I'm disbanding it no you didn't do it
they did it so those two groups are
already gone but now there's more people
resigning seven members of the National
Infrastructure Advisory Council which
includes Obama appointees resigned this
week citing Trump's charlottesville
response and other issues so what does
this council do well the National
Infrastructure Advisory Council is made
up of presidential appointees from
private sector academia and government
and was originally founded in 2001 under
president george w bush it advises the
president of security including
cybersecurity for critical
infrastructure like water systems well
now seven out of the twenty seven
members of that council have left the
building
i'm gonna give you their exact quote in
a second but let me give you a sense of
the relevant players here one of them
was cristin dorgelo she was a former
chief of staff at the White House Office
of Science and Technology Policy under
Obama
she then you have DJ Patil former White
House chief data scientists a lot of the
scientists leaving the building Christy
goldfuss former managing director of the
White House Council on Environmental
Quality they couldn't take it anymore
they explain here at HuffPo the Trump
administration has not shown itself to
be quote adequately attentive to the
pressing national security matters
within the n ia C's purview or
responsive to sound advice the resigning
council members wrote in other words it
doesn't matter what you tell the
president he's never gonna listen anyway
doesn't matter if it's a former Obama
appointee of course he's not gonna
listen to that person scientists can't
tell me climate change exists I know
it's a Chinese oakes he doesn't even
listen to his own advisers his own
advisers said hey you should do a clean
debt ceiling vote he comes out the next
day going no that's it we're not gonna
do a clean debt ceiling vote it's Mitch
McConnell's fault it's Paul Ryan's fault
that I want to build a wall and I'm
gonna hold everything hostage until I do
the guy doesn't listen to any advice and
let alone sound advice the resigning
members also wrote a little bit more
strongly now your actions have
threatened the security of the homeland
I took an oath to protect and so they
have left now remember that this these
are not the only resignations you got
these you know the ones I told you about
before Trump also ended plans for
another Advisory Council on
infrastructure last week and then every
member of the White House Arts Committee
resigned look you know I I don't know
what your thoughts on arts are in cyber
security and infrastructure and
manufacturing I think
some might consider more important but
every part of the government matters and
I think every one of these resignations
matters so god bless the arts committee
for saying no I'm not gonna be part of a
white house that equivocates on
neo-nazis I'm just not going to do it so
they're gone and then a sighs envoy for
the State Department also sent a
resignation letter to Trump on Wednesday
that contained a not-so-subtle secret
message impeach so this artists have
left the scientists have left the
businessmen have left almost anyone with
any degree of sanity or decency has
already left the building
that doesn't leave you much it leaves
the ghouls the goblins and the
deplorable is still backing Donald Trump
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com / joy
