this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm rick scott the current
governor of florida is running to be a
senator and he's an incredibly tight
race with his competitor Senator Bill
Nelson who's a Democrat and so he did a
campaign event recently at this Cuban
restaurant known as mohos real Cuban
restaurant and thought that he was going
to be welcomed by his fans by his
supporters but instead he was welcomed
by people who want to protest him now
there's one specific reason why he's
being protest there has to do with the
environment so Florida has been hit with
a widespread epidemic of toxic algae
also known as red tide that is harmful
to humans and kills thousands of fish
now what is that how is it caused well
climate change has something to do with
it and also environmental policy in the
state has a lot to do with it and that
environmental policy was passed by rick
Scott so increased nutrient levels in
water from leaking septic tanks or lawn
fertilizer causes red tide blooms to
develop so to be specific Scott had
signed policy legislation that repealed
mandatory septic tank inspections in
2012 he has also cut 700 million dollars
from the state's water management
districts and reduced staffing at
Florida's Department of Environmental
Protection this is incredibly important
for the state of Florida because climate
change specifically is is impacting them
on a regular basis now flooding in South
Florida this red tide issue it's just
getting worse and it's because of what
people like rick scott have pushed for
now with that said i want to show you
some of the footage from mohos real
Cuban restaurant I enjoyed it I hope you
will too take a look
he was at the campaign event for ten
minutes and he had to leave yeah they're
calling him red tide Rick I like those
kind of nicknames and that's why his own
staff was putting up the Rick Scott
signs to try to shield them didn't seem
to work yeah
so to me the most instructive part of
this story is is the issue of the septic
tanks so he he cuts 700 million dollars
from the water management district
Susanna
told you and he says I'm not gonna have
the septic tanks be reviewed and
inspected mandatorily this is gonna be
done voluntarily and as we've told you a
thousand times what happens when you
leave it up to people to do things
voluntarily they don't do it and so the
septic tanks started leaking to which I
say of course of course they did that's
why you need regulations so if you said
to people hey you know what we're just
gonna make bank-robbery voluntary we're
asking you not to do it anymore but if
you do if you go into a bank and get
thousands of dollars we won't do
anything about guess what you're gonna
have a lot of bank robberies okay so the
septic tank started to leak and the
water management was underfunded so they
couldn't help and now you've got this
not only affecting the health of the
citizens of Florida killing thousands of
fish but it's also hurting their economy
because it's killing tourism to
obviously tourism and going in the water
in Florida is a giant giant part of
their economy why would you go to
Florida if you're not gonna go like it's
a tour as a tourist like why would you
go to Florida unless you're you know
able to enjoy the beaches and all that
so let's do a little bit of math behind
it so now red red tide rake says oh no I
got it I'm gonna declare an emergency if
you didn't screw it up in the first
place you wouldn't have to declare an
emergency so he declares the state of
emergency says I'm gonna put nine
million dollars behind us so you took
away seven hundred million dollars that
could have prevented the problem in the
first place and you are now spending
nine million dollars but why do you take
away the 700 million in the first place
because he had to do tax cuts so if you
do tax
for the rich and for corporations who
are Rick Scott's donors you don't have
money left over to actually help the
state and the theoretical logic of the
tax cuts for the richest don't worry
it'll help our economy you just ruined
the local economy because tourism is the
number one part of their economy so
everything they ever said was a lie and
Rick Scott committed the big largest
Medicare fraud in American history he
was the CEO of the company that was
found guilty of that it's not it's that
conjecture he's big defenses well I
guess while I was running the company
someone else must have committed the
largest Medicare fraud in history at my
company come on the guys who is a
lifelong criminal like other Republicans
we know so now this is the chickens
coming home to roost so the red tide
rolling in and all of a sudden he's like
oh well what here I'll give you a
pittance I'll give you nine million
dollars in emergency funding so I hope
the people of Florida understand what
Rick Scott's been doing this whole time
and if you put him in the Senate he's
gonna take that robbery on behalf of his
donors and he's gonna make it national
you don't let him do it thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com /join
