First Lady Melania Trump is thanking
Chelsea Clinton for defending her son
Baron Trump now why did Baron Trump need
to be defended well the Daily Caller
which is one of the most disgusting
publications of all time decided that
it'd be a great idea to pick on an 11
year old and the way that he dresses so
Ford Springer from The Daily Caller
wrote an opinion piece about how Baron
doesn't dress nice enough because
there's nothing else to write about so
the headline was it's high time Baron
Trump starts dressing like he's in the
White House so let me give you a few
pieces of what this guy wrote you kind
of get a sense of how petty he is he
wrote while the president and first lady
traveled in their Sunday best young
Baron looked like he was hopping on Air
Force One for a trip to the movie
theater what am I missing here is Baron
just better than I ever was at rebelling
against my parents his dad is always
looking dapper and his mom has become a
worldwide fashion icons in the becoming
first lady the youngest Trump doesn't
have any responsibilities as the
president's son but the least he could
do is dress the part when he steps out
in public now to be fair to the readers
of the Daily Caller a lot of them did
criticize Springer for writing this
stupid opinion article but what I love
is that Chelsea Clinton stood up for
Baron and said you know let the kid be a
kid you know don't rob him of his
childhood and kids should be off-limits
regardless of you know political
ideology of the parents and all that who
cares
off-limits he's an 11 year old so anyway
because Chelsea Clinton defended him
Melania did go ahead and thank her very
publicly on Twitter Thank You Chelsea
Clinton so important to support all of
our children and being themselves
hashtag stop childhood bullying
okay I'm now gonna say a couple of one
except I mean she should probably focus
a little bit on her husband world's
biggest bully yeah all right let me say
a couple of unacceptable things nothing
I wouldn't do with Baron of course don't
talk about the kids but one is Chelsea
Clinton gets too much credit for this
it's like it's the smallest niche in the
world her niche is protecting other
presidential kids whenever a
presidential kid is ever mentioned
Chelsea comes out like don't do it it's
not the
right thing to do and the whole press is
like bravo Bravo Chelsea like it's a
layup I'm not trying to take credit away
from her but it's not a hard position to
take right well look I think look I
agree with you in that the media does go
nuts over the smallest things especially
if it involves you know old school
political families and things like that
but Chelsea Clinton was a child of a
president and I'm sure she went through
quite a bit especially considering you
know what her dad did when he was in
office no no I know I um old dude I
covered it and and rush limbaugh was a
total prick to her and made fun of her
looks when she was like 13 I think but
just a quick conversation about how
ironic it is that someone like Rush
Limbaugh would ever have the audacity to
comment on anyone elses looks ever ever
ever okay anyway but so look they she's
not do anything wrong she's also like
like we could we don't have to give her
a medal but anyway god bless god bless
and then the him Melania I'm gonna get
more unacceptable here with the hashtag
stop childhood bullying the guy just
said he should dress up he shouldn't
have said it he's an idiot right but is
it like bullying the kid it's like now
this has become like a thing where this
is like somehow related to childhood
bullying Nicholas yeah it is he's 11
years old okay you're coming from your
own little bubble where we get like
harassment and abuse on a daily basis so
if someone comments on the way we dress
were like all it's a good day but in
this case it's 11 it's an 11 year old
boy
okay why why do you need why do you need
to pick on an 11 year old boy really
that's the only thing you can think
about too right no of course
for the 18th time I'm not defending the
writer he's an idiot I'm just saying
they're making a federal case out of
this I just this is not the worst
example of childhood bullying there's
much more egregious examples okay I
don't like this shirt he should have
worn a better take care what he wears
want you to like trash the Daily Caller
right now oh sure I hate the daily
coffee job that's all I wanted terrible
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
