many are now protesting leadership in
the Philippines after the death of a 17
year old boy now this death centered
around a incident involving cops the
police alleged that Qian dello Santos
was armed and that he opened fire
against the cops which led them to
returned fire and then they shot and
killed him
however there was witness testimony and
also surveillance footage that indicated
that that was not in fact what happened
and so this is all part of do ter taze
support of extrajudicial killings
involving those who are either in
possession of or trafficking drugs and
you know he's gotten a lot of support
for having that policy but a lot of
people many of which never got a day in
court have died as a result of that in
fact there have been 12,500 casualties
as a result of these extrajudicial
killings and unfortunately it took the
death of an innocent seventeen-year-old
for people to wake up and realize this
is probably not a good idea
police initially claimed that he had
fired first but their story was
contradicted by witnesses and CCTV
footage that showed the teenager being
dragged down alleyways into a dead-end
corner where he was asked to run with a
gun and shot when he did let's pause
there because I want to give some more
context there's over 12,500 people
killed 3,500 have been killed in police
shootouts where the officers claimed
self-defense but now when you see on
video that they put a gun in the kids
hands and make it run away and then
shoot him in the back well you get a
sense of maybe those weren't shootouts
maybe this is something that they do not
maybe almost certainly what they do on a
regular basis to murder people now was
the kid a drug dealer no it turns out
the kid actually wanted to be a cop and
the last thing that anybody heard from
him when he was screaming please can I
go home I have school tomorrow so this
is what happens when you have no rule of
law this is what happens when you elect
crazy people right this is what happens
when you like crazy people there's a
reason
a justice system is supposed to exist
right so people can have their day in
court and they can be found guilty or
innocent and then you can carry out the
appropriate actions following that day
in court
but but they decided against that they
decided to support a crazy person like
Duterte who thinks that someone who
might be addicted to drugs is worthy of
murdering okay and by the way we live in
a country that elects crazy people as
well and and Donald Trump has been very
supportive of Duterte and his tough on
crime policies but in reality these
tough on crime policies end up killing
completely innocent people and people
who just need help with repeat
rehabilitation yes there are three
layers at a minimum to in the problems
that did this approach has one is okay
killing drug dealers wait nobody took
pass those laws dealing drugs is not an
offense that you should be executed for
if it was we would agree as a society
that we should we didn't pass that law
in America they didn't pass that law in
the Philippines but he's execute him
anyway second layer is much more
troubling oh if you're taking drugs he's
executing you for Christ's sake I mean
that that's a health care issue it's
like going around shooting everybody
who's having a beer I don't know you
seem like you're addicted to alcohol
alcohol is a big problem in America or
in the Philippines in this case shoot
him in the head that's insanity you're
just just just I mean it's the other
stuff was probably murder but we don't
know if the drug dealers had weapons or
not the drug users are almost definitely
murder now we get to the third layer
which is once you start killing people
you stop checking whether they're the
guys you were going after in the first
place you've got a blank check from a
dictator saying go take care of the
problem and I'm not going to hold you
accountable when you don't hold cops
accountable this is what happens yeah so
look there there is corruption in the
Philippines just like there's corruption
in pretty much every other country and
there are multiple political parties and
those who support support duterte just
like those who support Trump like to
make excuses for him because they don't
want to accept the reality of
supporting a crazy person who's actually
destructive for their society and so the
excuse that they're coming up with for
duterte is oh the political opponents
are you know setting this up there's
some sort of weird conspiracy theory to
set this up so Duterte looks bad no no
Duterte
is terrible okay he is the person who
gave a green light to vigilante justice
vigilante injustice really and and he
has given a green light to people doing
these extrajudicial killings okay so
there are no excuses for Duterte Duterte
has been on the record over and over
again saying that he applauds and
supports this and now that he's been
caught supporting something that has
been destructive he's trying to walk it
back a little bit he's saying oh no this
is terrible I mean he is saying that
these cops need to be put in custody no
you need to be put in custody there's no
reason why someone like him should be a
leader of a country so once you open up
a can of worms of lawlessness vigilante
justice and the president saying you
don't have to follow the law you just
kill people it leads down a very very
dark alley
and it does every single time and it did
in this case in this case unfortunately
literally they found the kid his body
was bullet riddled it was in a fetal
position and he was semi naked so and
then they pretended that he was a
dangerous guy and so this is this is the
thing that has outraged the Philippines
where if it's gone too far but to Anna's
point you should have known it was gonna
go there this is when you allow someone
to break the law and have no
consequences in this case the dirt or
tate and then the cops that he unleashed
well this is a guaranteed result so
don't don't if you sort of supported
eternity before don't feign outrage now
this is what you authorized and but now
that you realize what he's actually
doing throw him the hell out of office
and may you be the first to throw
right-wing dictator or someone with
dictatorial tendencies and may others
follow watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway
like a TYT Network comm /join
