quickly I want to talk to you about some
of the crowds last night you heard the
president talk about how big the crowds
were here
of course Twitter abuzz with it
Republican Twitter showing us images
like this huge huge crowds look at those
people outside outside of where the
Cleveland Cavaliers won the NBA
championship in 2016 that is not the
Trump rally even though it was put out
there as if it was that it doesn't look
at all like Arizona but that was the
kind of message that was going around
when in fact the Trump rally sizes
looked a little bit more like this here
are some of the images of what was
really going on but there was no
basketball being played there weren't
were however there were however protests
outside and some of them got a little
ugly Trump in a way and those first
remarks I think and you can play some of
it behind this but so got to talking
about those people outside almost like
he continues to incite as he did during
the election this kind of activity he
loves when it happens and this is what's
happening outside afterwards protesters
and some of the backlash was pretty
harsh as well yes so did do two
different issues one is the memes that
the Republicans are putting out so
conservatives are putting out that
picture of the Cavaliers Stadium
pretending that it was the Trump rally
from yesterday and then ironically
they'll go call everybody else fake news
it's just projection it's a way to muddy
the water they know the day what they do
is lie after lie and then they know that
if they side of lying you'll be confused
enough to call it 50/50
it's actually in that sense a smart
strategy yeah and now when it comes to
these the reaction here from the
protesters of Trump by all accounts the
recaps did the pepper balls that they
threw in there which sounds funny when
when people trying to move the
barricades of protesters that after
Trump is done well if that is accurate I
side with the cops when you've got the
president or as much as we dislike him
he is the president and he's in the
building and you've got a large crowd
who fervently dislikes him trying to
move the barricades out of the way and
either even if they you're not worried
about the president you've got the
president
supporters coming out that's a
potentially really ugly situation now I
said that amount of force being used I
have no way of judging that right I
don't know if that was too much too
little etc I don't think it was too
little because it worked yeah and but
don't move the barricades that's a
really bad idea having been in those
situations before covering them and as a
protestor sometimes they use the excuse
of you've moved the barricades and
you're in a situation we covered this in
January I was I was at a rat there was a
protest in front of Trump Tower in New
York City where all of the the
protesters were being contained in an
area and the reporters in the same area
and they couldn't move and the
barricades were moving because we were
there were like you know four hundred
people in a block that were being
contained and so they're moving they're
moving and it it escalates that way
granted the New York City Police which
is fine no means an example for how you
handle crowds and they have their own
issues I think they're a little bit more
used to this than the Arizona Police
Department which I also I've worked in
Arizona a lot of campaign work there um
you know that's a City the mayor is a
Democratic mayor mayor Stanton they held
events prior to Trump coming out where
they had all these Democrats lined up
you know elected officials Ruben Gallego
representative giving speeches so they
were prepared for this I I wonder if
this was the State Police or the city
police I can't really tell because that
actually does play a factor into this
kind of stuff
I can handle protests but we haven't
seen this type of reaction to presidents
in a very long time probably since
George HW Bush after you know going into
Afghanistan and Iraq and even then it
was different than the tenor here and it
wasn't everywhere which doesn't mean it
shouldn't have been but but so this kind
of thing happening where the president
is inside giving this glorious speech to
these you know sycophants is it's it's
pretty amazing we yeah let me just want
one last thing on this look I I'm not on
both sides of the issue I I'm trying to
thread the needle stop being both sides
many many sides do anything know on what
is the right and appropriate reaction so
Nomi is clearly right about the
situation she
through and that does happen from time
to time at the same time those cops
gotta be thinking oh my god look at what
happens Charlottesville I have got to
maintain order here and I've got pretty
sizable crowds on both sides maybe
they're not as large as Trump makes them
out to be or the Republicans do but you
got a decent sized crowd on Trump size
and certainly a decent sized crowd or
protesters if those guys meet we're
gonna have mayhem so that's a really
tough situation for the cops to be in so
let's keep it real on that now on the
other side I will say generally speaking
the cops in America have an enormous
right wing protester bias what I mean by
that is if you've got right-wing
protesters time to put on the kids
gloves right oh okay wait wait wait
Bundy guys they've got guns they're
pointing it at our heads well let's do I
sand easy nice and easy
Nazis rallying they should protect the
right to to march even though it's
maddening infuriating but it's a free
speech issue and of course asked him to
do that in Charles Vil having said that
my god kids gloves all around the next
day the kid shows up and he got kicked
out of his college I don't think he
should have but to prepare to honor the
Confederacy it's got a giant long gun on
him and a handgun and as the cops are
escorting him out and he again he didn't
do anything wrong
and the cops are just trying to protect
him but they're like they let him in the
cop car with the gun oh my god like
there's no way a black guy is getting
led into a cop car with a gun when you
know when people that were aligned with
him he didn't do it okay but
ideologically aligned with him just
killed someone the day before there's no
way right so every time there's a
left-wing protest here we go let's no
problem bro batons pepper gas etc
right-wing protests oh you'll be careful
be careful be careful be careful
so I mean you almost every time so
that's also the reality of America if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
