the Supreme Court has issued a ruling in
regard to dark money that finances some
of the political ads that you see and
they have insisted that these donations
to predominantly conservative political
nonprofit groups what's often known as
dark money be disclosed at least seven
weeks ahead of the 2018 midterm
elections the Supreme Court was a
positive decision was the last time that
happened yeah so especially on money in
politics almost never
now remember Kennedy in his disastrous
Citizens United decision did say hey
listen it's okay it will know where the
money's coming from and then you'll know
that what people's conflicts of interest
might or might not be except the
politicians were like that's cute no
we're not gonna tell you where the dirty
money is coming from that's the whole
point of dark money is to keep it from
you so we're not gonna reveal who is
funding these campaign ads now
apparently the Supreme Court before
Kennedy leaves is going no you're gonna
have to tell us where the money's coming
from yes and it's and it's important
especially when you consider the amount
of money that's involved in the Supreme
Court wait on that as well so the
Supreme Court's decision comes less than
a week after a new research report by
the government reform group issue one
put some dollar amounts on this
unreported donor spending and the report
found that the top 15 politically active
nonprofit groups raised and spent more
than six hundred million dollars on
campaigns between 2010 and 2016 yeah and
so understand this doesn't just apply to
conservatives it applies conservatives
liberals just the same if you're doing
dark money you have to tell us where you
got the money from which is fantastic
I don't want uneven rules I want fair
rules so we know exactly where the
money's coming from and for and that
could help us deduce what the reason is
by the way the number one donor is the
Chamber of Commerce it's not that hard
to figure out what their purpose is
their purpose is corporate power and
corporate profits and it is oftentimes
at the cause
the average American consumer an
employee yes oh but to know more
specifics is always better yeah to know
more specifics is better and look when I
mentioned the conservative groups the
only reason why I do that even though
this would affect all dark money
regardless of where it comes from the
reason why I bring up conservatives is
because they are the largest donors so
you know they referenced the Koch
brothers Americans for Prosperity PS is
another Crossroads GPS is Karl Rove's
group
the others are Koch brothers groups and
the Chamber of Commerce obviously
represents giant multinational
corporations by the way there are
multinational corporations and they
would like to influence American
politics the fact that we let them get
away with it is unreal
so look temper your excitement over this
news it is definitely very very good
news and rare good news on this issue in
particular but it doesn't solve the
problem they're still allowed to bribe
the politicians we just now have to know
who they are and so we need to go way
way further and actually get the money
out of politics to begin with to do that
join wolf PAC wolf dash pack.com slash
join become a member helps support their
cause
of going above the Supreme Court and
getting an amendment that actually says
we're done with this stop all right
we're supposed to have a democracy not
an auction stop bribing our politicians
in this way that the Supreme Court has
deemed legal so this is a tiny first
step in the right direction but we got
to go a lot further to make sure that we
end the bribery on the go don't worry
we've got you covered you still listen
to t whitey at our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcast at Google Play
Store or at TYT comm slash podcast
