from Arizona one of the other topics
that had been bandied about during the
day was that Sheriff Joe Arpaio the very
divisive racist and I would say
overbearing former sheriff of Maricopa
County there where Houston sits the
question is whether or not he's going to
be pardoned after having been indicted
they said that the president will not
address this so of course the president
being the president did this was Sheriff
Joe convicted for doing his job
that's what
he should have had a jury but you know
what I'll make a prediction I think he's
gonna be just fine okay
but but I won't do it tonight because I
don't want to cause any controversy is
that okay all right
but Sheriff Joe can feel good far be it
from him from the Poynting started
controversy Sheriff Joe can feel good
okay so a couple of things about this
first young turks did a story about this
yesterday and and Andruw Jones pointed
out that in order to get a pardon you
have to go through a great number of
steps including saying you did do it and
being contrived about it
he's Sheriff Joe was appealing that
conviction right now he doesn't admit
responsibility at all you have to serve
five years in prison he hasn't gone to
prison he doesn't even face five years
he faces a maximum of six months it says
you can't do this born in any way shape
or form but Trump doesn't know that and
that's likely why they're not do why did
he do it lesson he's gonna be fine so
what's he's gonna lean on some
prosecutor I also said that he was
indicted but he was in fact of course
convicted and that's just that's all
they wanted to hear they don't need the
facts they don't need to end the presses
it they're they're buying into it if
there's one thing Donald Trump does know
it's the press and so they've you know
as an entire story yesterday for hours
on CNN will you're really not pardon Joe
Arpaio god forbid somebody actually hire
their you use their fact checkers to
figure this out you're a news
organization you're supposed you're you
are the fact checkers find out how you
do a pardon or just watch our video from
yesterday so the other thing about this
is that it the advisers got half the
most brutal job and I have no sympathy
for them because they work for Donald
Trump but they whatever they tell him
like okay now with manchild president
we're gonna tell you you you can't
pardon Joe Arpaio in the speech tonight
so don't bring it up okay I'm gonna go
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says then says
I'm gonna go tell the press you're not
bringing it up tonight okay okay got you
this error okay I got it anyway saying
that you're not allowed to talk about it
and talking about it it's talking about
it does yeah he doesn't intentionally I
think he's I mean really I think all of
them are in on it
it's it's a messaging ploy like get them
excited get in the press distract away
from the
criticisms about the Afghanistan speech
distract away from whatever thing he did
20 minutes before and now we could talk
about his speech and say but I'm not
gonna do it now get a big applause line
I'll come back later for it maybe court
yeah no I agree with you the Trump
circuit on purpose partly because they
told me can and he is a man-child but
partly because it does work people love
that he's a rebel right but I don't
think his advisers are in on the ploy
because yeah so some are yeah yeah but
most of the advisers if you believe the
leaks are like oh for Christ's sakes
like what did we just tell you yeah you
can sense of what the advisers think of
him when he was on the Truman balcony
looking at the solar eclipse without the
glass yeah they're like go look you know
you only say that you think the guy is
an idiot right right you see what I'm
saying like you don't have to tell Obama
that you don't have to tell I imagine
even Reagan like they're on pins and
needles he's gonna do something stupid
something stupid oh I knew it don't look
if you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
