Louise Linton petty that's what she is
and she proved it on social media
recently now if you're wondering who
Linton is she is actually the wife of
Steve minuchin Donald Trump's Treasury
secretary and recently she was on a
government plane on a trip to Kentucky
and decided to brag about not only her
travel but the attire that she was
sporting during the trip and so she
posts on Instagram a photo of herself
getting off of the plane and the caption
says the following great hashtag day
trip to Kentucky nicest people beautiful
countryside and then a bunch of brands
that I don't know including Tom Ford
Sunny's her maize scarf
Valentino rock stud heels sounds very
painful Valentino and then USA give us a
shout out thank God okay now there's
nothing says USA as much as Hermes a
demise I have no freaking expensive
that's that's what it is
anyway so she posts a photo on Instagram
as I mentioned and she got a little bit
of backlash one of the people who shared
her criticism was Jenny Miller she's a
mother of three from Oregon she
responded with quote glad we could pay
for your little getaway hashtag
deplorable
okay now Linton didn't like it okay and
so she responded with the following
comment oh did you think this was a
personal trip adorable do you think the
US government paid for a honeymoon or
personal travel LOL oh LOL have you
given more to the economy than me and my
husband either as an individual earner
in taxes or in self-sacrifice to your
country what kind of self sacrifice have
you given to the country louise let me
continue no no let's pause okay let's
boss i'm gonna be a bad guy in a second
but first let's just do the easy stuff
so i do declare how adorable of you to
not realize how much sacrifice we're
giving to the country as i step in my
valentino here's those studded heels and
to ducky okay know this you can't brag
about your service to the country as you
just bragged about all of your design
or clothes it's so the fact that you
can't see that as unbelievable but the
thing that this is that's a tiny thing
compared to you know how much we've
given in taxes do you know how your
husband made the money that he
quote-unquote earned oh I do okay can I
go ahead let her know okay as you guys
know housing issues strike a nerve with
me and Steve minuchin and his group of
billionaire investor cronies bought a
failing bank in California known as
IndyMac now when they purchased IndyMac
they decided to rename it one west bank
which continues to be a big bank in
California maybe other states as well
but what one West did was pretty
terrible because it initiated over
40,000 foreclosures here in California
and court documents indicate that they
did a lot of illegal things in order to
speed up the foreclosure process on
people who shouldn't have even been
foreclosed on so for instance they did
manage to foreclose on 36,000 homeowners
in California they refused to modify
loans for people who qualified for those
loan modifications meaning hey we're
having a tough time paying this mortgage
based on the way that it's structured
but we qualify to restructure this loan
so we can make our mortgage payments and
keep our home well one blood bank
basically gave them the middle finger
and refused to modify those loans okay
you might think well that's their
prerogative if they don't want to do it
that's fine well let me continue
they also apparently told people that
they were gonna get extensions to pay
their mortgages and then literally a
couple days later they would foreclose
on the homes or put it up for auction
they also illegally backdated documents
to speed up the foreclosure process so
for instance you're supposed to get 90
days to make your mortgage payment right
of course you're gonna be late after 30
but you you are given 90 days after that
if you fail to pay your mortgage you're
given an additional 21 days before
can give you notice that they will put
the home up for auction and they
purposely illegally backdated documents
to speed up the process so people
weren't given the time that they're
legally supposed to be given before
their homes get foreclosed and only
you're being fair they were actually you
call it illegally back dating documents
I call it sacrificing for your country
they did they really did sacrifice for
the country I mean I'm sure that Steve
minuchin and his wife Louise really
cared about all those homeowners who
lost their homes in California
nonetheless deplorable was the accurate
hashtag to use in in response to
Louise's post now let me give you some
more for response to Jenny Miller
she said I'm pretty sure we paid more in
taxes toward our day trip than you did
pretty sure the amount we sacrifice per
year is a lot more than you'd be willing
to sacrifice if the choice was yours I
mean to be fair to Linton she did
sacrifice quite a bit to live the
lifestyle that she lives I mean she did
end up marrying Steve minuchin damn
shots fired okay so it's not your choice
like she makes the taxes seem like
they're voluntarily paying it I'm sure
you wouldn't sacrifice like we had well
no she wouldn't have a choice in your
and I would be shocked if your husband
didn't use every loophole in the book to
get out of taxes as much as possible you
want to open up that can of warrants you
sure he doesn't have any accounts in the
Cayman Islands mr. sacrifice for the
country so it doesn't matter look they
foreclosed on a house because a woman
was worth 30 a grandmother was like 30
cents
yep past 2 she's trying to page 37 she
made a mistake when she paid her
mortgage apparently and was short
30-something cents and Steve minuchin
company crushed her and took her house
from her right sacrifice for the country
and this woman walks out and all these
fancy scarves that I don't even know how
to pronounce and the shoes with
whatever's in them and then all these
bags and everything like that
she's a guy so glamorous I can't be
Kentucky beautiful countryside look at
all the things I'm wearing huh
you didn't pay as much taxes as I did
and Louise let's get real as you did so
I have to I have to give you one other
version of her response to this woman in
Oregon Oregon
she said you're adorably out of touch
your life looks cute oh go chill out and
watch the new Game of Thrones it's fab I
just can't with these people you're
you're gonna accuse someone else of
being out of touch now look I get it you
know you're gonna get criticism on
social media sometimes it gets under
your skin it upsets you I can understand
that but you're punching down and to say
that she's out of touch when you're the
one bragging about your like thousand
dollars scarf or whatever it costs in
Kentucky how many people in Kentucky
can't afford that scarf so and look now
and it's the I'm gonna be a little bit
of a bad guy you're gonna be shocked to
find out that she's Steve minuchin
second wife
I actually was a little surprised I was
thinking third or fourth and he's 54 and
she's 36 she's an actress
but maybe she earned all those scarves
and shoes with the acting career that
she was on CSI CSI New York once okay I
mean I'm sure she made a lot of money
and now she's independently wealthy
right and I'm sure this she married
Steve minuchin because he's such a
looker and or for other reasons you know
and and and so is so cute oh but your
life in Organists so adorable hey by the
way you think you were going to like the
State Fair and Kentucky or something no
they were going to visit Fort Knox that
holes are two hundred billion dollars in
gold reserves if you know Steve minuchin
in his career he's probably going to see
how can I get my hands on this adorbs
you'd have one more thing to say today
this afternoon I hope you have the
apology she did apologize go ahead you
can read yeah
I apologize for my post on social media
yesterday as well as my response it was
inappropriate and highly insensitive in
a statement signed minuchin Antoinette
watch the young turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
