condemned in the strongest possible
terms hatred and bigotry on all sides as
opposed to immediately picking a side
also ought be called out just like the
violent aspects of black lives matter
ought be called out can I tell you this
I am so uncomfortable having this
conversation what is behind this hatred
of law enforcement there is a war on cop
is very real and it's very dangerous
supreme organization to all of this
designed to basically tear our country
in two right now in a way that is
destructive and unhealthy police
officers walking the streets doing their
jobs they feel that resentment they feel
that hate for simply doing their jobs
this is not a racist country and how
dare they go around making all those
accusations okay so let me get this
straight to Fox and Friends in good old
Tabasco lobotomy who joined them when
Nazis in the KKK March in
Charlottesville incite violence and
preach ethnic cleansing which led to
Heather Hales death both sides have to
be held accountable yep both sides on
many shots both sides all sides this was
not just the Nazis fault all right but
when people protest the unlawful and
unjust killing of black Americans
officers are just doing their job it's a
war on cops and there is no argument to
be had translation white supremacists
and neo-nazis have a point but those
outraged that black Americans being
killed don't they should just simply sit
by as officers do their job for simply
doing their job oh you mean like this
oh all right let's not jump the gun
let's hear them out and see if they
touch on at least one case of police
brutality that may perhaps have played a
role in you know inciting the one way
protest they are talking about since
they are all about both sides perhaps
they will mention falando Casteel when
your house gets robbed call a protesters
or what about ten scruncho police
officers have been disrespected
unfortunately for eight years Tamir rice
jordan edwards nothing so basically
white supremacists get the courtesy of a
two sides debate but when discussing
police brutality there is no mention of
cases where officers may not have been
just doing their job that's a little
one-sided wouldn't you say to have four
white panelists sit and discuss police
brutality as a one-sided war on cops
with no discussion or reference to the
concerns that opponents of police
violence are raising a bit maybe I'm
just giving you case too much credit and
expecting rational discourse right after
all this is a show in which hosts cry
when they are there I said asked to
discuss racial inequality do you manage
to make this about you poor souls what
about them and partner this with the
peroxide death eater who by the way
actually treats black lives matter worse
than the KKK seeing as she gives the
Cline the both sides treatment while she
won't even entertain the criticism
lodged by black lives matter against
police put them both together and you
just have a good old-fashioned hypocrisy
ridden fallacious attempt to perpetuate
a false narrative with no factual
evidence to deflect attention away from
the emboldened white supremacist you
give a voice to now let me just be
brutally honest how is it humanly
possible to wake up in the morning watch
what happened in Charlotte's Tosi Nazi
flags flowing side by side with the
star-spangled banner by the way the flag
that you claim is being disrespected by
heights of : Catholic and Beyonce then
get in front of a camera to defend
humanize and acquaint Nazis by claiming
there are two sides to every debate only
two then describe police brutality as a
non-issue as a made-up symbol of
oppression police officers have become
in some areas this symbol of oppression
which is so wrong with no discussion
about why people are saying black lives
matter it's foul how can you look at the
case of Jordan it was a 12 year old boy
with his whole life in front of them
mother at the hands of police and claim
there is no grounds for outrage that
there is no oppression it is an
absolute outrage to say that falando
Castillo's family and those who want to
see justice cells when a man is shot and
killed at point-blank range
that they are redundant that they have
no case that they are just inciting a
war on cops because that's what you're
doing you foul-mouthed bigoted morons
surely you can see that I have said
countless times that police officers are
some of the bravest individuals to walk
myself and I condemn anyone who would
paint them all with a broad brush they
have an almost impossible job no one's
denying that but what you are denying is
that there is an issue with police
brutality which is frankly horrifying
especially after you've got on national
television and deflected blame away from
neo-nazis Jesus Christ I've said it
before and I'll say it again for Tamaran
the back just because you love something
and respect it does not mean you can't
criticize it and have to give it a pass
turning a blind eye to issues that
result in American bodies in the street
is frankly the most on American thing
you can do hypocrites
follow me on instagram at francis m Maxo
and on twitter also at Francis and
Maxwell like and share the video please
continue to resist
