German police have arrested two
individuals in connection to ecstasy
pills that are shaped to appear like
Donald Trump's head these ecstasy pills
are also orange which is a fitting color
now these two Austrians were arrested
after police pulled five bags filled to
the brim with karat coloured ecstasy
pills made in the likeness of President
Trump now the fear of ecstasy pills or
MDMA on the streets is that it is
unregulated you don't know what it's cut
with and it could lead to severe health
ramifications possibly even brain damage
I will tell you right now that anything
shaped in the head of Donald Trump is
likely to give you some sort of brain
damage
police found five thousand pills saying
that they had a street value of around
forty five thousand eight hundred
dollars so I look I'm if I'm gonna take
ecstasy okay don't do it I mean done if
you want to take ecstasy I don't care
but don't take this ecstasy no first of
all this is why you should legalize
drugs because whether you take ecstasy
or now it should be your choice it
especially if you live in a free country
and you should know what's in it so you
know that somebody didn't poison you I'm
gonna take X off the streets of wherever
in the shape of trumps head I'm not
gonna do that right so on the other hand
you know people who do take a lot of X
you might protect them from something
that's really dangerous or you might
make it uncool because they got to go to
a government building to buy it right so
but if you were gonna take X and you
want to go crazy
taking a trump pill seems like sub sense
it'll make you crazy can you mess like
it let's let's think about Trump EDM
music like raving bottles would be like
right yeah okay no I are you kidding me
I already kind of want to take it do
come across this type of drug on the
streets there are testing kits to test
how pure they are
please don't take them off
the streets and if you do again test
them and make sure that their imagine me
on that like you guys are a mess
you're not winning I'm winning I'm gonna
be waiting from now on okay
that's what we're gonna do I'm gonna I'm
gonna take I'm gonna take this pill
until your head spins it's gonna make
your head spin it's gonna be amazing
what would it be like to have nothing in
your head at all if you liked The Young
Turks you'll love Young Turks membership
TYT Network dot-com sighs join
