Donald Trump's doing a rally in Phoenix
tonight one of the issues that people
are concerned about is is he going to
pardon Sheriff Joe Arpaio now Arpaio is
a criminal and a thug he's been
convicted he's feeling his conviction
now but you know apparently Trump
doesn't believe in the rule of law so if
you're a criminal but you're his
political ally he's seriously
considering pardoning you and and
there's a lot of drama around that let
me fill you in on some of it first of
all we go to the hill they report the
president has mused publicly about
pardoning Joe Arpaio the controversial
former sheriff of Maricopa County
Arizona and an early Trump supporter who
was found guilty in a Justice Department
investigation of racially profiling
Latinos Arpaio was found guilty of
contempt of court after he continued the
practices so it doesn't get any clearer
than this a judge said you are not
allowed to do that you're breaking the
law and since you're the sheriff it's
even worse because you're supposed to be
upholding the law and said you're
breaking it needs to go y'all break it
again
I don't care about your stinking was
what Amaya Sheriff yes that's actually
what you were so they found him in
contempt of court and he is guilty but
Donald Trump nonetheless has said quote
I am seriously considering a pardon for
Sheriff Arpaio he has done a lot in the
fight against illegal immigration he's a
great American patriot and I hate to see
what has happened to him so it Trump
says if you protest them at one of your
well at one of his rallies which is
something they're very concerned about
in Phoenix tonight he says Oh take him
out on a stretcher I remember the good
old days when we would do that he
encourages people to commit acts of
violence in the crowd and he says I'll
pay your legal bills and then pretends
to be for the rule of law but when you
have a law breaker and one that's been
adjudicated as such he goes off that
rule breaker I love that guy rule of law
is just kidding that doesn't apply to my
friends wait till you see their
financial crimes all right a
representative Ruben Gallego who's a
United States representative from
Arizona said our piyo quote shouldn't be
let off the hook for his crimes just so
Trump can win
quote some bonus points with his most
racist supporters and and that is
exactly right and it's not surprising
that after Charlotte's ville Donald
Trump now is holding a political rally
in Phoenix which is already insensitive
enough I mean if Obama within a week of
a incredibly divisive moment like that
and after he'd said outrageous things
about it decided to hold a cheerleading
rally for himself
imagine what conservatives would have
said about it but on top of that he's
gonna sprinkle a little bit of racism in
here by our piyo was found guilty of
discriminating against Latinos and
Trump's copa Bravo Bravo
way to hate on those Latinos that's my
kind of guy even though he's guilty I'm
saying you're pardoning him see gee I
wonder if that'll add to the division in
Phoenix and in Arizona and in the whole
country he doesn't care in fact let me
go further and amend that statement he
does care he wants the division he
thrives on that division he thinks
that's how he won the election so now
we've done some original reporting on
this and Andrew Jones from TYT politics
has the story here he first of all
explains the 85 year old sentencing
that's Arpaio is set for October 5th and
he faces up to six months in prison now
likely he won't get any prison time
anyway but he's worrying about his
sterling reputation what names so I
would love to see him go to prison in
the same way that he sent all those
people the old school outfits and the
pink underwear you say Oh Jen come on
don't be crass putting that poor guy in
pink on her way that's what he did to
others if you were a criminal in
Maricopa County you that's what you had
to wear Sheriff Joe is that a juke
adjudicated criminal in that County now
he's convicted at the federal level so
of course they'll treat him way more
humanely than he ever treated any of his
detainees so Andrew goes on a report
since Arpaio was convicted in federal
court he would need a pardon from Trump
to avoid time behind bars so this is an
issue for Trump so can he pardon him
well let's go to that in order to
request a pardon officially a convict
must have spent five years in jail after
the date of his or her sentencing before
filing for clemency according to
Department of Justice
pardon guidelines what the maximum you
get is six months he hasn't even gotten
that he's gotten the sentence he hasn't
I'm sorry he's gotten a conviction he
hasn't even gotten the sentence yet let
alone serve it let alone for five years
so why are we even having a discussion
about pardon partly cuz Donald Trump has
no idea how the laws of this country
work if he just asked one person at the
White House he would have found out what
Andrew Jones found out and he would be
done with this conversation but that's
not nearly oh look at all these
requirements for pardons none of which
Sheriff Joe has met so then the filing
is delivered to the Justice Department's
pardon attorney who may take months or
years to actually review a petition no
filing has ever been sent to that person
under normal pardon petition
circumstances the Department of Justice
pardon attorney would obtain clemency
cases from u.s. district attorneys who
think a case merits a possible pardon in
this case no US District Attorney has
asked for it the pardon attorney would
then review all petitions for executive
clemency he has not done so investigate
the cases not done it and then purport
quote prepares a report and
recommendation for submission to the
president none of these things have
happened but the conversation about a
pardon for Sheriff Joe is based on pure
ignorance yes the president's ignorant
of the facts Andrew goes on to say that
a pardon is normally granted on the
basis of the petitioners demonstrated
good conduct for a sustained period of
time after conviction and service of
sentence none of which have happened he
is not in jail he didn't get to serve
any time good or otherwise and has not
earned any of that credit in addition a
pardon petitioner should be admit guilt
accept responsibility and quote be
genuinely desirous of forgiveness rather
than vindication well sheriff joe arpaio
does not admit guilt in fact he's in the
middle of an appeal now this is
preposterous this is I've never seen a
case that did not merit a pardon more
than this partly cuz we can't even get
to that question there's a thousand
things that have to happen beforehand
you can't just pardon someone with a
tweet so what one
a set of pardon requirements that is why
it's so hard to pardon people do you
know that Obama left 10,000 petitions
for pardons on his desk when he left
which i think is actually outrageous but
it takes so long and and he didn't
prioritize it and so he left all those
for Trump you think those are gonna
happen no if you're a guy who got busted
for pot smoking pot you're serving a
gigantic period of time because of three
strikes or otherwise you've already
served way more than five years trumps
never gonna get to you but a political
buddy of his that hasn't gone through
any of the process ago of you know
pardoning him oh how about a partner
right away
here's more requirements consultation
with relevant officials including the
prosecutor and the judge Trump clearly
has not done that
giving victims a chance to comment on
the proposed pardon laughs along with me
can you imagine Trump well I'd like to
invite those Latinos in Maricopa County
that Sheriff Joe discriminating yes okay
so let let me hear you out okay
consideration of the impact on victims
restitution to the criminals victims
that I'm really looking forward to after
Sheriff Joe admits he's guilty serves
time for you know what I'll forgive the
five-year rule normally am I not
merciful okay let's say you did five
months I think you're begging for
forgiveness and you go to your victims
and apologize to them personally then
we'll consider your part finally we go
to Kumar Rao who's a lawyer at the
Center for popular democracy he says
with thousands of legitimate petitions
collecting on his desk
Trump's pardon of a political ally in
Arpaio would be a disgraceful act that
deeply undermines the rule of law
apparently Donald Trump earlier today
read this article that TYT put out
explaining what the rules of the pardons
are because Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
others at the White House are now
telling the press okay fine he won't
pardon Sheriff Joe tonight
Wow in other words it might be a mess in
Phoenix and you might really set people
on edge and create emotions and be a
dangerous situation if he pardons them
tonight at the rally but they
specifically said he's not going to be
parting him for today so he's still very
much considering it and has said
publicly that he wants to do it without
putting one second of thought into how a
pardon actually works you said it right
there saying it publicly that's all this
is about
remember the LGBT ban on military or the
investigation to President Obama
wiretapping him during the campaign and
since he's been in office and all
whatever else he's made up this is
another instance of hey let me feel
small red meat out there I'll just say
it after people keep talking about it
because the next thing I say the next
three days is gonna take over that news
cycle people are gonna forget that last
thing I just said and all I did was
galvanize this random support for
stupidity amongst his base of supporters
who I think the number was 55% said no
matter what he does
60% no matter what he does they will
never change their mind on what
President Trump will do cuz it's things
like this in their brains
oh he's slowly gonna part in drone pilot
after doesn't happen they don't care
they're not thinking about Joe Arpaio
they're thinking about a way for him to
have some kind of a gotcha to the
establishment and then the LGBT ban they
haven't thought about it since they
don't actually care it's the moment of
yeah he's a badass
do what every once rebel stick it to the
man and he's the man by the way I keep
forgetting
he is establishment so it's it's it
galvanized these people to have their
stupid support of him and put out
Twitter memes or Facebook memes about
how much they love him when they know
he's not actually doing anything there's
no backup to any of this yeah I like the
idea that 60% of like no matter what he
does I'm gonna support Donald Trump what
if he comes in that's fine that's fine
I'm a cook I'm a beta I know it'll be a
catastrophe but I'll deal with it you
know he did that in the campaign if you
know I don't know if you remember some
guy had dressed up like him and then he
called him up on stage he's like oh this
is funny I like it oh I like your wife
though she looks hot and the cooks are
like oh yes your leader of course of
course anything you want Dear Leader
okay and chair is exactly right you know
that when he did that transgender
military BAM
and it was on Twitter they asked the
head of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff the next day and
it's like there's no such order you
can't order a change at the Pentagon
through a tweet you have to go through a
process we haven't gone through that
process this thing doesn't exist Trump
doesn't he didn't even ask for us to
start that process so no they're not
banned right now
you know that two chairs for did you
know that the transgender folks in
America are not banned from the military
it was just a stupid tweet they never
applied it now they might later but they
haven't yet and so he doesn't care and
doesn't know and doesn't care that he
can't pardon Sheriff Joe these are cool
cares I'll just say it now get the races
to back me mission accomplished who
cares about the reality and if Sheriff
Joe goes to jail later what's he care
about Sheriff Joe so that's how this
game is played and if you're one of
those cooks who likes this game okay but
be careful what you wish for you might
be coming to your house next help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
