yesterday on the program we told you
about how the Secret Service is
overstretched in fact their director
Randolph Randolph Tex Alice says that
once thousand of his Secret Service
agents have already tapped out on all
the regular shifts and their overtime so
he needs Congress to authorize more pay
otherwise we're gonna run out a Secret
Service agent part of it is totally
understandable Donald Trump its families
a little bit larger than other families
so under Obama they take care of 31
people under Trump they have to take
care of 42 people nothing you could do
about that nothing wrong with that
now his kids are grown so a lot most of
them are grown so they travel for
business a lot so that adds to the
expense now that's a little annoying but
not much you could do about that either
Melania has decided to stay with the
younger kid in New York at least during
the school year that creates a giant
expense because then you have to secure
all of Trump Tower you care is something
you could do about that but people don't
want to nitpick the younger kids
schooling etcetera and I understand that
so but then when you get into his travel
costs ah
it's preposterous he's gone tomorrow
Lagos seven times because he just loves
to golf and take time off and of course
that's the thing that he criticized
President Obama for every time he goes
tomorrow logo cost taxpayers at least
three million dollars so he on Golf Cart
rentals alone that Trump is charging
American taxpayers for when Secret
Service have to use it to protect him at
his golf course you and I have paid
sixty thousand dollars for those just
the golf carts alone and I'm not even
talking about Bedminster where he's gone
there five times I'm not talking about
his Virginia property which he's gone to
all these costs rounding up but the
there's another part of the story today
which is really interesting and so
Cristina Wilkie broke this story she's a
reporter for Center for Public Integrity
and apparently people associated with
the Secret Service reached out to her
and here's what her sources said to her
I also she tweets that I also hear out
here from multiple sources that Secret
Service agents
are at their end of their rope sick of
being treated like servants by Trump
damn she went on to say source says
quote Clinton treated United States
Secret Service agents like friends Bush
treated them with great respect Obama
like family
Trump treats them like servants by the
way just pause there how realistic does
that sound
and again there's Republicans and
Democrats there so you can see Baba
Palin around with the Secret Service now
don't tell them about the girls hey
you can see how Obama would try to bring
them in his family and Bush would treat
them with respect you can totally see it
can you not see how Trump would treat
them as servants of course he can't even
make that distinction so let me just
finish up one more here she says
specifically I've been told that Trump
doesn't respect their hours and shifts
and expects agents to fetch things for
him both damaging morale you think Trump
is sophisticated and respectful enough
to go oh no no this is this is not my
errand boy this is a professional whose
job is to protect my life I should
respect his job I should respect his
hours alright look for some of you maybe
you think of course he's great bright
but he's brought great morality to the
office not like to Obama's I'm sure that
he's you know salutes the Secret Service
every day and knows exactly what their
jobs are a couple kakaako going you
can't even keep up that pretense so now
we have int inside sources saying now
he's ordering things with them and
telling them to go fetch stuff that's
not their job but that trumps view of
the world is are you rich and powerful
if you are you're a 1 you exist
I will respect you Oh Carl Icahn you
came to rip off the government desmet oh
girl I got all your so rich oh right oh
the generals the generals oh I see
something earlier ball look at all their
stars
oh he kept in my eye like this solar
eclipse so those guys he respects
everybody else zeroes one or zero it's
binary and so you know he said earlier
okay poor people of my government
because the idea is they're losers they
didn't make it they're not winners like
himself who inherited 200 million
dollars from his dad so the Secret
Service they fall in the category of
servants you're here to serve me whether
it's to catch a bullet for me Oh two two
two two
oh the thought of anyone losing their
life for Trump that's I mean among the
thousand reasons why you should never
commit violence let alone it your
political opponents because Trump's not
gonna catch that bull that poor guy the
Secret Service who Trump probably made
him go get him a diet coke or something
is gonna catch it so uh never ever ever
think about that anyway so these guys
have an unenviable job to begin with and
apparently Trump has made it far worse
because he has no respect for anything
outside of cold hard cash if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network dot-com sighs
join
