so you all know what happened in
Charlottesville now there's been some
fallout for some of the people who
participate there were in a public event
they were happy to publicize it they
were all bragging about how they were
gonna unite the right and they went out
there with their torches and their signs
and their flags and and flew them
proudly well it's now come back to bite
some of them and I want to give you
context and where I think it makes sense
and where I'm a little concerned that
we're not headed in the right direction
when we look for some sort of
retribution or Consequences for the
people who are at these rallies mind you
I know a lot of them were neo-nazis in
the Klan and white nationalists so what
I'm asking for is proportionality and
for us to all look at this with as much
care as we can so there's one case as
guy name is Nicolas Fuentes he goes to
Boston University now a couple of guys
got pointed out that go to two public
universities there's Washington State
University there's one in Reno Nevada
and public universities can't do
anything about it you have freedom of
speech and and that is assured by the
government and hence they cannot take
action against those students whether
they should is a different and
interesting question but private
universities can do anything they want
and so Fuentes apparently got kicked out
of his University in Boston so was a
private one yeah now in Inside Higher Ed
they write Fuentes who denied being a
white nationalist and said he rejects
Nazism said the rally was about
protesting immigration multiculturalism
and post-modernism now if that's all you
saw about foreign testa's opinions or
this rally you might say oh come on
that's so unfair you could have
different opinions about immigration and
multiculturalism and not be kicked out
of your university hold let's give you
more context he says four entities
himself says the rally was about not
replacing white people now if you're not
familiar with white nationalist talk
that sounds really confusing him what do
you mean not replacing white who's
looking to replace white people and what
do we replace them with because that's
not actually how progressives think and
so that's
it's a bizarre ideology that that
somehow somebody's trying to replace you
where would we put you anyway but when
you look at what they were chanting in
charlottesville you begin to understand
what he's saying and he's gonna clarify
it himself - this from a vice
documentary a really great one on what
happened there this is the beginning of
that documentary we'll have the link
down below for the whole thing about
what day in fact we're chanting on
Friday night let's watch
come on if you read that rally you knew
exactly what was going on
hey the tortures in a white nationalist
get together in the middle of the night
it was kind of a dead giveaway let alone
blood and soil the Nazi chant but you
will not replace this was confusing
until they got that the Jews will not
replace us and I was like oh that's
where they're going with this which
brings us back to Fuentes he says you
can call us racist white supremacists
Nazis and bigots you can disavow us on
social media from your cushy campus
reform job
but you will not replace us the rootless
transnational elite knows that a tidal
wave of white identity is coming and
they know that once the word gets out
they will not be able to stop us the
fire rises so let me assure you that his
University kicking him out did not lead
me to shed a tear so this guy could
easily create a hostile environment on
campus he is unlikely to have a healthy
relationship with the rest of the
student body depending on their views
and apparently their race or their
religion so you know I'm not saying that
I would have made the same decision but
I certainly find the decision
understandable and justifiable given
concerns that the people who went to
this rally chanted the things that you
just saw and of course there was actual
violence and Heather hire was killed and
19 others injured now for I just didn't
do that but he participated in these
hateful chance in this hateful rally in
the first place now I think the next
case is a little more difficult it
involves a guy named Alan Armentrout who
is a bit of a character he believes in
the Confederacy and he has a particular
take on it that I want to share with you
in a second but and he didn't he was did
not attend those rallies he came later
to defend the robert e lee statue and
let me show you one more picture he got
a lot of people who were not happy with
him including that lady in that picture
in fact we've got a video of other
people chanting and calling him in SS a
terrorist let's take a look at how they
need to know that what they fought for
wasn't slavery or oppression off
thank you sir
for
doing what you asked
can walk out of the park for yourself
huh so proud and brave you want another
day like Saturday don't you
you should be sure you have what is on
your hand no not mine
okay this one's a lot more complicated
first of all I just I got a comment on
what happened at the end of that video
at that point we already know that
someone's been killed that and it has
been called by almost everyone in
government outside of Donald Trump as an
act of domestic terrorism cluding the
Justice Department so that's why they're
chanting about terrorists go home
and when the cop says you want another
Saturday to a counter protester to
someone who was fighting against fascism
well that's not helpful that sounds like
he's saying that it was the counter
protesters fault and and that's why she
gets frustrated at the end so that and
look you're putting him in the cop car I
don't know that he broke any laws they I
think they were just trying to get him
safely out of that area and not cause
any more trouble I don't blame him for
that at all I don't blame the cops for
that at all on the other hand is there a
little bit of white privilege here you
think that if there was a rally where
some black or Muslim radical let's call
it Muslim because you you you all are
gonna agree to this a Muslim radical had
run somebody over in an act of domestic
terrorism had injured 90 people killed
somebody and then someone supporting
that Muslim radical shows up the next
day with a giant weapon did you see that
weapon on him and then he had a hang on
to and the cops go
oh no that's perfectly okay yeah yeah
yeah you're just saluting the the rally
that just happened where that person was
murdered that's totally fine no keep
your weapon on you no big deal oh we're
gonna put you in the cop car if you
don't mind put the longer weapon in the
back but you can keep your handgun on
you while you drive with the cops that's
not how it would have gone down and you
know it you think they would have let a
guy supporting a Muslim terrorist go
into the car like that with weaponry let
alone protest out there for however long
he did no freaking way they would have
allowed that okay but again it's not
that clear-cut here in case of
trout as to what he believes he said
neo-nazis in the Ku Klux Klan were
distorting the history of the American
South and that lead generation who ever
lived
now that's less controversial and so I
don't agree with him at all on his
interpretation of history the
Confederacy was all about slavery and I
think that the client is kind of right
to say that it was about slavery they
just on the opposite side of me on that
issue they thought it was not so bad I
thought it was horrific as along with
almost all decent people in America our
Armentrout goes on to say they need to
know what they fought for
wasn't slavery or oppression just not
remotely true read the writings of the
people who declared war against America
who led the Confederacy they all say
that it was about slavery and your state
right to do what sell peaches no was
your state right to own slaves so I
think Armentrout is involved in insane
revisionist history but you get to be in
this country and he was he was saying
that he was disavowing the Klan and the
Nazis and that they had misinterpreted
his love and other people's love for the
Confederacy I don't think you should
have that love in the first place but
it's a different point altogether I
would not have kicked him out of school
for that now it's a private school they
get to do whatever they want and it's a
Pensacola Christian College I mean it
can it's the story is so fascinating as
so many angles because on the one hand
you have evangelicals in this country
like Jerry Falwell Jr going on TV to
defend Trump saying oh no he was right
about his both sides comment that is not
the Christian thing to say when you had
an act of domestic terrorism where a
Nazi killed somebody in America so Jerry
Falwell is a hideous person here is a
Christian college going the opposite
direction wanting to make sure that they
protect all Americans and they are
trying to do the Christian thing but I
think they might have gone too far I
think that armentrout although I
completely disagree with them it has an
opinion that is not worthy of expulsion
from a university now and
anyone who watches the show knows I have
great enormous disdain for the
Confederacy but we should be allowed to
disagree with one another as long as it
didn't what happened in Charlottesville
doesn't happen again I think it's
horrible judgment on his part - then go
salute the statue today after someone
dies but and we're gonna ask you guys in
a second we're gonna have a poll
question about whether it's the right
thing to do or not but that's my take
here's another one I don't agree with
Richard Spencer and outspoken white
supremacists who attended the unite to
right rally and Jason Kessler who
organized it both hold degrees from the
University of Virginia a petition is
circulated in recent days with more than
9,000 signatures calling on the
institution to revoke their degrees I
don't think their degrees should be
revoked so they actually did go to
University of Virginia whether we like
it or not and they did get that degree
in that that ship has sailed
so if you attended the UVA as some of
our hosted well that sucks
you know you don't want these kind of
literal neo-nazi in the case of Richard
Spencer and these hateful guys like
Jason Keller who had to delete his
account by the way after implying that
Heather hire deserve what she got that
she was a woman who was murdered by the
Nazi I mean these are terrible terrible
guys but you can't undo history so
Donald Trump for example went to the
school I went to we both went to Penn we
both went to the business school what do
revoke his degree cuz he's a moron
I mean look was there corruption in him
going that his daddy get him in when his
grades were probably miserable I'd love
to see his transcript from Fordham when
he transferred into Penn here did he
have straight A's I bet you any amount
of money his great areas report card was
a mess he wasn't winning with it I'm
positive I'm not positive you'd have to
get the transcripts to be positive I
believe that it was his dad who got him
in to that school nonetheless my
corruption at that time existed - this
some to some degree it exists today so
it is what it is and I don't think we
should be taking away people's degrees
and in fact let's let me ask hey sue if
you can't bring up the pole and then I'm
gonna give you one case that's clear on
the other side where you actually do
have to
action but what we want to ask you guys
and it's tea white tea network.com slash
food it is should you be kicked out of
college for going to the Charlottesville
rally you saw the the chance there
so again Armentrout didn't go to that
rally he didn't hold a torch and he
didn't chant the Nazi chants
so I think he's a separate situation but
if you go to the rally is that good
enough for a private university to kick
you out I think it's a really
interesting question and I'm curious
what you guys think
okay now final case doesn't have to do
with the universities it has to do with
a cop who was supporting these guys
online same is phil ryan he's a Texas
police officer and he put up online
something that he called a public
service announcement
he said criminal mischief vandalism is a
crime referring to people taking down
the Confederate monuments so let's say
someone is defacing or destroying a
monument or a statue not that it happens
just the hypothetical that would be
criminal mischief under Texas Penal Code
so far none of this is controversial you
know whether it's actually criminal
mischief or not is something for the
courts to adjudicate okay that's like
his opinion man the fact that he's a cop
is relevant but so far not bad but then
he goes on to say chapter 9 for two
states deadly force to protect property
a person is justified in using deadly
force against another to protect land or
tangible movable property oh now that's
a cop saying if you see someone touching
a Confederate Monument shoot him if that
wasn't clear enough he goes on and say
bottom line if someone is destroying a
monument or statue that isn't theirs you
can defend it by force during the day
with deadly force at night okay see
that's a completely different situation
now we're talking about a cop whose job
is to protect all of us and he's
encouraging vigilante justice boom right
there already completely unacceptable
for a cop he goes on to say at the end
just a little tip from your Uncle Phil
no dude you're not my uncle you're a
police officer you're paid by all of us
to protect all of us so that's an easy
and clear line I think you should be
fired immediately for encouraging people
to shoot and execute people for what he
had
it is a misdemeanor criminal mischief
that you should not you should not be
shooting people for that and encouraging
that kind of violence as a cop is
clearly over the line
look these are not easy issues for all
of us to grapple with if you're a decent
person you don't like anybody at that
rally you don't agree with Donald Trump
that there was quote very fine people at
that rally
you know what those chants meant and you
know the actions that came from that and
I think pursuing the field's who's a
terrorist who allegedly ran over Heather
hire is the least we can do
firing cops who encourage vigilante
justice and shooting fellow citizens is
very sensible and we'll see if Texas
takes that action in the case of Phil
Ryan but when it comes to guys like
Armentrout where they're expressing an
opinion that is deeply unpopular and one
that I agreed to disagree with a hundred
percent I'm not sure that that's
something that you should expel someone
over so it's super hard to figure out at
what point they encourage violence at
what point they become an a force on
campus that creates more disruption and
potential violence and but just saying
someone has an opinion you don't agree
with even if it is a horrific opinion I
starts to cross the line I am
uncomfortable with so don't let them lie
to you about what happened at that rally
it's very clear what happened at that
rally the consequence of that is a
different question and one that I'm
literally asking you I'm very curious to
see how that poll comes out if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership TYT Network concise join
