listen you might be shocked to find this
out about me but I don't like bread
Cavanaugh I don't like the Federalist
Society either yeah I said it
he will undoubtably undo long fought for
civil liberties for women and maybe even
the LGBT community he will certainly
side with corporations against
working-class Americans oh he also
allegedly attempted to violently
sexually assault someone 35 years ago
Christine was he Ford her story was
revealed in the Washington Post
yesterday she alleges that back in high
school over 30 years ago that man Brett
Kavanaugh accosted her she was assaulted
35 years ago Brett Kavanaugh who's
slated to get a lifetime appointment for
one of the most powerful positions in
the United States drunkenly stumbled
into a room with his friend turned on
music to muffle the sounds of protests
tried ripping Christine's clothes off
and putting his hand over her mouth to
prevent her from screaming it's the
textbook definition of rape but here's
how Republicans have responded thus far
11th our effort to derail Brett
Kavanaugh Supreme Court nomination tells
you everything you need to know about
today's left wrong Laura Ingraham
Christine Ford talked about this with a
therapist all the way back in 2012 she
talked about this with her husband do
you really think she was concocting this
six years ago with the anticipation that
one day Brett Kavanaugh could become a
SCOTUS nominee 11th hour character
assassination 11th hour attempt to smear
slander besmirched the character of
Judge Kavanagh the only reason why this
came up so late in the process was
because the victim wanted anonymity she
reached out to Dianne Feinstein in the
Washington Post Dianne Feinstein kept it
a secret for god knows what reason and
only sent the letter to the FBI a couple
weeks ago after the intercept revealed
that there was a letter floating around
to begin with and then the FBI put the
letter back into Cavanaugh's background
file for the committee to see and this
entire time the accuser understandably
wanted to remain anonymous because she
had repressed her memory supposedly
until 2012 but it was when he was up for
the Supreme Court that suddenly the
stakes got higher if you were sexually
assaulted by someone and you saw their
name on a short list of Supreme Court
nominees I'm I'm sure you'd want the
people to know which is exactly what
Christine Blasi Ford did long before it
came up at the last hour somebody has to
know what her reputation was in school
was she known to be truthful vulnerable
honest about her former boyfriends yeah
I wonder why
victims have a hard time coming out this
is why they're now daxing the victim and
even falsely accusing her of bias with
fake conspiracy theories you have to
press her on any potential bias and it's
not even just dr. Ford Republican blogs
have been attacking other professors who
have the same name as her this is the
ruthless landscape you have to face as a
victim coming out against a powerful
person when you're anonymous you're
called a coward when you come out well
then this is her 15 minutes now let me
make something clear
I'm not asking the toss Brett Kavanaugh
in jail and throw away the key without a
trial but it's insane not to consider
this case especially when Kavanaugh is
slated to become one of the most
powerful men in the country who will
wield a swing vote in decisions that
impact all Americans for generations to
come
this isn't an zzz Ansari informed
consent debate this is the Supreme Court
and Republicans have been behaving real
shady around Cavanaugh's weird expenses
in history ever since he was put up for
the seat to begin with Mitch McConnell
definitely raised his concerns why else
do you think Republicans kept parading
how he's the coach of a basketball team
of girls before all this came out and
how he's respected and loved by all of
these women how else do you think
Republicans were able to secure the
testimony of 65 women only a couple
hours after the news broke also only two
of those character witnesses are still
willing to stand by their original
statements after the news broke
Republicans knew all of this the entire
time they knew that this would come up
and they gambled that you wouldn't care
in a remotely sane society Kavanagh s
nomination would be delayed until the
allegations could be examined and
receive a full vetting allowing senators
the vote after making a detailed
assessment of all available information
or we could just stick with the insanity
of evaluating Supreme Court nominees
based on how loud they're hyper partisan
hack supporters can scream your move
America I'm a sound biker at this video
outrages you please share it with your
friends and don't forget to leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
also for a longer conversation I'm live
on my twitch at twitch.tv slash Hasan
obby every single day and if you would
like to support independent media like
ours please go to TYT comm /join and
join TYT membership and this has been
the breakdown you like this video great
never miss another breakdown video by
hitting the subscribe button below and
also ring the bell to get notified
whenever we publish a new one
