Josh Whedon and his wife are
unfortunately divorcing after 16 years
of marriage now that's not something
that we typically talk about on the show
but the issue of feminism came up
because Whedon has gotten a lot of
recognition for his role of being what
he refers to as a male feminist right
now his soon-to-be ex-wife Kai Cole is
irritated with the fact that he
continues to take on that title
considering the fact that they're
divorcing because of his infidelity
so really the topic of discussion here
is is someone able to be a quote/unquote
feminist if he is mistreating the woman
in his life okay
so Kai Cole wrote this piece in the rap
an op-ed about her experience and I want
to give you a little portion of it just
so you kind of get where she's coming
from and then we can have a discussion
she writes that 15 years later 15 years
after they were married when he was done
with our marriage and finally ready to
tell the truth he wrote me when I was
running Buffy I was surrounded by
beautiful needy aggressive young women
it felt like I had a disease like
something from a Greek myth suddenly I'm
a powerful producer and the world is
laid out at my feet and I can't touch it
but he did touch it so let me give you a
little bit more
she writes when he walked out of our
marriage and was trying to make things
seem less bewildering to me to help me
understand how he could have lied to me
for so long he said in many ways I was
the height of normal in this culture
we're taught to be providers and
companions at the same time to conquer
and acquire specifically sexually and I
was pulling off both let's open up this
discussion okay so this is a super
uncomfortable discussion absolutely
first of all it's about their personal
lives and I in a sense I wish we weren't
discussing it at all because it's
between them and and I heard being super
mad at him after 15 years of cheating on
her is you know completely
understandable he put on a very brief
statement saying look some of this
comments in her editorial were
misleading but I'm just gonna leave it
at that for the sake of the kids and and
every
which is understandable so take
everything that's anyone says in a
divorce with a grain of salt on both
sides because I've seen people say
terrible terrible things and sometimes
they're not exactly right when they say
that the reason to have the discussion
is because it's an important and
interesting issue is it can you still be
a feminist if you're cheating on your
wife as an example and I think the
answer is yes and I think that she says
she's the last kind of person to made
this public but she felt she needed to
okay well I don't know I mean I don't
know why you I know why you thought you
needed to whether you're actually needed
to is a different question and I'm
trying desperately not to judge them as
people you know as to whether she should
have put this editorial in or not he
should have cheated on her or not yeah
my inclination is neither one of them
should have done that but but that's not
that important yeah I don't even want to
get into that right she made a decision
to write the piece she did it and it is
what it is he allegedly cheated on her
and I don't even want to get into the
details of that I don't care and I don't
think it should be you know something
that people get involved in and starts
judging people for but I do think it is
an interesting question as to whether or
not someone can be considered a
so-called feminist if he is cheating on
his wife and so look it's a tough
question right because she outlines some
of the emotional trauma
she suffered as a result of this and so
it seems like it would be impossible for
someone to be a feminist that they're
mistreating a woman but at the same time
here's the thing infidelity is one of
the top reasons why people divorce it
happens all the time and it happens
among average people in average
relationships
this is a celebrity someone who is very
closely connected to the entertainment
world and he's a man who has power so of
course there are gonna be people that
are gonna be throwing themselves at him
and I think most I think a lot of men
in those circumstances at some point
might make the mistake of cheating right
and so I don't want to go overboard and
like judge him and whatever but the
reality is yeah people cheat like the
idea of monogamy is a great idea but are
we as humans built to be monogamous for
the rest of our lives for the same part
with the same person so I don't think
that his feminism is necessarily closely
tied to his relationship I think you can
be a feminist and mess up time to time
and I think he messed up pretty royally
but I don't want to say that like
anything that he's done in fighting for
gender equality is now out the door
because of the fact that he cheated yeah
I think there's two issues here one is
around monogamy and feminism the other
one's about how we judge people overall
in societies so on that first issue that
Ana just addressed I'm with you and I
look monogamy is a hell of a thing and
and I feel really lucky and have great
peace of mind that that I I have not
cheated on my wife so I don't have the
stress nor have I put stress on her of
having to tell lie after lying for 15
years figure out wait was I supposed to
say that was I supposed to say this etc
but when other people do it I don't
judge them for it I mean are you guys
sure we're all meant to be monogamous
you're really sure that and so to me
that transgression is I'm not trying to
downplay because it involves heartbreak
oh yeah absolutely and and a ton of
emotions rightfully so and deceit right
but it is one of the most common human
foibles there is I don't think you take
away everything else that a person has
ever worked for
based on that I mean my absolute role
model hero is Martin Luther King there's
a good deal of evidence that he was not
monogamous so does that mean he
shouldn't get credit for the civil
rights era
that's insane there's good evidence FDR
was not perfectly monogamous does that
mean he shouldn't get credit for
uplifting tens of hundreds of millions
of Americans through the programs that
he did
that's insane there's no such thing as a
perfect human and we're all flawed we
all have our vices
and you know I'm not making excuses for
what happened but I will say that if we
judge people based on their worst
actions and then we just use that as our
outlook on them then no one is gonna
have a positive you know reputation
everyone has their negative moments
moments that they're embarrassed by are
humiliated of so there's that but the
one thing that I do want to call him out
on if it's true because remember this is
her perspective and this is her side the
only thing that he said is you know even
though there are a few inaccuracies here
I'm not gonna respond to it because out
of respect right but the one thing that
she accuses him of is blaming his
infidelity on the patriarchy essentially
saying like oh but society expects all
of this of men and because of these
expectations you know I faltered if he
really made those excuses come on
yeah really gonna blame the patriarchy
on that no no yeah I'm a thousand
percent with that on this one look dude
just leave it alone so again I don't
people say terrible things in a divorce
and don't know exactly what's true or
not true but if he said that that's a
preposterous statement no you did it cuz
you were horny don't give me this crap
about patriarchy and how it was
expectations that were no those
expectations came from your genetic
makeup it's not so there maybe I'm not
as liberal or progressive as other folks
where it's all the patriarchy sets the
society to some degree does no question
about that and so do our genetics and
our genetics are not perfectly
monogamous so you don't have to get into
the patriarchy to excuse your adultery
that's crazy talk now finally on the
second part of the conversation which is
how much should we judge people because
one of the requests she's making is that
he shouldn't get awards anymore for
feminism or anything but he but he did
do those things he did do those positive
things and he did put out positive
images in the media and so no I mean
look there are lines so Roman Polanski
rape underage girl ran from the law etc
you don't want to get Roman Polanski
Awards I get it right prosecute that's
well you mainly want to prosecute I mean
we could figure out about his awards
later or once he's in prison but if we
keep going down that ladder we get and
we say okay now take away the awards for
this and that person doesn't shouldn't
get recognized for the good works that
he did because of X Y Z we're all gonna
be eliminated yeah so absolutely I mean
think about you know you at your worst
and and having the entire world know
about that and then having that be like
what people use to judge your entire
character I mean it's unfair we're all
incredibly flawed myself included you're
flawed you're super flawed so you know
what I'm saying like I just I think
relationships are hard marriage is hard
I feel terribly for her because I could
imagine being in a situation like that
and feeling completely heartbroken by it
but again you know you at your worst is
not representative of who you are as a
person
yeah and look I don't I don't want
anybody to mistake what I'm saying
because I am heartbroken for her it's
the same thing that I criticized Bill
Clinton for look he shouldn't have been
impeached for it
but the lies that he made up just one it
kind of it in in Clinton's case they'd
attacked a woman that he had slept with
at pretending they were crazy but when
you continue to live for all those years
to your own spouse it makes her feel
like she's the crazy one Yeah right and
when in reality she was right all along
so I'm not minimizing the pain of that
I'm just saying if we get into that then
where there's no gettin out then because
we're all human and I liked a new
superhero title that Anna gave me I'm
super flawed I mean look I'll give you a
super benign example if you if all you
ever saw me was luckily no one
videotaped this was an argument that I
had was steve-o on a basketball court
we're the police we were so loud the
police had become oh my god yes it's
literally true okay you would think that
guys absolutely mental but that's not
the totality of me I hope that's a tiny
tiny tiny percentage of my life and my
character overall so I mean it's the
oldest thing in the book right
we all live in glass houses so let's be
a little bit careful where we throw
those stones if you liked this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network comm slash join
