a Florida man has been sentenced to 30
years in prison after he was found
guilty of being the quote/unquote CEO of
the purple drink so if you listen to rap
music you've probably heard a little bit
about the purple drink and apparently
there is a criminal element to it and it
involves harrison garcia the man who was
just sentenced to 30 years in prison now
according to federal prosecutors garcia
was responsible for pumping the south
florida music scene with the concoction
and it's a mix of promethazine with
codeine soda and Jolly Ranchers it's
also known as sizzurp and lean so this
is an amazing story I don't know I just
found it super fascinating because of
how incredibly dumb this criminal is
okay
so the reason why he got in trouble and
the reason why he got caught was because
he was bragging about it on Instagram
incessantly and so federal prosecutors
were like oh this guy we think he might
be tied to a string of robberies I'm not
robberies string of burglaries with you
know these drug stores in the South
Florida area
now the 27 year old relentlessly boasted
online referring to himself as the CEO
of purple drank and even sporting a
pendant featuring a diamond-encrusted
Styrofoam cup gee I wonder if he was
doing it I can't quite tell ya that's
what they drink purple drinkin I mean
the red cup right yeah it's styrofoam
cups overall I think it's those red cups
though no I've never had the purple
drink oh sure do you have a nice little
trick there yeah it actually sounds
pretty terrible you can find that a
party I don't want to fall asleep it
sounds like I'd fall asleep drinking up
but nonetheless I mean look I'm a square
but if you handed me something say like
no notice okay I made this at home I
call it purple drank and it's got drugs
in it I'm like yeah thanks but no thanks
okay I'm alright
somebody get me a Coke or a beer or some
vodka or whatever but I'm not drinking
that right so uh let's give you some
information about his Instagram page and
what he posted on their records provided
by Instagram pursuant to the search
warrant revealed direct messages sent
and received by Garcia in which Garcia
negotiate
with customers for the sale of
promethazine with codeine marijuana and
other controlled substances and also
agreed to provide the requested
narcotics they did go ahead and search
his home after his arrest Garcia
directed police to a stash house in
suburban Miami their law enforcement
found a fully loaded ak-47 assault rifle
a loaded Guzzi submachine gun and 3,000
Xanax pills I don't know why they think
that he might be doing something wrong
Oh apparently good police work to get
him to admit his stash house okay let me
tell you what I think he's guilty of a
not guilty of so and the burglaries have
proven where they go in and got the
material they needed for the purple
drank it's a 14 crew that doesn't even
involve him he's apparently the
ringleader the ringleader Ford so if
that's all proven out and as apparently
as it has been in trials yeah that's you
should go to prison for that no question
about it
I think that all drugs should be legal
so I think this is I wouldn't drink this
and it probably has done a decent
there's good theories as to how much
don't harm it's done in the in the music
industry to some of the people who who
drank it I think it is legal I don't
think this is a an illegal substance
well but but they're charging him with
you know selling it if it's perfectly
legal then he's allowed to sell it
well it's they're not necessarily chart
they didn't necessarily charge him for
selling it they charged him for stealing
the material and then and then sell
reselling it so look I I think in terms
of drugs the more legal we make all the
drugs the safer they're gonna be right
so if there's a legal way to do purple
drank and it doesn't kill people or
really harm them okay right and even if
it really harms them that's their call
to make I you know and but if it's
tightly regulated it's still better than
some schmuck in Miami was like I got
styrofoam cups for everybody right so
even if it's super dangerous we're
better off regulating it then
hosers in miami sell it left or right so
i don't know that he should go to jail
for anything other than the burglaries
you're saying that's the case anyway so
all right I guess mission accomplished
yeah based on what I what I've read
about him and would I know about him he
should be in prison you know you can't
first of all he had a bunch of illegal
weapons it's not just one thing it's not
like oh this guy just had you know an
inventory of cough syrup and whatever
Jolly Ranchers and he made this drink
and handed it out of parties that's not
what he did that's only a tiny part of
what he did it was you know being the
ringleader of these burglaries having
all of these illegal weapons that he
wasn't supposed to have possession of
all of these other prescription drugs
that he wasn't supposed to have
possession of those are the things that
he did that eventually led to him
getting charged and convicted yes so
there's a general charge that he got
convicted on called drug trafficking but
it might be for the things that you
could legally have but that he couldn't
legally have because he didn't have a
prescription for it so but the bottom
line is let's legalize everything so
this way safer don't trust a random dude
in Miami to give you a purple drink okay
and if you're gonna commit a crime don't
admit to it on Instagram don't brag
about it on Instagram not only it was
the stuff that he with the pictures in
the bragging but the orders the illegal
orders that he would fill he would DM on
Instagram which was a treasure trove of
confessions for the authorities exactly
so on the other hand if you're gonna be
a criminal do all thus the favor of
being as dumb as harrison Garcia if you
liked this video you'll love the whole
TYT Network check it out at TYT Network
com /join
