chris Christie's in a world of trouble
in New Jersey as you all know but this
is last term his popularity is dipped to
15% he's the least popular governor in
the country Sam Brownback of Kansas is
also so deeply unpopular they had to
make up a post from to taking the Trump
White House where he's supposed to be a
liaison for religion kind of at large
and chris Christie is even more popular
than Brownback but to run from his own
State in shame so where's he gonna run
to while I was thinking of doing a
sports talk radio there's a great up
data update on that today that's why I'm
giving you this story but let me just
quickly remind you of how it went when
he was on sports radio here's one
caller's interaction with governor next
time you want to sit on a beach that is
close to the entire world except you
yeah you put your fat ass in a car and
go everyone that's open to all your
considered well you know you know Mike I
love I love getting calls from communist
a month you know and listen I'm not the
one who came on the air hey hold on Mike
Mike I'm not the guy who came on the air
swore on the air you know you swearing
on the air Mike here you're you're a bum
look at your office every day buddy so
look I've business sports talk okay
especially when I was younger it seems
kind of mild or you curse on the air he
called you a fat ass I mean if we can't
call people fat asses on sports talk
radio let's just not have sports talk
radio so now he was trying out for Mike
Francesca's role at WFAN cos Francesco
stepping down at year's end
well news has come out on Saturday the
New York Daily News reported the New
Jersey Governor Chris Christie was no
longer being considered by WFAN to
replace departing sports radio icon Mike
Francesca years n oops couldn't even get
that job well
chris Christie then had to put out a
statement saying after considering the
other options that I have been presented
with for post gubernatorial employment I
I declined their request to do
additional Joe's turn me Danna I turned
them that I mean I didn't say that
earlier and I didn't never mentioned it
publicly or otherwise but but trust me
wasn't me it was that I turned them down
I got you oh that's so embarrassing
that's so wonderfully embarrassing by
the way you know if you want to be
successful media you also have to be
popular and chris Christie is burned or
closed down every Bridge there is and
has lost all of his popularity whatever
had they he had on the beginning and is
now jobless soon will be honorable overs
mansion and homeless not in the streets
I suspect is he did do right by his
donors but the fact that he can't find a
job anywhere is wonderful help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
