did you know Americans spend 36 billion
dollars every day and apparently
Americans choose whether they shop based
on such factors as cost and quality
capitalism what would it be great if
everyone could also know and factor in a
business approach towards the
environment and towards the workforce to
ensure that 36 billion dollars actually
does some good we know the cost of what
we buy and we increasingly can look for
the best quality products and services
thanks to reviews and ratings by Amazon
Yelp Trip Advisor's and others what we
don't know is how well the businesses we
hand over our money to treat the planet
and its people many large businesses
today are making record profits but it
can be at the expense of scorching our
planet or compensating workers so poorly
they can be bankrupted by one unexpected
illness well for the first time there's
a way to know exactly how good a company
is and support them by spending more
with them the best company score high on
sustainability which basically captures
whether a company just focuses on
profits or whether it also works on
improving its environmental impact and
how well it treats its workers and
community many companies are making
significant changes in how they do
business to advance sustainability and
prosperity some are making real
difference by being proactive on how
they choose invest in their supply
chains to ensure fair wages and good
working conditions remember the factory
fires in South Asia a company's
practices do matter
others are investing significant
resources in employee and diversity
initiatives that specifically support
women and minorities still others are
putting in solar panels and wind
turbines to cut greenhouse gases
although some companies are very public
about what makes them sustainable
sometimes it's hard to tell between talk
and real action so for the first time
there's an easy way to shop with impact
it's built right into a checking account
app by one of the fastest-growing and
most conscientious financial companies
aim aspiration impact measurement is a
new feature in your aspiration bank
account that lets you see your own
personal sustainability score the impact
you're making on people and the planet
based on where you're shopping and
spending every day now you can factor a
company sustainability into your daily
purchasing decisions there's aimed
people score which shows the impact of a
company
has on its employees customers and
community metrics includes salary health
care coverage work first diversity and
more aim planets core
this shows the environmental impact of a
company and its products metrics include
energy efficiency water use carbon
emissions and of course more Whole Foods
is the top grocery store with an 84 and
the highest ranked eatery is Starbucks
one of the lowest ranked companies and
the lowest ranked gasoline company is
Phillips 66 coming in with the well not
Jordan affiliated number but still 23
and it's not just about doing good
aspiration believes that everyone should
both do good and do well so its
top-rated checking account offers up to
one percent annual interest 100 times
big bank writes note ATM fees worldwide
and your own personal impact score head
over to aspiration comm slash tyt and
join the movement
