have you been to an anti Donald Trump
website recently have you been to a
maybe progressive or liberal or even
democratic website that said something
bad about Donald Trump or actually not
even said something bad but reported the
truth about Donald Trump well if so then
I have good news for you the US
Department of Justice wants to get to
know you but not in the way that you
probably want them to according to a
blog post by the web hosting company
DreamHost they have been involved in a
legal battle with the US Department of
Justice for several months as the US
Department of Justice is trying to gain
information access to information to
people who visit what they call quote
anti Trump web sites this is a
disgusting abuse of power and is 100%
unconstitutional the Department of
Justice led by Agee Jeff Sessions wants
to get your personal data just because
you may not like Donald Trump where you
got curious and clicked on a website you
didn't do anything wrong
you are trying to gain knowledge but in
this country today under Donald Trump in
Jeff Sessions knowledge is bad the truth
is bad you know it's only a matter of
time before they enact the 1984 thought
police coming out to gather information
or haul us away if we even say anything
bad about Donald Trump
folks I know there's a lot of conspiracy
theories going on both from the right
and the left to an extent today in
politics this is one of those things
that everybody needs to be talking about
this is not a conspiracy theory there's
an ongoing legal battle there are court
documents to back this up this is truly
disgusting behavior and it all flows
from the top which is Donald Trump his
ego is so fragile his administration is
so weak that they want to find out who
doesn't like them they want to target
these people what are they going to do
with this information we don't know but
I assure you it's not so that they can
send you a birthday card or
maybe a Christmas present it's because
they want to keep tabs on American
citizens who may not just may not agree
with Donald Trump that is not what this
country is all about and it also goes
back to the fact that these surveillance
programs this unmasking of data began
under george w bush was continued under
barack obama who could have and should
have shut it down but because he didn't
Donald Trump and Department of Justice
Jeff Sessions they now have these tools
they now have 17 years of precedent
behind them to obtain the information
that they want the folks at DreamHost
can fight this all they want but you're
going in court systems that have been
packed by Republican hats many of the
people sitting on those benches were
appointed by George W Bush Donald Trump
has done a hell of a job putting people
on the courts without any public
scrutiny whatsoever because the media
won't talk about that and ultimately
those are going to be the people
deciding whether or not these web
hosting companies have to turn over your
personal private data just because you
visited an anti Donald Trump web site
