Donald Trump's overall approval rating
is hovering somewhere in the mid to high
30s possibly by the end of this week
could be down into the low 30s but it
begs the question what on earth are
people actually seeing from the
president that they like and it turns
out it's not necessarily that they're
seeing things that they'd like come out
of Donald Trump or you know he's not
doing things that they don't like it's
that no matter what he does they've made
the decision they're going to
continuously support him according to a
new Huffington Post YouGov poll 14
percent of the American public says that
there is absolutely nothing that Donald
Trump could do that would make them stop
supporting him there is nothing that he
could fail to do that would make them
stop supporting him for example if he
doesn't repeal and replace the
Affordable Care Act they're still going
to blindly support him but that's not
the worst poll of all according to a
Monmouth University poll 25 percent of
the American public holds that same view
no matter what happens no matter what he
does no matter what he says they will
continue to support the president
essentially forever 25 percent a quarter
of the American public say that there is
nothing that this Nazi sympathiser can
do that would make them stop supporting
him now I know there are pockets of
areas where Donald Trump's support is
waning a lot of people who voted for him
now come out and say you know what I
made a mistake I shouldn't have done
that I do not like Donald Trump anymore
but when you're talking about a quarter
of the population refuses to accept
reality and will continue to support
this man no matter what according to
them I mean does that include if he just
decide to drop an atomic bomb on LA if
he started a nuclear war with Russia who
started sending nukes over here just
bombing if they still support him if he
came out and said I fully endorse the
events that took place in Virginia this
past weekend would they still support
him according to them there's
nothing he could do to break that
support which also means there is
nothing we can do to reach these people
and I hate to just write off an entire
quarter of a population but if they say
that there's nothing he can do to lose
their support then there is no reason
and trying to reach out to these people
and talk to them rationally because they
are thinking irrationally you cannot
correct that kind of behavior in a
single conversation that's the kind of
behavior that actually requires therapy
in order to be fixed these people want
to be ruled they want to be governed by
an authoritarian dictator because they
believe that rules and authority equals
order and freedom and that's not how it
works
25 percent of the public will never give
up on Donald Trump so it's up to the
remaining 75 percent of this country to
move the country forward by removing
Donald Trump from office
