hey everyone its David Sirota so a
couple months ago we reported at
International Business Times that
president Trump's top economic advisor
Gary cone the former Goldman Sachs
president he had officially recused
himself from matters relating to Goldman
Sachs that came before the White House
National Economic Council which makes
economic policy he said he would recuse
himself he would avoid issues that
directly affected his former employer
Goldman Sachs we reported a few months
ago that Goldman Sachs had expressed its
interest in SEC documents in investing
in and buying up the kinds of public
assets infrastructure roads bridges and
the like that Goldman Sachs wanted to
buy up those assets as part of its
investment strategy at the same time
that Cohn's National Economic Council
has been spearheading a plan to
privatize American infrastructure well
fast forward a few months later and
federal lobbying documents that we've
just reviewed show that while Goldman
Sachs has not been lobbying Gary cones
National Economic Council a couple of
goldman sachs lobbying groups have been
lobbying the National Economic Council a
couple of these groups these lobbying
groups that Goldman Sachs is linked to
have been lobbying the National Economic
Council that Goldman Sachs is former
president is heading up for the Trump
administration so what you have here is
a situation where these trade
associations these lobbying groups in
Washington with names like the managed
funds association that's one of the
goldman link groups that we report them
that these groups tend to lobby for
different sectors of an industry but
they also obviously represent the
interests of the individual companies
that are linked to those lobbying groups
so what you have here is a situation
where Goldman Sachs may not be actually
lobbying their former employee Gary Cohn
but where goldman sachs is a part of a
lobbying group that is lobbying gary
cones nash
the Economic Council at a time when the
White House's said that cone will recuse
himself from any Goldman related issue
now we contacted the White House and
they refused to explicitly answer the
question of whether Cohen had recused
himself from the issues that the Goldman
linked lobbying groups were lobbying his
counsel on they didn't answer that
question specifically they made a sort
of general comment that they take ethics
issues seriously but it's always
important when you hear about lobbying
in Washington to understand that you
have to go beyond looking at just what
the individual companies say they are
lobbying for and you have to look at
these powerful lobbying groups that have
these kind of generic names I mentioned
one the managed funds association
there's the investment company Institute
so these these big lobbying groups that
have names like that they have
individual members that fund them
they're linked to them that they lobby
for and they tend to represent not
surprisingly those individual members
interests and of course those groups
were lobbying Cohn's National Economic
Council on issues of interest to the
financial sector in general and to
Goldman Sachs in specific so the
question is whether Gary Cohen who
signed the White House house ethics
pledge and a pledge to follow those
rules to recuse himself the question is
was he involved in the issues that the
lobbying groups that are linked to his
former employer was he involved in those
issues they were lobbying on and what
does that say if he was about whether
the Trump ethics pledge is being taken
seriously inside the White House now I
know some people will say well they're
not surprised by potential conflicts of
interests and and the appearances of
conflicts of interest but these ethics
rules exist for a reason and at
international business times we take
seriously reporting on the federal
records the federal lobbying records
that detail what these lobbying groups
are doing and it's always important to
peel it back one layer one layer down
you you can't just look at what Goldman
Sachs is lobbying for you have to look
at what the groups representing the
company the lobbying groups representing
the company and it's in
distri sector are also lobbying for
