PETA has settled the case with a young
girl whose dog was euthanized after peta
made a pretty devastating mistake
now the settlement came to the amount of
forty nine thousand dollars and it all
started when peta employees were
allegedly called to a mobile home park
where there were supposedly dogs running
around that were dangerous they show up
they find a cute little chihuahua who
was not on a leash and they decided to
take that chihuahua to their virginia
shelter and then they euthanized that
chihuahua that same day now laws
indicate that you are supposed to have a
five day grace period to allow the
owners some time to come and get the dog
but they didn't do that they euthanize
the dog right away now this little girl
this nine year old who got the Chihuahua
as a gift was understandably upset and
so the family sued PETA PETA didn't want
to go through with the whole lawsuit so
they decided to settle for forty nine
thousand dollars and they've apologized
profusely but it does make you wonder
why they would euthanize a chihuahua the
same day that they found her
yes appear claims that no no was a
terrible mistake but Zarate says that
PETA operates under a broad policy of
euthanizing animals including healthy
ones does quote it considers pet
ownership to be a form of involuntary
bondage right now look that's that
that's their claim right it's not pitas
claim that's right I have a Chihuahua a
reindeer Chihuahua the mothership of all
chihuahuas I have never bound him he is
not in bondage
I give him milk bones I give him organic
beef hearts and North Atlantic salmon I
do I cook for my dog okay I do not cook
for myself you guys are both mental but
if if this is true so is PETA don't
euthanize on the same day and what kind
of a even if that policy was true and
Peter was worried about the bondage what
kind of a person frees the slave and
then murders it
all it would seem to be wildly
counterproductive again it's not proven
that that's Peters policy but they did
settle the case help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
