fun announcement for you guys I know
that a lot of you are looking to see if
they can help tea or tea more by being a
member but membership is at the lowest
levels just five bucks five bucks a
month I told somebody at Politico and
they're like really that's it
yeah and it's basically a progressive
Netflix it's 18 shows you get all the
shows at five bucks but at ten bucks you
get a little bit more you get exclusive
access to tickets like we did at
politican and and you get first dibs on
a lot of things including merchandise
etc so you can check it out on the
website but tonight I wanted to also
announce that we have we brought back
some higher level memberships that we
call producers senior producer and
executive producer there are $25 $50 and
$100 a month
and if you could afford it and you want
to help build a home and progressives we
would love it and we would deeply
appreciate it
you do get a little bit more for the
guys at the producer level you'll get an
exclusive item that's just for you guys
the guys at the senior producer level we
get a whole goodie bag now for all these
it's delivered six months after you've
been a member at that level for that
long and and we appreciate you staying
with us for the executive producers you
get a signed photo of a TYT host and the
goodie bag and the exclusive merchandise
that that we give to the producer levels
and all the shows and everything else
that comes along with it including no
ads etc and so if you want to move the
up and level for membership we would
deeply appreciate it and hopefully we're
giving you a good bang for your buck as
well if you want to know how you go to
TYT concise join and when you get there
you'll see mainly $4.99 and $10 in
really small at the bottom there's a
link that says for producer level
members click there and then you'll be
able to get the higher level membership
there where most people are gonna get
the 5 and $10 we get that but if you
want to help and you want to do that
we'd love you for it and and that's why
it's such a small link at the bottom but
that we did want to give you that option
and thank you for asking for that option
so hopefully you guys can do that and
and and we appreciate you being a member
any way you slice it two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
