Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been
very vocal in his opposite opposition to
legalizing marijuana now interestingly
enough fairly recently he sent a letter
to states that legalize marijuana for
recreational use and essentially let
them know that these policies are very
very damaging to their state and
lawmakers and leaders in those states
have actually pushed back fairly
aggressively now sessions told Alaskan
officials that the 2015 annual drug
report released by Alaska State Troopers
quote raises serious questions about
whether marijuana regulatory structures
will be effective in your state now
here's the issue with that annual report
there recreational marijuana laws did
not go into effect until after that
report was written and so the lawmakers
let that be known the 2015 report was
not relevant to the effectiveness of the
legal marijuana industry in the state
because sales from licensed businesses
did not begin until 2016 that was
according to a letter that officials in
Alaska sent back to Jeff sessions in
response to his letter and is not the
only state that they screw it up and
they also sent letters to Washington the
state of Washington same exact problem
and it's hilarious actually if you think
about it for a second because not only
are they wrong but they're sending the
exact opposite message they're saying oh
man the accidents are up and and your
usage of marijuana is up and Washington
State is sending all this pot to 43
other states and you've got Marymount
marijuana labs exploding no all that
happened under prohibition right yes and
so here's what happened so Jeff Sessions
will we'll focus on you know the plants
that exploded and yeah those were
illegal operations and so lawmakers in
Washington who also got you know a
similar letter from the Department of
Justice responded back and said those
were all illegal marijuana plants all
the legal ones that are regulated and
have to deal with oversight are actually
performing well safely you know crime
has gone down
a result of what we've done with
marijuana policy and so they're fighting
back and look let's keep it real one of
the main reasons why they're fighting
back is because it's become a cash cow
for a lot of these states people like
pot and people want to buy it legally
and it's being taxed that revenue is
very precious to these lawmakers I like
the fact that we're talking about
marijuana and exploding plants it has
kind of a delicious double meaning and
and to your point about the revenue the
state of California alone is looking at
20 billion with a B dollars in revenue
whoa that's a lot of fun good clean fun
for sure and they don't have to do
anything and people can sit around and
have the munchies and it's all good
clean fun for all the kids in the room
now you look at Jeff Sessions or
Jefferson being sessions the third when
we saw the movie reefer madness and I
think we all remember that beautiful
film classic it was all about the
african-americans getting erections when
seeing white women enter the room and
that was the 1930s reason for illegal
izing marijuana and then famously later
George Bush the first was saved
heroically by using a parachute made out
of hemp it saved his life and then we
had hemp for victory during World War
two
grow it in your backyard until somebody
once again got a boner and that was the
end of that yeah yes right let me add on
top of that George Washington was a hemp
farmer that's the main thing that he did
that's a in George Washington in today's
dollars would have been the richest
president we ever had and yes richer
than Trump who's lying about as well and
so they we didn't always hate marijuana
and happen in these plants it's it's a
development in history and it's for a
number of reasons one set of reasons the
one that Kerry laid out another one was
that it used to be called something else
then it got switched to marijuana
because we wanted to blame the
immigrants coming in from Latin America
and hence we gave it more of a Spanish
sounding name Matawan nah that's right
and and use that to arrest a lot of
people and then finally in the Nixon era
was when we started the modern war on
drugs and we had one of his top aides
who told the press many years later yes
we did it to target blacks and to target
hippie liberals it was for political
reasons so the fact that this still
exists is amazing ridiculous and it is
totally political and prohibition never
works right I I would like to go back
and I'd like to go back and address
Carrie's point about boners because I
think it's just it's really funny how I
I haven't seen reefer madness and I
actually want to watch it I know a lot
about it just based on what I've read
but the whole notion that Oh black
people got boners from smoking it like
there's actually some science and I I
don't think that there's causation yet
but they have found some correlation
between excessive and and heavy pot use
and a lower sex drive and so look I
don't know why I'm bringing this up I
just think it's hilarious that that was
what they used and of course there's no
fact behind it whatsoever
yeah I don't think they did a lot of
science they did reefer madness the
movie the night there's and finally I
just love how counterproductive this is
because it shows you the prohibition
wasn't working but it also shows you
that regulation does work right so if
Jeff Sessions wanted to damage his own
cause he couldn't have done it any
better than this they're proving that
big government works and when it's done
illegally pot brings you a lot of
revenue and a lot of good times and one
last piece of fact a piece of actual
statistics from Washington among young
students pot usage has actually gone
down you want to know the ironic reason
why this has become legal it's become
harder to get yes because there's a lot
of ways to get it legally but not if
you're a kid so they drove the drug
dealers out of business and now the kids
can't get it if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
