oftentimes when discussions are had
about the so-called alt-right it is
usually in regard to pretty young white
males in fact the hate rally that took
place in Charlottesville Virginia
displayed a pretty large number of young
white males however the Atlantic asked
the question of whether or not there are
women who believe in that movement and
who have participated in that movement
and sure enough there is some percentage
of women who are part of the alt-right
however the arm is vocal so George
Holley who is an author of making sense
of the alt-right estimates that around
20% of the alt-right supporters are
women now that's what he claims uh I
haven't seen any other research into
that but here's what the Atlantic found
from talking to some of the women who
identify as part of the alright so there
are a lot of white women who buy into
this movement they're just doing it in
private they're not vocal but they are
supporters of the men in their lives who
are so let's hear from Claudia Davenport
who is an alright activist she says the
following as for female empowerment
there's nothing that has made me feel
more empowered in my life than
supporting and being supported by a
strong man I think that men and women
are better off when we stop fighting
nature and allow our distinct identities
to shine through okay I just I want to
respond to that real quick before you
guys do um I think it's awesome that you
feel empowered by that like you feel
empowered by letting a strong man take
charge and you should do you right
however it is not my nature to sit back
and have a man take care of me that goes
against my nature so you don't get to
dictate how I live my life you don't get
to dictate what my nature is or tell me
what my nature is you do you I do me
okay yeah and so a they claim that they
want strong men they're men here were
too strong but and in a lot of these
guys you know they they're strong in a
pack and then as we saw in Charlotte so
you know the minute that they have the
roles reversed on them and they love to
threaten violence etc and I don't think
anyone should reverse roles on them and
I think the violence is a terrible idea
coming from any direction but you saw
the crying not see a couple of days ago
on this
oh my yeah I mean I got an arrest for
nothing I can do Bobby that's right
that's right I mean is an accurately
called it it was a cooked Astra fee and
and he started it turns out I read today
as a men's rights guy so these guys that
they think are so strong the minute
there's any kind of what they perceived
to be danger they're all in a sense
george zimmerman's right oh I'm a tough
guy work counting that guy again the
crying Nazi who kept talking about how
he works out and he's ready but then
turned out at 1:00 so ready and so what
do they do the first thing they do is
they reach for their gun because they're
afraid so those are the so-called strong
men that you're supporting but hey look
it doesn't matter if you if you like
them you like them I've added husband as
Anna said you don't get to speak for all
with you totally nailed it so exactly to
that thinking these are guys who need a
nest you Anna are sitting in the nest
like a hen guarding his eggs his
precious eggs and the fact is he can't
feed himself he can't do his own laundry
he can barely think he certainly can't
go shopping and without you he's screwed
seriously he can't even think or talk he
put him on a camera as he was talking
about having an arrest warrant the guy
melts down meanwhile you're having
children raising them cooking cleaning
and God knows whatever else tasks he has
in mind so that he could live at least a
upper lower class lifestyle yeah well
what's interesting is they do see men as
the individuals who should be on the
frontlines protecting people and
protecting the borders but they think of
women as nurtures biologically they are
built to be nurtures and nothing more
and so it's always been super
fascinating to me when when women join
groups like this because in in my view
they think less of you so how can you
agree with people who think less of you
but look if there are women who are
turned on by the notion of a man you
know having that kind of power over her
again do you like I don't care I have no
interest in telling these women like no
you have to go out there and you have to
be strong and you have to
this you have to know I want you to live
the life that you feel comfortable
living but at the same time you also
don't get to tell me what my nature is
okay
my nature has never been to be
submissive or to be quiet and to not
share my point of view my nature is to
be strong my nature is to voice my
opinion my nature is to go out there and
work and be independent so it's that's
the part that really upsets me I guess
because it's it's a group of people
telling all women this is the way things
are supposed to be this is what your
biology yeah because their ideology is
in freedom so you're free to do whatever
you want their ideologies no we're gonna
dictate it and so this is a proper role
for men and that's what they should do
and this is the proper role for women
and you should know that and by the way
if you don't they'll then intimidate you
online and if they get an opportunity
sometimes like in Charles Phil in person
and and so and even some of their this
is really funny so they've got some all
right women who are more prominent they
like them because they get to go no
there's women on our side there they are
right but then to is this article
explains two of them Lana
looked F and I love Stuart when and did
this you know online video etc odd cast
a podcast and they're like see see we're
normal we're normal we have women okay
we're not gonna update us we have women
right and guess what happened of course
misogyny rained down on them in the
comments section oh I think that they're
feminists in disguise these women are
the symbol tainted effed up strong women
right intentionally misspelled women
with a why I don't that bathing this
like a slight de femme this so for all
that talk of like don't we we like women
as long as they know the role not even
then like the minute they see a strong
woman even if it's on their side their
manhood is so threatened by that that
they melt down like a snowflake yeah
it's it's why you put burkas on women
you put them on it's not because the
women are out of control it's because we
men become turgid we to mess we lose our
discipline so we have to dress
you up in a tarpaulin and this way we're
safe and not threatened yep and by the
way it Muslim fundamentalists are the
right wing of the Muslim world they are
against freedom they're against you
getting to choose they say men should
dominate just like these guys in their
own context they're the alt-right of the
of the Muslim world and that's why
they're all so scared of women also need
to cover them up and have a very similar
ideology and and also say you shouldn't
get to choose what you do in your life
like like Anna wants to I want to etc we
get to dictate the rules right and
that's that's the biggest problem I want
to leave with one final components all
of this which i think is super relevant
so there are member male members of the
alt-right that think having women be
part of their group is a positive thing
and it's because it can help them
recruit individuals and so they do have
an easier time recruiting people because
they oftentimes are younger attractive
so Kelly Baker who's the author of this
piece says when women do appear in
alt-right journals or online discussions
it says objects of Attraction they need
to appear as victims or passive objects
of male desire also very similar to an
Isis strategy where they recruit women
and they promise them all sorts things
about strong and glorious and honorable
men we're going to do the fighting and
then they'll use the women to try to
lure in more fighters from Europe and
other parts of the world but if they're
no longer virgins what role do they have
isn't that kind of a plot of the play 76
virgins yeah I think it's 72 and it's my
favorite part of that story is that they
might have misinterpreted the Quran it
might actually say not 72 version but
seventy two dates so basically they just
get in raises if somebody wants to the
speech and there'd that's but he's like
imagine the look on Mohammed Atta's face
when he's like raisins
and it's always the same story come here
come here we've got something great for
you and then what do they do whether
they're alright Muslims are all right
hateful white nationalist yeah just
kidding you have to live by my rules and
not what you actually want
qit membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm / join
