now that Steve Madden has been fired his
supporters are increasingly vocal about
their disdain for that decision and what
they plan on doing in the future now
keep in mind that Steve Bannon brought
along many of his supporters to go ahead
and support Donald Trump and now they're
furious at Trump's decision to fire him
so let's go to some of the employees at
Breitbart their tweets indicate that
they're upset one says that they want to
go to war Noah Pollak who works at
Breitbart exactly uh and then Brandon
Darby who also works at Breitbart
responded to that with no silly we
aren't going to war now I really wish
Trump well for the remainder of his one
term with a little winky face yeah
now that's telling right especially
considering the influence that Steve
Bannon has over the articles articles
that get published at Breitbart but here
is a tea party activist who has been
very vocal in her support for Trump and
how she feels now her name is Debbie
Dooley and she says I'm very upset
the deep state globalist one they forced
out Steve Bannon
I had a CNN is fake news protest
scheduled for tomorrow at their
headquarters in Atlanta that I'm
canceling because I'm so disheartened
it's a betrayal of his base I'll
continue to support Trump in his
policies but I'll no longer be on the
front lines defending him man that
that's a shame about that protest it was
going to have three to four people at it
and also their headquarters in Atlanta
in 1987 I mean just about everything
happens at CNN happens in DC in New York
including suckers in New York and but
but there is very relevant parts of that
to relevant parts are the deep state
globalist reference so they are now
absolutely convinced that these the his
alt-right base that there are huge
factions of the Republican Party that
are against them and that they hate more
than they even hate liberals or whatever
else is going on that's their immediate
war and so the deep say that they refer
to as the generals and and then the
globalists are the Jews so sometimes
they refer to them as such meaning that
it's certainly an interpretation of what
globalist means now other people argue
with that
Stephen Miller is an all right white
nationalist and he's Jewish and so no
falak is an Orthodox Jew who is a part
as well on the other hand ben shapiro
left Breitbart and he's been attacked in
wildly anti-semitic ways so you know but
that's not that important globalist kind
of means banker financially may be
jewish whatever right like the powers
that be that are behind the curtain
which has led to terribly anti-semitic
things in the past and led to disaster
but even if you've removed the
anti-semitism out of it it's like this
idea that there's someone pulling the
strings and whoever they are they're the
ones in power and we gotta get them
right and again that has led to
disastrous consequences and then the
second part if more short-term
politically is enormous ly important
saying that i'm going to continue to
support Trump but I'm not on the
frontlines anymore and but and and so
that's how Hillary lost when people were
like yeah I guess I'm for Hillary but
I'm not gonna do anything about it and a
lot of them stayed home
so I'm actually shocked you're not
bragging right now because I think that
what happened today will have pretty
severe ramifications for Trump because
look his approval rating is already
incredibly low and he is making so many
enemies out of allies and this Steve
banning component of the electorate that
supported him so aggressively is now
kind of starting to question things
right but and I agree with you but I
just say that but there is a legitimate
case to be made for the other side of
that which is there's a mellowing of the
administration the mellowing of the
administration will at least
mollify his opponents in Republican
opponents in the Senate the people who
are coming out and saying this just
can't go on this just can't go on if you
want legislation when we return in the
fall you have to get these you know some
of these bad people out of your white
house so there's a sense that that is
part of what could actually work in the
favor of the White House well I don't
think it will that I I would buy that
arsenal
I thought about that and and my response
to that would be there is no mellowing
of the White House when again the fish
rots from the head down and and Trump is
the head and he is he's not capable of
being mellow but what at what of the
what of the pence minuchin Cohn
Tillerson maddest certainly what of that
crew that says why do we have to have
these crazies leading our way right now
and as you get rid of the Shan Spicer's
you get rid of mascara Moochie who was
there for you know a half hour and you
get rid of Benin that that it makes them
more like what a Republican
administration would be so that then
they go to Congress and there isn't this
so fight let me agree with all of you
and settle everything so here's I mean
the parts that I agree with that I think
are so important yes Michael policy-wise
it might help them in the short term
where the Republican senators go oh okay
like a clown Steve Bannon and now the
Republicans are back in charge
Schank I want to clarify I don't that I
don't think that's right like I don't
think that will work I agree with what
Ana saying I think this will hurt yeah
but it might stabilize it and it's just
the mic it might stabilize it enough to
pass the giant tax cuts that is their
only goal okay so that's the thing that
that that's now 50/50 before I would
have said they're definitely gonna pass
the giant tax cuts and then Trump will
be gone now he's so wildly unstable
they're issued the fish rots so far down
that he they might not be able to do
that and they want to do that so badly
and they all agree to that and that's
why cones there in the first place the
Manutius of the world and all the
Republican senators they want those tax
cuts and all their donors agree everyone
wants those tax cuts so now they've got
a they're back on course for maybe at
least executing that yeah and then see
what happens to Trump but Papa in terms
of electoral politics this is the
beginning of a death knell for the
Republican Party so because what Trump
should have done is he should have had a
plan and okay Who am I gonna side with
or what Dell
get balanced am I gonna pull off here or
I bring in the previous and the
establishment guys and I need their help
in getting those policies passed in the
Senate but I'm going to appeal to the
all right with to get my electoral wins
and they're from every and every once in
a while intimidate the Mitch McConnell's
and the Jeff lakes of the world because
I have the electoral base to be able to
do that now now we know and I told you
from day one the Trump is not smart
enough to do that
he's never balanced anything in his life
he just goes straight in one direction
and usually it's towards a brick wall so
now given that he has no ability to
balance anything he should have at least
picked one side and so he could make up
his mind so he fired the establishment
side Reince Priebus Sean Spicer someone
that he brought in his own guys from
uchi and then fired them and then the
alright guy said he fired them because
he's a clown he doesn't know what he's
doing
so now he's in no-man's land so again
making enemies out of allies and those
allies have their own supporters and and
this quote I think is pretty important
it's an unnamed individual who spoke to
the the hill but he or she I'm guessing
he is a huge fan and supporter and
here's what this person had to say Steve
Steve's allies in the populist
nationalist movement are ready to ride
to the gates of hell with him against
the west wing Democrats and globalists
like national security aide Dena Powell
Jared Kushner Ivanka Trump Gary Cohen
and HR McMaster he continues to say they
should all be very worried that their
efforts to undermine the president will
be exposed if they think that's what's
happened with Steve is rough wait until
they see what he does outside the White
House yes and Kurt bard Ella who used to
also work at Breitbart today wrote that
he will quote
ban and would quote try to bring
everything crashing down and he will
feel liberated now and he will likely
relentlessly attack Mitch McConnell Paul
Ryan along with all the people that Anna
just named inside the White House also
may become very difficult for the
American Prospect they're gonna wake up
to a lot every morning in a lot of
incoming from Japan so it'll be now
if we go to a new stage now so my guess
as to how this will evolve is you know
is in keeping with what I've said so far
now he's opened up a new line of it of
attack and against himself Trump has and
so all right will now be attacking his
administration
so he'll still he'll start to lose more
and more Republicans as we go along and
a lot of what Republicans had already
turned on him Matt Drudge has in a lot
of ways turned on her which is
surprising some Republicans turned on
and when he went after Jeff Sessions so
now that's that's beginning to road a
little bit he's still holding his voters
remember the focus group we talked about
earlier in the week 25 out of 25 which
still vote for but now his strong
support has gone down from the 70s down
to 59% and still dropping and now it'll
drop a little bit further because they
care more about this than any liberal
position whether the Liberals are mad at
with him or CNN's mad at him or
moderates are mad at him and and then
eventually when Trump goes and I think
he most certainly will then you've got
pence left and then the Republicans are
super screwed because then the alt-right
is gone the Trump voters are gone and
all they have is establishment
Republicans left and when you just have
the establishment left ask Hillary
Clinton how that turns out in the party
so I and if the if the left has two
brain cells to rub together and I by
that I mean the establishment Democrats
which they largely don't but that's okay
we could beat them in the primaries and
the left goes populist it is going to be
a landslide it were for the
establishment Republicans cutting off
their nose here whether it's despite
their face or not has thrown away their
popular space electoral II will be a
disaster for them and so this is great
news for the rest of the country help us
build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
