Steve Bannon has spoken to the Weekly
Standard and gave them a statement in
regard to what the future of the Trump
presidency is likely to be based on his
perception he is essentially declaring
the impact of the Trump presidency over
he says the Trump presidency that we
fought for and won is over we still have
a huge movement and we will make
something out of this Trump presidency
but that presidency is over okay so this
settles the question that was brought up
earlier today when it was announced that
Steve Bannon was gone he pretended for
about a second that he was going to be
supportive of the Trump presidency
either way and he said no no we're just
gonna fight the Liberals and we're not
gonna attack Trump even though his own
guys at Breitbart were doing hashtag war
so now that lasted not even half a day
and a couple hours later he's like now I
would spend kiddin around no the Trump
thing is over we're done with it now
wait a minute if I'm hearing correctly
we can all just go home now oh it's over
over cool put it in his face thank you
can we redo the like shrink and we go
for Bernie Sanders good okay done we'll
have a pleb site tomorrow at 3 a.m. so I
mean just think about who Trump is as a
person and what his likely response or
reaction will be to that statement it
will not be a response where he wants to
reconcile and make things better he has
a gigantic ego and his ego will be
bruised continuously by bad and
criticizing him no no it when when they
attack and it and Breitbart has now said
we will attack by calling the Trump
presidency over Trump will
counter-attack and this will be a
wonderful vicious cycle where they'll
continue to punch each other in the face
so sit back relax and enjoy the show
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm slash join
