Massachusetts is a state that has only
one Confederate monument that monument
is currently at the Fort Warren or at
Fort Warren on George Georgia's island
now lawmakers have decided that they
want to do away with this monument but
they can't because it's on a national
park so to compromise this situation
they've decided to cover it in a box
take a look so first of all it this was
a monument let's go to graphic 20 this
was a monami monument that was
specifically dedicated to Confederates
who were imprisoned during the war and
then died as a result and so let me show
you what the scene looks like now again
it's been covered with a box it was
commissioned in 1963 by the local United
Daughters of the Confederacy a
now-defunct group that promoted the idea
that the war was not between pro-slavery
South and anti-slavery north but rather
a battle for states rights and a
Confederate culture led by honorable men
so obviously this is the mythology known
as the lost cause yeah of course you
know when I go through the south
I see bumper stickers all the time I
super once went into a shop where they
had all these things hats t-shirts
bumper stickers with liberals don't
understand history and and how no the
Confederacy was about state rights and
it had nothing to do with slavery unless
you actually read history and the
leaders of the Confederacy said yeah
this is about our right to keep slaves
very very clearly go read what the vice
president of the Confederacy wrote as to
why they went this little war and
besides which it's obvious the whole
thing was the state right to keep slaves
there was not another giant issue about
well are we allowed to make cars or are
we not allowed to make cars or not and
so so that's all that is total
revisionist history so the people who
put up that monument did it on purpose
during the civil rights era to rub it in
black people's face like hey we're still
in charge so the the fact that they have
it in a kind of a coffin now
is wonderful to me yes and and and you
know all the guys who say in the south
oh it was a War of Northern Aggression
okay no no if it was great I'm glad we
aggressed regressed and I'm glad we
freed the slaves
if we hadn't you'd still be enslaving
them so it was the best aggression I've
ever seen the most humane just
aggression and people in the north lost
their lives to make sure that everyone
in America would be free so I celebrate
the Northern Aggression
and if you don't you're stuck in history
and that's a sad day for you and those
Confederate soldiers I don't want any
prisoners of war dying so I it's a shame
that they died Wow am I glad that there
were prisoners hell yeah I wish that
we'd have that no one would have taken
more prisoners more quickly and ended
the war more quickly I wish that
Northern Aggression was even more
aggressive and would have finished the
war much earlier and we would have had a
lot less lives lost and freedom for all
Americans much quicker if you liked this
video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
