so now Republican leaders are starting
to act like oh they need to I saw Steve
Schmidt on MSNBC talking about how every
Republican has to denounce him now every
by name and all this stuff and by the
way don't forget Steve Schmidt gave you
Sarah Palin so these fucking people who
are our truck it's it with the thing the
worst thing about Trump is that he
rehabilitation Eaton's right like Bill
Kristol David from now because they
opposed Trump damn liberals are over
chummy now people are saying oh I long
for the days of George as George Bush ah
that's what's that's kind of
self-driving crazy anyway so this has
been going on this is not a secret this
is this is this is not a shocker to
anybody Donald Trump followed brocco
bomb around for four years after he
produced his birth certificate still
follow them around for four more years
trying to get him this show his birth
certificate again so you know the
long-form birth certificate so that's
that thing nobody ever heard of till we
had a black president but oh my god the
races it's just all new yeah I have mine
I keep it right next in my cake a card
and the case ever get pulled over
driving through Ferguson I just pull it
out okay so what licit soaked so I'm
just gonna show you come quick examples
that this is not news that Trump is a
racist all right first of all he started
his campaign by calling Mexicans rapists
said Muslims were cheering for 9/11 this
was all made up bullshit we've met this
isn't new to the Republican leadership
that he's like this okay and I'm gonna
prove it to you here we go ready I'll
let you respond it's important but I
just want to get the answer here the
birth certificate was produced in 2011
you continue to tell the story and
question the president's legitimacy in
2012 13 14 15
as recently as January so the question
is what changed well nobody was yeah he
said yeah yeah I did that so that so we
know that it did that after for four
years okay now he starts calling
Mexicans rapists and then he said a
Mexican judge couldn't be a good judge
because he was Mexican and then Jake
Tapper his his real name not his porn
name sat down with him and asked him
this question what Hillary Clinton says
this is a racist attack and you reject
that if you are saying he can't do his
job because of his race
is that not the definition of racism I
don't think so at all and so this is
what I say to all the Paul Ryan's and
the Steve Schmidt's and then Nicole
Wallace's everybody who backed the
Republican Party through all their dog
whistling racism through by the way the
the Southern Strategy that's been going
on since Nixon so uh I just want all the
people who back Trump and went along
with them and we're gonna work with him
and he's gonna be a good conservative
you know you're full of it because this
isn't new and by the way Trump even told
you and here he is telling you you knew
damn well I was a snake before you took
me in does that make sense to anybody
yes that makes sense so we knew he was a
snake you knew he was a snake and so now
what the Democrats are supposed to do is
stick like glue Trump to the Republicans
and that's how you take over the party
that's how you take over the House and
the Senate coming up in 2018 is you
stick like glue Trump and his racism to
the Republican Party but I guarantee you
the Democrats will not be able to do
that because the Republicans still
cannot run away from Trump he is popular
with their base by 80% and and go ahead
Stephanie I just want to add the idea
that about two years ago
Jorge Ramos was forced news conference
yes in front of a room of reporters who
sat there didn't do anything yes and
continue to cover Trump and his empty
podium so this was two years ago that we
witness that's right and Katy tur from
MSN said he came out and said oh you
know that man he's really he's not a bad
guy he's a really nice guy the guy who
threw out Jorge Ramos she said he's a
really nice guy actually she said that I
know that I remember that and so you're
right that whole roomful of press people
didn't do a goddamn thing
nothing hey why he was thrown out
because it was that in question that's
right because he was asking questions in
the way a reporter should but so let's
not we pretend that the Republican Party
and the concern and Fox News haven't had
a problem with this
here's megyn kelly what did she have to
say to us
day night with Megan Kelly sharp strong
journalism and by the way for all you
kids watching at home
Santa just is white Sunday night with
Megan Kelly starts Sunday June 4th at
7:00 on NBC whatever happened to her I
remember her so you don't remember
making family saying kids are white you
don't remember Bill O'Reilly saying you
don't remember
well here's we how about this how about
when they ran around during the primary
of the Republican primary call him
Barack Obama the Food Stamp president
and well let's let's Juan Williams
actually a black guy asks him about this
Yeager's you recently said black
Americans should demand jobs not food
stamps you also said poor kids like a
strong work ethic and proposed having
them work as janitors in their schools
can't you see that this is viewed at a
minimum as insulting to all Americans
but particularly to black Americans
there is a black guy telling the
Republican leader at a Republican debate
in front of a room full of Republican
voters that what you're doing is highly
insulted to people like me a black guy
and I happen to work for Fox News so I'm
gonna letting you know and he says I
don't give a shit in the whole room
screams so let's not let these people
distance themselves from Trump this is
where the Democrats have to step up and
stick Trump to them like glue but the
you know they're not gonna do it
you know they can't wait to be
buddy-buddy with the regular Republicans
even though they hundred percent have
been doing this stuff forever I'll give
you one more video here is so let's
remember that till two out of the last
four chairmen from the Republican
National Committee have apologized for
the Southern Strategy and what is the
southern strategy the Southern Strategy
is fomenting racism we're picking on
fears of the other of blacks Hispanics
to get votes from scared white people
that was Nixon started it and it's been
going strong ever since and now Trump
just put it on steroids he's saying it
out loud he's not dog whistling anymore
so here's Michael Steele one of the
Republican National Committee Chairman
who'd actually did apologize for the
Southern Strategy and he's asked what
his party's gonna do in response to this
so let's listen Michael what is your
party do tomorrow morning the same thing
they did today
nothing so what any up - let me throw it
to the panel what do you guys have this
anything to say about that this is
because I know welcome you have
something to say but look I mean in
terms of making Trump stick to other
Republicans like glue you're a hundred
percent right and this is where Hillary
Clinton really screwed up my ass during
the election she repeatedly said this is
not your regular republic right Donald
Trump is not a regular Republican he's
not a republic he's not a republic she
said it multiple times and the reason
why she said that was she wanted to
curry favor from regular Republicans who
she thought would vote for her instead
of Trump if she made Trump seem like not
a Republican right but other Democrats
who are the down ballot Democrats were
kind of pissed because they wanted to
tied Trump to Republicans and say
that this is this is who you'll not vote
for because look Trump could he did win
the the electoral electoral college but
he's deeply unpopular so by tying him to
tying all the Republicans to him it
would have helped the other down ballot
Democrats but they didn't have that
opportunity because Hillary in her
selfishness looked out for herself
rather than down ballot Democrats it's
one of the things that Bernie was
criticized for they're saying that he's
gonna give money to down ballot
Democrats didn't care about them anyway
um she has to tie she should have tied
Trump you know like you said like glue
to other Republicans and we should call
them out what to say you know
Republicans this is your leader
this is who you voted for sweetie
support this is everyday you have
Republicans coming on the news on radio
and television and they still defend
Trump yeah though so let's call him out
and let's put them all together say this
is where your party stands for and make
it pay a political price for it
hey MSNBC just hired Megan Kelly to make
sure Santa Claus stays white if you're
sick of that kind of bullshit lefty
corporatism from the news support
aggressive progressives right here at
the Young Turks Network you become a
member for $10 a month it gets you
access to the whole show we do an hour
every week and it gets you access to all
the other member benefits at the Young
Turks stick your thumb in the eye of the
corporate news and become a member of
TYT now we're go to tea white tea
network.com slash join and find out what
it's all about
