the lawyer for a woman who was
unfortunately violated with a cavity
search by police in Texas has actually
released video of that cavity search
following a grand jury's decision to
drop charges against the cops who
perform that search now to give you some
background on this story it occurred in
Harris County Texas back in June of 2015
and the woman who underwent a cavity
search apparently ran a stop sign and so
cops pulled her over and alleged that
they smelled marijuana now after they
failed to find any marijuana in her car
they decided to literally do a cavity
search and so they called a female
officer to the scene which took about an
hour and a half based on the victims
account and she performed a cavity
search for a total of 11 minutes now
back in 2015 the woman did speak to CNN
about what she experienced I want to
show you that video first and then I'll
show you the dashcam video that we have
the look I couldn't move my hands are
already handcuffed behind me you know so
she pulls my pants down and then she
tells me to bend over so you know I kind
of hesitated because I might bend over
you know and I just I bent over and she
proceeded to stick her fingers in me and
I popped up you need it out so - no what
are you doing you can't do that to me
okay and before we hit the dashcam video
guys think about this in a couple of
different ways one we have now
prohibition on marijuana it's insane
like we had a prohibition on alcohol
which was insane so imagine if that
prohibition still exists in there like
we suspect that you have something very
very dangerous a can of beer on you that
you will later drink so we're going to
do a cavity search and they stick their
fingers inside that's I can't describe
to you how in saying that and this isn't
something that happened during the Nixon
administration this is something that
happened in 2015 when a number of states
had already legalized marijuana for
medicinal use
some states had already legalized it for
recreational use I mean it's absurd that
cops would perform a search so invasive
in order to find marijuana but they did
it they did it now again the dashcam
footage was not released until recently
when the grand jury decided to drop all
charges against the cops who you know
went through with performing this search
uh so I want to show you the dashcam
film a video you don't see anything
graphic but I do want you to focus on
the bottom right hand side so you can
kind of see what's going on gives you a
sense of how they did it and also please
keep in mind that we're only showing you
a small part of it the full video is
much longer and that's where the 11
minute
cavity search comes from anyway take a
look
for you
what it was done that
char Nisa Corley is the name of the
victim in this video and it breaks my
heart to know that there was no justice
to know that she had to go through
something like that with a male officer
shining a light on her you know half
dressed body as a female officer is
violating her you know doing a cavity
search over marijuana by the way another
amazing fact of the story is they
charged her with misdemeanor possession
of marijuana the charges were later
dropped because they didn't find
marijuana on her if it looked like a
rape where they throw her down and one
guy shines a light while the other
person does this for 11 minutes so it's
a female officer I don't think that
makes it any better at all and I don't
care if they'd found a marijuana I don't
care if they found a bushel of marijuana
that you think is it even if she was a
drug dealer what's the part where you
stick your fingers look and it imagine
it's a guy okay oh we suspect that you
might have a joint on you so we're gonna
have a male officer hold you down for 11
minutes while we probe your anal cavity
for 11 minutes how long can you put
proba cavity it's it's disgusting in
every way imaginable
and not only I mean the worst part about
it is that a human being had to go
through something like that but another
part of it is really this is what our
resources go to this is what taxpayer
money funds is this really what's
keeping people safe and it's our
government man I don't want of my
representatives I don't want my
government I don't want my cops with my
taxpayer money doing this to other
civilians and if they do it to them they
could do it to us and there but for the
grace of God go all of you now yes it
happens the african-americans
disproportionately so maybe white people
think it's not gonna happen to me man
and sometimes they're right but now
increasingly they're wrong
it's happening to white people it's
happening to everybody because power
corrupts and absolute power corrupts
absolutely and what are we told the cops
you're always going to get away with it
and they did again here
so if you think they're not gonna do it
to you I think you are sorely mistaken
so as we already pointed out after still
not fun anything after raping this woman
you still act you still filed a report
saying you found something so it doesn't
even matter yeah it doesn't even matter
so that they took their cues from
society thinking eh no matter what
happens this person is powerless to make
I can do whatever I want when I say what
happened they're gonna believe me it's
it's it's human nature
once someone gives you the absolute
power to do that to other people and you
think oh they're gonna back me up no
matter what you do it and you know the
guy stands there and when you get called
in as this one cop to do it I was just a
couple of bad apples hey one of these
good apples gonna pop up and say hey bad
apples I'm not gonna be one of you what
is they gonna say hey we called you out
a female cop to rape this woman and she
comes in and says no when does that
happen so one way that it could happen
is if you hold them accountable but they
refuse to and and if you're a
conservative and you've been saying your
whole life Oh big government's terrible
this is big government this is
government so out of control that
they're inside our bodies to find a
recreational drug that a huge percentage
of the country uses and now a huge
percent of the country has made legal in
this case they didn't even find it and
they lied about it if you're not worried
about this kind of jackbooted thugs
that's what the right way you're always
talking about jackbooted thugs what is
this so I the whole country should be
united on this issue we can't let our
own government treat us this way we've
got to reform how we train the police
and and and there's got to be
consequences when they do something
wrong help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
