Facebook has decided to do away with an
anonymous forum that its employees were
using after some of the conversations
and debates that took place in that
anonymous forum became racial sexist or
offensive now it was built by Facebook
employees as a side project a couple of
years ago FB or Facebook anon became a
forum for Facebook employees to air
grievances or share information that
could get them in trouble so again the
emphasis here is that it was Facebook
employees using this forum anonymously
in order to talk about some of the more
controversial things that were going on
now Facebook anon attracted comments
that many employees found offensive for
example some posts last year that
Facebook lowered the bar to attract
female engineers to boost its diversity
numbers and that provoked angry
responses from others in the chat room
now Facebook had responded to that and
said that the notion that they lowered
standards for women was absolutely
ridiculous and apparently things just
got so hostile there that it was
creating an uncomfortable work
environment and they decided to do away
with it and then you know one of the
executives at Facebook made a really
good point about how anyone who uses the
social networking site is forced to use
their real identity and so why is it
that in this case the employees didn't
have to abide by the same rules let me
give you Laurie go lers full comment she
says a cornerstone of our culture is
being open the Facebook an on internal
Facebook group violated our Terms of
Service which require people to use
Facebook including our employees to use
an authentic identity on our platform
well I mean this one's a little
complicated because I know why they
didn't use their real identity because
look at the guy at Google who did users
relight any got fired that's why they
don't do it so let's not be disingenuous
about why they hide their identity on
the other hand it is a violation of
their Shermer service and that is one
thing that has kept facebook a little
bit more sane than other outlets like
twitter where because you are actually
can
to who you are so that brings down a
level of trolling not completely but
significantly whereas when you're
anonymous apparently you know Lord of
the Flies sets in and you start smashing
conscience over people's heads sometimes
now literally physically in their real
world but certainly in terms of comments
online and then secondarily I think
there should be a form to have a
rational conversation I don't know that
if that's what was happening there
about gender differences and disparities
in pay and how to resolve that and and I
don't know that they were looking to
resolve that but I think that a
conversation could be helpful there if
directed in the right way on the other
hand if it's not directed in the right
way and you just have a bunch of people
screaming about how women are inferior I
can see how that could create a hostile
work environment right so these are not
easy issues so a few observations that I
made while researching this story what I
found interesting was that this was a
forum that was developed by Facebook
employees several years ago and they
never had a problem with it or at least
it wasn't reported that anyone had a
problem with it until the 2016 general
election when Trump became a topic of
discussion and that was when people
started to feel more comfortable coming
out and talking about you know gender in
the workplace and their feelings toward
that and lowering the standards to
accommodate women and so it's it's
amazing how much of an impact that
election really had not just in our
national discourse but even discourse
among employees at various companies the
second thing is look you can do away
with these forms all you want you can
fire people as much as you want but this
is an issue that persists and and it's
something that I think needs an open
dialogue so I agree with you Jake where
you say hey there needs to be a
discussion about this I'm not entirely
sure you know what the right way to go
about it
is and look people do like to hide
behind anonymity and in this case I
guess for good reasons because they will
get fired if they're creating a hostile
work environment but just because you
did away with this chat or this forum
doesn't mean that your employees don't
still feel these things yeah that's why
I think the second
ooh here and why it's so difficult is
that some people support Trump and and
they got every right to its America on
the other hand Trump is clearly racist
and a bigot and sexist and a sexual
harasser and ass and a person who's
committed or admitted to committing
sexual assault so you eat those facts
make you uncomfortable but they are
facts nonetheless and so you say it's my
opinion it's not my opinion he says it
every day he said compares people who
are against fascists to the people who
are fascist and I can go on and on and
give you dozens of examples so what do
you do when some percentage of the
country in some percentage of your
employees like a guy who's racist and in
this case sexist that's a really hard
question you get to believe those things
in America I don't know that you can
fire a third of the country but at the
same time those are unsettling
especially in a work environment where
we have to respect each other and work
as a team there are no easy answers here
and all the companies are trying to do
their best to figure out the right
answers if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
