genetic testing is a huge business now
where people can spend maybe a couple
hundred dollars and get a kid from
23andme and learn all sorts of things
about their genetic makeup and their
history however there are some people
who are concerned about genetic testing
insurers are concerned and consumers are
concerned as well so let's take a look
insurers actually fear that without
equal access to such information
information that people get from these
genetic tests they will lose out to
savvy customers customer groups on the
other hand fear that if underwriters did
have access to such information people
with so-called bad genes might find
themselves unfairly excluded from cover
so insurance companies whether it's
health insurance or life insurance
worried that wait but they have
information that we don't have so let's
say someone does the genetic testing and
finds out that you know they have a
certain genetic makeup that predicts
that they're gonna have like a terminal
illness well then what if we don't know
that information and then they go ahead
and get life insurance policies then we
won't be able to screw them over so
that's that's what they're worried about
now consumers I think have an incredibly
legitimate concern and I I think that
their concern will eventually play out
what happens when this genetic testing
becomes available or the information
from it becomes available to these
insurers will they use it against them
and the answer is yes yes they will yeah
I have a radical idea why don't we do
Medicare for all so that we insurance
companies can't screw us over because
it's our lives on the line Medicare it
pulls us 77% it is very popular for a
number of reasons it covers everything
and if you want even more coverage
because you want more tests for example
you can get Medicare Advantage which is
private insurance on top of it it is a
lower cost and it covers every single
American who's part of Medicare so if we
did that we wouldn't have to be worried
about what if the private corporations
find out that we have an illness
and then they're gonna let us die
because they want to make an extra buck
well look if a private corporation wants
to make an extra buck from selling
sexier sneakers have at it Hoss but this
is not how we run our insurance now
we're like so panicked we don't want to
find out anything about ourselves which
might actually save our lives if we
found out that we have an illness yes
maybe we could do preventative measures
on it that's what the private
corporations find out in order to make
more profit that let us die know how
insane are we don't we live in this
system but you don't get a chink
Republicans tell me that you know people
who have access to universal health care
like Canadians and stuff like they hate
it right that's what that's what the
Republicans tell me Canadians don't say
that Republicans do yeah Northern
Europeans who have great health care
systems don't say that
so all do you know the lines that they
wait on did I try to make an appointment
and a doctor the other day it took me
two months to get an appointment you
know the lines we wait on exactly all
right and then I just wanted to respond
to your comment about how people are
afraid to take these tests because they
are worried that eventually insurers
will have access to that information I
totally agree with you because I want to
do this test like yeah sure I guess I
want to find out about my genetic makeup
even though I'm kind of scared right but
I'm super interested to find out what my
ancestry is me too me too
so let me tell you why why I'm specific
for me so I'm 7/8 Turkish I think that's
fairly clear but you know if you're
turkish nothing is clear because Turks
are originally from Central Asia but yet
we look at a tholian so most works if
they did this probably find out they're
really grief and I would be greatly
amused by that ok or they'll find out
they're Asian they don't even know that
those are like you mean total Turks your
agent oh my god you're crazy so I I want
all 30 take this sense because I think
the results would be enlightening and
somewhat hilarious at least the
reactions would be but I'm also 1/8
something else and our family doesn't
even know it's possible that it's
Kurdish it's also possible that it's
actually a lineage that traces back to
the Crusaders that's super interesting I
want to know but I'm afraid to take the
test because then somebody has my
genetic information and I don't know
what they're going to do with it right
that's the same country we're living if
you liked this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
