Donald Trump recently increased the
number of tariffs or a number of
products from China that will have to
deal with taxes through trade and China
has responded by saying that it will
continue to retaliate against these
tariffs now to be specific America's
trade deficit in goods and services with
China was about three hundred thirty
five point four billion dollars in 2017
in August though it grew by another
thirty 1 billion dollars meaning that
Beijing exported 31 billion more goods
to the US that month then the u.s. sent
the other way now this is all incredibly
important information for you to know
about because it proves that these
tariffs are not working China has not
conceded in doing anything that Trump
wants to do in fact they've doubled down
they've added more tariffs to retaliate
and the people who will suffer are US
consumers because many products are
either manufactured in China and then
brought here to the United States or
us-based companies that manufacture
products here rely on Chinese parts to
be imported to the United States so they
can make their products so as a result
manufacturers are gonna spend more money
on manufacturing and so the cost will be
transferred to us the consumers and
recently Wilbur Ross was asked about
this you know is this good policy isn't
this horrible for consumers and here's
what he had to say average American
family making $50,000 a year let's say
how much do you expect these tariffs
will impact them meaning have you done
the math well you can do the numbers
this way if you have a 10% tariff on
another 200 billion that's 20 billion a
year that's a tiny tiny tiny fraction of
1% total inflation in the US because
it's spread over thousands and thousands
of products
nobody's gonna actually notice it at the
end of the day so he believes that the
middle class in the working class in the
United States will not feel this keep in
mind that Wilbur Ross might feel that
way because he is worth 2.9 billion
dollars so he doesn't understand what
it's like to be anime
Arkan who has a household income of
51,000 dollars
Apple has already responded to Trump
after he claimed that you know maybe
Apple will manufacture everything here
in the United States so they don't have
to deal with the tariffs they responded
by saying no we're gonna increase our
prices so consumers will have to pay
more yeah it doesn't work the way that
Wilbur Ross explained it god help us
this he disguise the Commerce Secretary
and so it's not like since affected the
overall economy by a small percentage
then Apple will only raise their price
by less than a cent no Apple is directly
affected so they are affected way more
than the average of the entire economy
there are parts of the economy that are
not affected and that affects your
overall average so the price of Apple is
going to go up significantly the iPhones
etcetera
air conditioning prices have already got
up steel prices have already gone up and
it's and it's not by 1% in I think the
reason the CNBC anchor goaded him that
way is because he knew he'd make news
because Ross has said this on two
different occasions earlier where he
made a claim that it's only going to go
up by three tenths of one cent or six
tenths of one cent so he's like oh tell
us about the math he's like what's this
idiot embarrassed himself again that's
not how it works it goes industry by
industry when their prices are affected
they increase prices on those particular
products yeah we have a bunch of
dumbbells running the country so
meanwhile on the other hand China is
going around brilliantly isolating us so
you know how many countries are down to
recognizing Taiwan we think Taiwan
should be recognized as its own country
China thinks it should be part of one
China we're down to 17 countries El
Salvador just pulled out and what is
China doing they're going around they're
providing economic benefits to people
and and another thing that you know you
don't hear about and this is really
interesting they're providing aid all
across the world here in America we go I
don't give anybody any international aid
it's so stupid on you we should just
keep everything right you know how much
aid China is giving to the rest of the
world according to their plants a
trillion dollars
a trillion dollars it's the rest of the
world now you think China the Chinese
government is doing that for the health
of El Salvador no they're doing it to
gain allies because it benefits them
because and now the Trump is withdrawing
from the world stage he's withdrawing
the United States China has now stepped
up after we withdrew from the Paris
climate Accord China set stepped in and
said we will now lead the world in
fighting against climate change and then
after Trump attacked our allies in
Europe and throughout the world China
steps up everytime it says that's okay
we are the new global leader and by the
way we've got a trillion dollars in aid
to help you out to back that up and next
thing you know China starts winning more
agreements and and more votes whether
it's in the United Nations or anything
else because they are actually acting in
a way that is rational for their
self-interest whereas we have a bunch of
goddamn dumbbells running this country
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from The Young Turks
