no McLemore does not support Hitler
Youth or its haircuts let's put that to
rest right now so Macklemore the
musician who wrote thrift shop and be
touching same love became famous with a
with a specific haircut which some folks
pointed out is very similar to the
haircut worn by Hitler Youth and now
white supremacist let's take a look at
the two side-by-side one photo is from
the events of Charlottesville and the
other is macklemore at a event and so a
verified internet personality named John
Henry whose handle is at fart tweeted
this to Macklemore saying
Macklemore hair seems to be chosen
haircut of the racists now I call on
Macklemore to get online and announce
his own haircut - which Macklemore
responded got rid of it over a year ago
so people have done this over time the
Macklemore haircut which had you know
kind of he'd made it famous and they
call it the Macklemore haircut that
happened and so since he got rid of it
over a year ago let's take a look at
what he looks like now to prove it he
cut his hair short and you're all
wonderful so I came across this story
and I thought it was kind of amusing and
I thought it would be an interesting I
don't know if it's gonna be a debate but
an interesting discussion as to whether
or not a haircut can be deemed racist
yeah yeah go for it
yeah so listen first of all we've got no
insane place in the world where you have
to respond to at fart about whether your
hair is racist so far is not terrible I
up fart is like a long-standing Internet
personality as proven by the fact that
he was early enough to get the handle at
fart okay
god bless god bless okay but did
McLemore do that to be a white
nationalist I would be shocked right ya
know so pardon not guilty
first of all let's just adjudicate that
right now Macklemore completely innocent
uh I don't think he intended to do that
haircut he I mean his songs you know
that that one that you mentioned I
forget the title in love same love about
you know gay love is awesome he doesn't
strike me as a hateful person at all so
I don't think that he's guilty however
if that has been identified as a white
supremacist hairstyle and he continued
to sport it with the criticism be
justified so let me put it this way if
if it's my hair no if it's your hair yes
and let me explain why because my hair
is so non distinctive Bret's hair I just
didn't say make me look like a person
that's right so sure if you say to Brent
hey some hateful people wear that same
kind of hairstyle I go not guilty I mean
what do you want the guy to do yes but
many more non hateful people wear that
have that same kind of hairstyle your
hair is a little bit more distinctive
Ana if all the Hitler Youth started
going around with a bun like that okay
so much easier isn't it see what I'm
saying though I do so of course I see
what you're saying
and so look there are certain hairstyles
whether it's facial hair or otherwise
that have been deemed unacceptable the
the Hitler mustache yeah unacceptable oh
yeah very unattractive never a good idea
tell that to Charlie Chaplin poor guy
wait good I had the misfortune of Hitler
following him yeah yeah so that exactly
I think we're all agreed right yeah so
if it's super distinctive and you and
you accidentally had it that way oh I'm
changing it I didn't mean it like that
right but if it's just a normal haircut
and some other douche happens to have it
that's not on you man if you like this
clip of The Young Turks you know there's
a whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
