following Donald Trump's fiery press
conference where he further drew
equivalencies between white nationalists
neo-nazis and those protesting them of
course there was a number of lawmakers
and members of the media and just US
citizens who decided to criticize Donald
Trump and of course the White House went
into damage control now one way that the
White House does damage control is
through their communications office
their communications office releases
essentially talking points to the GOP
just to make sure that the messaging is
consistent and very much supportive of
the president so let me give you what
those talking points were at least a
couple of them and then I'll tell you
what the response was from the GOP so
one of the talking points was the
president was entirely correct both
sides of the violence in Charlottesville
acted inappropriately and bears some
responsibility so I mean they he's just
doubling down now that's a tripling down
right tripling down that's a good point
so I mean what do we tell you we told
you yesterday
he can't stop digging so you think he's
gonna find a way to get out of this mess
though he's gonna find a way to make
this mess worse and they can't get much
worse so well I mean don't underestimate
him okay but for him to now put out
marching orders for the rest of the
Republicans you're to continue to praise
me and say that I am in quote entirely
correct and it is very trumpian and to
say yes both sides did it he called the
people protesting bigotry and fascism
quote very very violent right and and he
said that you know some of those white
nationalists and neo-nazis protesting in
favor of keeping those Confederate
monuments up some of them are very fine
people yeah yeah and and people are not
going to they're not gonna follow your
marches by the way he says he's entirely
correct let me just note for the record
he said well they came charging in they
left it a made-up term although some
establishment Democrats like that term
too and they should take note of who
else is using it okay they came marching
in without a permit now are you gonna be
surprised to find out
they did have a permit he said I'd like
to figure out the facts before I talk no
you don't not only they had a permit
they had two permits not only do they
have two permits they were in a public
park which you don't need a permit for
so he was the exact opposite of entirely
correct so let me give you some more of
these talking points he has been a voice
for unity and calm encouraging the
country to rediscover the bonds of love
and loyalty that brings us together as
Americans that that was true
I mean cement oh man yeah the guy who
you know kicked off his presidential
campaign by calling Mexicans murderers
and rapists yeah he's all about unifying
people and also dedicated the majority
of his campaign about about you know
building a wall anyway
he also or at least the White House also
shared this talking point from cop
killing and violence at political
rallies to shooting at congressmen at a
practice baseball game extremists on the
left have engaged in terrible acts of
violence so let's pause there Nazi a
member he is his avowed nazi runs over
20 people and kills heather higher on
american ground and this guy says
talking boys for tomorrow's remember
blame the violence on the left yeah
that's right this is the guy who's
entirely correct I mean think about how
disgusting that is instead of saying hey
it's it's a low bar to clear let's say
the Nazi who murdered someone was wrong
he says no don't talk about that that's
not in the talking points there's no
talking point about how hey the Nazis
are wrong no instead let's divert
everyone's attention and attack the left
who was there to protest him who got
murdered this entire week the theme that
keeps playing over and over again in my
mind is the fact that those on the Left
keep trying to play fair right and so
I'll give you an example when Kathy
Griffin released that photo of a
decapitated Trump like head mm-hmm
that was bloodied and everything we
criticized her right a lot of people on
the Left criticized her because it was
violent imagery that didn't add anything
substantive
or beneficial to a very important
conversation that we need to have in the
country and now I even though obviously
I still think that that was a really bad
move on her part I feel like a clown for
trying to play fair why am I trying to
play ser I mean Trump made a big deal
about oh can you believe what she's
doing it's so terrible oh it's
disgusting and then you turn around you
make excuses for neo-nazis and white
nationalists after a 20-year old I'm
sorry 31 year-old woman was murdered by
one of them I mean he has no shame
again we're we're the ones bringing a
knife to a shootout that's what's
happening yeah well I don't want to
bring a knife I don't want to bring a
gun I just want to bring ideas and maybe
that's naive that's fine okay and and
look I have faith in America that we are
not pro Nazi that eventually the the
government the authorities the FBI the
Justice Department are going to do the
right thing and so far the Justice
Department even led by Jeff Sessions has
done the right thing and they say
they're pursuing charges obviously
against the the people who did the
violence and they're not going after any
of the peaceful protesters so that's why
I think just taking the law in Iran has
a terrible idea I believe in the moral
high ground and look if the government
flipped and that would be a different
situation and I know he's the president
the United States and he's trying to get
them to flip but so far the government
is holding and they're not you know if
they start and but look I get what
you're saying Anna there are very very
ominous signs the story we did yesterday
where the Trump administration including
the Justice Department asked for one
point the names and addresses and phone
numbers and credit card numbers and bank
accounts so the 1.3 million people who
signed up to protest Donald Trump they
wanted to get that from the Internet
they said oh it's for the 200 people we
think might have caused violence during
inauguration but you have their names
why don't you just get their information
no I want every single protester against
Russ right so there are places to draw a
line and this is where this is a great
place to draw the line and we are and as
you're going to point out a lot of
Republicans are a lot of Republicans are
drawing the line
they did not really care much about this
memo urging them to agree with the
president and basically know their role
so let me give you their response I want
to start off with representative Steve
Scalise who is in physical therapy right
now after being shot the talking points
touched on him right and so well how
does Scalise feel about all this well he
released the statement saying I was
clear about this bigotry and violence
over the weekend and I'll repeat it
today we must defeat white supremacy and
all forms of hatred no Scalise in the
past had gone and spoken to two groups
that were connected to white
nationalists and I'm being kind to him
by leaving it at that but at least he
posed for God's sake when the whole
press is watching you don't say maybe
white supremacists are very fine people
no you say you don't condone bigotry
hatred after they'd just given it a
murder so so credit to Steve Scalise
doing the right thing at a very
important moment Paul Ryan also did the
right thing although he wasn't one of
the lawmakers who called Trump out by
name there were members of the GOP who
did that Paul Ryan said we must be clear
white supremacy is repulsive the bigotry
is counter to all this country stands
for there can be no moral ambiguity also
we have David Perdue saying that the KKK
neo-nazi and white supremacist groups
spew bigotry and racism these groups and
their ideals are the antithesis of
American patriotism John McCain had
similar things to say and actually did
call out the president there's no moral
equivalency between racists and
Americans standing up to defy hate and
bigotry the President of the United
States should say so
Barbara Comstock similar sentiments mr.
president they were not very fine people
on the neo-nazi white supremacist side
only haters grateful Department of
Justice understands this these are all
Republicans yes oh yeah my favorite or
Mitch McConnell and Mitt Romney all
right so let's go to them that's the
only time I've ever said that sentence
in my life let's go to graphic 22 Mitch
McConnell says the following we all have
a responsibility to stand against hate
and violence wherever wherever it raises
its evil head he also says the white
supremacist KKK and neo-nazi groups who
brought hatred and violence to
Charlottesville are now planning a rally
in Lexington Kentucky their messages of
hate and bigotry are not welcome in
Kentucky and should not be welcomed
anywhere in America and finally Mitt
Romney says no not the same you know
obviously touching on Trump's attempt to
draw an equivalency between the the
right and the left one side is racist
bigoted not see the other opposes racism
and bigotry morally different universes
so that defense of the protest
counter-protesters but there by Mitt
Romney was the best of the lot and and
it was really comforting to see and look
like I said in the beginning in today's
show this is a moment of truth and a
rare situation where it is fair to ask
which side are you on and not a hard
question are you on the side the
neo-nazis and the KKK or are you on the
side of all other Americans so at least
the Mitt Romney's and Mitch McConnell's
of the world are having enough courage
to say no mr. president not on our watch
we don't agree we're not gonna let you
get away with it and we're not gonna
fall into standard Republican Democrat
lines not on this Mitch McConnell added
there are no good neo-nazis and those
who espouse their views are not
supporters of American ideals and
Freedoms because Donald Trump had said
that they were very fine people on that
side so this is exactly what we need
it's easy for the Democrats to stand up
in this case it's and any people who
oppose Trump people who voted against
Trump people who protest Trump bless
your hearts it makes a huge difference
but that is relatively easier because
you're on the opposite side but for
Republicans and Republican leaders and
by the way the entire Bush family Jeb
Bush George W Bush George HW Bush all
putting out statements is saying no at
Arnold Schwarzenegger putting a hundred
thousand dollars into an anti hate group
to make sure that
this is fought so you know if you ever
wondered is there any line that
Republicans won't cross we found it it's
it isn't some days a great day in
America we found the bottom of the
barrel and here is the rest most of the
rest of the Republican Party not all of
them by the way but most of them going
no not on our watch we're not gonna go
there we're not gonna support neo-nazis
and the KKK the only one left on the
other side appears to be Donald Trump
and anyone who's still supporting him on
TV or more importantly in his
administration should immediately resign
and if you don't we know where you stand
support independent media come join us
the Young Turks TYT Network calm slash
join
