Donald Trump's longtime lawyer Michael
Cohen decided to make the case that he
is not racist okay in fact he knows a
lot of minorities a lot of black people
specifically and he's taken a lot of
pictures with them and so in an effort
to defend himself against anyone who
might think he's racist for his
association to Donald Trump he tweeted
the following now it is a collage of
himself with a number of black people
and it says oh that settles it
yeah as the son of a Holocaust survivor
I have no tolerance for racism just
because I support the President of the
United States doesn't make me a racist
okay some of the pictures that he's been
in included black people so there you go
by the way look I don't I don't know if
he was getting like this wave of hatred
right I'm sure he did I mean everyone
gets a wave of hatred on Twitter
regardless of what they do but like
here's the reality like no one was
talking about you bro
no one of important was talking about
you so just don't say anything don't
release that tweet because it makes you
look ridiculous yeah it's a weird thing
that like you're in a room with a bunch
of people somebody raises their hand
goes I'm not racist you're like okay
where did that come from
yeah so no I know where he came from
note so Michael Cohen says he's the
lawyer for Donald Trump I'm sure got a
lot of heat from is the people he knows
because now Trump is not just on the
side of white supremacists and the all
right and the white nationalists and all
those guys but now neo-nazis are in the
mix and so they're going to Michael
Cohen and going really you're still
standing by trumped when he said that
there was a moral equivalency between
the Nazis and the people protesting
Nazis really Michael so then he am sure
he yeah hey my dad with the Holocaust
okay I'm sure that's true and obviously
there's horrific and I assume not I
assume I'm sure he's not ad semantic
that would be super weird right
so he gets this so that's the first part
well I can't be anti-semitic okay check
then he wants to go on because then
people I'm sure they make conversations
with him not on Twitter people
he knows okay and don't share a montage
or a collage of you with black people as
evidence look okay but just to finish
the thought though I'm sure that people
said to okay Michael I get it you're not
a theoretical that's would again it's
your Jewish etc right but he's also
racist Michael so you're just gonna let
him get away with that that's why he
goes he goes oh no no I'm John but he
might be but I'm not do you know how
many black people I walked next to in my
life this reminds me of the guy who said
in his story we did a couple years ago
I'm not racist I'd even let black people
use my bathroom so putting your Patriot
with notorious scam artist Don King will
do anything for a bug does not make your
non racist put you're putting your
picture next to Omarosa come on it's
like it's like you haven't heard the
whole thing this whole time like that's
if you've been around the world you've
been anywhere near he's an attorney you
mentioned earlier you think he'd have to
be somewhat intelligent but he's never
heard people say oh you're gonna tell
all your black friends he said I didn't
say it I posted the pictures it's real
so he misses that I don't care if you
actually do have black friends you
putting that out there is a no-go but
anyway just to make sure I want you guys
I want to give him a little bit of a
benefit up first of all okay he's trying
to put something out there I had a
similar thing happening yesterday I
let's let's watch tape what I said
yesterday I'm like soon as you go to the
door of that man and his dog it'll be
yapping yapping a back away in a booth
and then you take a step back no yap-yap
yap-yap again and you're like well
someone shut this dog the fuck up
maybe pick the dog up like you did on
Jersey so I'll have to watch this dog
Yap at my feet anymore and then run away
I'm just so relieved that Jer took the
title of dog hater back from me I'm just
upset that you guys continued to point
me as a dog hater so I treated this
picture earlier about many instances
I've had of hanging out with some of my
best friends make sure you guys realize
you can't judge a book by it's cover or
by one thing that I say these pictures
will last forever
some of his best photoshopped images
dogs each one of those dogs I own
throughout the years yeah you look
lovingly at that I have a kennel if you
got to post pictures of yourself so with
black folks up on Twitter you might be a
racist if you liked this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
