I want to make this official I was one
of the first to say that Donald Trump
would win the Republican primaries I
said it six months before the primary
voting began on June of 2015 well before
others could get themselves to believe
it so I tell you that because I don't
let my personal opinions of Donald Trump
affect my sense of whether he's going to
win or lose I thought he would win the
Republican primary and then later as you
guys saw I thought there was a good
chance that he could win the presidency
and when I warned that about about that
on ABC's this week the rest of the panel
left understandably so given where the
polls were at the time but we talked
about those warnings so now as I was one
of the first to say that his reign would
begin I'm now ready to be among the
first to say that his reign will end
definitely he's done you could write it
down in stone he will not finish his
first term there's no way in the world
he finishes four years he's not capable
of it the country's sick of it the
people in power are sick of it and yes
that is important and I'm going to tell
you exactly why he's going to be leaving
now as to how quickly that will happen
so that that is a much harder guess like
I said definitely not the whole four
years it could be as quickly as a week
it could be as long as 18 months I would
be surprised
Wow I would be very surprised if he made
it all the way to 18 months from this
day forward my best guess is within six
months but like I said it could be so
much faster that you're going to be
shocked by it because we're at the
bottom of the barrel so let me explain
so now you guys know what he did
recently there he said there was very
fine people on the neo-nazi side in
Charlottesville he blamed both sides for
what happened I just can't get past that
I mean there's so many horrific moments
from that rally including an avowed Nazi
running over 20 people 19 injured and
Heather
haier killed and nazi killing somebody
on on US ground should be easy enough to
condemn and he could bring himself to do
it for two days you guys know all that
right but after that and then the part
that really sticks out me from for me in
from a story from today is that
synagogue in Charlottesville as they
have armed Nazis at parading in front of
them they couldn't get cops to show up
and they they were scared they were
huddled together and they thought I was
Alan Zimmerman from the temple was
quoted as saying I can't believe this is
2017 in America they had to take the the
Torah and the Holocaust scroll out of
the building to make sure that it didn't
get damaged America in 2017 and he was
equivocating on that it's beyond gross
it's not who we are okay so but beyond
that then one person the CEO Merck
leaves his manufacturing council and he
lashes out at him what an unbelievably
unintelligent move to make then you're
burning your allies now and what message
does a sent of the others will send a
very bad message so then the CEO of
Intel left and the CEO of Under Armour
left and then he yelled at them and then
you know what happened today the whole
council is gone they just ban of the
manufacturing council and another
economic council because as I suggested
on the show yesterday yes in fact
business leaders did meet behind the
scenes they had a call led by Stephen
Schwarzman was actually one of Donald
Trump's top allies and they decided that
they would all leave in mass they would
shut down the council yesterday on the
show I told you if I made that sound
that's the sound of power leaving the
building he's almost got no allies left
look at what he's done he's attacked
Mitch McConnell the Senate Majority
Leader he's attacked Paul Ryan the
Speaker of the House he's attacked John
McCain he's thanks Susan cause he's
attacked all of his allies well who's
gonna defend you and then his own
loyalists grow Moochie gone Christie
didn't get the position he wanted
Giuliani didn't Newt Gingrich did people
who were loyal to him never got the
things that he promised them and then
the people who were already there the
show Spicer's in the Reince Priebus --is
and he goes after even Jeff Sessions
in public trying to get rid of his own
attorney general he's got no allies left
now the businessmen who wanted those tax
cuts he promised them they've left the
building
who does he have left and now he's
attacking mana for mana for twas this
campaign chairman and his house mana
fors house was rated by the federal
government to get evidence then Trump
goes the National Inquirer in a taxman
afford very clear brazen this is the
kind of leaks that trumped us
consistently to the National Inquirer
and the only reason you attack mental
ward is if he's already turned evidence
against you so there is that angle that
is also imminent as a special counsel
continues to investigating and the part
that people underestimate though and and
is his inability to mount a comeback
because you think well he peers he's the
president presidents go up presidents go
down politicians go up and down and
their polls to go or they fluctuate no
no he has misunderstood his mandate
first of all his mandate was not to be
the leader of the white nationalist I
know he thinks that but his mandate was
to just it was very simple to just not
be Hillary Clinton and he couldn't pull
it off he liked it it was not a high bar
but what does that mean not to be
Hillary Clinton don't be the
establishment don't do the the deals
that she was criticized for taking money
from people at cetera no he surrounded
himself with Wall Street guys Goldman
Sachs guys that he criticized Hillary
Clinton for he did all the things that
he criticized Hillary Clinton for and
then more corruption personal corruption
way worse in Clinton's and then the
white nationalist stuff so he doesn't
have people supporting him for a white
nationalist movement that is a tiny
percentage of his base and certainly a
tiny percentage even if you don't think
it's a tiny percentage of his base it's
certainly a minuscule percentage of will
overall people who voted for who mainly
just didn't want the establishment of
power he's completely misunderstood it
that's because he doesn't have a very
good high intellect boy is that an
understanding probably the
understatement of the year so which
leads us to this in order to be able to
come back from this kind of disaster
where you've accomplished
thing you couldn't deliver on the
promises that you gave to your
supporters like repealing the Affordable
Care Act you've got nothing done he's
completing competence you said you had
all these secret plans it turns out you
didn't have any secret plans you
surrounded yourself with a swamp and now
you're equivocating on neo-nazis well
the only way to get out of that is
through some brilliant strategy and
hearing God that there is no brilliant
strategy there is no three-dimensional
chess there's no two dimensional chess
there's no chess at all there's nothing
going on there he barely has two brain
cells to rub together so he's not gonna
do a comeback he doesn't have it in him
to do it and the other thing that he
will do going forward is he will not
make it better he will make it worse he
will dig that hole deeper and deeper and
deeper you know why because he can't
help himself whenever he gets in trouble
he gets himself into further trouble
because he's not smart enough to figure
out when it's enough stop talking stop
tweeting he doesn't know any better he
looks at and thinks I'm winning I'm
fantastic everybody else is a mess he
thought that that press conference
yesterday was a good idea he'll do it
again
I know it you think no you can't back
neo-nazis again that's the same he'll do
it again and again and again because
he's not bright he's a stupid stupid
incompetent man
all right so finally look in this
country we are not Pro Nazi we defeated
the Nazis and yes the Republicans are
maddening yes they back a policies like
voter ID laws keeping Muslims out of the
country and their and let alone their
attacks against immigrants and those are
despicable but they're on a different
plane than what Donald Trump is done
here from the moment all of us were born
almost all of us were taught that the
Nazis were the bad guys we defeated them
were for freedom and they're fascists
and if Donald Trump thinks that the
majority country thinks the opposite he
is sorely mistaken
gravely mistaken and on top of that this
man is deeply deeply unstable and now
everybody sees it the Republican
leadership sees that the business
leaders see it everyone in power sees it
and yes even his own supporters are
beginning to see it and we can't have
this kind of instability as the
president of the United States the
commander in chief people have to take
action and they will he's also given
them this golden gift of having actually
colluded with the Russians so now we'll
see how that investigation plays out but
all they need now is any kind of cover
if there is any type of an indictment
any evidence linking Trump to the
Russians I think there's tremendous
evidence and I think it's financial but
you don't even need that anymore
because he's lost all of his allies all
they need is an excuse to go okay that's
it we're done with him because the
country can't take this kind of
instability and the country is not
pro-nazi so I told you his number-one
problem going in and this is why I told
you should never ever consider not only
not voting for him of course you
shouldn't vote for him
but make sure that he doesn't get in
office because outside of his being a
vitriolic horrible human being his
number one problem is even deeper than
that unbelievable record shattering
incompetence and now the entire country
sees it and we gotta get him out before
he causes any more damage to America to
all of our unity and community and to
the world and they are gonna do it he's
done he's now just playing out the clock
it's just only a matter of time before
Donald Trump resigns in disgrace and I'm
telling you right now I guarantee you he
will support independent media come join
us to the Young Turks TYT Network calm
slash join
