the city of Baltimore has taken down a
number of Confederate statues and a
Confederate monument following the hate
rally that took place in Charlottesville
Virginia and they decided to take down
these monuments in the middle of the
night in an effort to do so in the most
peaceful way possible now keep in mind
that lawmakers in the city had voted and
decided to take these statues down and
so it wasn't something that they did
secretly in the middle of the night it
was something that was agreed upon
now the removals began late Tuesday
night a day after the City Council voted
unanimously to take down the monuments
immediately the city and this is a
statement from the mayor the city
charter says according to our city
attorney if the mayor wants to protect
or feels like she needs to protect the
public or keep her community safe she
has the right to keep her community site
safe I felt the best way to remove the
monuments was to remove them overnight
now keep in mind that they're not gonna
throw the monuments in the trash they're
just going to put them in a place that's
a little less offensive either a museum
there are other cities in the u.s.
they're considering doing something
similar and placing the statues in a
Veterans Cemetery which yes but anyway
no no no but to be fair this has a
couple of direction so one is they're
thinking mainly putting it in a
Confederate cemetery which makes a lot
of sense that seems like a good place
for a Confederate statue and and then
secondarily though for the moment being
there being temporarily stored at the
back river wastewater treatment plant
and I don't think that's an accident and
so is the mayor rubbing it in their face
a little bit I think so god bless her
heart all right so let me give you some
information on exactly what they took
down so they took down a monument
dedicated to Roger B Taney and if you
don't know anything about Roger B Taney
let me give you some information he was
he wrote the US Supreme Court's majority
opinion
the Dred Scott ruling and also in 1857
not also more details on that in 1857
that ruling found that slaves were not
citizens of the United States and
therefore were not protected under the
US Constitution
he wrote that majority opinion and so
think about how incredibly insulting it
is to live in Baltimore as a minority as
a black person and see a monument
dedicated to that individual on public
land and you know for the people who
think well you look man we're the
majority and so we had to put up many
monuments we like it said it well in
Baltimore
african-americans are the majority and
so they can take your Confederate
monuments and put them in the sewer all
they like that's what they decided to do
so I guess that's a sad day for you and
where would you put a statue of a guy
who said you weren't even human yeah
seriously
also there was of course a statue of
Robert Ely that was also taken down and
Thomas Stonewall Jackson let's just for
one second look I I I know that in the
south dizzy statues and all sorts of
places and yes in some ways were the
majority thinks that the Confederacy was
awesome they like traitors to America
etc I get it but uh in Baltimore you've
got a majority who believes that yes
african-americans are in fact humans and
citizens and and it is an incredible
insult to them to have these monuments
in their City why the hell would they
agree to that so and you have to
understand the history of why the
monuments were put up they were not put
up right after the Civil War they were
put up during the Jim Crow era to
intimidate and terrorize African
Americans to say we're still in charge
and you better know it
well okay then you're not in charge
anymore so I just keep the monuments in
the sewer if I was them all right well
Baltimore isn't the only part of the
u.s. that is taking down these
Confederate monuments and statues
yesterday we talked a little bit about
Roy Cooper the Democratic governor of
North Carolina he wrote an op-ed arguing
that it makes all the sense in the world
to get rid of these statues in his state
and then also there are other lawmakers
so for instance in Kentucky they're
considering taking similar measures
Mayor Jim Gray of Lexington Kentucky is
also moving quickly to relocate to
Confederate monuments from outside a
historic former courthouse and so white
nationalists and neo-nazis are planning
on protesting there and hopefully it
doesn't turn out to be as violent as the
situation in Charlottesville so more
context so in in Maryland Maryland was
not in the South they were a border
state and some folks at Mount and same
with Kentucky so and Maryland Kentucky
both had people fighting on the in the
Confederacy and the Union so they don't
have any particularly jiz to the
Confederacy historically or as a matter
of heritage so there's no excuse on
those grounds but to the point of why
the mayor of Baltimore did what she did
now in Kentucky when they go to take
those statues down there's gonna be a
huge uproar and the neo-nazis and the
Klan is gonna come again and probably
the people who are protesting them will
come again and God knows what's gonna
happen and she's like look man it's done
I'm the mayor I gotta like to take
executive action I took executive action
I don't think there's gonna be too many
people in the city crying over it and
we're done with it okay it's already
finished so what do you want to do you
want to bring them out of there wherever
we're keeping and put them back up all
right well the next mayor could try that
see how it turns out but it is what it
is and we're done with it and so look I
think that we do have to go through a
process as I said yesterday in the in
the case of where they brought down the
monument in North Carolina and I don't
want people taking the law into their
own hands but in this case it is the
mayor that's her job okay and so you can
argue about whether the executive branch
should do it or the legislature should
do it but there's 738 Confederate
monuments that were erected not by
accident on purpose to terrorize African
Americans none of them should stand help
us build independent media together TYT
Network comm /join
