we have now entered a moment of truth
for all the people who supported Donald
Trump whether the Republicans
conservatives or whoever else they might
be now why is that of course if you
haven't been paying attention this is
dramatic moment here in his presidency
where we had this alt-right rally this
white nationalist rally in
Charlottesville they brought torches to
defend the Confederacy and and to
protect white nationalism and Donald
Trump equivocated not only did they
bring the torches but they also in a
rally the next day and Saturday also
brought weapons and clubs and long guns
and chanted things like Jews will not
replace us and blood and soil which is a
chant are from the nazi days and and
donald trump waited two days to condemn
them by name and then again yesterday
said no both sides are at fault
he called the people protesting the
nazis quote very very violent he never
called the nazis very very violent even
though they ran someone over and
murdered him and injured 19 people did I
leave that part out that somebody was
killed by a Nazi on US soil
and he still had hesitancy in calling
them out and and said the other side was
very very violent he even went as far as
to say that there are quote very fine
people on the side of the people who
organized a rally so some very fine
people among the Klan the Nazi in the
white nationalist okay so that's what he
did but look we offered in America I
talked about never again and we've
studied the Holocaust and what happened
there and we are very rightfully taught
that that should never be allowed to
happen again anywhere and certainly not
in the United States of America and I
guess I got to remind Trump supporters
were the ones who defeated the Nazis
they were on the other side we had a
giant war we beat them and we liberated
the people that they were persecuting
and how do you do never again will you
condemn it when it arises and this is
that moment this is the moment of truth
I know that he'd done many terrible
things before that's why we were opposed
to him he has targeted Muslims said
every Muslim should be banned from the
country when he was running on the
campaign trail and then when he was
president instead of the travel ban that
affected only Muslim countries yeah we
know he went after Mexicans and Latinos
he went after gays in in America
including their military service he went
after blacks with voter ID laws went
after Obama specifically on birth
certificate let alone when he did with
the Central Park five and the list goes
on and on we he had targeted all those
communities before but you know there
was always one excuse after another but
no you don't understand it's not that
we're against Mexicans it's their
illegals that are the problem I'm not
against all Muslims it's just that
Muslims are more dangerous there was
excuse after excuse after excuse there
is no more excuses now it's painfully
clear they in a in a chant they had by a
synagogue in Charlottesville as they as
the neo-nazis parade around with guns
outside the synagogue they were chanting
Sieg Heil and he said there was very
fine people on that side no no no it's
become crystal clear who Donald Trump is
so in this moment of truth if you don't
condemn this you got to think about who
you are are you a political animal who
doesn't even care about equivocating on
Nazis in the Klan just as long as your
side wins and what is that side what
side are you on
this isn't about tax cuts anymore this
isn't about what you do with Social
Security or Medicare or health care are
you saying that you agree with Donald
Trump that both sides in charlottesville
were equally guilty that that the people
protesting the Nazis had it coming I
mean these are outrageous unbelievable
implications of his statements so if you
are then okay then that's fine we're at
the moment of truth you raise your hand
you say yeah I'm on that side and as
some folks right now are doing it
there's some anchors on Fox News saying
they need to be defended
monuments need to be defended and that
there are fine people on that side there
are some senators who are equivocating
that among the Republicans or you're
just afraid to call them out and you're
a coward
that's okay raise your hand and say it
say it loud and say it proud because if
this isn't a moment of choosing I don't
know what is so this is not a fringe
player where you play political tricks
and go okay well that guy once said
something and maybe I can connect him
over to you he's the President of the
United States if you don't check this
this is when things get out of control
because afterwards the Nazi said he gave
us the green light you Richard Spencer
said by not condemning us for two days
he showed us that he loves us all
referring to the neo-nazis and the white
nationalists he said anybody knows that
by pretending to contentment condemn
most two days later which he then
basically withdrew the next day anyway
he said any anybody who is as stupid got
the message he's on our side
are you on that side this is your moment
to decide look it's not that hard
and now credit to a lot of Republicans
who have done the right thing
whether it's Mitch McConnell Paul Ryan
all of the Bush family Mitt Romney and
said look out here here's Mitt Romney
here's a quote he said no not the same
one side is racist bigoted not see the
other opposes racism and bigotry morally
different universes see that's crystal
clear so I still disagree with Mitt
Romney and a hundred other things but
this is not a hard decision to make this
is a very very low bar so if you're not
condemning what President Trump said at
this point I think that you will be
forever tainted and not you know look if
you're a right winger and you consider
me progressive you know particularly
care for what I say it's not about me
it's about history it's about how you'll
be judged and look if you think that's
fine and you're ready for that no
problem at all
but I think that history will look back
you go on you and go boy in that moment
you still stood by Trump and you backed
his statements that there are very fine
people on the neo-nazi side Wow that's
your call to make I can't make that for
you but I think right now not only
should there be universal condemnation
on the Republican side that's obvious
every single Republican legislature in
the country I mean a date said all along
they've said for years they've said for
decades that they weren't racist that
they weren't white supremacist they
weren't white nationalist they weren't
any of those things
well if you're not gonna stand up right
now when are you ever going to stand up
so that part should be done by every
Republican in the country and it's like
I said a very low bar but if you're in
the Trump White House and you're still
backing this guy you still work for this
guy we saw General John Kelly hang his
head yesterday during the press
conference there should be mass
resignations
if you don't resign that means you are
still happy to work for Donald Trump
after he's made these comments and
that's on you
I don't think history will look very
kindly on it helped us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
