Judge Judy normally it's a place where
you just listen to Judge Judy yell at
idiots well this week it was home to the
best thing I've ever seen in my life
ostensibly there was a man who filed a
suit against a woman saying she had his
dog and the woman said no I bought this
dog from someone on the street which
ostensibly she had and she said this is
not your dog I have a statement from the
veterinarian saying that it's older than
you claimed your dog to be judge Judy's
like I've heard enough bring in the dog
and let the dog decide well decide it
did take a look oh that's all take the
dog home this whole thing's done is done
here we're still having a conversation
and we finally have an answer to who let
the dogs out yeah Ellie Judge Judy over
there in it a little bit but I I didn't
watch the video prior to us doing it on
the show so I watched for the first time
along with you guys and I knew that it
would get me a little emotional but I
thought it would be because of the dog I
actually got more emotional because of
the owners response because he got teary
eyed and then seeing him get teary-eyed
made me teary-eyed because it made me
think about how much I love my dog you
know what I'm saying like that that bond
is one of the most amazing things the
world so I could I could imagine how
frustrating it was for him to see some
other woman take ownership of his dog if
there's one thing I know it's this is
that and I'm in line there's like a food
truck outside so I went and was buying
whatever lunch and I'm watching it in
line
crying like that crying eyes are so soft
the whole buildup is like he's like that
my dog and I love her or whatever it is
and then the woman's like no I have all
this stuff and he's just like no and as
the dogs brought into this to the to the
courtroom he just sees it and he can't
look away
and he looks and the dog is all like
shaking in the arms and so I don't know
no dog so I didn't cry like these two
snowflakes over here my favorite part of
the video is when judges like no no
we're done with this yeah it's uh gala
whenever I when I win an argument like
take the dog would it be absurd to watch
it one more time
oh that's all take the dog home
this is dog that's all
take the dog home that's my move from
now on the Judge Judy move that's all if
you like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
