when it comes to videos online a man
named bill bunting hit a home run
baseball joke a lot of people criticize
Trump for being ambiguous in his
response to the events in
Charlottesville this man let leaves no
room for ambiguity hey what the hell is
going on out here
man I don't understand any of y'all were
in America anymore I mean I'm gonna tell
you white nationalist sons of bitches up
there in Virginia something no real
quick you don't represent me you don't
represent the south you don't represent
Southern heritage or southern culture
and you damn sure don't represent white
people you're a little small speck I'm
fuckin crud in this country and we're
about tired of it and that goes for the
black haters too we're getting tired of
the hate and it bad enough that the
government kills us and it bad enough
that the government murders the world
and it bad enough that police murder us
in the street huh ain't it bad that
somebody else I hear is ripping us off
and stealing from us and killing us but
then you got to go make some fucking
shit
yeah and y'all better cover your ears
because this ain't gonna be pretty right
here and I'm goddamn sick of it I'm sick
of it you go up with a bunch of torches
like so I keep going after some
Frankenstein monster or something
somebody oughta beat the goddamn dog
shit out of y'all's asses now I don't
condone that last part okay I want to be
clear I don't want the dog shit kicked
out of anyone okay
and I'm not sure I agree with the
entirety of his message but it is
refreshing to see the other side of the
south yes and so this is what I talk
about all time on the show and I tell
you I love the south and I love places
like Kentucky and Alabama and Arkansas
Mississippi all the places I've gone
gone and yes there is a a sign that it
needs calling out and we do call it out
but you don't get to see this side you
know what that is that's straight dawg
okay so and that's what I like it's a
fighting spirit I just need that
fighting spirit directed in the right
way and and Bill Bunton they're bunting
bless his heart is is certainly headed
in the right direction yeah I loved
every part of that I mean look again the
violence I don't condone okay so let's
get that caveat
the way however not only did his message
you know go against the stereotypes that
I think people in the South deal with
but I just like how passionate he was
you know what I'm saying like it was
passionate it was spirited and I like
that he's calling them out and say you
guys are clowns
um he's awesome anyway much love to you
yeah so I had a friend from Turkey come
in and studied down in Georgia and the
minute he got there he's like I love
this place
okay he's like I like the rednecks and
they like me okay we we like the same
things we like girls we like gambling we
like booze
hey we're honest right so but those are
more innocent times the fact that he was
from Turkey didn't matter at all back
then right nowadays it might not be the
same at least for some folks but it's
good to see that the the bill buntings
of the world still have our back that's
how we're Americans together support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network comm / join
