there was a group on this side you can
call him the lefty you've just called
him the left that came violently
attacking the other group all right let
me be blunt if you equate this to this
you are a moron and if you compare this
to this then yes you're also a
blithering moron and contributing to the
problem can't believe I'm saying this in
2017 but Nazis are Nazis that's it if
you equate them hatred and bigotry on
all sides you humanize them if you
compel them yessum bigotry don't forget
to include the so-called anti-fascist on
your list you sympathize with them if it
takes you three days to condone them
this egregious display of hatred bigotry
in violence on many sides you embolden
that Nazis do not deserve your reasoning
or your justification so I'm not even
going to insinuate that these never
touched a breast ticky-tock scary and
basement modules have a remotely
legitimate complaint by bothering to
dismantle the ridiculousness that is
equating them to other movements I'm
going to treat them like every media
outlet in the world should be treating
them like scum by shaming them and
roasting their statefarm looking ass
like young Peter here you see peanut
doesn't want people to think of him as
an angry racist in this photo so it
really would be a shame for Peter if we
I don't know reposted his face thousands
of times if we say photoshopped him next
to his idol and hell we even threw a
pedo stache on his upper lip just to
drive the point home if you don't want
to be seen as the racist white
supremacist you are maybe don't travel
from Reno to Virginia to express your
hate maybe instead of being a we can not
see you I don't know go to Vegas it's
just an hour flight and then you can put
that eight-year old schoolboy haircut to
good use on the dance floor instead of
promoting ethnic cleansing then maybe
you would not be seen as the racist you
well and truly are moving on oh if it
isn't Gandalf that never been laid of
course this soap Dodger is on the front
lines or in his platoon of khaki cows to
incite a riot how about instead you
order them into a brothel so there is at
least a 20% chance some of them get to
talk to a girl this terrorist spent
years in prison for plans to bomb black
and Jewish businesses I did the white
national community not do more to notify
us of this career criminal right in
their midst
where was he radicalized and who could
forget millennial
you just scream keep me 50 feet from a
school is this the 2017 Nazi dress code
don't Chawla check grow a prepubescent
mustache check boreal dad's shit stay in
khakis check what's next you're trying
to tell me that someone would do their
best to cosplay as like Milo Yein
yep there they are when you depict
yourself as a poor-man's milo you're
essentially modeling yourself after a
discount item you're basically Pepsi Max
I wonder if top dog will survive without
their peroxide powderpuff holding down
the tills seeing as they filed him into
those saying I hate Nazis but getting
fired because of your beliefs is just
wrong yes you have the constitutional
right to hold reprehensible hateful
viable lease but you don't have the
right to hold on to your job when those
beliefs start costing your employer
business get a load of these bunk bed
buddies I can just smell the late nights
of flag polishing and glue sniffing
these two wild cats have spent together
I mean the guy on the left he just looks
like a Wolverine ride headfirst into a
pickup truck spent his hours in between
fighting crime at Carl's jr. and grew
out a neck hair for every girl who
swiped left on his creepy ass but on the
bright side at least your mum let you
borrow her earring for your facebook
profile I'm sure your cousin slash
sister slash aunt will find that very
attractive and then there's the white
supremacist NSYNC you know how I know
this guy's not to be messed with because
he has the sheer balls to pose with a
leaf of a drug that is still illegal in
some states across America what a badass
right what's next posing with cough
drops flipping the bird with a bottle of
Pepto Bismol damn it must feel good to
be a gangsta right oh and before I
forget can y'all tell your racist uncle
that throwing up a Nazi salute whilst
wearing an 82nd Airborne Division hat is
somewhat contradictory considering the
82nd airborne you know fought the Nazis
now if you're offended by my harsh words
Nazis if you're upset that instead of
breaking down the floors and their
argument Nazis if you think I should
have been more professional in my
approach to this Nazis the whole point
is to show the world that these neck
beard wearing pornhub abuse and people
shoe carrying tools do not deserve to be
validated with debate or counter points
you see I posted an image on my
Instagram to set a trap to deliberately
gauge how many people would respond with
of course I'm upset at both of those
protests and of course Ryan cure the
same absurd justifications we've been
hearing from an array of right-wingers
and even our president came to
by studying Europe Senate both you are
equating Nazis to the people protesting
the unlawful killing of Americans you're
equating Nazis who advocate for
unemployed racist mass murder to people
who are trying to stop unlawful murders
of a group of people just because of
their race follow me on instagram at
Francis a Maxwell on Twitter also at
Francis and Maxwell like and share the
video call out these Nazis and continue
to resist
