the Department of Justice is demanding
personal information and identifying
information on individuals who have
frequented an anti-trump web site now
the company that hosts the URL for this
website is DreamHost they're located in
Los Angeles and they have spoken to the
media and also released a blog post
about this and they're concerned that
this could lead to unfair retaliation
against people who simply don't like
Trump now Dreamhouse claim that
complying with the request from the
Justice Department would amount to
handing over roughly 1.3 million visitor
IP addresses to the government in
addition to contact information email
content and photos of thousands of
visitors to the website now to be more
specific on the details that they're
asking for they have requested names
addresses telephone numbers email
addresses business information length of
service meaning how long have they been
going to this Web site also the means
and source of payment for services
including any credit card or bank
account information and also information
about any domain name registration so
look keep in mind that the Trump
administration was also going
state-by-state asking for detailed
personal information on individuals and
who they voted for ok secretaries of
state in in some instances denied them
access to that information now they're
going after people who are visiting a
resist website and so this is crazy this
is insane yes so there's a thousand
things wrong with this first of all
again if you are an advocate of freedom
of speech whether you're on the left or
the right you hate this these are people
who are exercising their freedom of
speech to protest the government now
right-wingers have also done that can
you imagine if under Obama Obama's now
oh you wanted to protest me I want your
name address phone number
I want your bank accounts I want all of
your private information of anyone who
dared to protest me what would they have
said they would have first lost their
minds second they would have thought
that he was gonna set up FEMA camps etc
it would have been dead set against it
and they would
green freedom of speech by the way you
would have been right about that I don't
want to Obama
I don't want Trump I don't want any
Democrat I don't want any Republican
getting all the information of the
people who protested that that's that's
not that's the most unamerican thing you
can do it's in the First Amendment so if
you're a right winger I hope you're
outraged by this story and and you're
breathing fire over today look this is
why what Edward Snowden did was so
important informing us about what the
NSA was doing when they were
indiscriminately collecting metadata on
us right it was important because it
could be used as a form of intimidation
against people who speak truth to power
who want to protest the government right
if they're monitoring you and monitoring
your activity and behavior online I mean
they have leverage over you and if who's
to say that if a liberal president or a
Democrat president does it that it's not
going to be utilized by a right-wing
president someone as dangerous as Trump
I mean it was a terrible terrible thing
that happened under the Obama
administration and the reason why we
criticized it was because it was wrong
but you don't hear people on the right
criticizing what's going on with the
Trump administration but this really
should be something that unifies us as
net neutrality does and then and the
right-wingers get that hey they could
shut down our web sites too this is a
really bad idea we have to protect net
neutrality because Obama's
administration is attacking that
neutrality this is a similar issue
because if you are worried about FEMA
camps and how the left wants to control
everything in your lives etc when
Trump's out of office if there's a
left-wing president in your fantasies
about how they're gonna seize all of
your guns and assets and all this stuff
nothing would help them more than this
exactly if you are talking about a
government seizure of all that you hold
dear this is how they would start by
getting all that information so it
should be a hell no from the right-wing
and a hell no from the left-wing and a
hell no from anyone in America who
believes in America by the way the judge
who gave this warrant it was a horrible
horrible mistake because what the just
Department claimed was well during
inauguration there was two hundred
people who we arrested now we know they
didn't all do the violence but they were
in the general vicinity remember the
arrests that were based on they
called in proximity arrests really in
America there's proximity arrests some
of which were journalists covering the
protests of the rights okay so but even
so because of the 200 people arrested
they didn't ask for a warrant of their
names they know their names they
arrested him they said no give me a
warrant for 1.3 million Americans anyone
who went to this website to protest
Donald Trump give me all their
information are you insane
a warrant is supposed to be specific
it's supposed to be very specific and
here you have every reason to be able to
give a specific warrant you have the 200
names no they didn't ask for the 200
names they asked for the 1.3 million
names because they want it for a
different reason that's right
hell no thank God for this company
DreamHost that's fighting against this
every decent lawyer America the best
lawyers in the world should go and say
no not on our watch they should overturn
this and under no circumstances should
they give this information well one of
the lawyers working on on this case and
representing dreamhost said the
following and I want to leave you with
his quote because I think it's it's
right on the money so Chris Kazarian is
his name he says the search warrant not
only aims to identify the political
dissidents of the current administration
but attempts to identify and understand
what content each of these dissidents
viewed on the website so they want to
know what these people are simply
looking at and and what they're planning
on using that information for I mean I
think we can guess now we're talking
about political dissidents in America
this is what we've come to help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
