after the violence in Charlottesville
Virginia it's been clear that there is
an issue of white supremacy in the
country right wing violence in the
country and unfortunately it is not an
issue that the Trump administration has
any interest in tackling in fact there
has been some evidence of that back in
2009 there was an organization known as
life after hate that thankfully the
Obama administration funded later on in
his presidency he offered the
organization $400,000 in order to help
people who have been part of white
nationalist movement get out of those
movements safely so the whole point is
you know to find people who don't want
to be part of these movements anymore
and then safely get them out without
fear of retaliation
now the Trump administration has decided
to defund that organization in June the
Trump administration dropped funding for
one of the few organizations devoted to
countering countering and D radicalizing
white extremists in the United States
reuters reported in early february that
the government was looking into shifting
the counter violent extremism programs
focus honing in on extremism connected
to Muslim groups exclusively the
administration also froze ten million in
the CVE funding only a few months later
life after hate was dropped from the
program's list of funded groups so CVE
is trying to counter all radicals
whether they're what right-wingers white
nationalists Muslims or whatever it
might be right so even that program
they're like whoa well let's hold on now
do we really want to do that but main
reason they wanted to pause is not
because they wanted to not go after
Muslim radicals of course they did right
they wanted to weed out the programs
that went after white supremacists so
life after hate is was the only program
funded under CBE that only focused on on
whites there are other programs that
focus on Muslims that focus on other
groups but this group program was
specifically for white supremacists it's
a former neo-nazi who who found a new
got out of the
and wanted to help people get out of the
movement and then unlike the previous
tracking by the government etc they're
not infiltrating anybody they're not
going into your mosque or your church
they're not going into your student
groups all this group does is if you're
looking to get out we're gonna help you
get out right okay they offer support to
people who no longer want to be part of
a hate group and so since they're the
ones that were exclusively about white
supremacists are that's easy your
funding is gone exactly okay and they
founder of the group and is just quoting
facts and stats when he says but wait we
have white supremacists have done more
terrorist attacks than Muslim radicals
inside the United States in fact twice
as many so you're this is gonna lead to
problems and here we are that's right
and look this is this is just one
example of the right-wing going out of
its way to either defund or dismantle an
organization that's trying to combat
non-muslim right-wing extremism in the
country which we do have a problem with
back in 2009 the Department of Homeland
Security was bullied into dismantling a
department that focused solely on
right-wing extremism in the country and
we're now feeling the ramifications of
that okay yeah so let's by the way in
case we're not clear enough about it we
or in this video because we've said it
over and over in other videos Obama
didn't do the right thing either right
he as an opponent out at the very end of
his administration he finally gave this
group funding etc but earlier in his
administration because he was
intimidated by Rush freaking Limbaugh he
he also D prioritized going after
radical white supremacists who might do
terrorism it was a terrible mistake in a
Republican was running that group inside
Department of Homeland Security and ever
since Obama has done that he's come out
and gone this is a terrible mistake
there are more white supremacists in the
country that Muslim radicals they're
more terrorist attacks by those guys we
should be going after those guys don't
worry about what rich liberal Limbaugh
says or the Republicans say go and we're
not targeting the right wing we're
targeting right wing radicals that's
white supremacist racist radicals that's
right and just to be clear this is not
to
eh-oh we should shift all of our focus
and all of our priorities on combating
white supremacy no it means hey we have
an issue with white supremacy
let's also allocate some of our
resources in combating that as well and
by the way I have some stats on
right-wing non Muslim terrorism in the
country I'll get to that in just a
second but I also want to note that
after Trump's election life after hate
reportedly saw a 20-fold increase in
calls for help from those reporting
signs of radicalization in themselves or
others so obviously there is a need for
this organization and again they just
lost their funding now going back to the
stats that I promised you let's go to
graphic 17 a so this past May there was
a report obtained by foreign policy and
members of both agencies the CIA and the
FBI I'm sorry at the FBI and the
Department of Homeland Security warned
that white supremacists quote likely
will continue to pose a threat of lethal
violence over the next year entitled
white supremacist extremism poses
persistent threat of lethal violence the
report concludes that white supremacist
were responsible for 49 homicides in 26
attacks from 2000 to 2016 more than any
other domestic extremist movement so
they also kill it canceled at $900,000
grand for the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill to counter
jihadis wait why would they do that
because it was the counter jihadist and
white supremacist recruiting Oh
mmm even if you're going after jihadis
if you're also going after white
supremacists
you're gonna lose your funding god this
is insanity man the it mean it's not
just Donald Trump's press conferences
not just his tweets it's not just that
he has these monsters like Steve Bannon
and Gorka Sebastien Gorka and his wife
who's who believes insane things about
how the Muslims are trying to take over
the federal government no you know who
took over the federal government white
supremacists that's who took over the
federal government that's why you
defunded anything that would fight
against white supremacist it even at the
cost of going after jihadist as well
right so by the way Sebastian Gorka just
last week on TV one of the top
the president said there's been no
attacks in America no terrorist attacks
in America that you couldn't connect to
Isis or al-qaeda that is so not true
that they see that's what we're talking
about they don't care about reality
we're trying to have a debate with guys
who don't care about facts right they
just want to drive their agenda but both
the Gorkhas are well known in far-right
circles is deeply anti-muslim not anti
Muslim radicals we're all against Muslim
radicals just anti-muslim and so they go
out there and they go no I don't see any
right wing terrorism even though the FBI
in the Department of Homeland Security
says there's twice as many attacks from
that group and by the way that's not a
great thing for Muslims overall because
there's a lot less Muslims in America
than there are white people or
right-wingers so it's still a really bad
proportion we're not talking about that
we're talking about who's gonna kill us
who's gonna kill Americans as a raw
number it's a far more likely to be
white supremacist so put some dollars
behind that so they don't kill us it's
not that complicated but no they care
about their agenda and their agenda is
about bigotry and hatred more than they
care about protecting American lives
it's grotesque help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
