48 hours after violence broke out in
Charlottesville Virginia Donald Trump
finally made the decision to denounce
white supremacy and the neo-nazis who
basically geared violence toward counter
protesters and did the white nationalist
white supremacist neo Nazis believe
anything he had to say when he denounced
them not so much now first after he gave
a press conference today and he
basically backtracked and said that
there was violence on both sides again
David Duke tweeted and thanked the
president
Thank You president Trump for your
honesty and courage to tell the truth
about Charlottesville and condemned the
leftist terrorists in black lives matter
and NT feh
so I mean we all know who David Duke is
former Klan member I mean former Klan
member he's still a neo-nazi okay so
David Duke is nice to member he's the
President did quote an old commercial he
was the Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan
I had him on the show a little while
back not on the main show but on Tea
Party interviews and it was one of the
most painful interviews I've ever done
but if you don't believe Ana that he's a
neo-nazi is still deeply deeply racist
anti-semitic go watch that interview my
god never seen anyone who hates the Jews
more than David Duke if you if anybody
so much as sneezes he's like it's the
Jews so now that guy a former Grand
Wizard in a lot of ways with the same
exact thoughts he had when he was the
Grand Wizard of the Klan go watch the
interview you will you'll agree with me
okay deeply deeply as deeply racist and
anti-semitic as you could possibly get
going
Bravo Donald Trump Bravo that's right
that's sorry just do an equivalency
between the Nazis and the Klan and
people on the Left who say that black
people should have civil rights
okay yes Bravo all Nazi salute you
indeed right well another person who
wasn't buying Donald Trump's
denouncement of white supremacist was
Richard Spencer in fact he released a
statement about it he said that Trump's
statement today was more kumbaya
nonsense only a dumb person would take
those lines seriously so Duke actually
saw the press conference that's what he
got so excited about Richard Spencer
tweeted before the press conference
saying oh when Trump two days later to
announce this
everybody knows that he doesn't mean it
that's why he waited in two days only an
idiot would think that he actually meant
that condemnation and it turns out it's
the first thing that Richard Spencer has
ever been right about cuz right
afterwards your Spencer tweets that
Trump gets out there and goes yeah it
was that's right
I blame both sides and the people who
got run over our have a semblance of
guilt that's what he said okay the the
counter protesters have a semblance of
guilt and they were all so violent and
and he also said there's very good
people on both sides so now Richard
Spencer and David Duke are high-fiving
not seeing Klan unite but we got the
president on our side this is not a Nazi
country it's not a country for the Klan
this guy is gonna be ridden out of
office tarred and feathered as he should
be he should already be gone but and let
me tell you another reason why he's gone
because Donald Trump is not the guy who
gracefully gets out of a problem he's
gonna double down triple down quadruple
down this is just the beginning he will
attack the people who were murdered the
person who was murdered and the people
who were harmed in that Charles Ville
protests over and over and over again
was he does it once he does it ten times
and he will support the guys that were a
part of that rally over and over and
over again cuz he can't help himself cuz
that's what he believes you know another
thing that he did over and over and over
again during his campaign was ridicule a
member of our military Muslim member of
our military who lost his life in the
line of duty okay and then further
ridiculed his family members over and
over again keep in mind that the right
wing is supposed to be the pro military
party the party that wants to respect
the troops that you know wants to
support the troops but he did it over
and over and over again and they didn't
care and I'm perfectly fine counterpoint
and it's
gross and sickening but they were Muslim
and so some much higher percentage of
the country not the majority but a much
higher percentage of the country thinks
they're Muslim are they really American
but that girl who was killed in
Charlottesville hether higher 32 years
old from Virginia they're not gonna
think the same thing two cops were
killed I know it was an accident and not
part of the protests but they were
monitoring the protests those are you
know so it's a different equation and he
went after the the Muslim family in this
case it's a Nazi guy who killed that
young girl who injured those 19 people
so look I think we're gonna find out I
think being a Nazi is that bridge too
far if you're President of the United
States oh hope to god I'm right about
that but if I'm not then we're all in
for a world of hurt and you want talking
about brace for impact
if these guys white nationalists take
over
they call themselves white nationalist
the National Socialists they're and they
say no no it we're not white supremacist
we're white nationalist whatever dude
whatever I love how I love how offended
they get when we don't use the
terminology that they like I don't care
about offending you and by the way one
more thing here to add to this story
Richard Spencer also said if you notice
the president in condemning the
different groups never said the phrase
white nationalist he didn't condemn what
we call ourselves why don't you call
them by their name why would you call
them by their name because he is Pro
terrorism as long as it's white national
terrorism help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
