Donald Trump got a lot of criticism
after the violence broke out in
Charlottesville Virginia and he
originally said that hey there's
violence on both sides
later on he finally released a statement
48 hours later condemning the white
supremacist who carried out the acts of
violence however now it seems like he's
taking that statement back in fact he
believes that there are members of the
alt-right there are wonderful people
there was hatred there was violence
Muslims are like this blade yes I think
this blame on both sides you look at
look at both sides
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it and you don't
have any doubt about it either and if
you reported it accurately
but you also had people that were very
fine people on both sides
you had people in that group excuse me
excuse me I saw the same pictures as you
did you had people in that group that
were there to protest the taking down of
to them a very very important statue and
the renaming of a park from robert e lee
to another name all right I Anna I have
a thought on this too no no no no no no
no this guy's so fucking done so you're
telling me that you're gonna tell the
American people those guys who showed up
with Klan torches to support a
Confederate statue if it was just a
Confederate statue yes that's your
portion of trumps pacers like yea
Confederacy is awesome
Southern heritage whatever right and
they don't want to complete the thought
and what was the Confederate heritage
all about I know I know that that's a
decent chunk of the American people but
then you had the guys with swastikas you
had the guys showing up with Klan
outfits you had the guys who were white
nationalist white supremacist at the
there it was unite the right of all the
loathsome things on the right if he if
he if that's trumps version of the
right-wing I'm telling you right now
there's a lot of right-wingers in
America who go no I didn't sign up for
that I'm not going to a Klan rally with
torches and he just put me in the same
group is he saying that I'm part of that
no no no no no no no no so look I'm not
as he's way worse to the right wing than
I am which is amazing because I actually
think that there's a decent chunk of a
right wing that doesn't believe in that
at all but he thinks that's you guys he
thinks that that rally was uniting the
right that oh yeah I mean you've got the
Klan in the Nazis and you know you got
the good guys like the white nationalist
where the hell were the good guys on
that side now this no man this guy's
supporting nuts this is crazy he's gone
man this is not America and I if I'm
wrong about that and it turns out
America is pre-world War two Germany
well then we're all screwed but I don't
think so I think we're away
way better country than that and even a
majority of the right-wingers we're
gonna at some point raise their hand and
go I'm not part of the freakin Klan man
I don't know what this guy's talking
about watch the young turks
commercial-free downloaded a stream it
watch it anyway you like at TYT Network
calm slash join
