so after the horrific events in
Charlottesville Donald Trump had a
chance to speak out about it and he
absolutely blew that opportunity
condemning Nazis is about as low a bar
as you could possibly have and he
couldn't clear it and not only
condemning Nazis but Nazis committing
violence in America and he couldn't
clear that bar so first before fields
ran into the crowd with his car there
was already mayhem and violence and
right-wing throwing tear gas canisters
according to the reporters at the scene
and tear gas and all the things that was
happening at that point Donald Trump
starts tweeting he says we all must be
united and condemn all that hate stands
for there's no place for this kind of
violence in America let's come together
as one so so far no problem I would have
been far more clear on who was
committing the violence but if this is
the beginning so far he and then a
little bit later in the morning on
Saturday he says M in Bedminster four
meetings a press conference on Virginia
all that we have done and are doing to
make it better but Charlotte ville sad
okay still no calling out of the white
nationalist who organized this rally
unite the right no calling out of the
torches that they were carrying than
swastikas the Klan gear etc let alone
clearly identifying who's doing the
violence and the white nationalists who
organized this including Richard Spencer
took this as an encouraging sign saw
Trump's tweets and said did Trump just
denounce and Tifa meaning those are the
protesters who some call leftist but are
more inclined towards anarchy and and so
in other words the white nationalist
going C jumped in calls out we think
he's referring to the counter protesters
well if you don't say clearly they get
to make that claim so Trump made it way
worse when he finally did speak out and
said this we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigots
and violence on many sides on many sides
it's been going on for a long time in
our country not Donald Trump not Barack
Obama it's been going on for a long long
time so of course he mentions not Donald
Trump not Barack Obama because he thinks
people are gonna blame him for it he
says no it's not my fault well then why
don't you say that white nationalist
shouldn't have done it they why don't
you say the KKK and the neo-nazis that
were rallying together shouldn't have
done it it's not that hard it's
literally the easiest thing you can do
he doesn't want to say it cuz you know
why because he thinks that's his base
and he doesn't want to upset his base
it's grotesque man because they're gonna
take it as a green light and as I'm
about to show you they did now he let
this fester for two days other
Republican senators are going on TV
saying it's domestic terror Ted Cruz
saying he's domestic terrorism Jeff
Sessions Attorney General saying
domestic terrorism and and saying that
it was clearly the the white nationalist
who were doing it and the far-right wing
that was doing it but Trump won't say it
and they took it as a green light but
finally he comes out and makes this
statement on Monday as I said on
Saturday we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence it has no
place in America racism is evil and
those who cause violence in its name are
criminals and thugs including the KKK
neo-nazis white supremacist and other
hate groups that are repugnant to
everything we hold dear as Americans
those who spread violence in the name of
bigotry strike at the very core of
America and that took two days meanwhile
Ivanka's tweeting everybody's all over
TV finally after all the pressure in the
world and every advisors saying hey
idiot
it's not hard to condemn the KKK no you
didn't win because of the neo-nazis yes
the neo-nazis were probably on your side
that's part of them Lee because they
just showed up in Red Hat saying make
America great again at the stress of a
rally let alone all the polling evidence
etc but they're not the core of your
voters by the way you're so stupid the
core of your voters are people who
couldn't stand Hillary Clinton not Nazis
in America but Trump thinks hey that's
my guys that's my boys that's why I
didn't want to call about finally when
he does hear he's reading from a
teleprompter somebody had to write it
out for him they like god forbid that we
let Trump speak off the cuff on this he
will say horrific things write it for
him and make sure the schmuck says it
word for word and then when he does he
says you know I condemn you know
violence from every place including the
KKK and neo-nazi wow wow are you not
merciful thank you for finally showing
up so Jim Acosta afterwards is going at
try to ask him some questions and listen
to that our interaction
and why are we not having a press
conference
you have across continents we had a
breath
we just have a question we ask you some
more questions
they've been condemned what else do you
want can we have a press conference
where we ask you questions this is a
press conference can I ask you a
question no your fakeness okay so
apparently not a press conference so
most importantly he you know you can get
into a silly debate of well I mean he
probably in his head meant the KKK when
he said many many sides well you might
have that debate but the neo-nazis did
not at the daily stormer they were
thrilled
that's a neo-nazi website and when they
saw Trump blame many sides here's what
they wrote on their blog they said Trump
comments were good he didn't attack us
he just said the nation should come
together nothing specific against us he
said that we need to study why people
are so angry and implied that there was
hate on both sides so he implied that
antifa are haters there was virtually no
counter signaling of us at all he said
he loves us all
daily Stormers named after an Nazi
propaganda during World War two
publication that did that kind of
propaganda so here the neo-nazis in
America saying see he come he said oh
it's on many sides that means he loves
us all you know what that is it's called
a dog whistle except it used to be a dog
whistle that was subtle now it's a human
whistle we can all hear it and certainly
that daily stormer heard it and they
viewed Trump's messages overwhelmingly
positive for neo-nazis in America that's
not us saying it that's them saying it
they went on to say no condemnation at
all when asked to condemn Trump just
walked out of the room really really
good god bless him so here's where we
are guys we're not Cesar's saying god
bless the President of the United States
he's been really really good to us He
loves us and that's why he wouldn't
condemn us so Trump knew what message he
was sending if you're not well versed in
politics and you think ye seem to
condemn some sort of violence no no no
that message
was received and for white supremacists
all across the country it was a giant
blinking green light go forward because
when I condemned it a couple of days
later because they make me do it
I don't really mean it now how dangerous
are these guys so they say things like
we have an army this is the beginning of
a war now look you can talk about
symbolic armies and everybody does that
and so I I wouldn't read you that quote
if it wasn't for the second part the
beginning of a war
so do they mean literally violence and
war well we saw it happen in
Charlottesville
but here's more from the daily stormer
again in regards to what what happened
this weekend he said and to everyone
know this we are now at war and we are
not going to back down we are going to
go bigger than Charlottesville we're
going to go huge we're going to take
over the country we learned a lot today
and we are going to remember what we
learned this has only just begun one of
the things they learned today is that
the president is on their side and won't
call out Nazis this is what we've sunk
to again if you think oh no a president
taking his time and waiting two days
imagine if it was a Muslim radical who
had done the attack you think Trump
waits two days he he usually tweets
before we find out who even did it when
he thinks it's Muslims he'll take credit
for it after Orlando he said I
appreciate all the congratulations for
me predicting that it was Muslims but
when it comes to white supremacists and
domestic terrorism all of a sudden II
can't find it yeah a phone to tweet from
he can't find a camera the guy who loves
gamers can't find one for two whole days
and finally comes us fine
including the KKK and the Nazis hi guys
so in case you were confused about that
message the Nazis were not Nazis in
America or thrilled and they say they're
going to go bigger than Charlottesville
thanks a lot Donald Trump we appreciate
it and now among the many terrible
excuse is given is from Tom Bossard
who's a White House Homeland Security
he went on television and said this
making an excuse for Trump's inaction
but I would say is that the president
not only condemned the violence and
stood up at a time in a moment when calm
was necessary and did and and didn't
dignify the names of these groups of
people but rather addressed the
fundamental issue so Jake what you need
to focus on is the rest of his statement
the president didn't just call for human
beings to respect one another which is
his pragmatist core fundamental
bare-minimum but he called for ideally
Americans to love one another so the
newer excuses no we don't want to dick
no dignify them by saying their names
you don't see if their names when
they're terrorists really
because here's Donald Trump back in a
November of 2015 as he's running for
president
when will President Obama issue the
words radical Islamic terrorism he can't
say it and unless he will the problem
will not be solved back then you got to
say their names you got to say their
names oh it's my voters it's my
supporters it's the people who love me
the most in America Nazis and KKK and
white supremacist oh don't say their
name that would legitimize them wink and
one more tweet from Trump in June of
he said his President Obama are going to
finally mention the words radical
Islamic terrorism if he doesn't he
should immediately resign in disgrace if
you can't say the words KKK and
neo-nazis and white supremacist for two
whole days then maybe we should apply
the same standard to you that you made
up for Obama resign and disgrace because
that's what you are you're absolutely
disgraceful if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
