you know what let me let me remind you
were trumped in so let me actually show
you video to one last time here and then
and then I'll tell you their hit the
Republican reaction to it so Donald
Trump on Saturday did not condemn the
white nationalist supremacist KKK or the
Nazis he said this we condemn in the
strongest possible terms this egregious
display of hatred bigotry and violence
on many sides on many sides it's been
going on for a long time in our country
not Donald Trump not Barack Obama it's
been going on for a long long time so
clearly not calling out people by their
names the groups by their names and
creating one of the worst false
equivalencies I have ever seen in my
life where he seems to be blaming the
peaceful protesters who were run over
and killed and the same batches the
neo-nazis who did it
so Republican legislators and other
conservatives had mixed reactions to
that so first let me give you the guys
who seem to back Trump senator Luthor
strange Republican of Alabama said I
stand with President Trump and leaders
from both parties condemning these
actions and encourage Americans to stand
together in opposition to those who
encourage hate or promote violence so
taken by itself as a perfectly fine
statement taken in the context of hate
are you a trump when he won't call out
the white supremacists not a fine
statement obviously trying to say both
sides do it no they're both sides did
not do it it was the white nationalists
who did it so then you go to pence and
pence is gonna be filled with talking
out of both sides of his mouth because
he's a classic sleazy politician luckily
here the reporters not going to let him
get away with it let's watch President
Trump
yesterday stated clearly that he
condemns hate and violence in all of its
forms we will not tolerate
hatred and violence of groups like white
supremacist the KKK and the neo-nazis
these these extremist fringe groups have
no place in the American debate but you
say condemn them in the strongest
possible terms you say that why won't
the president use those same words and
why hasn't he I think the American
people heard the president yesterday
speak plainly and condemn in his words
in the strongest possible terms
organizations that purveyor hate and
violence so pen said naming their give
him credit for that and he does have to
somehow defend Donald Trump who is
indefensible but when he says he
condemned them in the strongest possible
terms that's the opposite of what he did
he didn't condemn them he didn't name
them instead he was equivocal about it
did daily stormer a neo-nazi website
afterwards said see Trump loves us all
he did not condemn us he's on our side
they received that message pants as
usual wanting it both ways no no I did
the right thing but I completely support
President Trump who did a horrific thing
I mean he kind of condemned them more he
said on many sides named those sides
what are the sides well look as I said
today we we condemn in the strongest
terms the hate and and violence
advocated by groups like white
supremacist neo Nazis and and their ilk
but that's one side what's the other
side when he says on many sides well as
you look throughout the course of recent
years we've seen protests turned violent
we've seen fringe groups use peaceful
protest environment to bring violence in
some cases against police officer mm so
you see comparing black lives matter
there to these domestic terrorists you
know the biggest charge they have
against black lives matter is once they
chanted the wrong thing I thought you
guys were for freedom of speech and it
was by the way if you've never seen the
history of that that whole fry him like
bacon a chant was done with the a cop
that was there and they were kidding
around but no they turned that into I
can't believe they chanted the wrong
thing how dare they speak in America and
now you do
false equivalency now you're doing it
actively Mike Pence and comparing them
the people who murdered people on the
streets one last one from pets I'm gonna
tell you Peter that I take issue with
the fact that many in the media are
spending more time criticizing how the
president addressed these this is orrin
hatch and Cory Gardner sir it's not me
reading their quotes many in the media
spent an awful lot of time focusing on
what the president said and criticisms
of what the president said instead of
criticizing those who brought that
hatred and violence to the streets yes
you know why because there's always been
the KKK in America there's always been
neo-nazis so and and from time to time
they've taken violent action but it is
supposed with a president that stands up
for all of us it's supposed to be a
government that condemns it brings law
and order rule of law and actually make
sure that you protect our citizens
so having terrorism in America
unfortunately is something that has
happened before having a president not
condemning the terrorism because he
thinks it's their voters is unique and
horrific if you had any sense at all
you'd be able to understand that but
he's a pathetic yes-man for Donald Trump
so there he is
you know coddling Trump and and
condoning his actions so now let's be
fair though there were a lot of
Republicans who who were much clearer
than the president was including his
Attorney General and Jeff Sessions has
been criticized in the past for issues
relating to race but here I think he did
exactly the right thing I want to show
you a clip from him he was this domestic
terror well it doesn't meet the
definition of the death domestic
terrorism in our statute we are pursuing
it when the Department of Justice in
every way that we can make it make a
case you can be sure we will charge and
advance the investigation toward the
most serious charges
that can be brought because this is an
unequivocally unacceptable and evil
attack that cannot be accepted in
America
so uh that's great and that's the right
way to do it and he's not alone there
was a lot of Republicans who came out
and we're strong on this issue Senator
Lindsey Graham said I would urge the
President to dissuade these groups that
he's their friend because certainly they
do think that right now senator Orrin
Hatch said we should call evil by its
name my brother didn't give his life
fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go
unchallenged here at home
so a lot I disagree with all these guys
on well bless our hearts on being clear
here
Anthony scrum uchi went on TV of course
White House communications director for
Donald Trump for about three seconds he
said it was much harsher as it relates
to white supremacist and that it was
incumbent on him to do so because of the
moral authority of the presidency that
he should have been much harsher when he
came to white supremacists HR McMaster
the National Security Advisor said that
it was a form of terrorism so that is
also clear senator Cory Gardner said mr.
president we must call evil by its name
these were white supremacists and this
was domestic terrorism Marco Rubio said
very important for the nation to hear
the president describe events to Charles
Ville for what they are a terror attack
by white supremacists he's indicating of
course the president did not do that
because he didn't and finally on Monday
the president changed his tune
two days later and said fine including
the KKK and neo-nazis senator Ted Cruz
over the weekend came out and said it's
tragic and heartbreaking to see hatred
and racism once again Maher our great
nation with bloodshed he said the Nazis
the KKK and white supremacist are
repulsive and evil and all of us have
moral obligation to speak out against
the lies bigotry anti-semitism and
hatred that they propagate so it's good
to hear him say that one more from Cruz
he said having watched the horrifying
video of the car deliberately crashing
into a crowd of protesters
I urge the Department of Justice to
immediately investigate and prosecute
this grotesque
act of domestic terrorism and finally
one more Republican for each Aetna
Senator Chuck Grassley from Iowa he said
what white nationalists are doing in
Charlie
so this homegrown terrorism that can't
be tolerated anymore a great way to
explaining and see number one Donald
Trump it wasn't that hard
oh all these your fellow Republicans are
doing it and they're doing it very
forcefully and clearly so for all of you
saying that
oh no Trump couldn't have said it this
way apparently he could have because
they all did secondarily I just want to
give you the full context and give
credit to the Republicans who did do the
right thing and thirdly I I don't want
you to lose hope because I think that
there is gonna come a point when the
people in power ago no we're not gonna
have Nazis in America we're not gonna
have them and we always do but we're not
gonna have them committing acts of
violence in America and getting away
with it
we're not gonna have a president that
encourages that and doesn't condemn it
clearly so you know you always think
Trump crossed the line and then he seems
to get beyond it but I think he's
crossed one too many lines and the fact
that he couldn't clear this the lowest
of a bars which is condemning Nazi
violence at America I think is going to
change a lot of minds not on the
Democratic side or even among
independents but I think among
Republican supporters donors most
importantly cuz they control the party
and others in power that go this isn't
what we signed up for I know we wanted
large tax cuts but this is not a price
worth paying for that besides which
other establishment Republicans and a
lot of establishment Democrats would
give you those giant tax cuts anyway you
don't need the neo-nazi package to come
along with it
finally I want to end on a Democrat
because this was very powerful
so John Dingell who was the
longest-serving congressman in United
States history now finally retired is
now 91 years old and he said what
happened yesterday was radical terrorism
and he identified the President as in
the tweet to make sure he the President
sees it he said refusal to identify
denounce it and fight it makes one
complicit in it and and he ended by
saying I signed up to fight Nazis
seventy three years ago and I'll do it
again if I have to hatred bigotry and
fascism should have no place in this
kind
three really powerful to hear a world
war two veteran saying if I got to I
will stand a post and we will not let
those Nazis win here
watch the young turks commercial free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like at TYT Network calm /join
