there were 19 people injured in
Charlottesville but three died first of
all I will tell you about two police
officers who were killed lieutenant Jake
Owen and and then officer Bates 48 and
41 zeros actually Bates would have been
41 the very next day on Sunday but he
was killed before that they're both an
aviation department of the Virginia
State Police and you know anytime you
hear these stories it's heartbreaking
they were in a also a new year that
protected the governor and so the
governor said they're part of our family
and it's heartbroken to see what
happened as far as we know it's just a
crash that no one is suspecting foul
play but they were covering the protests
which then turned into riots by white
nationalist thugs and and there so they
died in that sense in the line of duty
and you know his wife for Bates had just
over Christmas bottom lessons for flying
and and he had just gotten into the
aviation department and you know they
both had kids they both had two kids
want a son and a daughter and other one
twins two sons for one of them so that
that's that's the police who were killed
in an accident as they were trying to
monitor these protests that one not
becoming riots well one person was
killed on purpose and that's Heather
higher so the neo-nazi who ran into a
crowd
injured 19 but killed Heather higher and
so I want to go and you know we often
talk about the people who did it and I
will give you more details in another
video about the guy who committed this
act of violence but I also want you to
know the victims and and I want the them
to have a name and a face as well or you
don't know their stories the people who
suffer from terrorism we've done this in
in a lot of other mass shootings and
acts of terrorism and we're going to do
it in this case as well so reporters
found Heather's mom Susan bro and she
gave some very touching quotes about her
daughter she says she always had a very
strong sense of right and wrong
she always even as a child was very
caught up in what she believed to be
fair somehow I almost feel that this is
what she was born to be
is a focal point for change I'm proud
that what she was doing was peaceful she
wasn't there fighting with people so she
was a counter protester and had just
showed up to say to the Nazis and the
Klan not on our watch and by all
accounts everyone who was run over there
was part of the peaceful protests and
and I hate even having to clarify that
and and and so that and this guy that
terrorists who did it targeted the
peaceful protesters out of hatred not
hatred of who heather was that no
Heather at all didn't care
hatred of others and that's exactly what
Heather was trying to fight her whole
life her mom says it was important for
her to speak up that to speak up for the
people that she felt were not being
heard to speak up when they and justices
were happening and she saw in the lives
of many of her african-american friends
particularly and her gay friends that
equal rights were not being given they
also found her father and talked to mark
higher and he said my daughter was a
strong woman that had passion and
opinions about the Equality of everyone
and she tried to stand up for that with
her it wasn't lip service it was real
all too real unfortunately he continued
you know my daughter's life she's a I'm
proud of her for standing up she had
more courage than I did she had more
courage than I did she had a stubborn
backbone she thought she was right she
was staying there and defy you he said
but if I understand her she wanted to do
it peacefully and with a fierceness of
heart that comes with her conviction
that's certainly what she had on
Saturday one last quote from her father
he said people need to stop hating and
they need to forgive each other a lot
more magnanimous than I think I could
have been and so bless him for for being
that thoughtful on a day that tragic and
I want to conclude by going back to her
mom's comments
Susan bro added I don't want her death
to be a focus for more hatred I want her
death to be a rallying cry for justice
and equality and fairness and compassion
I'm very sorry that fields chose that
path because he has now ruined his life
as well as robbed a great many of us of
someone we love very much
she finished by saying no mother wants
to lose a child but I'm proud of her I'm
proud of what she did well we're all
proud of Heather hire and all the
peaceful protesters that were there to
stand up against the fear and the hatred
and some of them including most
especially Heather paid far too great a
price for that
so for Heather and for everyone else in
the country we've got to stand up
together and say not on our watch so
these guys who spread white supremacism
and hatred we can't let them get away
with it so we're gonna do things the
right way
peaceful protests when there is violence
they go to the authorities but for
Heather's sake I hope that we could all
have the courage that she did to stand
up against this hatred we all owe you a
debt help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
