the White House National Security
Adviser is HR McMaster is a general and
he's picked by Donald Trump
well-respected now I'm positive that we
got onto policy issues there's a lot
that I would disagree with McMaster on
and in fact on one of the core issues
that they're fighting on I which is
whether the increased troops in in
Afghanistan I disagree with McMaster and
I've said on this show several times
I appreciate Donald Trump's hesitancy to
put more troops in as we found out of
course part of the reason for that is
they want to privatize the military and
send in private mercenaries instead
which does not help the situation at all
McMaster as opposed to that and he's
very right about that so that's all the
way of saying it's not like I've got a
dog in this fight I I'm not a fan of
McMaster and I'm certainly not a fan of
his policies but he's been having
difficulties with with Steve Bannon who
is part of the all right proudly saw
that proudly so and has said in the past
that Breitbart which is a publication he
ran before joining the Trump team was
the home of the alt-right and so he the
alt-right has unleashed on McMaster
because of this power struggle one of
the original reasons for it is not based
on policy it's that Steve Bannon got the
president to put him on the National
Security Council which is outrageous he
has no experience in the field there's
no business being part of that at all
chief strategist you want to strategize
have about how to get white nationalist
voters to vote for Trump that's your
business it's horrific business but but
it certainly has no business in the
National Security Council
so McMaster basically had them removed
and has recently fired some of his
acolytes for writing insane memos about
how the Marxist and Maoist and Islamists
are planning to work together to
undermine the president just total loony
- and stuff so on that stuff again
McMaster is is right but where it gets
really dirty is the campaign against
McMaster so Axio says a update on that
and they say the bare-knuckle campaign
to remove national
Security Advisor HR McMaster from the
White House is about to get much uglier
I was already ugly there was tons of
articles written about him and how he's
part of the globalist and at the same
time against Israel we'll get into that
in a second but apparently they can take
it to a new level now and by the way
many other things said about McMaster
and on Breitbart yeah and by many
members of the alright community such as
they are so John the Swan attack cos
explains the new line of attack outside
force as opposed to McMaster are going
to allege he has a drinking problem
according to sources outside the Trump
administration familiar with the anti
McMaster campaign the controversial
nationalist Mike Serna bitch who has an
inside track on the anti McMaster
campaign teased the alcohol attack in an
Internet video with Alex Jones of the
website Infowars anti McMaster forces
believe this attack will harm his
standing with the president who was a
teetotaler so they made up all sorts of
specifics about his drinking so-called
drinking habit
these guys are perennial liars they live
for a living I wouldn't believe one word
of what any of them said and I I don't
know nor do I care about what McMaster
drinks or doesn't drink I bring that to
you because they have no bounds
there is no bounds of reason or decency
with these people and as Priebus once
told Bannen in another story that came
out last week he went up to him back
when previous was in the White House he
said Steve you know when you get these
guys to say these terrible things about
people we know it's you everybody knows
it's you you used to run Breitbart I
mean you're not tricking anyone we know
what you're up to
and bannon's like what me a little oh me
oh dude Breitbart write a story did all
my allies and the all right write
stories about McMaster off that's
probably a coincidence
what ridiculous liars and honestly
scumbags these guys are they want to
destroy people personally they do it for
sport and they think that oh you that's
how you play politics and you know
sometimes you got to hold a rally in
Charlottesville with torches
Confederate flags and some swastikas and
sometimes you're gonna personally
destroy someone who is your political
opponent battle of ideas we're all right
white nationalists of course they can't
win the battle of ideas they've lost it
entirely so they go personal now inside
the White House at least as regards to
anyone but Trump it is not working of
course another official told me
Jonathan Swan says the majority of the
senior staff have rallied around
McMaster and believe that all the
attacks against them are divorced from
reality to which I say of course the
alt-right does not care about facts it's
not care about reality there it's funny
because that's usual projection then the
right wing does they'll say we care
about facts we don't care about emotions
that's not remotely true almost all
these things that they is charge others
others their opponents with are made up
are lies in reality all they care about
is one of motion or two emotions fear
and hatred fear and hatred those are
their emotions and that's what they care
about and they think by any means
necessary one more update from Swan in
regards to whether it's working
she was staff John Kelly and other
retirees general finds the attacks
dishonorable and disgusting according to
a source close to Kelly but remember
there my opinions don't matter
only Trump's opinion matters and they
know that Trump is stupid so they think
look he he cares what other people drink
or not so let's just say that the guy
drinks and maybe trouble be stupid
enough to do our bidding and fire our
political opponent yeah that's a 50/50
proposition in certainly entirely
possible so now the other line of attack
against McMaster is that he's not
sufficiently supportive of Israel and by
some implication not sufficiently
supportive of Jewish Americans
preposterous well let me tell you where
it comes from and it is gross
so White House officials were startled
by the force of a recent statement by
the conservative pro-israel group the
Zionist Organization of America on
Wednesday as EO A's president Mort Klein
issued a report accusing McMaster of
being hostile towards Israel and
unserious about the threats of Iran
radical Islamic terrorism Klein called
on the President to reassign him to
another position where he can do no
further harm on these critical national
security issues okay
the Zionists of America is run by is
funded by Sheldon Adelson who is a huge
Republican donor claims he's a friend of
Israel doesn't actually care about what
is in Israel's interests according to
others as you will see will forcefully
condemn this nonsense that's made-up
what he cares about is hey I want to pay
my workers and my casinos less I want to
have lower taxes so I'm gonna get in bed
with all right who hate Jews so what I
want lower taxes so if I got a support
troop
Trump and I got to support Steve ban and
I gotta support them all right who's
showing up with by the way Nazi
paraphernalia in charlottesville so what
I'll do their bidding for them you must
be so proud
more from Axios banners told associates
it's nothing to do with the hits at
mcmaster calling them a spontaneous
reaction against the globalist from
Trump's national base but senior White
House officials don't believe him I want
you to understand what globalist means
globalists is a term that Steve banning
came up with to refer to the financial
elite the bankers and other people who
are controlling things behind the scenes
you don't still know what I'm talking
about because you haven't read the
history of anti-semitism he's referring
to Jews
now I'm not the one saying that it's the
alt-right it's the daily stormer it's
those guys who go
yes that's it globalist means Jews he's
on our side we hate the Jews if I'll
have more on that in a second now a
former senior Israeli military official
had this to say such an attack is not
mere opinion it is an offense against
the truth against basic decency and
against the best interests of Israel as
we see them so saying the attacks
against McMaster are horrible totally
not true and an offense against Israel
itself by the way
in Charlottesville one of the chance
that they chanted and that all right
March was quote the Jews will not
replace us now sam nunn burg is another
person it was a Steve Bannon ally
he gets on on the press now and he goes
on the attack because now there's an
effort to fire Steve Bannon for
encouraging what happened in
Charlottesville and to show people that
they actually care and they will do
something about this white nationalism
that's not causing violence in America
but none berg is very upset about that
he says if Steve is fired by the White
House and a bunch of generals take over
the White House there will be hell to
pay
what Charlottesville wasn't enough hell
so there's gonna be further hell you see
what they're doing but this is not just
about some horrible people at a rally
even though there were so many of them
thousands of them and and so many more
online that follow hateful all right
white nationalist all across the
internet it's now in the government and
it within the government they're trying
to fire people who are not in that camp
and say if you fire our white
nationalists there'll be hell to pay
they're threatening the core of America
and they're doing it brazenly and openly
these people are disgusting and
completely on American you by the way
again I gave credit earlier in the show
to Republicans who stood up against the
domestic terrorism against the hatred
the KKK and the neo-nazis etc in
Charlottesville another guy standing up
is actually Matt Drudge of all people
you know I wouldn't pictured me be on
the same side as Ted Cruz and Matt
Drudge but here they're doing the right
thing and I'm greatly surprised by
Drudge but but all the credit in the
world to him for standing up against
hate and saying this is not the
direction you should go but none Berg is
mad about that so he says he went on to
call out Drudge for promoting hit pieces
of Bannen and sharing articles that
shine a favorable light on Trump's
advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner not
only is he showing negative articles
about Bannon what he's showing positive
articles about Kushner I don't know if
you know this but Kushner is a Jewish
American who we wouldn't have any
want any positive articles about him and
that drives them crazy because he's in
the family and and it's harder to attack
him and so when they do they want credit
for it so nunberg then says Matt should
go back into his hobble hole in Miami
and listen to techno mash should
understand that people like me Kym blow
him the fuck up fuck Conor McGregor blew
him the fuck up now the reason he's
saying Conor McGregor there is he's
pronouncing fuck in the way that Conor
McGregor does McGregor has got nothing
to do with any of this okay just this
idiot who thinks he's a tough guy trying
to quote McGregor but threats of
violence right there very clear he goes
on they said he went on to say that
McMaster along with White House chief of
staff John Kelly cannot quote hide
behind their service and then he could
also quote quote blow the fuck up
McMaster so now we've got the alt-right
saying Veterans who cares about veterans
don't hide behind your service are you
kidding me look at what you guys did
hiding behind the troops Oh support the
troops support the troops and the minute
there's actually any veterans you're
like who cares about their service I
don't care at all don't hide behind
their service and then he's threatening
to blow up the National Security Adviser
how long are we gonna tolerate this and
it again it's we don't do the things
that they do we don't believe in
violence we don't believe in vigilante
stuff we don't believe in extrajudicial
anyway so but within the confines of the
law the Attorney General who is doing
good working on Charlottesville and and
the authorities have to start
investigating there's white nationalists
not for their speech they'd love to hide
behind that y'all freedom of speech I
just said I'd blow em up I have a right
to say that no you don't you're a right
to your political opinions you even have
a right to hate speech you don't have a
right to commit to incite violence and
promise acts of violence against
government officials including our
National Security Advisor and finally
one more from nunberg he said whoever in
John Swann's Axios peace is familiar
with trumps think
should get fucking familiar with the
president's base yet another threat
remember these are the same guys who
said if there was any attempt to get
people to vote against Trump in the
Republican convention that they would
find out who was leading that and they
would go to their hotel room and knock
in the middle of the night and then do
God knows what you can call them white
nationalists you can call them brown
shirts but they're here and they're
telling you that they mean to do harm
and I don't think they're kidding
are we America or are we not if we're
America we stand up against this Young
Turks if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm / join
