so in charlottesville we had the
violence over the weekend and a 19
injured three killed two in an accident
and one by a domestic terrorist who ran
her over
along with all over a dozen people so I
wanted to give you guys context as to
who these guys are because the right
wing will be busily pretending that they
are not hateful
so I don't want you to be confused so
first of all on Friday night they give
us a preview where they came in with
torches let's show you that some of
these folks claim well no we're not
racist we just showed up to protect
robert e lee's confederate memorial and
we showed up with torches just probably
a coincidence I don't know you might
remember other guys with torches let's
look at take a look at the next picture
oh they also had torches huh what a wild
coincidence yeah so that seems
believable well then let's go to the
things that they chanted to see if that
gear was a clearer sense of who they
were they chanted white lives matter
blood and soil which is a term that the
Nazis used to chant so that's great and
fuck you faggots
so nothing but hate wall the wall hate
against Jews yes
blacks against gay Americans if you were
still unclear and then there's this
gentleman trying to make it even more
clear so he's not alone there was
swastikas in the crowd and then we go to
the Klan guys with their Klan symbolism
so well they called it unite the right
and I guess in some ways they did
congratulations you reunited the Ku Klux
Klan and the Nazis if that's your
version on the right wing I didn't say
you did
so is there horrible horrible people not
convinced yet let's go to someone that
Fox News caught up with sure you in
charge it
where you guys headed you know not that
we're trying to survive these generates
the fucking Jew levers are gassing this
man pardon is his French again not
French um so it is it's you know
everyone some others say no no the
alt-right is not anti-semitic no they
don't like Muslims they don't like
Mexicans what that's okay no no they
just hate other people not choose it's
okay they don't like the black lives
matter they don't like any black
Americans that stand up for their rights
they don't like any of those guys I
don't know they don't hate the Jews does
it look like they don't hate the Jews
okay you can say that's just one guy but
remember they chanted blood and soil and
the swastikas are kind of a dead
giveaway
and then another chant rose up in the
crowd quote Jews will not replace us
pretty sure their hatred goes all around
so here's the guys here's the poster
that they put up to try to bring people
to this unite the right rally filled
with Confederate flags plus what is
effect simile of Nazi symbols all right
here's another guy for you guys again
another swastika flag there and so look
it there weren't this is damning with
faint praise there were less swastika
flags than Confederate flags okay so
that looked like it might have been the
same guy from the earlier picture there
was also weapons so let's show you a
picture of that so a lot of guys showed
up in militia outfits and and you can
see the little the long guns there and
they're all ready to go so you know
again there's a debate maybe that I
started on whether the cops should have
acted or not I'm on the side of I
understand why they were concerned
because you're gonna you know draw
weapons on those guys they're gonna draw
weapons on you and then they're gonna
tell you oh no weapons keep you safe no
they don't they make the situation far
more hostile and far more volatile and
by the way when people commit acts of
violence when they're armed the cops are
more reluctant to going it's it's gross
or
here's more pictures I don't get these
goofballs I think James feels junior the
domestic terrorist had killed people in
this March was holding the similar
shields I don't know which part of the
goofball army that that is I mean look
there used to be just be ridiculous
goofballs now they're dangerous brown
shirts who are actually killing people
and having the president say I don't
know many sides do it no let me show you
the pictures of the carnage here this
was not many sides doing this that was
James feels junior who ran into people
and caused this mayhem let's keep going
this from the ACLU in Virginia that took
pictures is your head of course Heather
hire who passed away and then nineteen
others injured so I can keep going all
night long here in fact I'll give you a
couple last pictures here as we go
through and sorry to subject you to that
but I want you to see that what they
actually did and thirty-five people were
treated overall so last set of pictures
for you guys again the the torches and
the Confederate flags and you know if
you show up to a rally as someone says
this for a white nationalist and they
hand you a torch if you're not a white
nationalist and you're not a racist that
would be the time to walk away and if
you say the Confederate flag doesn't
stand for racism and you're standing
next to a guy with a Nazi flag that
would be the time to walk away and these
guys did not do that unfortunately and
it is picture after picture of the
carnage okay
so that's who they are don't be mistaken
about it help us build an independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
