this weekend we had a horrific act of
violence actually several acts of
violence in Charlottesville I want to
tell you about them first of all this is
of course from a unite the right rally
so when they are talking about uniting
the right who are they talking about
well they themselves have said that it
was why nationalists the all right and
then of course KKK and not see images
flags hoods all showed up at the rally
and if that is their version of the
right well I guess they were united in a
sense a lot more people showed up than I
honestly would have anticipated which is
also bone-chilling
it started on Friday the main rally was
supposed to be Saturday and it was but
on Friday night I want to show you some
of the pictures from the rally they hel
held there yes they brought torches that
imagery is not an accident it is totally
intended and they started chanting white
lives matter and then blood and soil
blood and soil that's a Nazi chant and
then there were those in the ground who
unmistakably gave the Nazi salute now
does that make every person in the crowd
a Nazi or a member of the KKK I suspect
not was the intent of that rally
incredibly clear yes so you don't go to
a rally with torches about white power
and not know what they're talking about
so anyone who claims so golly gee I had
no idea well then you're one of the most
ignorant people on the planet they knew
exactly what they were doing and if you
notice they were around the statue well
that was part of the point of this whole
thing which is to make sure that
Confederates status' are not taken down
in the south that's a statue of Robert
Ely and people that were at the rally
talking about protecting white heritage
and what he fought for and of course
among the things he fought for in fact
primary in the things that he fought for
was slavery so white supremacy back in
the day of course but literally that we
rule over you and we will enslave other
races now that's not what's happening
today in the South except for these guys
who say that's the heritage
that they want to protect and and like
their some of their ancestors they to
resort to violence
that brings us to Saturday so on
Saturday then we had people who were
coming in from all parts of the country
and let's see some pictures of that here
and as you can see they have some white
supremacist Flags I'm not familiar with
they've got Confederate flags they've
got swastikas and then the clashes began
because the counter protesters were also
there
and so cops were trying to stay in
between them trying to prevent violence
unfortunately it didn't work and the
police have gotten some criticism here
as well for not stepping in to the
right-wing side as they threatened
violence and according to some reports
maced other people in the crowd attacked
him with even gas canisters some people
understandably saying well if they were
carrying skittles or maybe loose
cigarettes would you have attacked them
not attack them but for God's sake at
least contain them as you're about to
see the fact that they did not contain
them had deadly consequences
unfortunately two officers also died in
what happened on Saturday it was not in
the midst of the protests it was a
helicopter that they were using to cover
the protests and him and to maintain
some sort of order and at least a track
what was happening fortunately that went
down and two officers were killed there
as well and there they are lieutenant
ahj Cullen and Burke mm Bates every time
you hear the stories of people who were
killed it's absolutely heartbreaking
Bates got into into the aviation part of
the Virginia State Police just in the
last year his wife gave him a Christmas
present of of learning how to fly so and
his birthday was supposed to be on
Sunday every part of this story is
heartbreaking
so we're about to get to the worst part
including of course officers dying
Heather hire was killed so three killed
about 35 went to the hospital and were
treated 19 more seriously injured
obviously than the others and I'm gonna
show you some videos here in a second
but first before I show you the car
crash I want you to get a sense of these
protests sixes there's a lot of nonsense
of course as always online pretending
that they were not hateful this is just
I mean you already saw the pictures you
already saw the the torches and the and
the and all the flags etc but here's one
sense of it this is actually Fox News
who was trying to get their point of
view boy they got it sir you in charge
here know where you guys headed you know
not that we're trying to survive these
pardon is uh his French no that was not
French may be German but not French
and of course President Lee Germany is
much better place than well they had
back in the day and and arguably much
tougher on these kind of neo-nazis than
we are so you get a sense of how hateful
that group was and it's not it was not a
matter of he said she said it was not a
matter of both sides do it one side
clearly had bent a very very bad intent
going in and so now speaking of bad
intent that unfortunately brings us to
this particular neo-nazi and at James
Alex Fields jr. who's twenty years old
and who was the criminal who killed
Heather hire is an avowed fan of Adolf
Hitler and the Nazis and concentration
camps now what I'm about to show you is
really really heartbreaking it's him
running into the crowd so if you're
uncomfortable with it I understand but I
want you to see what hate looks like in
America
the second video we have of a different
angle is believe it or not a little
worse
so another warning and here's that same
scene
go
so not only vicious mean and apparently
killer but also stupid like he thought
he'd get away with it there's cameras
everywhere he's trying to do a
hit-and-run there which of course he was
charged with along with attempted
homicide so I think the second angle was
worse because you had a sense of him
revving up for it and how he tried to
pick up speed before he hit him to
caught to make sure he caused the
maximum amount of damage he was from
Ohio and came into the state of Virginia
apparently with the intent to do harm
and unfortunately accomplished that
mission so here's some more detail
groups in Charlottesville as having to
post reports beat each other with flag
poles and bats threw punches chanted
slogans and used chemical sprays on each
other at downtown park some reporters
covering the event were doused in raw
sewage so they came weaponized and by
the way they it's not just all the
things that we just mentioned there but
there were people dressed up in militia
outfits whether they're any of them are
veterans of course is a completely
different question but they like to play
dress-up and unfortunately the important
part of that dress up is the the weapons
that they brought so they brought guns
they brought rifles and by the way that
makes it a little bit in this Alex
fields junior in the middle there and
whatever Nazi hate group sign that is I
don't know what the hell that I can't
keep up with all the hate groups but he
was part of that crew before he went and
got in his car and heard all those
people and killed Heather higher
according to the authorities so they
they brought more serious weapons to and
to be a little understanding of the
police officers on the ground one side
is heavily armed with guns so that makes
it harder for the cops they engage this
is all horrific man so now we have Nazis
committing violence in America and a
police officer is a little reluctant in
age you could argue for many different
reasons but one of them might be and and
I get it
that one
site is armed to the teeth so I mean how
much are we and this was where this is
where we are because we're told and and
and the laws were passed that guns are
awesome and weapons are great and any
great American would bring weapons to a
protest well now we've got weapons
everywhere and so what are the cops
supposed to do so anyway I do want to
give credit
to Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the
Justice Department not not a guy I often
give credit to but in this case session
says Saturday night that state US
Attorney Rick mountain castle has opened
a federal investigation into the
violence of the rally with the full
support of the Justice Department and
Trump was very equivocal but sessions
was unequivocal saying that it it is
likely domestic terrorism and that
certainly they would pursue charges
against fields but but perhaps others as
well so that is a good strong statement
from the Attorney General now finally
let's turn to what the President did and
his reaction was I would argue hideous I
want you to watch it and notice who he
doesn't name we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence on many
sides on many sides it's been going on
for a long time in our country not
Donald Trump not Barack Obama it's been
going on for a long long time so he said
several times there on many sites on
both sides do it well one side showed up
to do a counter protest and look look
when you have violence from any side I I
condemn it completely no antiva at
Berkeley etc and antiva showed up here
and any kind of agitation from either
side is despicable and we and we pointed
out but in this case there was no lack
of clarity
it was the right-wing who did it it was
the neo-nazis who did it it was this
the white nationalists who did it so
aunt Eva didn't run into and certainly
the overwhelming majority of peaceful
counter protesters there didn't run into
people didn't kill people
so what signs are you talking about so
you're trying to create an equivalent
scene between the Nazis and the non
Nazis when you say many sides did it and
it refused to call out white
nationalists he refused to call out the
KKK the Nazis and all the other people
that showed up wouldn't do it didn't do
it for two days
finally after immense pressure for 48
hours and almost every other Republican
senator calling him out on it
finally today said well you know yeah
sure KKK white supremacists er are bad
Wow thank you so much to give you a
sense of why that's such a greenlight
and in some ways the worst part of this
story the daily stormer which is a
neo-nazi website saw Trump's reaction to
that and celebrated and said you see
that he's not condemning us Richard
Spencer said oh he seems like he's
condemning the other side and Tifa and
Richard Spencer is one of the organizers
of this and a white nationalist so if
you're not sure what he meant that's you
should be sure in what he meant by that
statement which is I refuse to condemn
white nationalists because they're my
base well the people who are not
confused by it were those white
nationalists they celebrated they were
ecstatic but the president basically
after a murder did not give them the red
light and appeared to give them the
green light least according to their own
interpretation the brown shirts are here
and they committed an act of violence
and a horrific one let alone the
entirety of the March and the the the F
word was used against gay people
anti-jewish slogans one after another of
course racist slogans and the list goes
on and on and then they commit violence
if we'd all all stand up and fight
against it they're gonna take that as
another green light and they're gonna
take that as encouragement of hey
violence works you think they're gonna
win a battle of ideas old bankrupt
ideology about the differences in races
we defeated that a long long time ago
they could rise up all they want they
have no facts on their side why do you
think they resort to violence because
they're wrong they can't win a battle of
ideas they can't win a debate so they go
the route of violence and we are as a
society have to band together and do it
the right way and make sure that these
guys do not take hold in America and
they're allowed to have any opinion and
speech that they like but they are not
allowed to commit acts of violence and
if we don't discourage that today we
will rue the day that we didn't so I'm
glad to see the Justice Department is on
it local authorities are on it but this
is intolerable and this isn't the US and
this America look great again it doesn't
look very good right now
but I believe in America and I think we
will rally and I think we will defeat
these monsters that go bump in the night
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
