Alexandra Castillo Cortez was on Jake
Tapper CNN program to discuss her
proposals which include Medicare for all
free state colleges and tapper did what
you would expect him to do he harped on
how Alexander Koster Cortez plans on
paying for all these programs but he
framed the conversation in a misleading
way so before we get to the details on
that take a look at the first part of
their interaction according to
nonpartisan and left-leaning studies
friendly to your cause including the
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
or the Tax Policy Center the overall
price tag is more than 40 trillion
dollars in the next decade you recently
said in an interview that increasing
taxes on the very wealthy plus an
increased corporate tax rate would make
two trillion dollars over the next ten
years so where's the other thirty eight
trillion dollars going to come from well
one of the things that we need to
realize when we look at something like
Medicare for all Medicare for all would
save the American people a very large
amount of money and what we see as well
is that these systems are not just pie
in the sky they are many of them are
accomplished by every modern civilized
democracy in the Western world the
United the United Kingdom has a form of
single-payer health care Canada France
Germany what we need to realize is that
these investments are better and they
are good for our future these are
generational investments so that not
just they are not short-term band-aids
but they are really profound decisions
about who we want to be as a nation and
as and how we want to act as the
wealthiest nation in the history of the
world so it's a very good answer Jake is
not going to delight to answer we're
gonna give you more on that in a second
so let me explain the beginnings of
what's wrong here and the more we get
into it the more I'll explain the
different tricks first of all he acceded
to be an ambush there now why and I'll
explain okay it is what it is and how I
would have answered it I would have been
more honestly hostile and I would have
explained why the framing was wrong
she's maybe a better person than I am is
she just answered it straight up so it's
an ambush because no one's ever seen
this forty trillion dollar number before
CNN Jake Tapper in specific he appears
to have put it together himself so it's
not in any report it's not in any study
and he said these are all from
left-leaning
outlets no the biggest one the 32
trillion dollars is still from the
Mercatus Center at the George Washington
University it's in the small footnote
halfway covered up by the giant graphics
that CNN has but you can see there it
says George Mason University that's the
32 trillion dollar number so they took
the 32 trillion which is by far the
largest from a Koch based study and then
added some other things from other
left-leaning groups and came up with a
40 trillion dollar number out of nowhere
so since no one's ever had a chance to
look at that number and dissect it it's
nearly impossible for the person on air
to respond to a number that you just
invented okay so I would have explained
wait where in the world are you getting
that 40 trillion is from an article etc
etc so that's part one of the ambush
part two is this is the most important
part and it's so obvious that I'm
worried that Jake was being I say it
like I know him
let me be clear Tapper okay is being I
think purposely misleading because when
you hear the forty trillion dollar
number and I saw that in a headline I
was like whoa where'd he get 40 trillion
from well it's because he took 32
trillion from the Koch study and put it
into the 40 trillion but as he would
acknowledge himself in it even in his
misleading fact check from a couple of
weeks ago but that number is made up by
the savings in Medicare for all
now we could have a disagreement over
how much the savings are but we have
shown over and over again if you
actually apply a medicare-for-all
exactly as it is intended that even the
Koch study says we save two trillion
dollars so on but even if you think Jake
Tapper is some sort of conservative and
things no way I don't believe it
I don't care what anybody says it would
cost us money but it was certainly
wouldn't cost us 32 trillion dollars
what would it cost if we think it's
gonna save two trillion what do you
think it's gonna
Fausta trillion but the so maybe you
could add two trillion to that number
but you can't add 32 trillion that's
grossly misleading and either you don't
understand any of this or you did that
on purpose yeah I don't blame you for
thinking he did it on purpose because as
you mentioned he was already corrected
on that misleading statement when he had
accused bernie sanders of proposing
something that we can't afford with the
Medicare for All system let's just be
clear okay the 32 or 38 trillion dollars
was the number that he stated there in
response to Medicare for all
that is not in addition to what we're
already spending on health care in
America because we would reform the
system completely so the system that we
currently have right now would not exist
so the cost associated with that system
would not exist we would replace it with
a Medicare for All system which by the
way I think that we're under estimating
how much we would save in health care
costs because think about how many
people would actually go see a doctor
every year and take preventative
measures in regard to their health
rather than being fearful of going to
the doctor to see if there's anything
wrong I mean look I I know from from
experience right I have unbearable lower
back pain I don't want to go get an MRI
I'm afraid to figure out what's wrong
with me right I don't want to deal with
the cost but I also know that by putting
it off it's probably gonna be more
costly in the future as is the case with
countless Americans throughout the US
that's why our health care system part
of the reason why it's so expensive and
before we go into the other numbers in
other parts of the interview I just want
to be clear look it's not we're not like
a service who don't mind being
challenged it's when if you ask us what
newspaper we read in the morning like
Katie Couric did to Sarah Palin we're
not gonna say what I got your question
right so what would be a fair way to ask
that same question Jake Tapper could say
hey listen the murkiness center backed
by the Koch Industries says that
Medicare for all cost 32 trillion I know
in the past Alexandria you have said
that it actually saves us two trillion
dollars but so let's grant that for a
second but even if we were to grant that
when you taking your other proposals it
would cost not 40 but six trillion
dollars extra
now I know that we did that we took that
from Center for budget policy priorities
we took it from other groups and we did
the math on it
this might be the first time you're
seeing it but could you please answer
for us to the best of your ability how
you would pay for that extra six
trillion dollars that could have been a
fair question instead in a sense he
bungled it by being so over-the-top
biased that he came up with this
outlandish 40 trillion number knowing
that the health care costs in America
are in the ballpark of 32 trillion
anyway exactly and and one other thing I
want to add to this notice that Jake
Tapper doesn't bring anyone on his show
to ask hey you know what Donald Trump
just signed the National Defense
Authorization Act and he added built
hundreds of billions of dollars in
spending in that act how are we gonna
pay for that especially when we're
dealing with a massive deficit notice
that Jake Tapper doesn't ask hey you
know the largest banks in the country
saved 3.4 billion dollars in taxes in
the first quarter of this year thanks to
Trump's tax cuts how are we gonna afford
that in the long run that seems pretty
expensive notice he doesn't ask those
questions but when it comes to taxpayer
money actually helping the American
people who are paying into the system
how are we gonna pay for that how are we
gonna do it anyway it's infuriating but
there's more take a look 40 trillion
dollars is quite a bit of money and the
taxes that you talked about raising to
pay for this to pay for your agenda only
count for two and I'm we're going by
left-leaning analysts right well when
you look again at again how our health
care works currently we pay much of
these costs go into the private sector
so what we see is for example you know a
year ago I was working downtown in a
restaurant I I went around and I asked
how many of you folks have health
insurance not a single person did
because these were they were paying they
would have had to pay $200 a month for
for a payment for insurance that had an
eight thousand dollar deductible what
these represent are lower cost overall
for these programs and additionally what
this is is a broader agenda we do know
we acknowledge that there are political
realities they don't always happen with
just the wave of a wand but we can work
to make these things happen
so again I I think the answer is spot-on
she's asked a question about a great
number of different policy positions she
just says the major one that's Medicare
for all again in that clip he said we're
just looking at left-leaning analysts
not true the overwhelming majority of
that forty trillion dollars is still
from the koch based group so why do you
keep saying things that are obviously
not true and and he had already been
corrected on his fact check and had to
correct it because he was wrong but here
he is again doing the same thing i want
to show you the nice clip and then i
want to give you a more complete answer
on how we can pay for those things
because apparently CNN and cable news
and jake tapper are flummoxed i mean how
in the world would you ever help the
average american in a democracy but that
doesn't seem practical wars very
practical tax cuts for the rich very
very practical but helping you guys not
at all practical so let's show you the
last clip we when you look at the
economic activity that it spurs for
example if you look at my generation
Millennials the amount of economic
activity that we do not engage in the
fact that we delay purchasing homes that
we don't participate in the economy and
purchasing cars etc as fully as possible
is a cost it is a and externality if you
will of a unprecedented unprecedented
amount so a student loan debt I'm
assuming I'm not gonna get an answer for
the other thirty eight trillion dollars
smugness is unbearable especially when
you are wrong it's trumpian thirty
trillion
wait wait wait Jake what other thirty
eight trillion are you talking about
because let's do some math here the
Medicare is thirty two trillion that
you've got in there but she claims that
Medicare which saved two trillion
dollars we've had that discussion
already so that wouldn't leave you with
thirty eight that would take out thirty
two plus 2 that would be thirty four
that would leave you with six trillion
thirty eight I don't know maybe Jake
Tapper and every single producer he has
and every executive at CNN is really
really bad at math but if you take out
Medicare what the two trillion in
savings that doesn't leave you 38 that
leaves you six so that is terribly
misleading and it appears now that he's
done this several times on purpose so
let me answer the question then let me
tell you why I think he has that bias
and what you guys can do about it so in
in when Jill Stein first said on this
show that she had a plan back in 2016 to
get rid of all the student debt in the
country I thought it was impractical and
I thought wow I mean Jesus that's about
one and a half trillion dollars how the
hell are you gonna do that but then
Trump got in office and gave now what is
the new estimate is 1.9 trillion dollars
in taxes that largely went to the rich
so apparently we could afford that but
we chose not to take away the student
debt of every person in this country
which we do and the things that Acacio
Cortes was talking about there it would
lift up the account because they would
have money to spend on other things and
they're not rich they don't just save
their money they pour back into the
economy and that would actually lift up
the economic measures as well as get rid
of that albatross around our neck
instead we chose to gave two trillion
dollar tax cut for the rich but whatever
the Republicans come on tappers the
trillion dollars I guess he just wanted
to give it to the rich that's very
practical he never does that right and
so I'm not saying that he never
criticized the tax plan or that he had
you know segments talking about the tax
plan but the overall attitude he has
towards Republicans is generally
respectful because he knows the
Republicans fight back so whereas when
it comes to a progressive what does he
want to do Bill little mock and try to
paint it like she can't do math when
you're the one with math problems and by
the way I'm not anywhere near done I can
go all day long there's a Wall Street
speculation tax which would also raise a
tremendous amount of money and there's
hey what if we got pulled out of the
wars what if we didn't do the defense
spending at the monstrous levels that we
have it now that would create a lot of
the money for all those programs and by
the way progresses proposed all those
programs and it would be a wonderful day
in America if we could do all of them
but you keep but we can't assume
we're going to do all of them we're
gonna fight for all of them and if we
get one or two it would be fantastic and
we could eat what's some of them save us
money and others are just simply if I
would do this in a second I would take
that tax cut for the rich and either
apply it to one of these programs a prop
maybe just lifted student debt period
getting rid of student debt an idea that
I didn't believe in before but given our
priorities as a country would help us
much more and the list goes on and on
yes Jake there are ways to pay for that
if you would just stop being so smug for
a second and actually care to look at
the proposals and actually listen to
what she was saying
yeah and also just real quick I loved
what Alexandria Castillo Cortes had to
say about people being able to stimulate
the economy because right now if you
look at our economic situation first of
all never take what any politician
either on the left or the right says at
face value if you just dig a little
deeper you'll see that our economy is
artificially propped up okay its
corporate stock buybacks they're still
insane income inequality in fact it's
only good it's only grown since the last
economic collapse right now the economy
is not being stimulated by consumers
it's not being stimulated by the middle
class or the working class it's being
artificially propped up by people buying
their own stocks and so if you are
burdened with student loan debt if you
have stagnant wages if you're not able
to go out there and buy a home or buy a
car and be a consumer because of all
these burdens that you're dealing with
and the income inequality that's only
exacerbated by insane health care costs
well then our economies is set to that
bubble is gonna burst
and right now even economists on the
right see it happen they see it
happening there you know ringing the
alarm on all of these shows on CNBC on
Bloomberg no one's paying attention what
Acacio core test says there is
absolutely right and we need to do
something to lessen the burden on the
middle class is already dealing with
this insane in company and there'll be
stages after the next crash where the
CNN anchors will say nobody could have
seen it coming please even though we
talking about it non-stop no one could
have seen it comin like no one could
have seen Cassio cortezes victory that
we talked about non-stop before the
victory etc and then later they'll SiC
pretend oh well everybody knew that was
gonna happen because of forces no you
should be asking the Republicans right
now isn't it creating an artificial
bubble which is unsustainable instead of
asking sophisticated questions like that
you do this amateur Scott amateurish got
your questions and so now what can you
guys do about it look we're gonna use
the army here again TYT calm slash army
to sign up we're gonna send this to Jake
Tapper to CNN and and see if they can
explain themselves because I don't think
they can I think they do have a massive
bias against progressives and and why
because they think well look that we get
accused of being liberal media all the
time
and yes we point out Donald Trump's
inaccuracies because they're forced to
they don't have a choice his lies are so
gargantuan and even the mainstream media
can't ignore it so they think what are
we gonna do oh I got it will be balanced
will beat up the progressives and show
how fair we are no that's not fair what
you don't beat up on is the
establishment establishment Republicans
and establishment Democrats so when you
have senator Feinstein on or senator
Hatch you're like oh gentlemen you know
senator that's how do you think you're
gonna afford that why cuz he's powerful
and he's part of the same establishment
the CNN is so you watch yourself and so
if some of you might have voted for
Hillary Clinton on cable news that
doesn't make you a progressive you are
derisively single time you talk about
Bernie Sanders
Acacio Cortes or any other progressive
and that doesn't make you balanced it
just makes you unbearable to almost
everyone in the country so
congratulations to easy ways follow
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
