Richard x-bow and equity research
analysts at Rafferty capital market
believe that there will soon be a major
bank merger boom since they have so much
excess cash and the foxes are running
the hen houses this should terrify
people one of the great threats to
democracy is monopolization and the
financial industry is way too
concentrating as it is and further
concentration in the hands of a smaller
number of banks will just diminish even
more the power we have as consumers and
the power that workers have millions of
workers in the financial industry so
what we need to do is progressive is
organize and stop these mergers we need
to demonstrate we need to show that it's
unpopular you know believe it or not
these financial executives they care
about what the media and people think
about them and if they think that
they're going to be demonized for these
actions they'll think twice before they
do some of these mergers it isn't a
media part of these mergers - like
aren't they that's right they're
becoming monopolized that's why you
gotta watch to you I think it does
exactly that's why we're here yeah it's
true like the monopolies uh you know
they're ruining everything our democracy
our society because capitalism you know
works on the premise that there is a
free market and a competition but in a
monopoly there is no free market there
is no competition and you buy for
competitors you merge and then you purge
and and then there's no there's no
counterbalance there's there's no
there's no there's no check on
everything you know if each of us had a
restaurant would all compete to make the
best food the best prices but if I buy
you out buy you out that I have the only
restaurant in town but charge whatever I
want I come in my photo shoot is
possible so this is the problem across
every single industry there's only one
or two winners in every single industry
and that continuous consolidation in the
financial industry in media and
elsewhere and you know in pharma and
food and everything that we do is a real
problem because as you said Joe more and
more power and money
is consolidated two hands of fewer and
fewer people and you know we're now at a
place in our society where the top 0.1%
have more work than ever before even
more than during the Gilded Age which
precipitated the Great Depression and
everything that flow from it so this is
a problem a fundamental problem on every
respect those of us that fly we feel it
I proof like continuously they're going
to start charging for overhead space on
Delta and American so you're they're
going to there's going to be a super
economy now flying option where even to
use the overhead space they're going to
charge you I mean you feel it all the
time just a sandwich you know you can't
even eat it on an airplane anymore
unless you're flying first-class and you
can feel it in everything it's really
disgusting
it's disgusting when it comes to the
banking industry it's actually much
worse I think it because they are the
ones who really kind of run you know
they run Congress I which were which
senator was a dick durbin he said he
said they run the place and it's true
they give the most amount of money to
politicians they pass all the laws that
favor you know looser regulations and
and allow them to basically engage in
rapacious behavior and you know I can't
what little victories we had with the
consumer finance Protection Bureau and
and you know the dodd-frank bill and all
that they're super watered down and
they're being thirteen chiseled away
chiseled away and here's a problem the
bands are considered too big to fail
before not an even bigger so that means
yes they'll get dug it down out again
and what happens if they know they'll
get bailed out again well then they have
an incentive to take bigger risks and
act more recklessly so that if they win
they keep all the winning Steelers when
they get bailed out I mean it's when
with a very natural and predictable
course of events that are going to
follow and we're all in the big
time
when that happens and let's talk about
the Democratic Party in this whole
equation one of the reasons why
monopolies have emerged is monopolies
Democrats have led the party days
supposed to be the party on the side of
people
it says progressives we need to demand
that our party representatives are
progressive and not monopolist and
unfortunately when you look at our party
leadership nationally in a lot of states
the best way to describe those leaders
isn't as establishment Democrats though
they're establishment Democrats but as
monopolists
yeah our party has become controlled by
the monopolies and elects Democrats who
favor those monopolies whether it's
advantaging the United Airlines of the
world or the big banks of the world or
you know the ultra big tech companies of
the world across the board Democrats
have come to be the best defenders of a
monopolist and a socially progressive
monopolist is it that much better than a
Republican 100% I don't even I don't
consider myself a Democrat I am a
progressive how am I going to belong to
a party when I'm a line item on their
agenda you know as a person of color and
I think that you're right we have to
make them step up or they got to step
away the door to the intro industry
acquisitions may be about to crack open
the first linking of merger mania was
recently seen when JPMorgan Chase was
reported to be considering buying
Payment Systems
Company WorldPay group in Great Britain
under the old political regime this
would have been impossible because of
regulations and a strict view of
antitrust laws however the old regime is
gone now regulatory agencies are or are
about to be run by leaders who think
like bankers are therefore more willing
to accede to bankers request well I
disagree only to the extent that the
so-called old regime was much better it
doesn't matter who wins the presidency
what is democrat or republican goldman
sachs always wins that's right they
always win so whether it's Barack Obama
you know a black Democratic president or
Donald Trump a white Republican
globine sax wins they win every single
time because they frankly run the place
right until we say no they're not going
to win anymore we're going to nominate a
Democratic candidate for president in
2008 who will say they're progressive
but who are monopolists just like Donald
Trump and we better not nominate another
monopolist shame on us if we let that
happen if we make it there
