warriors that's it that's all they do
they do under cournot she wants a corn
now come on you think don't don't let
her treat you like you're stupid okay
she got her higher education she knows
the way the world works
she and other Republicans conservatives
they know how the world works if you
don't have any education if you don't
have higher education your chances of
earning a decent income in this country
very slim okay
yeah well so Ann Coulter and all the
other conservatives can't fill your head
with junk if you already learned
something about the world so whatever
you do don't trust colleges don't trust
the media don't trust science don't
trust anything that brings you facts if
you went to a real university you might
not then go to Trump University and that
would cost on the Trump's of money yeah
well they want to scam you and they want
to manipulate you and the easiest way to
do that is to keep you uneducated
alright so let's move on to other
portions of this survey that were super
interesting so let's go to graphic for
Republicans by about eight to one
eighty-five percent to ten percent say
the news media has a negative effect
these views have changed little in the
past few years so they've always been
skeptical in some cases hateful toward
the media but it's up from 76 percent
two years ago and 68 percent in 2010 so
the number of Republicans who think
media has a negative impact on society
has increased yeah so on the media I'm
split because we're very frustrated with
the media and and I think that they is
you've heard me say a thousand times
they have an establishment bias they
don't admit to it that's why they've
lost credibility both on the left and
the right I was surprised to find out
some Democrats now have a better image
of the media unfortunately I think it's
probably because of the non-stop trump
bashing so I think they look at and go I
and that media I can live with that's my
guess I think I think that guess is
right it was right it's right yeah
because I mean I watch a lot more cable
news than you do right yeah I don't want
you know but also it goes further than
cable news you know the New York Times
The Washington Post while these are not
perfect publication
and they've made their mistakes and we
criticize them for it in the past all of
a sudden you are seeing this rien sub
investigative journalism and it's
because they want to bring Trump down
right maybe you don't agree with what
their underlying intentions are but hey
all of a sudden we have this reemergence
of investigative journalism and it's
attacking a specific political party a
specific administration I think that's
why Democrats are now more favorable
toward the media so about as many
Democrats as Democratic leaning
independents think the news media has a
positive effect forty eight percent as
negative 46 percent impact on the way
things are going in the country 44 and
46 so in it's still even even with the
improved ratings it's still test
negative even for Democrats but as again
I always want to tell you guys we're not
here to break the media like the
Republicans are we're here to fix the
media it's a giant difference yep okay
you want to go to the Arkansas story
yeah yeah let's move on lawmakers in
Arkansas have passed a bill that would
essentially force a woman who would like
to get an abortion to speak with the
person who impregnated her and come to
an agreement about what should be done
with the fetal remains now this is
another one of these personhood bills it
was something that was proposed earlier
this year and now unfortunately it has
passed let's go to grata let's go to
graphic 10 so it's HB 1566 and it
includes aborted fetuses into the act
which means that both the mother and the
father of the fetus will have to agree
on what to do with the fetal remains so
what is HB 15 66 so it's basically a
provision on a law that already existed
in the state it's known as the Arkansas
final disposition Rights Act of 2009 and
that just said that you know certain
family members have to agree on what to
do with the body of a deceased family
member now the provision has been made
to include fetal parts or
or fetus and so basically a woman has to
go to the guy and be like I'm gonna get
an abortion I guess I need to get a
first of all permission to have this
abortion and then secondly what are we
gonna do with this fetus okay finally
back under our thumbs I mean I care
about the life of the fetus so this is
of course a way of controlling people
and not only they have to get permission
but this could also apply to women who
were impregnated by abusive partners or
through sexual assault yeah it doesn't
matter if you were sexually assaulted or
if you were impregnated because of a
rape you would still have to abide by
this law keep in mind that Arkansas you
know it's it's a conservative state so
they already have some significant
restrictions on reproductive rights they
only have about four abortion clinics
women have to get anti-abortion
counseling before they go through with
the procedure after the counseling they
have a 48-hour waiting period and then
they can go through with the abortion
but it's just interesting because I mean
look you got to give credit to these
lawmakers because they care about life
jink they care about children they want
to protect these children right which is
why the state of Arkansas has
approximately 22,000 homeless kids they
really care about kids
no but Ana to be fair they're already
out of the womb so they don't matter
anymore life only applies inside the
womb which then of course brings up me
to my favorite topic so look this is
Sharia law I'm not interested in what
your religion thinks of abortion we need
to make laws based on reasonable ideas
that we all agree to that's called the
democracy a secular democracy but no you
want to impose your religious views on
us so it is now incumbent upon me to
correct your religious views you are
wrong about what the Bible says
the Bible is pro-abortion God is
pro-abortion so let me read it to you
these are not my words this is the words
of the Bible you can look it up yourself
and any Bible you find numbers 5 11
through 22 okay
now this is gonna take a while but it's
good so buckle up then the Lord said to
Moses speak to the Israelites and say to
them if I may his wife goes a strain is
unfaithful to him so that another man
has sexual relations with her and this
is hidden from her husband and her
impurity is undetected since there is no
witness against her and she has not been
caught in the act
and if feelings of jealousy come over
her husband and he suspects his wife as
she is impure or if he is jealous and
suspects her even though she is not
impure then he is to take his wife to
the priests let's see what the priestess
he must also take an offering of 1/10 of
an FF of barley flour on her behalf
he must not pour olive oil on it or put
incense on it well of course not because
it is a grain offering jello for
offering for jealousy a reminder
offering to draw attention to wrongdoing
ok let's put a pause for one second
there so this stuff's in the Bible have
you guys been doing this have you been
taking your a path or whatever that is
and but not pouring the olive oil on it
or incense because it is an offering for
jealousy this is to cure the jealousy of
the husband because he's the one that
matters at the end of this particular
provision at numbers they say right now
remember the husband is the one that
matters what happens the wife is not
important okay so that's the different
portion of numbers go read it for
yourself okay but don't pour the olive
oil on there you guys really believe
this you believe this but if you do this
is part where you might be a little
surprised the as we continue here your
numbers the priest shall bring her and
have her stand before the Lord then he
shall take some holy water and a clay
jar and put some dust from the
tabernacle floor into the water of
course after the priest has had some
woman stand before the Lord he shall
loose in her hair and place her place in
her hands the reminder offering the
green offering for jealousy while he
himself holds the bitter water that
brings a curse then the woman is to say
Amen so be it
wait so who okay so the
woman is supposed to say oh the cursed
water great I'm glad you have done a
curse you guys believe this you believe
that there is a curse how come you guys
never do any of this it's so funny how
what you applied from the Bible and what
you don't apply from the Bible this is
in the Bible but you guys never do it
right I haven't seen the curses yet so
let's find out what the results is hey
so Steve graphic 13 I want that's at the
end okay so graphic 14 a this is
continuing in the right order now in
numbers then the priest shall put the
woman under oath and say to her if no
other man has had sexual relations with
you and you have not gone astray and
become impure while married to your
husband
may this bitter water that brings a
curse not harm you but if you have gone
astray while married to your husband and
you have made yourself impure by having
sexual relations with a man other than
your husband here the priest is to put
the woman under this curse
may the Lord cause you to become cursed
among your people when he makes your
womb miscarry and your abdomen swell may
this water that brings our curse
enter your body so that your abdomen
swells and your womb miscarries I told
you God the Lord Himself is pro-abortion
if he you think that your wife cheated
on you and you need a jealousy offering
well the husband must be a peace make
sure that you take a pinch from the
tabernacle floor create this potion and
make her drink it and if she has
actually cheated on you a shoe God will
make sure that it is aborted I didn't
say it the Bible says it now if you're a
good Bible fearing Christian
you better be pro bortion right this
minute
and finally the end of the numbers that
I promise you there quote the husband
will be innocent of any wrongdoing but
the woman will bear the consequences of
her sin
so is Tabernacle floor what they use and
like that abortion pill it could be I
don't know yeah what is a tabernacle
well apparently so
pissin which I didn't know okay so
they're like oh here you go yeah that
was really creepy
yeah and not enjoyable at all but I'm
glad you shared it yeah well look read
the Bible a lot of creepy stuff in there
and don't blame me I didn't ride the
Bible so if you got a beef to pick with
abortion pick it with the Lord because
he is definitely in favor of it yeah
let's uh let's take a break and just let
that digest for a second okay I hope
your abdomen doesn't swell while it's
digesting
back on The Young Turks Jenkin Ana with
you her jinkx Oh jinkx your mama writes
in demonize the education is a win-win
for Republicans rich don't have to pay
you or pay for you to get an education
and you are more susceptible to their
propaganda
oh I'm sorry she meant pay you isn't
like then you get less income right and
and you get the propaganda a great point
your mama
Esmeralda Coco Leaney writes in remember
the original sin of Adam and Eve eating
from the tree of knowledge learning
things is dangerous to radical
Christians yeah exactly right by the way
it's true of all the religions of course
not just Christianity and Jeremy Cola
right sin you know that most Christians
would say about numbers 5 11 through 22
well that was an Old Testament we don't
follow that now oh great so that means
you don't follow you don't believe in
the Garden of Eden so we're gonna have
stop that's nonsense conversation about
how the earth is 6,000 years old you
don't believe in Noah's Ark you don't
believe by the way that gay people are
living in sin because oh I think all of
the stuff against a man shall not lie
with another man is all in the Old
Testament so we're done with all that
right so oh you like to pick and choose
you like certain parts of the Old
Testament so you just kind of want to
keep it and other parts you're like oh
that's unfortunate because that is a
monstrous horrifically
so and by the way did God make a mistake
did he bring down the Old Testament and
then like 500 years later be like oh my
bad my bad man that was just the first
draft now I'm sending Jesus now and that
whole thing about abortion I was just
messing around with you instead I'll
just put some vague stuff in here about
how life is awesome and later you can
interpret that to mean that I'm against
abortion whatevs I thought God was
infallible that's weird
yeah I want to talk about flat earthers
and lizard people in the postgame today
Oh excellent
finally truth all right let's go forward
all right
police in Georgia have reopened an
investigate
after a video involving alleged police
brutality went viral and provided some
new evidence in a case involving a cop
who was beating a homeless woman with a
baton now the homeless woman is
identified as Katie McCreary however the
police official that you're about to see
in this video which is graphic has not
been identified he is anonymous but this
took place on June 4th and apparently
the officer had gone to a Chevron
station in response to a complaint about
a woman begging for money she's a
homeless woman she's at a Chevron
station asking for money which I think
all of us have experienced at some point
and usually they're not dangerous people
but nonetheless the owner of the Chevron
station ended up calling the cops and
things got violent now the cop claims
that the woman tried to push him out of
the way when he arrived on the scene and
then that warranted what you're about to
see so let me just give a tiny bit more
detail than her before we go to the
video so McCreary says she attempted to
push me out of the way and walk out of
the door which I would think his mission
accomplished
the guy called you to get rid of her
right and she's leaving boy this feels
like it could have been resolved a lot
easier and so in all these cases I
always feel like it's not an easy job
maybe I got to deal with a homeless
person who's not listening to you that
is not easy so and he says later she
tried to reach out and grab his badge
grab the vest than the radio now that's
what he put in his report right but you
know I'll tell you one other thing he
put in his report after you watch the
video yeah exactly let's let's watch the
video and then I want to give you his
detailed report so you kind of see some
of the inconsistencies
by the way warning the video is
difficult to watch so if you're
uncomfortable you should look away now
Stickle
all right so I should note that she does
have a mental illness it's unclear what
that mental illness is exactly but a
local news station spoke to a dozen
individuals in the area who are familiar
with her who know her they all said that
she wasn't a problem she never posed any
type of risk and she did have a history
of mental illness
she is homeless and again she was there
asking for money now guys look it's
super tough to deal with a mentally ill
homeless person nobody's saying it's
easy but you just saw that video man I
just I don't know I couldn't do that
could you beat a mentally ill woman like
that she said she was gonna leave I you
know did he feel like that was a
disrespect of his authority I don't know
what the station manager asked him to do
did he ask for her to be arrested I
don't know but you would think that hey
she's bothering people asking for money
she says she's leaving great wonderful
we could have left it at that
I just I can't stomach doing that to
somebody let alone a mentally ill person
I mean if they were gonna cause violence
on others I get it man that's what cops
are for right but a mentally ill woman
who is not listening or
you couldn't figure out like you thought
what like she's disrespecting you not
everything is disrespect people are
different and if they called you because
she's not able to respond to those to
those requests there might be a reason
for that don't we do any training in
this country yes there are mentally ill
people yes some percentage of homeless
people are mentally ill no the correct
answer is not beating the living crap
out of them so I maybe I miss something
because I was under the impression that
a cop can only open fire on someone who
poses an imminent threat right and he
said in that video very clearly and he
got a response from the people that were
there put your hands behind your back or
I'm going to shoot you and then two
people were like no please don't shoot
her don't you're why are you gonna shoot
her
like is she posing a threat to you and
maybe I'm wrong maybe that's not the
policy maybe the new policy is if
someone's annoying you and isn't
listening to your orders in the fashion
that you think is appropriate then you
get to open fire by the way if you shoot
and kill someone that could be murdered
but if you threaten issue someone that's
already a crime that's an assault now if
you're a cops yeah now if you said that
to a cop you'd definitely be arrested
hey don't do X otherwise I'm going to
shoot you right that would be that's
assault
and with even if you don't you never
pulled a gun or anything like that now
cops got a job where they have to
threaten violence sometimes I know that
it's slightly different rules but now
but it can't be that if you have you're
under no imminent threat at all like
nobody thought that woman was somehow
magically gonna kill the cop right so
threatening to kill her cook or shoot
her which would kill her
certainly could his assault let alone
the other obvious assault that's
happening on the tape so this video is
new which is why officials have decided
to reopen the investigation into this
case they had already decided that he
had done no wrongdoing and they wanted
to move on but this video at
I roll and they're like okay well we
have new evidence we have to look at
this again now I want to give you the
details of the police report that this
unidentified cop had filed so you kind
of have a sense of his side of the story
and and what he believed happened so in
the incident report dated June 5th a day
after this took place the officer said
when he arrived at the gas station
McCreary attempted to push me out of the
way and walk out the door okay more
words were exchanged and McCreary
reached out and grabbed my badge and
after being warned not to touch him she
quote grabbed my vest and radio
according to his incident report he said
he used his baton on her legs for arms
and one strike inadvertently struck the
side of her head as she was moving
around so that was his take I think it's
a little different from what we saw in
the video but again I mean it's being
investigated we'll see how it turns out
but it's an internal affairs
investigation and I mean we have some
precedent on how things like that turn
out and in this case we also have a
quote from the DeKalb County Police
Department they said in a statement
after watching the video quote the
narrative in the officers report appears
to be consistent with the video yeah so
now to be fair he didn't say he
inadvertently struck her he said he
inadvertently struck her head but the
rest of it was not inadvertent he was
very clear what he was doing and and
look it's not just about that this guy's
a bad guy that's too easy an explanation
and I don't even know that he's about
yeah I mean I know that this was a bad
act I do know that the training is don't
ever ever let anyone disrespect you
and so in reality what they need to do
in some police departments across
country are doing this is bring in
mental health experts so yes it's gonna
take longer it's gonna take a bigger
part of your day but hey I I need backup
in this case and the backup is not more
forces to get even more violent I need
someone who's a trained professional who
can come and help me deal with this
person who is clearly mentally ill
rather than my way of dealing with him
which it was what I've
taught and unfortunately most of the
police department in the country is take
out a button of baton and beat the crap
out of them until they are made to
listen to you and those are the cases
where they don't get shot yeah all right
let's move on to a somewhat fun story
shall we mm-hmm all right
beginning July 1st of this year Nevada
allowed the sale of recreational
marijuana however and this is the fun
part apparently people wanted to get
their hands on marijuana so much that
about two weeks later the state ran out
and now the governor is essentially
calling a state of emergency in order to
get enough pot to help serve medicinal
patients in the state it's amazing so on
Friday Governor Brian Sandoval endorsed
the department's call for a statement of
emergency which would allow for more
licensed distributors now here's the
interesting part of the story keep in
mind that there are all sorts of states
that have legalized marijuana for both
recreational or medicinal use right or
both however Nevada is the only state
that has this temporary temporary law
that only allows alcohol wholesalers to
have exclusive rights to move marijuana
from growers to retailers and it's a
temporary court order that's extended in
June by a Carson City District Judge so
why why do you want alcohol wholesalers
to be the only ones who can distribute
the marijuana from the growers to the
dispensaries right there's an official
reason and there's a real reason the
official reason is look this product
just became legal in this state so it
could be dangerous so we're gonna need
people who know how to transport things
and do this for a living to transport it
the real reason is the alcohol guys who
give money to the politicians go hey
this is your these guys are muscling in
on our racket so we got to do something
about this and my guess is and this is a
guess to be fair that they went and
talked to the politicians and the
politicians were like well I thought if
we let you run the transportation part
of us so you're cut in on the business
it's soap
because they know they know that as soon
as people get their hands on that wheat
weird timing for a coffee but as soon as
they get their hands on marijuana I mean
it's just people who smoke marijuana
usually aren't heavy drinkers right I
feel like and it's cheaper it's way
cheaper cheaper you're you're you're
more likely to do it at home right so
you're not going to bars and stuff like
that it's actually safer since you're
not going to bars and then potentially
drunk driving but nonetheless the
alcohol industry has been fighting
aggressively against legalizing
marijuana they have been spending a ton
of money on it because they care about
their bottom line but to be fair to them
I mean as a business they want to
maximize profits and when states
legalize drugs alcohol sales do go down
they do go down so and if we didn't have
legalized bribery in this country like
okay well that's a sad day for you make
it a better product but since we don't
have real capitalism in this country
instead we have crony capitalism they
then go this is the same thing Tesla's
to deal with like the old car dealers
come in and go on this damn car we can't
compete with it passed the law saying
them they're not allowed to sell it and
and so that happened in New Jersey in a
couple other places in the way that they
sell it right so in this case it's not
just the alcohol companies there's also
the drug companies the pharmaceutical
companies their sales also go down by
the way opioid abuse also goes down in
states that legalized marijuana but the
drug companies think that's my product
you're abusing and buying more of so
they also are fighting drug legalization
but as you can see apparently the
American people want it they really
really want it it's sold out immediately
in less than two weeks my favorite part
the stories that the governor had to
declare their emergency emergency
emergency we're out of pot go get me
some weed yeah people were lined up
excited you know just waiting at a
dispensary for the clock to strike and
for them to be able to to buy
recreational marijuana legally which is
you know it is exciting and it is great
especially when you consider all of the
collab
old damage that came about because of
the prohibition on marijuana but I don't
know why I want to share this comparison
maybe it's stupid but imagine if digital
media was considered illegal and the
only way to legalize it was if like
cable news networks had to produce our
content right like all right we're gonna
legalize digital media but CNN's got to
produce your show right that's like you
know what I mean like yes CNN's gonna
produce a good show for us so well look
real quick it's not that far off from
what we have in China so in China
political content videos and by the way
also porn is not allowed we cover that
on the show last week and so that form
of digital media is banned and but if
you want to use additional media you
have to go one of the with one of the
large companies large media companies in
China that are pre-approved by the
government and so they know that they
won't do anything the government doesn't
want so your analogy actually does exist
it's in China and it's and it's of
course limits freedom tremendously and
it's done to protect the powerful over
there and same thing over here done to
protect the powerful when in fact
freedom means the freedom to also smoke
marijuana and 60% of Americans want it
so the real emergencies in states where
pot is not legal okay guys for the
Sirius satellite radio audience we're
out of time we're gonna is are we get
out of time for everything it's up to
you we can do more okay let's do two
more stories for the online audience so
we'll be back in a second to do that but
you can catch the whole show at free if
you go to tea white tea network.com
slash join and use promo code free TYT
to get a free trial membership for a
whole month okay so well no not the
bye-bye yet we'll do that for the online
audience we'll be right back
back on the Young Turks I'm just live in
a wartime but alright member shoutouts
today are James cool and Andy Phelps and
guys Valar morghulis
Game of Thrones is coming Anna and I are
going to do a preview show tomorrow
actually yes okay so it's not
necessarily going up tomorrow but mainly
what I want to tell you about is we're
going to start doing the Sunday reviews
again so watch Game of Thrones with us
and then go and then we'll do the review
immediately thereafter so all that is
gonna be live on facebook.com slash what
the flick so that's of course 10:00 p.m.
Eastern is when the review starts for
you guys so that starts this Sunday July
17th okay what's next Anna all right
prep this the opioid epidemic is hitting
certain parts of the country hard and
Buffalo New York is an no exception in
fact Buffalo area health officials
blamed 300 deaths on opioid overdoses in
2016 and that was up from 127 two years
earlier this is just one part of one
state in the country and so officials
and judges in the area realized we need
to handle this in a different way we
need to stop criminalizing people and
give them an option to rehabilitate
themselves and so they took on an
approach two months ago that actually
has proven to be pretty successful so
the city is experimenting with the
nation's first opioid crisis
intervention court which can get users
into treatment within hours of their
arrest instead of days it requires them
to check in with a judge every day for a
month instead of once a week and puts
them on strict curfews so keep in mind
that this is not an easy program it's
pretty strict acceptance into the opioid
crisis court means detox inpatient or
outpatient care 8:00 p.m. curfews and at
least 30 consecutive days of in-person
meetings with the judge so I love it
it's way way past time there's no reason
to treat these people as criminals and
then of course now the media that
Buffalo started do
this they were like wait a minute yeah
these guys aren't criminals they just
need help right yeah
don't go of course and so they started
talking about how well look these are
all nonviolent guys who don't have a you
know a track record of doing crime so I
guess this makes sense it makes sense
everywhere so I'm super happy that
they're trying it in Buffalo and I hope
that the program spreads but we
shouldn't be locking people up for any
kind of drug abuse in the first place
it's not to say that drug abuse is great
of course none but it's something that
needs to be treated not something that
private prisons can make money off of or
by the way have all of us paid for their
imprisonment and make their situation
worse
let alone the core of the issue which is
why are we taking their freedom away
when when this is not something that is
a a crime against the rest of us the
society needs to put you away for so we
can be safe know something that you need
treatment for so as I mentioned it
started two months ago and the Justice
Department actually allocated three
hundred thousand dollars for this
program in the form of a grant and the
results are already pretty promising so
two months in none of the eighty people
who agreed to the program had overdosed
though about ten warrants had been
issued for missed appearances and keep
in mind they have to appear in front of
a judge every day for a month and so it
doesn't surprise me that some people
might have missed an appearance I'm not
excusing it but if that's the worst
outcome from this experiment then I'll
take it and you know there have been a
number of people who have testified
about their experience so far and
they're like look I I really wanted to
get better and now there's a program
that's actually really helping me
instead of demonizing or antagonizing me
yeah and one guy had missed court
appearance they brought him in in
handcuffs and he said look I really
appreciate this program because if I
didn't have to report in every day you
wouldn't come get me and I might have
taken fentanyl and died in the streets
so I needed different ways to solve the
drug problem altogether so I'm a little
frustrated that it took the opioid
situation
for us to realize maybe we shouldn't be
imprisoning our fellow citizens that
need help I wish we'd realized this
decades ago before we started mass
incarceration and locked away millions
of people and and I hope that we go to
address that injustice as well I don't
want to just have people rotting in jail
for taking drugs just like these folks
took drugs but for God's sake let's at
least get on the right Road now and
Buffalo is a good step in that direction
all right final story for you guys after
a domestic domestic go mess all right
a smart home device alerted authorities
to a violent domestic dispute and as a
result the individual who was
threatening his girlfriend with a gun
was successfully arrested so to give you
details on this and I want to just be
clear that it's unknown which home smart
device it was Eduardo Barrios was home
sitting at the residence with his
girlfriend and their daughter Barrios
allegedly pulled a gun on his girlfriend
when they got into an argument and asked
her did you call the sheriff's a smart
device in the home apparently heard call
the Sheriff's and proceeded to call the
sheriff's Boop's so the cops arrived and
apparently it took some time to
negotiate with him so he would put the
gun down and let his girlfriend go but
in this case this smart home device
which apparently is always listening
managed to help save someone's life or
potentially help save someone's life
which is great but there's a downside to
this yeah it's a little ironic that it's
called a smart device when it got the
situation totally wrong he's like dude
you call the sheriff she's like okay I
will now call the chef that's not what I
said dummy okay
no look great result in this case but I
am a thousand percent against this
overall this is a good story wrapped in
a bad story
so they explain all the devices doesn't
matter who makes them all those smart
device at home are always listening so
no thank you
I may be the new school is
who cares about privacy let's all do
freaky stuff in front of everybody and
put it on the internet and you get to
find out every word I said and
everything I did and look I lead an
incredibly boring life so my smart
device would be tremendously bored right
can I call the sheriff because we're not
having any fun here but as a general
philosophy No maybe I'm old school but I
like my privacy I don't want a device
recording me non-stop every minute of
the day inside my house that's crazy
look I'm completely with you on this and
I know I'm probably gonna sound super
ignorant because I don't have one of
these devices and I'm not really sure of
everything that they do but I'm okay
flicking a light switch on my own yeah
right like I'm okay turning the TV odd
by myself like I don't need a home
device to like do easy things for me
yeah people who have it like I get it
it's like the new cool tech thing to
have right but I just
you gotta you know do a cost-benefit
analysis and I did it and I just feel
like my privacy is more important than
having a device like a light switch for
me it's not even close look I go grandpa
jank I mean I'm so old school that I had
a TV where I didn't have a remote
control I had to get up and switch
Channel that's good I know I know it
seems unbelievable right but I did and
but so yes on remote controls and then
let's draw the line cuz it works the UP
button and the down button works it is I
think harder to go okay Andrea move the
channel up no up Andrew for god sake up
harder than just push the goddamn button
right yeah so look if you want to give
up all of your privacy have at it Hoss
but but it's not for me
and in this case it was such a
self-fulfilling prophecy he's so worried
that she's gonna call the sheriff
that he accidentally called the sheriff
yes all right that's it now what we've
all been looking forward to today no not
the Joe Manchin interview no nothing
show where we found out Donald Trump
doing he's probably going to jail
huh but what Anna thinks of lizard
people and aliens that's in the postgame
tea white tea network.com slash join
Baba
hey take a look it's in an audiobook
it's levar burton it means the nerd of
the week this week not just for his
normal amount of coolness of being
Geordi LaForge forever and also
successfully bringing back Reading
Rainbow through crowdfunding he now has
a podcast specifically for adult types
like me and possibly you audience I'm
not sure that's up to you but it is so
cool it's levar burton reading short
stories to adults so it comes in 30 to
60 minute ranges there's three episodes
out right now and here's a little sample
for you closing his eyes the boy could
see the black synthetic skin the alien
wars protection against alien
atmospheres under that suit ropes of
muscles and tendons coiled and uncoiled
rippling even when the alien was still
in the doorway
the long neck had not been extended but
he knew what it could do when it
telescoped forward as it could instantly
the head tipped up in reflex and the
jaws opened you do get a taste of levar
Burton's buttery buries like voice that
is very calming to those of us who
listen to him read as when we were
children it is out now I highly
recommend it it's great for commutes or
whatever you're doing maybe don't go to
sleep to it if if he's reading one of
the scarier stories about monsters or do
if you're into that I'm not a daredevil
like you but levar burton reads awesome
podcasts check it out and levar burton
because of that is the nerd of the week
if you have a nerd of the week
suggestion please let us know below or
on social media and please like and
subscribe for more
Pirates of the Caribbean is a classic
Disney parks ride and also a diminishing
movie chain and because of this we are
well not because of this but along these
lines we are changing or seeing the
changes from an old classic Disney chick
scene into a new one updated for modern
times and perhaps the future you may
remember if you've been on the ride that
there is a scene of the bride auction so
in this scene you float by a woman in
the blue dress is being sold as a bride
and she is being ignored for the more
shapely the red and as I call her really
you want the red in and then behind her
are ostensibly a bunch of I would
describe less attractive women who look
pretty upset about the whole situation
as they're bound in ropes and chains so
that is going to be updated for the
future and a lot of people do seem to
have problems with this I mean it is
going to of course as soon as there's
some kind of change there's always going
to be an outcry but I think what the way
does he describe this which was it was
going beyond political correctness it is
now kind of or inadvertently sort of
telling something to their younger
guests about women being sexualized and
sold at auction and they decided to
change this this is along the lines of
changing the chase scenes which come
immediately after this in the show from
being ostensibly a rape story into oh
the Pirates want food this is more of a
fun and lighthearted scene as opposed to
sort of looking at the idea of rape and
having kids ask what this is in the new
scene it will look something like this
so we still have it looks like the same
it's pieces in the set we have the
redden I don't know to color the red
wench the blue dressed woman and some of
the other people who were in line before
but now it's an auction for stuff
surrender your loot and what I like
about this is that the red haired woman
is now taking charge of the scene she's
actually the first female pirate in the
entire ride and she's she's like it
and Bonnie type or Mary read I love that
I love because she's a very popular
character and now she has taken some
kind of agency in this and instead of
seeing the Weeping less attractive women
we see that they're actually aristocrats
who are being robbed looted and that's a
lot less I think that's more in line
with the spirit of the right at least
know some people are agreeing that this
ruins the ride I would disagree because
if we're going on the nostalgia track
the ride was ruined a long time ago when
they added Jack Sparrow and all these
mentions of Jack Sparrow
I don't think Walt Disney envisioned us
going through a mist with a projected
picture of Davy Jones you know our IB
Davy Jones you're the sea awaits you and
me Davy Jones let's go to board of JV
Jones by the way my name is Davy Jones I
don't think well why did that so along
that argument it's always changing
there's always this idea that Disneyland
is never done it's always changing it's
always getting better and I like the
scene a lot I think it adds to the
spirit of the ride it's in line with
what the creator's originally wanted and
I think it leads a better message to
kids honestly I think that's worth it
more than whatever my nostalgia is for
the past audience do you agree let us
know below and please like and subscribe
for more
from the maker of Iron Fist and the last
season of Dexter comes a new show from
Marvel starring clip art of the moon a
bad wig and some other stuff let's take
a look
we've been hiding here too long let's go
to our rightful home
if we were on earth we would have a
glorious planet to live on
thrive you're talking about betraying
your brother you're talking about
treasons
intentions right or wrong he's dangerous
what I'm talking about is freedom
freedom for all Inhumans
are you going to use your voice to kill
your only brother
let anyone or anything stop it we will
create our destiny so that's the thing I
don't need to point out that this looks
really cheap and looks more like
something you might spot on sci-fi than
something you would spot on ABC a lot of
people have been worried about it
including myself it's there are some
cool parts on it I think the idea of the
royal family of Athlon and the idea of
Inhumans in general is really cool
because they're ancient humans that have
been experimented on by the Kree I mean
maybe we'll see Kamala Khan later but I
mean that's a big maybe maybe if they
get a season 2 it's seems like there are
a lot of issues that might be a problem
later on
for instance they have the main
character as Black Bolt
however he cannot talk because he has
powers it's buried sometimes he whispers
and it could be devastating sometimes he
shouts but he can't talk and I've been
reading an interview that Scot buck who
is the showrunner for this doesn't want
to use voice over for the characters so
he's ostensibly a silent stone-faced
lead which will generally end up being a
blank slate at least it looks like
Maximus will be taking the lead and
because well he said every word in the
trailer something that was a little
upsetting was we saw Sir Indus one as
Medusa and one her wig was bad - her
hair didn't do anything the thing about
that character is her hair is prehensile
it can do things it moves around it's
very dynamic and here it was static if
it's going to look bad it has to do
things and if it doesn't do things it
should look good but that didn't happen
with her at all I would say the best
part of the trailer which is what
everyone seems to be happy about is a
lock jaw the teleporting dog creature
which is cute and you know maybe the
effects aren't the best but I would say
that is the bright spot a lot of it did
look fairly cheap in terms of the set in
terms of various clipart being used I
think it's because they shot it in
and maybe spent the money on that
instead you can watch the first episode
in an IMAX theatre however if you would
rather keep your money I would say don't
what do you think so far does it have
potential could it get better
could it be up to agents of shield will
it cross over with agents of shield I
mean right now it looks like no there's
no talk so far I think it looks like a
mess I think my time is finite I don't
know if I'll be watching this will you
let me know below why and please like
and subscribe for more
I have disturbing news that Jumanji a
reboot looks good I'm interested in
saying it let's take a look damn it as a
man right there don't cry don't cry
don't cry it's gonna be okay this is a
video game which means we all have
special skills
I was so intense I like can't even with
this class
watch your step in here
studio crew is disagreeing with me that
it looks fun some of us like fun okay
they get it they get it in the booth so
this is I like this kind of reboot
because it's not essentially a pointless
remake you may remember in the original
Jumanji it drew animals and a bad guy
hunter out of the board game into the
real world but in this one for bad teams
are in detention when they pick up and
vintage console and start playing a
video game and they get sucked into the
game and their types kind of get
switched up the rock has a teenager who
is kind of a you know shy kind of a
sensitive kind of guy and Jack Black is
you know the the alpha girl the the hot
girl karen gillan who now it is
explained why she stressed like that she
is an avatar in an old game perhaps they
will address it comedic Lee I like the
way they're handling it so far is more
of a shy girl kind of like a weird Ally
Sheedy type and lastly we have an
athlete in Kevin Hart's body who he does
not like being short now I think it
looks fun for what it is I mean it's not
going to be the next you know allegory
of human nature that changes the world
it's it's a fun movie and I do like that
they seem to take some kind of change
from the original I wouldn't have liked
it if they had just done the owner this
is Robin Williams character son and he's
back opens the video game I made the
board game and whatever happens it's
it's different I'm interested in seeing
an audience do you feel like these two
haters and the production let me know
you think below and please like and
subscribe for more
is it safe to go in the water this
summer according to some recent
carcasses no but these aren't what you
might think great white shark carcasses
have been washing up on the shores of
South Africa and they've looked kind of
unusual
let's take a look something has been
eating the sharks these are images at
Cameron dynamics Dyer Island
Conservation Trust who has been
investigating this as a South African
conservation program so it looks to have
happened is that killer whales have been
eating the Sharks
in the past this has happened before
1997 there was an orca on shark attack
off the California coast but now this is
centered around Africa and there have
been four of these carcasses since May
usually in the past
killer whales do eat the liver
specifically out of great whites
particularly for squalene which is a
nutrient inside that they like but more
than the livers getting eaten now we're
seeing genitals now we're seeing
stomachs being eaten as well and it's
not exactly clear why some marine
biologists think that it's possible they
were just removed when they were
removing the liver and everything is
just all attached inside or if they are
actually eating them or not it's a
little disturbing to look at though
while they figure out what's going on or
if more carcasses show up so it's just a
reminder to you there's something else
in the water that you may want to think
about
we know people like porn but what kind
of porn this is something that's kind of
hard to figure out because we have some
history of people giving different
answers when they know they're being
watched when they know they are
answering something that someone else is
going to read perhaps a survey perhaps a
Q&A so it's hard to tell what people
will tell the truth in however author
Seth Stephens devata wits who recently
wrote everybody lies a book that uses
data on America's Google habits has
found a more interesting way in
examining data and determining what it
is we actually want see the incentive in
answering you know let's say a survey
you would you would change your answer
to kind of seem more I would say
conventional to whoever the survey taker
is but when you're looking for something
in Google you're alone you think no
one's watching you you think this is
this is where I'm going to get what I
want the incentive is you you want
whatever point of it is you like
so you're gonna get it no one's watching
you that's how it goes so he appealed to
a lot of different or not appealed he
researched a lot of data and examined it
from Google from dating sites from
pornhub porn hub releases its data
sometimes I in press releases and it's
interesting to see what people are
actually searching for as opposed to
what people actually answer in surveys
cuz again that's how you're gonna find
out what people actually want so he
found that a few interesting tidbits
which I will share one is that 20% of
women straight women who watch porn
actually prefer lesbian porn just not
that surprising but he did find that
according to his searches a lot of
people are actually in the closet so
maybe they won't come out as homosexual
but secretly they will be and continue
to be according to him and places where
it's hard to be gay such as Mississippi
far fewer men say they are gay that in
places where it's easy to be gay such as
New York but gay porn searches are about
the same everywhere he found that about
5% of men are predominantly attracted to
men
the number one question women have about
their husbands is whether he is gay
especially in the deep south where his
data has confirmed that there are more
gay men married to women and what they
found was women were eight times more
likely to ask Google if their husband is
gay as opposed to asking if he's an
alcoholic and 10 times more likely to
ask that than if he is depressed though
statistically it's more likely that he
is an alcoholic or that he is depressed
it's just that is where I suppose the
human mind goes automatically he also
found about 1 in 100 porn searches are
for elderly porn and along that line you
know most people would want to keep that
probably private as well as something
else he found that according to his data
from his dating site from dating sites
men are more likely to try and date
skinny women however there are there's
data on the other side of that and porn
which would show they might like women
with more weight on their bones than
that but they are choosing to date
skinny women to perhaps appeal to what
they think society wants or trying to
impress someone their family their
friends what-have-you so that's an
interesting thing that or side of people
that they've kept hidden at least
according to this data what he also
found was at the number one Google
search in India that starts with my
husband once is my husband wants me to
breastfeed him he found porn featuring
adult breastfeeding was far more highly
searched and watched in India as opposed
to everywhere else however when people
in India were asked about this
they almost uniformly said no so it's
kind of you know that incentive versus
being aware that conventional society is
watching you I suppose so it's
interesting and he found in his research
of this it did change his views on
sexuality which are he what he thought
evolutionarily speaking at least that
people should be attracted mostly to a
heterosexual partner and in order to
reproduce from an evolutionary
standpoint however they found that less
than 20 percent of porn watch these days
features vaginal sex
completion among two people who can
Cacique conceivably have a healthy baby
which goes to say that sex has other
purposes besides procreation what a
revelation he also found interestingly
enough according to his data model anal
sex will pass vaginal sex and porn
within three years get ready for that
y'all ear on the internet now what are
your google autocompletes say don't tell
us below tell us something else and
please like and subscribe for more
all right well the Young Turks got a big
show ahead for you guys are gonna break
the story for you that one of our
reporters or we're gonna cover a story
that one of our reporters broke about
comcast interesting a little bit later
in this program Ivanka Trump goes into
cysts in for daddy that's a fascinating
story I'll tell you about that in the
second hour and I was going to join me
on that hour and then and then later in
this hour you know the big story that's
going around Donald Trump jr. I am
already hearing chance of lock him up
law came up I'm actually have not heard
those chants but perhaps we'll start
them on today's show
many people accusing Donald Trump's son
of literal treason so we'll discuss why
and if it has merit a little bit later
in the program so first follow the story
about how you should never ever back up
the president okay
so Rex Tillerson is of course Secretary
of State former CEO for ExxonMobil and
of course as the Secretary of State he
has to back up his boss and and they
famously had this meeting with the
Russians a couple of days ago and
there's only a couple people in the room
and on our side it was just Trump Rex
Tillerson and an interpreter and so I
now in their sight was just Putin their
foreign minister lavrov and an
interpreter so now what message tell us
once to put out is look we were tough on
Russia now were they actually tough on
Russia not at all how are they tough on
Russia well we brought up the idea of
collusion a couple of times that
including right in the beginning and
what happened after you brought it up
Putin said he really really didn't do it
so we have to quote move forward and
that's a Rex Tillerson quote in fact I'm
gonna give you the full quote which is
the relevant part of this story in a
second so in other words you weren't
tough on the Russians at all so there's
no threat of any consequences for their
meddling in our election there was just
no repercussions whatsoever you just
brought it up they said we didn't do it
and you said now okay fine let's move
forward
well no Tillison says no no they show
the sanctions were brought up in fact
this is now for The Washington Post
the day after
Trump told Putin that members of
Congress were pushing for additional
sanctions against Russia over the
election issue Tillerson said so that's
Tillerson saying that and here's a
direct quote from Tillerson but the two
presidents I think rightly focused on
how do we move forward
he added okay so there's the I mean we
brought up the issue and then we decided
we're not gonna do anything about him we
move forward that was clear enough
anyway
but there he at least said hey we
discussed the sanctions okay
so get off our back so what does Trump
do the very next day after Tolson tells
that to the press rex meet the underside
of a bus he tweets out sanctions were
not discussed at my meeting with
President Putin nothing will be done
until the Ukrainian and Syrian problems
are solved so get a load of that tweet
number one Rex Rex Rex Rex what are you
doing hey everybody knows that if you go
to backup the President and you live for
him he will throw you under a bus
unwittingly because he doesn't know
anybody he's an idiot he's an unguided
missile he should say that you discuss
sanctions because that would seem more
tough on Russia but he can't help
himself he comes out who's anxious well
how would we talk about I didn't mention
that at all Rex did I already tell you
to lie and say they would we mentioned
sanctions well somebody's got to tell
the president be in in more than tweet
length did that happen
so he doesn't undermine his own
officials okay so there again the
president tells somebody to go do
something and then contradicts it right
afterwards but if you notice the second
part is also important he said in the
second part on a tweet nothing will be
done about the sanctions until the
Ukrainian and Syrian problems are solved
you know what that means
ain't gonna be no sanctions Gigi Trump
is thing about this way the Russia's
help me win that election should I put
sanctions on them for that it's like of
course not Iran open sanctions on them
they're the ones who help me get elected
president so I love this infinite
timeline of whenever Syria
result they will move on his actions
yeah when there's peace in the Middle
East Trump will do something about the
Russians they never ever ever gonna do
anything about it because they love the
rustling Russian meddling in the
elections and whatever small lies that
Rex Tillerson was putting out there are
quashed by Trump himself as usual very
poorly played okay so now that's them
now let's go to Comey so all of a sudden
there's an interesting talking point
about James Comey and those memos he
wrote regarding how Trump asked him to
end the investigation on Flint now
that was big news because that could be
perceived as obstruction of justice at
the time James Comey is the head of the
FBI Trump pulls them aside the president
says hey stop the investigation on on
Flynn called me according to his own
testimony takes a memo about that right
afterwards and puts it on the record and
the FBI and once he's no longer the FBI
director after Trump fired him he comes
out and says yeah I wrote it down
immediately after he told me so that
it's on the record okay so you know that
part of the story well now there's an
attack against Comey saying they're some
of the stuff that he had in those memos
might have been classified and did he
leak stuff that was classified uh-oh so
it was on Drudge Report so it must be
true and also on Fox let's check that
out
remember when James Comey testify the
material he leaked to a friend was not
classified
yet my view was that the content of
those unclassified the memorialization
of those conversations was my
recollection recorded well it turns out
he actually may have broken the rules a
brand new bombshell report accuses Co me
of putting our national security at risk
according to the hill the former FBI
directors personal memos detailing
private conversations with President
Trump contained top-secret information
top-secret information actually I don't
think I read the hill story I don't
think they use the words top secret top
secret in classified their different
trying to explain that to a fox anchor
anyway so is it true I mean that would
be a very hypocritical of James Comey
because you remember what he said about
Hillary Clinton of all people he said
that quote there is evidence that they
meaning the Clinton office were
extremely careless in their handling of
very sensitive
highly classified information of course
he famously did not pursue charges
against her but did abrade her in that
press conference where he gave that
quote so if it turns out he leaked stuff
that is classified bore that that would
be an interesting charge of hypocrisy
and some Republicans might revel at that
given that commis a thorn on Trump's
side right now some Democrats might
secretly snicker as well well the
question is is it true well everybody's
quoting the same guy John Solomon at the
hill so let me quote him for you too so
you get the full context and then let's
talk about who John Solomon is Comey
testified last month before the Senate
Intelligence Committee that he
considered the memos to be personal
documents and that he shared at least
one of them with a friend he asked that
friend a law professor at Columbia
University to leak information from one
memo to the news media in hopes of
increasing pressure to get a special
prosecutor named the Russia case after
Comey was fired as FBI director now all
that it is true that's right it's a good
beginning to the story that just
explains what Comey did in the past so
then he says more than half of the memos
former FBI director James Comey wrote as
personal recollections of his
conversations with President Trump about
the Russia investigation have been
determined to contain classified
information
according to interviews with officials
familiar with the documents interesting
I wonder who those guys are
so Salman continues this revelation
raised the possibility Comey broke his
own agency's rules and ignore the same
security protocol that he publicly
criticized Hillary Clinton over in the
waning days of the 2016 presidential
election so now if true that would be
interesting I don't know if it'll rise
the level of actionable Comey might have
to do press conference where he says
well I'm not pursuing myself but what I
did was extremely kills he's no longer
the FBI director so he wouldn't do that
but it would be a nice gotcha moment you
know if that turns out to be the case
and and Democrats like I said might
secretly rejoice a little bit but mainly
the Trump administration would be like
yes that discredits him and we're done
with him even though it doesn't actually
discredit the stuff in the memo at all
what it does is politically attack James
Comey for revealing what's in the memo
it doesn't make the memos any less true
let alone the fact that I'm not
convinced that this is the case again
we'll get back to who the author of this
article is in a second now speaking with
John Solomon writes and to give you a
sense of how much of a witch-hunt
there's gonna be now on Comey in order
to make an assessment congressional
investigators will have to tackle key
questions such as where and how the
memos were created including whether
they were written on an unsecure
computer or notepad where and how the
memos were stored such as inside commis
home in a briefcase or on an insecure
laptop whether any memos were shown to
private individuals without a security
clearance and whether those memos
contain any classified information and
when it was determined by the government
that the memos contained classified
information before Comey took them and
shared one or after or another okay so
in other words James Comey if you wrote
that memo on a notepad right after the
Trump meeting in your car and put it in
your briefcase
I don't know was a prop
secured was it classified if it was
classified I wrote it on an unsecured
notepad and you wrote it on the desk and
the desk is unsecured he's the FBI
director no no I don't know we're gonna
have to look at every nook and cranny
were you eating lunch - what lunch were
you eating when you wrote that no did
you write them up did you speak to note
was anybody else in the room so look if
you thought there was a real issue that
James Comey accidentally shared
classified information with the Russians
the Chinese the public will blurt it out
like hey here's my memo
oh here's me talking with Trump which is
unclassified about how he wants me to
end the investigation and here's the
nuclear codes right underneath it then
yeah then get into his lunch and whether
he wrote it on a goat or on a boat hey
but this is basically saying we're
coming to get you James Comey oh you
thought and you claimed very clearly
that they were unclassified they were
just recollections of your meeting with
Trump there's nothing classified about
that you say potato I say potato brother
okay again where's your notepads because
I'm coming to invade your life so is it
true
well John Solomon is the person who
wrote here look look at the hill
everything to hell nobody's saying John
Solomon the hill is reporting commis
private memos on Trump conversations
contain classified material right
underneath it we highlighted for you
John Psalms so who is John Solomon he
works at the hell now but here's two of
his previous employers he was editor in
chief of the Washington Times which is a
conservative propaganda outlet run by or
at least previously run by I don't know
who was it today owned by Reverend moon
some lunatic that wanted to pursue a lot
of different things including his
right-wing agenda and then but that's
not an exaggeration by the way look it
up look up Reverend moon lunatic chief
creative officer also for circa news
circa knows I haven't heard of that that
sounds kind of interesting right yeah
they're owned by Sinclair broadcasting
right wing media outlet that does
propaganda for Donald Trump against
Barack Obama in the past they owned a
lot of local TV stations John Oliver
recently did a great story about them we
have covered them in the past
and local television is where a lot of
people unfortunately still get their
news and certainly get their political
ads and Sinclair broadcasting will put
conservative op-eds in without clearly
labeling that there are peds or that
they're from headquarters into local
news with absurd propaganda in them and
circa was their digital effort to do
this and if you look up articles in
circa it is one after another defending
Donald Trump criticizing his opponents
etc etc so the guy who wrote this story
is a person who's run many conservative
outlets I don't look now he works for
the hill so I don't know to what degree
they had an obligation to point out that
the writer of this article is deeply
conservative you know you know it's a
deeply however conservative he is but he
clearly worked for very very
conservative outlets that have a very
clear track record but they never
mention any of that I'm not saying the
guy can't write the article I'm not
saying he can't even write a straight
news article if Meili did he worked on
commentary in the past maybe a little
note to let us know so right now I think
we're among the very few out was talking
about that everybody else is like down
the hill is reporting the hill is
reporting it was per month incredibly
conservative source that James Comey
questionable questionable so suffice it
to say I'll believe it when I see it so
right now there is no evidence outside
of anonymous sources from a very
conservative writer that this is true
and then reverberating through Drudge
and and fox news to outlets who also
have about zero credibility so now you
know okay when we come back Donald Trump
jr. what kind of trouble is he in and
does it involve handcuffs
it might I'm not
