all right I wanted to just talk about
Charlottesville for a second obviously
what happened there's an absolute
disaster all these people injured three
killed one actually killed in the
violence in the protests two killed in a
helicopter crash and first of all at
least we have clarity the Nazis match
marching with the Confederate lovers so
all of you guys who said all the
Confederacy is not racist
I guess that questions been settled so
and all the other right-wingers that
showed up at that march proudly marching
with the Nazis I guess a lot of those
questions have been settled as to where
you guys stand that doesn't mean every
right winger in the country's a Nazi I'm
talking about the people who showed up
okay and the people who proudly flow
that flew that confederate flag right
next to the Nazi flag okay so that's
point one secondly I got plenty enemies
I'll make another one and Tifa drives me
crazy
just let the clowns march they like to
show up and be a circus and play dress
up like a bunch of children I know now
that they feel ascendant and I know that
it was a lot of them there but just let
the clowns do their clown show who cares
you make them feel more important when
you when you show up and and and get
involved there anyway the
counter-protesters that's that's not an
Tifa that are more peaceful there I love
your brothers and sisters and you know
of course I'm right there with you
encounter protesting those virulent
racists so now but I think the worst
part was actually Trump's reaction he
says though the violence was on many
sides many sides he said it twice
there's no dispute to the guy who ran
over people injured them and kill them
look at the pictures they're gross
they're terrible they're horrific was a
right-winger was a racist was part of
the neo-nazis he's part of the guys who
organized this march of unite the right
I guess the right is United at least the
far-right in and the guys that are out
there okay so no it wasn't many sides it
was that side if you can't call out nazi
violence in America
what can you call out so on the issue of
Donald Trump's anti-semitism and bigotry
that has also been settled so yes yes
yes he's a 70 some-odd year old man and
his daughter happened to marry a Jewish
guy and converted and everybody's not
everybody else some people say well
that's good enough that means he can't
be anti-semitic you can't gather up the
courage to condemn Nazi violence in
America and you have to call it many
sides you know why he does that because
he thinks those Nazis are his voters he
thinks the alt-right are his voters
because they are he thinks that the
Confederate lovers are his voters
because they are so he doesn't want to
call out Nazis after they ran people
over and killed people in America he's
grotesque so if you didn't know what
Donald Trump is before you know it now
