a very interesting story played itself
out over this weekend and over the last
few days involving the twitter account
at pro-trump
45 see Donald Trump retweeted that
account tweeted out a thank you actually
after at pro Trump 45 tweeted something
positive about the president well as it
turns out pro Trump 45 only tweets out
positive memes about President Trump
they're also linked to the website pro
Trump 45 dot-com and after a little
digging journalists found out that the
account is really just a bot the woman
whose picture is on the account I
believe her name is the Coleman T is a
real human being and that really is her
in the photo unfortunately it was a
stock photo that wasn't actually her
account even though her name was on it
according to men C herself her identity
had been stolen and used to create this
proton 'old Trump account and it's not
just Donald Trump's weekend retweet of
this account that's getting attention
months ago the Daily Caller actually did
a profile on pro Trump 45 and told the
story of how she grew up very very poor
but as an african-american decided to
vote for Donald Trump after seeing how
horrible Barack Obama was for the
African American community again The
Daily Caller did a profile on a person
who doesn't exist
they were played they did not interview
the real the Coleman see because she is
not associated with that account or with
that website so Twitter responded by
suspending the pro Trump 45 Twitter
account and they have suspended
countless other accounts that were
associated with the pro Trump 45 website
which means that those people constantly
out there replying to every Donald Trump
tweet with 20 or 30 different memes and
separate tweets supporting him most of
them are likely fake in fact a recent
analysis found that only 55% of Donald
Trump's actual Twitter follow
could in fact be verified as real human
beings which means that as many as 15
million of Donald Trump's Twitter
followers might be fake and Trump
himself a guy who's all about image all
about appearance all about how much
people love him if he honestly knew that
those numbers he sees when he logs into
Twitter aren't actually real that might
just devastate his fragile little ego
but he'll never accept it either
according to him any report talking
about people not liking him as fake news
so he won't accept this fact but right
now we can at least rest assured the
Twitter is doing a little bit of due
diligence here and trying to get rid of
these pro tunc BOTS who are literally
stealing the identities of real human
beings who want nothing to do with it
and suspending those accounts and
hopefully at the end of the day they're
going to end up deleting those accounts
permanently and showing Donald Trump
that he really doesn't have as much
support in this country as he thinks he
does
