it's estimated that about 1.5 million
Americans suffer from rheumatoid
arthritis and with such a large
population suffering from a disease it's
no wonder that Big Pharma has stepped up
and offers a variety of different
treatments some more dangerous than the
others and one of the things we're
learning now is that one popular
rheumatoid arthritis drug act Imre is
actually causing some very severe side
effects that the company know about
allegedly but failed to warn consumers
for more on the dangers of ACT Imre I am
joined by attorney Kim Adams Kim has
handled countless lawsuits get some of
the biggest pharmaceutical companies in
this country so Kim with that camera I
mean we're talking about rheumatoid
arthritis medication here and as far as
we know so far all rheumatoid arthritis
drugs typically come with a myriad of
side effects that you know quite
dangerous so with that camera what are
we seeing specifically I think
specifically we are seeing some of the
same adverse reactions as we see with
some of the other rheumatoid arthritis
drugs heart attacks strokes acute
pancreatitis and interstitial fibrosis
so the danger was like Tamra is that it
might be having high or higher adverse
event reports as with the the class of
drugs that treat this a severely
debilitating condition but farmers
doctors and consumers are being misled
because there are absolutely no warning
on the act Imre label and I think that's
the concern that we're seeing right now
just oh absolutely and see that's one of
the things that I always like to explain
to people about lawsuits it's not that a
product came out and it caused horrible
things and so we just sue sue sue it's
when the company understands it and
fails to warn consumers now we've had
plenty of products like some of these
other rheumatoid arthritis drugs they
come out and they say it can help with
this disease it can help with this
condition but be warned it's been linked
to these things act Imre just forgot
conveniently that second step of putting
that warning on the label telling
doctors about this
and that's when you're going to always
run into liability problems with a
company when they say well it does these
things but let's just let's not put that
on the box let's you know maybe not tell
the FDA maybe tell the FDA and see if
they're okay with us putting this box
out that doesn't have a warning and
that's kind of what we're seeing in this
situation with that camera right so you
know essentially this is the oceans
fifth largest selling medication and
that's often a criticism of our drug
safety evaluation right I think that
some of the evaluators at the FDA may
have been away are seeing signals of
these issues the problem is it may not
have been significant enough for them to
feel like they needed a forced label
change we're stuck in a world of being
innovative to cure these conditions and
also giving the public the right to make
a choice if you don't put anything on
those labels when you know it should be
our mode in this country is ask
questions later let's get it to the
market which in some instances might be
beneficial but for something where
there's other markets and there's other
drugs in this class you even want the
drug company to take a little bit more
time or warn now and if you want to
remove that warning later great but
right now if you've got a signal let a
person make the appropriate decision and
let them make an informed decision
that's why we do our job right and
there's been a lot of I guess medical
pharmaceuticals I should say in this
same kind of category when there's
plenty of other competitors on the
market that do carry a warning or might
actually just be safer not cause these
side effects but because of that rush to
market that quest for profit a
pharmaceutical company will come up
blood thinners or a great example market
it as safer even though it is not and
then with the case of echt Imre it could
be as high or higher instances of heart
attack and strokes and other you know
deadly potentially side-effects that's
what we're seeing again here the FDA
basically fell down on the job here I
mean they you know still as far as I've
seen from from the current reading are
not making them put this warning on yet
and and so as you pointed out with the
informed decision-making we still can't
necessarily have that when we have the
regulatory agencies and the
pharmaceutical companies not doing their
job which is the first step of telling
doctors this is a great medication but
is that the but that they're not doing
yes that's correct you know and honestly
it is the manufacturers duty to monitor
this drug and in fact without timorous
pacifically some of the researchers may
have had a little bit of concern about
pushing it through but they pushed it
through based on and on the condition
that roche would continue to study this
drug long term we can get into all the
financial interests that might go into a
drug company you know funding the
studies that it has committed all these
dollars to to market but outside of that
there's no protocol at the FDA
necessarily to follow up on these
studies and these adverse events that
happen and so yes we want them to act
but lord only knows how long it's going
to take them to act how many people will
die
you know fifty percent of the population
it's estimated potentially can die from
an acute pancreatitis attack so this is
not a condition where you know maybe
someone their fingernails stop growing
I'm just throwing out examples this is
death caused by these drugs tumors
specifically you know they looked at as
you mentioned when we opened I think 13
thousand of the adverse event reports
that they reviewed a thousand eleven
hundred of those were death cases
unfortunately there's not enough
information in the form that you fill
out that says this happened after this
drug for the FDA or anyone else to make
those it's up to the drug companies to
get in and investigate those and
unfortunately I just don't think that
happen so at this point hundreds
potentially 1,100 people died while
taking this medication there are other
alternatives they might carry the same
risks but at least with those the drug
company tried to I guess cover
themselves by saying listen it might
help your rheumatoid arthritis you might
get a heart attack or stroke those are
risk benefits that you the patient needs
to weigh out we've given you what you
need act Imre Roche has essentially
failed to do that and that's why we're
starting to see this story kind of kind
of take hold right I think so and
unfortunately I think that it might you
know it's been akin to the Vioxx
situation I don't know if that's going
to be the exact same deal but in Vioxx
it took a time period before oh my
goodness these early clinical
preliminary information didn't show us
what we found out years later at Emory
was showing the same situations I forget
which doctor it was but a couple of
doctors that were on the FDA panel saw
the increased elevations and
triglycerides and lipids and things that
do contribute to a heart attack if
you're not going to have necessarily
immediately it might be a time ten sort
of issue but the problem is how much
time right and Roche could easily do the
right thing go ahead and leave stick
some kind of warning on there but they
continue to refuse to Kim Adams
appreciate your work on everything you
do to keep consumers safe and thank you
very much for talking with the study
team
