a public figure who is closely tied to
NRA TV in fact he's a host for NRA TV
has tweeted that maybe North Korea
should drop some bombs on California now
grant stinchfield is his name and the
tweet that he put out said the following
let's send a note to North Korea that
Sacramento changed its name to Guam now
of course that's a response to North
Korea threatening to attack Guam in
response to Donald Trump's fire and fury
comments and so you know what a funny
joke what a funny tweet especially
considering that he himself this
stinchfield guy essentially accused
left-wingers and how their influence and
how their inflammatory rhetoric is
inspiring unstable individuals commit to
commit acts of violence that was what he
was talking about just a couple months
ago he just literally encouraged an
unstable individual Kim jung-ho to act
it to commit an act of enormous
unbelievable violence against the state
of California but this is as part of a
broader theme which is let's say you
just say about this guy okay he's a
clown I get it and he is jokey ha ha
let's bomb Sacramento that's funny and
kill all those people that's really
funny so on the other hand it goes along
with the broader theme which is San
Francisco is not really America
Massachusetts not really America
California is not really America only
the hardcore court heartland is America
and and and if you made a similar joke
if you're a progressive and said like oh
man one of the one of the Communists
just Alabama get rid of those people in
Alabama who are not really Americans
this guy's Twitter handle is at Grant
stinchfield 1776
so he's super Patriot but he just wants
to see them bomb a big American city and
the biggest American state are among the
biggest American states it's it's
unbelievable yeah so uh and then I'm
also music's Trump apparently shows us
almost everyone who comes into his
office he still has the electoral map
and because he's a child he doesn't
understand that
to population but this is true of a lot
of conservatives so he'll show the map
you know go look at all the red and
there's only tiny amounts of blue on the
coast and a little bit in the middle and
efficient bus people into New Hampshire
we would have won this one too right
here right just because you your voters
are spread out across wide swaths of
land does not make them a larger set of
the population I think these are the
simplest concepts in the world but
conservatives are oftentimes unforce
they are not that bright so you have to
explain it to them slowly there are a
lot of people who live on the coasts and
there's a lot of land in the middle of
the country but they are actually for
example Hillary Clinton got three
million more votes that means there are
more human beings in America who voted
for the Democratic Senate Republican hey
you won the election we're not
relitigate a mess right but we just need
you to understand that there are other
people in the country other than you in
fact there are more of us in fact you
know the Democrats have won six out of
the last seven popular votes so the
Republican Party is hanging on by their
fingernails and they think they're
ascendant okay and now I hope you just
killed all the people in California
that's so funny right because who cares
about California it's only the seventh
largest economy in the whole world and
that's where we have all of our
strengths including Silicon Valley and
Hollywood yes which is what one of our
biggest exports throughout the entire
world
Alabama that'll be great
so look unlike them I I don't dislike
the rest of the country I love the rest
of the country if I were to run a
presidential campaign I'm just playing
I'd started in Kentucky I love Kentucky
and there's no reason to cede any ground
in any place and you know what's gonna
help Kentucky progressive values you
would start your campaign in Kentucky I
would why I'm just curious and that's a
choice but ya know I I don't know I've
been to Kentucky or four times I've
loved it every single time love it to
pieces and even even stuff I don't like
I love and one of the political season
kickoffs is in Kentucky the fancy farm
festival which is what when old
political season does kind of kick off
in America nerfect for you yeah and if
I'm not a fancy farm
no what I by the way was that a festival
at Kentucky festival so you know the why
my blankey on the thing the community
the thing that you get together we have
it across my house in New Jersey anyway
it's a fair it's neat fair thank you
okay so is in the State Fair we have it
across from my house anyway so I met at
a fair in Kentucky and if they have a
petting zoo it is so cute and I'm aware
the kids are having fun Mike and my
family's with me and we're getting
cotton candy this is America and then
they're selling ak-47 like it like
here's us like there's all these
different booths and then one this booth
you can get this weapon and murder
everybody else that they're at the State
Fair now hopefully you won't but even
that I took a picture and I was like you
know like it or not America yeah right
anyways don't kill the people in
California that's a bad idea don't joke
about it and don't encourage people to
do it seems they're also easy help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
