the fighting between Mitch McConnell and
Donald Trump continues and an
interesting development has occurred
where members of Congress are vocally
defending Mitch McConnell and sticking
by his side so this is showing that even
though the House and Senate has been
taken over by the GOP they're much more
willing to support members of Congress
over the wishes of Donald Trump now let
me give you a little bit of context and
I'll give you the comments that are
coming from Congress right now in
support of Mitch McConnell now it's all
started when Mitch McConnell was at a
Rotary Club meeting in Kentucky
and he talked about Donald Trump's
expectations
take a look part of the reason I think
that the store line is that we haven't
done much is because in part the
President and others have set these
early timelines about things need to be
done by a certain point our new
president has course not been in this
line of work before and I think had
excessive expectations about how quickly
things happen in the democratic process
so that's obviously an incredibly mild
criticism of Donald Trump but Donald
Trump doesn't take kindly to criticism
at all regardless of how mild it is he
has been attacking Mitch McConnell on
Twitter I'll give you one quick example
he said can you believe that Mitch
McConnell who has screamed repeal and
replace for seven years couldn't get it
done must repeal and replace Obamacare
and now GOP lawmakers are sticking up
for Mitch McConnell John Cornyn being
one of them he tweeted that passing
POTUS his legislative agenda requires a
team effort no one is more qualified
than Mitch McConnell to lead Senate in
that effort there were other lawmakers
like Senator Rand Paul who told the
Lexington herald-leader that he still
supports McConnell there are a bunch of
other lawmakers as well but I want you
guys to jump in yeah and Rand Paul and
McConnell had the differences earlier in
Rand Paul
career they're both on the state of
Kentucky my favorite state apparently so
first of all I love that Mitch McConnell
intimated very clearly that he thought
Donald Trump was at a minimum ignorant
of the process if not lacking the
intellect to understand the process and
so it look I'm happy to get on the
Republicans too for screaming for seven
years that Obamacare should be repealed
and then they didn't have a plan the
reason they didn't have a plan is
because there is no good conservative
plan where you do giant tax cuts for the
rich and actually give everybody
insurance and have lower premiums and
better coverage it was a fantasy they
had been lying the whole time so he's
like look now in this impossible
situation cuz we had been lying for the
last seven years and by the way Donald
Trump you had also been lying with us
for those last seven years now we have
to come up with something but it's hard
to convince 51 senators to go along with
us and that takes time so if we had more
hearings became what a voter might have
voted with us and we might have gotten
it done so that's a reasonable point
from McConnell to me so he charges Trump
basically with ignorance and Trump fires
back with oh yeah dude sold Mikado's
fault thereby proving his ignorance so
how are you gonna get anything done
without the Senate majority leader of
your own party on your side that goes to
show you don't know how the process
works at all if he had a battle plan to
somehow get rid of Mitch McConnell and
replace it with an ally who actually
couldn't get fifty one votes if he's got
that plan it's super secret he hasn't
shared it with anyone including his
advisers no one knows about it because
it doesn't exist there is no such plan
he's just a child
Oh
videos thank you for being Mitch
McConnell's point and keep in mind that
while you know the Senate was trying to
find a replacement plan for the
Affordable Care Act Donald Trump was
busy attacking Jeff Sessions and so he
wasn't really involved in those
negotiations he wasn't involved in
sharing his ideas or sharing his policy
I mean it was hilarious because during
the election we kept saying over and
over again Donald Trump keeps making
these massive promises without detailing
anything related to actual policy and
then those on the right
no he totally knows what he's doing he's
got some real policies outlined on his
website go on his website he didn't have
anything outlined on his website so it's
it's also Donald Trump who continuously
bullies members of Congress for not
passing anything but what have you done
to help what have you done to provide a
solution and then finally look to the
broader point that's been brought up on
the show before I mean the White House
keeps whining and crying about how
people keep leaking things to the media
yeah people are gonna leak things to the
media if you're constantly attacking
people on Twitter that they have no
loyalty to you because you have no
loyalty to them right and and honestly I
I enjoy the infighting how about it GOP
it's awesome and and the Senate is not
where most often happen so to go after
McConnell and expect that like like
going after Boehner was invoked for a
while and there was a splintered caucus
in the house on the Republican side
doesn't exist in the same way in the
Senate these people by and large of
course you're talking about John Cornyn
who is number two there you're talking
about the Shelley Moore Capito and as
Susan Collins people who are in sort of
high-ranking places not so much with
capital but Collins Rand Paul others bob
Corker they're gonna support Mitch
McConnell and and to what Jiang said to
what McConnell said the Senate is known
you know colloquially as the greatest
deliberative body in the world right so
it's going to take long to get
everything done and what's happening now
it's much more difficult to take
something away from Americans than it is
to not give it to them in the first
place and that's what's happening right
now the Republicans are having to answer
for that and this unlike I mean or I
would say not dissimilar from the North
Korea stand he's provoking Mitch
McConnell he's provoking the Senators
their support for this president is
threadbare it's hardly there and when it
gets broken they're gonna run away
pretty fast because they're gonna go
back to voters who they have known that
have no allegiance to Trump and and the
another last interesting thing is Elaine
Chao
mrs. Mitch McConnell is the Secretary of
Transportation I wonder what that's like
I mean just you know II that Trump
probably doesn't even know he
yeah but I mean it so we it's a straight
because and we're done you know he that
he also picked a lot of Senate and House
leaders to be there to liaised with the
House and Senate including mrs. Mitch
mrs. Mitchell McConnell so I'm sure he
knows that I'm sure that he's
disappointed that that hasn't worked
okay so one more thing about this it to
give you a sense of whether Trump has a
secret planner and I remember he had a
secret plan to defeat Isis on the first
day that he was in office no to be fair
sorry
that one was he said was gonna take
thirty days we're seven months in okay
come on
really conserves here this much as
suckers you really think he has all
these super plans okay so if he had a
secret plan that he was gonna undermine
Mitch McConnell and get a new Senate
Majority Leader that's on his side well
all these senators just came out and
said no were with McConnell not with
Trump not only the ones we name but also
Pat Roberts Isaac Pat Roberts Johnny
Isakson Todd young Cory Gardner and the
list goes on and on so there was never
any plan he has no idea what he's doing
here's a go yo show you who's got more
leverage in the Senate oh it turns out
you do he's such an idiot
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
calm /join
