earlier this month jeff sessions
indicated that the white house intends
on being incredibly aggressive in
identifying leakers and also making sure
that they pay consequences for speaking
to the media but now there are reports
that one of those top leakers could be
Bannen in fact according to Politico in
June Trump started telling aides that he
suspected Bannon was a source of
negative stories after a slew of stories
about Bannon quote winning policy wars
in the White House like Trump's decision
to pull out of the Paris climate Accord
and the president told Bannon to knock
it off and that's according to a senior
administration official who ironically
leaked the story to Politico but wasn't
a user there Ana is really important and
interesting which is that so Bannon has
been undermining people that are as
opponents within the White House he's
not going after liberals in that case
he's going after fellow conservatives
who he views to not be conservative
enough or nationalist enough etc right
but Trump didn't objected any of that
Trump objected when Bannon took credit
for something Trump foreseeing was right
he did yeah if that's what he's a wait a
minute you touched my ego you guys
tearing each other to shreds I don't
care about that that's about you that's
not we look like a mess so what like he
doesn't Trump doesn't think that they
look like a mess he thinks he's winning
hey but if you touch his ego then wait a
minute no that's what he comes after you
yes there's also some potential risk for
the White House and letting him go and
firing him and I think previous found
that out is that if you keep him if you
let him go
what he's gonna come back at you with
you don't want if he's in the White
House if he's working at the White House
you're able to control that a little bit
even if it does result in leaks even if
it does result in bluster and hateful
speech and all those things if it's
aimed at you from outside the White
House should he ever be gone that's far
more dangerous well to your point to two
great quotes here in the article one
aides said if they ever want to let him
go they can see how dangerous he is
from the outside right yeah that's
exactly right damn and then Reince
Priebus wants to abandon to your point
about it Howard
see him right rebus said you've got it
you've got to get people to stop writing
this shit cuz people know it's you
you ran Breitbart Breitbart runs all
these stories it's not that coming who
else's allies with CERN of it
no you it's yeah everybody knows it's
you and the hope is that Kelly can sort
of keep him in line he's not gonna
listen to Reince Priebus he doesn't like
the party in the first place
Kelly might be able to keep him in line
maybe maybe I might be that's what
they're thinking and he is laying low so
a bunch of like White House aides or on
the golf course with the Trump they're
having a good time and apparently Bannon
stayed behind and he's like quietly in
his office plotting to take over the
world but there's also like a slew of
negative news articles on Breitbart and
other conservative outlets about a chart
McMaster and of course
Bandon has some beef with HR McMaster
because he was booted off the National
Security Council and so it's just it's
so easy to connect the dots and yeah I
mean there's a lot of tough talk coming
from sessions but I highly doubt that
they're really gonna go after bana and
do anything about these leaks all right
so let's give you more details because
these are really really interesting so
McMaster kicks off Steve Bana really
early on in the administration with the
National Security Council so that's that
Bannon hates them from then on and all
these articles start appearing in
Breitbart and other right-wing outlets
say all McGrath sir it's not even
McMaster of his own domain I don't think
they said that in particular but anyway
and and then McMaster working on that
one no good
yeah good if you were working on it so
so then recently McMaster also fires
Ezra Cohen watt Nick and Colonel Derek
Harvey from the national security team
and they're both allies of banning so
now the it's getting tighter and tighter
in there he's losing more and more
allies and then there's a guy named that
would be a good time just to bring the
the Richard Higgins and a that's exactly
right
so then rich Higgins is fired and you
were wondering who's rich Higgins so and
so was I so they took they got they
lifted up a rock and fell
little bugs and then release them into
the white house these guys who were the
fringe of the fringe insane all right
naturalist guys that Bannon just put
into the national security complex and
they started writing insane memos so
Higgins wrote a memo and where he said
that that McMahon he implied that
McMaster represents an existential
threat or that sorry Trump represents an
existential threat to the cultural
Marxist memes that dominate the
prevailing cultural narrative that's a
quote okay
Marxist means like we get like these
guys are nuts they think that they're
like Sharia law advocates and Marxist
and Maoists just running around the
country is littered with them they're
like okay the mouse gifts are getting
together with the Islamists with the
globalist and they're hatching this plot
I've never met a mouse in my life has
anybody ever been about this is also
anti-semitic sort of code obviously yes
so now marks this is a little
anti-semitic but the globalist is
something that that actually bright I'm
sorry SD Bannon coined it's a term I
coined to refer to to do Jews there's no
other polite way of saying so he's
polite then
so because it's so weirdly antes all
right let me let me give you the quote
from another quote from Higgins memo
here he said that those threatened by
Trump include quote deep state actors
globalists bankers Islamists and
establishment Republicans so this was
this memo was mainly an aimed at
mcmaster who's the national security and
but sir and his you know and and others
in the administration and saying he's
working with the Jews and he's working
with the Muslims that's apparently a
thing now where the globalist right
Marxist bankers and Islamists are
working together and conspiring against
Trump and they're so mad because Trump
is so good at beating them
what are you talking so of course he's
fired gets fired immediately like he
they should have taken him out in a
straitjacket but total is except that he
was fired of course this is insane as he
is I love that they wouldn't happen he
wasn't upset about what he had said he
was upset that he was fired yeah so this
is the insane soap opera that Donald
Trump has created and you remember when
Donald Trump said during the campaign
we're gonna win so much you're gonna get
tired of we're not real tired
this is waiting I want to start losing
well I mean look maybe he was right
after all
because as progressives we couldn't have
done anywhere near this kind of damage
to conservatives in the Republican Party
right so I am getting a little exhausted
for winning help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network calm /join
