this article went out it was from Mike
m.i.c and it says Kamala Harris a rising
Democratic star faces a problem the
burning wing of the party is sceptical
of her so then here's a guy from hers
Brian Fallon you know Brian Fallon right
Steve yeah wasn't he the spokesperson
for Hillary as a Hillary Clinton and he
tweet tweets that article and he says if
you are attacking Harris right now the
problem is you not her so I think the
best ways I had a million responses to
that the best response came from one of
my favorite writers Adam Johnson from
fair and he said this if if not now when
is an acceptable time to critique Harris
do you have approximate dates what else
I can't what else could you say about so
where did these people come from where
they think you know at some point in my
life when I turned 40 I'm gonna start
making these the most ridiculous
arguments that people aren't allowed to
criticize politicians especially the
most powerful politicians in the country
so if you're a sitting senator you're
one of the 52 three most powerful people
in the entire world and these people
these corporate Democrats are shaming
American citizens and journalists for
critiquing her one of the most powerful
people who wants to be our next
president you're upset that people are
critiquing Harris Kamala Harris right
now holy are you not made for
politics Brian Fallon are you not made
for politics yeah I mean that's
a great point
obviously we're supposed to hold a
politician to account especially when my
opinion especially the ones who purport
to represent you yes
so I care less about criticizing Mitch
McConnell because he doesn't represent
me I don't like Mitch McConnell he
doesn't ask me for my vote yes I don't
care one bit about him you know I don't
get letters from him saying send me
money so Mitch McConnell to me is
irrelevant okay
so I care about Kamala Harris I get
letters from her emails asking you to
donate to her campaign she purports her
well she doesn't represent me she's my
senator yeah California and that she
wants to be my president someday maybe
so of course I should critique her it is
my obligation obligation as as a citizen
to question her motives critique her
background and push her to be a better
politician to better represent us so
this notion that for criticizing her
that that we are the problem is just
absurd and and patently the opposite of
what journalism is supposed to be
especially is coming from someone on the
left right who someone who's supposed to
be on the left a Democrat I mean this
gives credence to the whole argument
that they're a bunch of snowflakes and
the left yeah I take any criticism I
mean come on look you said Jimmy she's a
big girl okay everyone's the politics at
that level they're big boys and big
girls and they can handle criticism from
their constituents if they can't then
they should move to another job she's
she was the chief law enforcement
official in California and but she's too
delicate to take critiques from anybody
by the way three years before another
presidential race what the f so here's
what this Marcos from dailykos says the
alt left is no longer the Bernie wing
these people are uncompromising
extremists with the cult of personality
so I would say a bunch of things to that
one of them is oh if you consider
progressives alt turns out you're the
alt you're an alternative to the left
corporatist war mongers are not people
who don't want us to critique our
sitting senators are no longer
considered left I don't know what kind
of author Terry and regime you come from
I know you're he's an ex-military guy
but this is a little over the top
admonished calling people smearing
people as alt left so the alt left had
to quote Johnny grazie all the alt left
says hey we should have single-payer
health care the all right let's
we should kill everyone who's not white
and then the corporatist democrats say i
can't tell the difference between those
two and that's what this is this is the
alt left why don't think i have a cult
personality if i have healthy skepticism
and then I run evaluate her policies and
her follow-through I'm not a cult
I'm not a part of a cult if I think hey
you took money from minuchin ah you
didn't prosecute her yeah so uh your
copy represent me
you're a cultist you want you want to
investigate corruption inside of our
government if occultism anything is of
course it's all projection as always of
course he's at one that's a cult member
and he's part of the Democratic Party
cult I'm listen yeah so you're with the
Democratic Party and whoever that party
taps to be the next you can't you can't
say anything bad about exactly this is
that that's a cult this is that's a cold
you can't criticize the cult the cult
leader yes you can't criticize that's
what that is
and all the you know are the very loyal
and and and good boys and girls who
followed by cult leader will get in line
and say hey don't anything bad about my
mom you're my daddy
and this is a charge I hope she is great
I hope she's terrific I hope that she's
gonna represent the people if this is
the person that they want to give us in
2020 but I have a lot of healthy
skepticism because why right now 2017
they want me to like Camilla Harris why
right now right I was already fooled by
Obama I was fooled by Clinton President
Clinton I'm embarrassed you know but I
don't want to be fooled again
and Obama did it if you gave us Obama
I'm not on board for a camel Harris
right now because the donors want me to
like her I don't like her you got to
make a better case for her
hey MSNBC just hired Megan Kelly to make
sure Santa Claus stays white if you're
sick of that kind of lefty
corporatism from the news support
aggressive progressives right here at
the Young Turks Network you become a
member for $10 a month it gets you
access to the whole show we do an hour
every week and it gets you access to all
the other member benefits at the Young
Turks stick your thumb in the eye of the
corporate news and become a member of
TYT now we're go to tea white tea
network.com slash join and find out what
it's all about
