here's what happened with Trump in North
Korea where here's a little news report
for you ready after a new assessment
from US intelligence suggests North
Korea may now be capable of making
long-range nuclear weapons the key
component to kim jonghwan path to
wielding a nuclear arsenal here's a
president during an unrelated meeting at
his Golf Resort in New Jersey best not
make any more threats to the United
States they won't be met with fire and
fury like the world has never seen he
has been very threatening beyond a
normal statement and as I said they will
be met with fire fury and frankly power
the likes of which this world has never
seen before so that's what he's
over-the-top incendiary language that
doesn't help anybody or anything it just
makes things worse but it makes them
feel puffed up in the moment that's
Donald Trump but what has happened now
Trump saying all this over the top and
saccas I remember when it was the Trump
was in people were worried about him
becoming president they're saying this
guys are unhinged he could nuke people
but ever since he's become president
the lefty media has been egging him on
to become more bombastic literally to
drop more bombs it wasn't until Trump
bomb Syria that MSNBC and CNN called him
presidential Fareed Zakaria said this is
he became president remember when he
said that same Brian Williams almost
none in his pants was at all we were
guided by the beauty of their missiles
remember that so that's what the admit
with the lefty media and they've been
pounding the war for rush with Russia
ever since the election and that's not
hyperbole I'm not overstating that
they've been conferring to the alleged
Russian hacking of a DNC a private
companies ser server they've been a
calling referring to that with terms of
war this is cyber war this is war we
need to retaliate they've been saying
all that stuff here's
the producer for the last word Kyle
Griffin producer I'm sure he's a nice
person
talk about beating the drums for war
this is before Trump said that stuff
this was before Trump came out and said
fury and fire like they've never seen
before
Trump was tweeting about the New York
Times and media and and here Hillary
Clinton he was attacking them and
tweeting and here was an MSNBC producer
upset that he's not his hair isn't on
fire over the nuclear threat from Korea
so the the news person from MSNBC wants
the president to be more upset and to be
talking about nuclear the nuclear threat
from Korea well guess what you got your
fucking wish so are you happy now are
you happy now and now everybody comes
out and gets upset about how over the
top Trump's a war mongering is well
here's what Brian Williams said because
because it makes me think when I see
stuff like this it's like is it MSNBC's
job are they actually trying to scare
the shit out of us because we all know
fear drives ratings why do they like war
war drives ratings are they and I
thought when I saw this tweet Steve I
thought to myself are they actually
trying to scare us and then I saw this
our job tonight actually is to scare
people to death on this subject oh it
turns out it is their job to scare
people to death on this that's is what
they're doing
he Brian Williams is such an empty shell
he doesn't even know he's not supposed
to fucking admit that he doesn't even
know that's stupid to do your job is to
scare us to death over North Korea
really so we're still in Afghanistan
Brian Iraq didn't shut you up
Libya didn't shut you up we ran out of
bombs in Syria didn't shut you up you
nut it in your pants over Trump bombing
Syria nothing shuts you up so Steve you
have a bigger point to make about this
Korea story yes
so the Krait story is alarming for many
reasons we we don't want North Korea
have nuclear weapons but we've created
an incentive structure for North Korea
to put aside everything else and get
those
weapons because that's the only leverage
they can possibly have against the
United States and them and the message
was sent to the world if you don't have
nuclear weapons if you give up your
nuclear weapons program then what
Prabhas invade you because we can yes
and and then we'll turn on you so you
think we would invade Iraq if Saddam had
a nuclear weapon no we invade it because
he didn't have that's right right what
about Libya because Qadhafi bonds
voluntarily gave them up he gave up this
chemical weapons program and his nuclear
program in 2003 and George Bush well
let's go to the article it's a great
article in the in the intercept about
all of this and how we have created this
weird perverted incentive structure for
the world to pursue nuclear nuclear
warheads as fast as possible because
that's the only leverage they have
against us and bad things happen when
they give it up
it says Trump Intel chief North Korea
learned from Libya war to never give up
nukes in celebrating Libya's decision
President George W Bush declared that
the rest of the world should take away
the message that quote leaders who
abandon the pursuit of chemical
biological and nuclear weapons and the
means to deliver them will find an open
path to better relations with the United
States and other free nations yeah so
that was a promise made to Qaddafi yes
Gaddafi gave him up and it was
celebrated as I could as a big deal and
George Bush put the world on notice and
said everyone should do this because it
would lead to a better situation for you
and for your country and then when there
was an uprising against against Qaddafi
we supported you know the rebels and
allowed Qaddafi to be captured by the
rebels where they sodomized him with a
bayonet and they killed him and that
story got out I get everyone knows about
that so what's the lesson from other
strong or even the four other strong men
across the world don't give up your
nukes because the US would then turn on
you and allow you to be sodomized with a
bayonet by your enemies from within so
you know the Trump situation right now
obviously isn't helpful he's a bad actor
a volatile guy unpredictable and he
could easily launch
the nuclear weapons all of that but
there are a lot of forces at play here
so the forces are our long-term foreign
policy the objective isn't really to
achieve peace know that right yeah
objective of our foreign policy is to
maintain a state of war that that
delivers profits to certain very moneyed
interests so we don't want to have too
much war because then the people might
be upset but sustainable war and
sustainable like sufficient peace so
that people don't go crazy you know
uprising against the system that is so
it's very frustrating to me that we have
the the msn you know mainstream media
that like you said you know foams at the
mouth and fanned the flames of war every
single opportunity so that we get this
idiot in office and of course he's an
act accordingly and he's gonna be as
over-the-top and his bombastic as
everyone else whereas let's say Hillary
really measured in her tone the message
is the same
we like war we're gonna we're gonna be
what does she say
and written she said that she'll be more
muscular show a more muscular force more
energy than that Barack Obama well
that's her a much more dignified way of
saying we're gonna kick some ass all
over the world Byron fury yeah and fire
and fury and of course Trump is an idiot
so he just just you know mm-hmm just
shouts it out fire and fury so that's
the situation that we have and again
when I hear people talk about terrorism
I don't need my terrorism unless you're
gonna start with we're going to stop
funding the terrorists through our banks
we're gonna have some real regulations
on what the banks can and cannot do and
we're gonna stop studying arms to
terrorists okay into the regions where
where the terrorism is running rampant
so unless you're willing to do those two
things I don't want to hear about your
purported desire to fight terrorism and
then on this situation with with North
Korea and war in general I don't want to
hear that you're that you care about
peace unless you stop Fanning the flames
of war and and that's what we do I mean
like you said Brian Williams free
Zakaria like these so
odd dignified men with profit are going
crazy over the prospect of more war
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens as a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
