you should Forrest bathe what is forest
bathing it's getting naked and getting
rubbed down by people dressed as Forrest
Gump no it's not
Forrest bathing I would be awesome
Forrest bathing is going out into nature
and immersing yourself and all its
wonder as if you're seeing it for the
first time don't know what I'm saying
take a look at this video from CNN on
hand on your belly the other hand on
your heart
so forest bathing comes from the word
shinrin yoku which is Japanese word now
reach your arms up and it means being in
nature in Japan they have special
medical forests where people can go be
out in nature you're coming into the
forest with a conscious intention to
slow down to connect to heal it's all
about moving slow a lot slower than you
expect
let me think like peppery and about
engaging all your senses in our hospital
we actually prescribe nature studies
have shown that within minutes of
walking into a forest your stress
improves heart rate will come down blood
pressure will come down then over the
course of an hour to an hour and a half
if you're walking through a natural
setting symptoms of depression or
anxiety improve
there it is I love this I love why do
you love it so much so much because it's
so true it's true
okay look you're so keep your hearted no
I know but here's the thing I know you
guys some of you Jake included probably
watch that video and you see these
crunchy granola hippies like rubbing up
on trees and it seems so ridiculous
right yes but it's so true
okay look I I'm only speaking from
personal experience there is nothing
more therapeutic than being in nature
and and finally like taking in the
beauty of this planet that we live on
right you're not looking at your phone
you're not sucked into some Netflix show
you're like I don't know you just feel
connected to the world and it's an
amazing feeling and so I'm really happy
to see that that people are using this
method to help treat their depression
because I think it's one of the most
therapeutic things I mean I used it as a
therapeutic method when I was going
through the probably you do force
bathing and here's the thing I didn't
refer to it as forest bathing was an
amazing term I went to Joshua Tree and
you know Joshua Tree National Park in
California and it was amazing recently I
went to Big Sur and Carmel beautiful and
it's just it's the best thing that you
can do okay now now let me keep it
I'm a big strong man okay like nature
okay I lays I don't feel that a forest
be there would prejudge me like that
okay so let me tell you what I what I
think all right so first of all I of
course thought that the title they were
going on the forest Miller okay like
finding a pond I was like I'm gonna do
that's ridiculous yeah that's we would
call showers and when they're in cetera
but have you ever bathed in like just
like an open shower like a pond a pool
and upon pond to be good for you the
natural natural yeah have I got in
toward the natural body of water yes
yeah then afterwards you have to take a
shower
oh so one guy one of these folks the
rosani says that who founded the Center
for nature and health says that they
offer medical care in nature no thank
you
I would like my Medicare in a hospital
okay so hold on so I'm not buying that
and and then one more here they say that
as part of this that you should they
didn't make sure their absorbent godless
good good good okay and they said you
should even silently ask the tree a
question to see what it thoughts at my
smart I'm not asking any trees any
questions it's just not gonna happen I'm
not gonna be like it now next on TYT
interviews a tree I can totally see
someone on some sort of psychedelic
substance and if you wanna yeah but look
I don't I don't think that that's
representative of what most of what most
of the forest bathing community does I
really do hope the forest bathing
communities refers to itself as the
forest bathing community people go out
to nature to unplug and and improve
their like mental health they call
themselves the forest bathing Club of
San Francisco actually yeah so they
actually literally do and then a guy
named Lazarus
who felt rejuvenated by this
appropriately so said that when he did
talk to the tree the tree talked back
and said we got your back hurts the tree
all right so now my real opinion so
those are all my real opinion too and
I'm amused by the extremists in the
forest bathing community but overall and
they've got a goofy name but overall
should you go enjoy nature of course of
course you should and so like I find
this story to be both hilarious and
obvious at the same time so we now spend
93% of our time indoors yes and where
did we spend overwhelming majority of
our time as a species outdoors of course
we did we were born outdoors we lived
out there was only in the last you know
millennium are we even did we even have
shelter in the last couple of centuries
when we created these giant cities where
we all live indoors most of the time
should you go out and look at trees and
walk around in nature of course you
should is that gonna make you feel
better generally yeah it's in our DNA
I'm sure it'll make you feel better
it makes me feel better indoors caves
were cavemen but caves were exaggerated
this there wasn't that many caves do as
if my cave dwelling is greatly
exaggerated that's right let's talk a
little bit about vitamins because it's
important so there's a big issue with
Americans lacking vitamin D yeah well a
lot of Americans are vitamin D deficient
and so every year I go in for my
physical they do the blood test
everything's great except vitamin D your
vitamin D deficient you're right please
take the supplements but why do you
think we're vitamin D deficient because
we're constantly in the office but is it
summer is it winter is it fall who cares
we're not gonna know because we're in an
office all day I talked to a doctor who
said that it's because you put too much
sunscreen on I live in Manhattan Beach
California she's like everyone here is
mana is Manhattan Beach everyone here is
vitamin D deficient I said why
everyone's outside all the time she's
like yeah it's the sunscreen yeah see
that's it but I bet you're right 93 %
inside yes but it's it's interesting
because it's that I think is an
interesting discussion over like
sunscreen
or melanoma and vitamin D or skin cancer
there's a balance vitamin D obviously
protect your skin but look the heart of
the story is spend some time in nature
because it goes further than your mental
health it gives you this appreciation
for this planet that I don't think
you'll have if you don't spend time in
our national parks and and you know
places like that well look I'm gonna go
away further yeah hold you're gonna see
I'm the original force base okay so
first of all I'm I'm like a grandma I'm
obsessed with scenery you know I will
drive hours out of my way to see it a
beach or woods anything that looks great
right and it's part of nature and I'll
bask in it you know if so and these some
of these folks are like oh my god I had
in 10 years I hadn't looked at the trees
I go outside and Iowa on a weekend I
will walk around my neighborhood and I
will literally pause in like an awkward
kind of weird way for like a couple of
minutes and and enjoy how the sun is
shining off the trees yeah was that old
school you're like I'm the best at
enjoying stuff yeah that's one of the
things that's right that's right we
talked about in the previous episode of
old school you should check that out
become a member of tea white tea
network.com slash join anyway and so and
I once hugged a tree I was in a jovial
mood I was much younger and back then I
was a Republican so wasn't even in my
liberal days or progressive it'd be fair
a lot of Republicans do appreciate
nature I wish they would want to protect
it but sometimes they do they did some
conservation and and fought back against
the Trump administration wanting to
privatize public lands and they cake
jason chaffetz ass and compart leeches
amount of congress so your conservatives
who did that bless your hearts right so
and I was in a particularly jovial mood
and Freehold it was a lovely day and I
was like okay this is super ridiculous
and silly i'ma hug this tree okay it was
kind of like winking at myself right but
but yeah so guys you should it to the
best of your abilities and we all have
crazy schedules and you got kids who got
work I understand all that but if you
can try to
out there and yeah walk around for 15
minutes it's love it
San Francisco where this happens there
is an area called the Presidio which has
like been undeveloped since the Spanish
owned you know California and it is a
change completely like the air changes
the smells change just as you cross from
the street the Presidio is on into the
Presidio it's like a definite like I
don't know it's like an airlock you just
kind of walk through it and it's a
completely different feeling and and it
helps you know what that's funny you say
that and maybe we'll talk more about
this in the postgame but I was in the
Presidio recently about maybe a month
ago and and I had to do a whole bunch of
business calls I was at a conference and
I was like who needs to be inside I
stepped outside and I just kept walking
around and it was gorgeous and it was a
great day outside Horus Bay they're like
good compromise cuz there's also like a
Walt Disney Family museum right there
it's just this beautiful area it's where
LucasArts yeah look I was the original
force bather before they put a really
ridiculous name on it you were lathering
up day and night oh yeah get a bridge in
there yes go enjoy nature if you liked
this video you probably like independent
media the best way to support
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
