Donald Trump has been incredibly
indecisive over foreign policy in regard
to Afghanistan and as a result it seems
as though terrorist organizations
including the Taliban are now gaining
more momentum in the country so instead
of approving their plan for more troops
as anticipated the president has caught
his generals off-guard by questioning
whether the 16 year long effort to
stabilize Afghanistan is still worth it
now prior to this story breaking there
was a meeting that Donald Trump had with
generals in mid-july
and during that meeting he was supposed
to finally come up with a decision over
what to do in Afghanistan do we pull out
our troops do we commit more troops on
the ground and the meeting did not end
well and as you can tell he is still
indecisive NBC did a really great report
on that meeting so I want to show you a
snippet of that let's take a look
senior administration officials take NBC
News inside that meeting two weeks ago
where the president's key advisors
surrounded him including Secretary of
Defense Jim mattis those sources say the
president lashed out suggesting mattis
should fire the general in charge of
Afghanistan venting quote we aren't
winning influenced it seemed by a
meeting he'd had earlier with veterans
of the Afghan war those same sources
tell NBC News some in the room were
taken aback by an analogy the president
made referencing the renovation of a
favorite New York restaurant led by an
outside consultant to illustrate how
those on the ground might make better
decisions than those at higher levels
his point was perhaps it would have been
better if that owner had gone to the
employees who are working in the
restaurant rather than hired someone
from the outside and suisse did a lot of
money those officials say the president
also seemed annoyed China not the u.s.
is making money mining rare minerals in
Afghanistan sources tell NBC News the
president left the meeting without
deciding on a strategy and that his
advisors left stunned by the way in that
meeting he was reported to be
particularly harsh to mattis and
maddis ended up leaving for a long walk
so he can kind of think about things and
what his next steps will be but I think
look this story has a lot of moving
parts but what I want you guys to pay
attention to is the issue of China
mining for the minerals Trump is bitter
about that and also he wasn't given one
option he was given a variety of options
including pulling troops out or
committing more troops and he doesn't
like any of them probably because there
are some financial considerations that
he wants to them to take into account
and they haven't yet so I've got a lot
of mixed feelings about this so let's
talk about all the different angles
first on the minerals I want to be clear
he he doesn't think we should get
contracts to mine the minerals he just
wants to take that and he said this
during the campaign and people thought
he was you know exaggerating when he
said well we went to Iraq and we spent
all that money why don't we just take
their oil and people thought well no
he's oversimplifying that's insane of
course we can't just take their oil then
the whole country would be an open
revolt talk to us and we could never get
out right no now he's president he's
saying well they've got like a trillion
dollars of minerals in Afghanistan why
don't we at least take it to pay for the
war no that would be stealing
no he's robbing from them and if you
thought you had a bad fight in
Afghanistan today wait till you get a
lot of Afghanistan if you do that now
but there are plenty of things that I
sympathize with Trump on here which is
rare so one he's right there are no good
options in Afghanistan - now let's
remember Obama took a long time to make
a decision on Afghanistan so fair is
fair
three the generals want to push him in a
certain direction and by the way one of
the reasons why that stuff got leaked to
NBC why there's an article in Politico
it's a lot of the generals in the
military-industrial complex going why
won't he just do more war already that's
right
and and McCain has responded to all of
this by saying you know Trump is being
indecisive and so I I might take matters
into my own hands and do what I can to
commit more troops and I'll get to some
of the more detailed proposals that
McCain has but yeah the generals want
more war John McCain unsurprisingly with
his hawkish nature wants
or and so half of trumps intentions I
would say are good intentions because he
realizes that what we've been doing has
been failing and he apparently met with
real veterans from Afghanistan wonderful
that's the most he's ever done for
veterans it's sure I'll give more credit
to Trump here this is unprecedented and
then I'll tell you what his actual plan
is which is not good
in 2013 he said about Afghanistan we
should leave Afghanistan immediately
no more wasted lives if we have to go
back in we go in hard and quick rebuild
a u.s. first he's right about that he
should just simply do that that is one
of the options and he can stop thinking
about and just do his original plan and
in July of this year when he's president
so just last month he said we've been
there now for close to 17 years and I
want to find out why we've been there
for 17 years and how it's going and what
we should do in terms of additional
ideas about whether there'll be more
troops there he said we'll see
so those instincts are good and then his
generals and they view this to be like a
positive thing and they gave it to
Politico I was like come on this is come
on we want more war right the Afghan
government controls her influences only
60 percent of the country this summer
and they say last summer they controlled
65% of the country so they're saying
it's deteriorating and hence we should
put more troops in but wait a minute
we've had troops there for 17 years and
you still only control 60 percent of the
country and you thought it was a great
thing when they controlled 65 percent of
the country last year no all of these
things are disastrous get out get out
get out now so that's a lot of praise
for Trump in the direction he seems to
be going the minerals are good point by
Anna there's a huge counterpoint doesn't
understand how this thing works and
basically looking for how do I get our
hot to be fair not Trump directly how do
we get rich off of this thing right
that's the way he is my words but much
worse is that if he just wanted to get
out he could actually make that decision
commander-in-chief he just ordered and
we're done with it which is what he's
been saying for all along why don't you
just do it well there's a reason why
he's thinking about privatizing the
military in Afghanistan now this has a
couple components one it's it takes
power away from the guy
and it gives it2 unaccountable private
mercenaries okay number two the guys
he's thinking of hiring is led by Erik
Prince the guy who used to run
Blackwater who is the brother of Betsy
DeVos and the divorced family gave is
one of the top donors the Republicans in
this election cycle so and Eric Prince
is also the guy who went met with the
Russians in a secret meeting in
seashells that we found out about a
couple of months ago so Eric Prince is
helping Trump with the Russians and his
family gave more money than Republicans
at almost anyone in the country
and all of a sudden Trump thinks well I
don't like the option of leaving anymore
I don't like the option of putting in
more troops and he's in other words
biding his time to introduce the option
of why don't we just give it to my
friend Eric Prince and let him make
billions of dollars off of it that way
the millions he gave us will be repaid
by billions from taxpayers that's right
and the mercenaries will be
unaccountable so they could do whatever
the hell they want
Eric Prince wrote an article in The Wall
Street Journal in May arguing for this
position and he said we should just have
a viceroy welcome back to viceroys and
by the way not a government one not one
accountable to our democracy right but a
private viceroy for a mercenary army and
think about the ramifications of
Blackwater or you know this private
organization having complete control
with a lack of oversight now of course
there's the cost component of that where
we're gonna have to spend a ton of money
paying these private contractors to
handle the situation in Afghanistan but
there's also the issue of how Blackwater
behaved in the past during the Bush
administration and so look people can
deny it as much as they want but our
actions in the Middle East have only led
to more instability and more hostility
toward the United States you have
Blackwater type guys back in control in
a place like Afghanistan I mean you
think they're gonna treat people fairly
or you know in a non-violent way I think
it's actually gonna lead to even more
hostility toward the United States
really bad idea and by Nonviolent what
we mean is in a way that gets the the
country on our side so we can
quote-unquote liberate it and then
eventually leave so taxpayers stop
paying money in so that we stop losing
troops and we have stability in the
region and and so look you know my
opinion of Trump is not very high to say
the least
but if he does the right thing and says
hey this after 17 years this isn't
working I agree with the veterans I
agree with the libertarians I agree with
a lot of the right-wing who says we
should get out the Nationalists I agree
with progressives etc we're leaving then
I'm gonna give them all the credit in
the world on that issue okay and I'm
happy to do that I can't wait to do that
but if they go to a mercenary army
instead and they would be paramilitary
units and not subject to oversight by
the United States military and they're
bragging that they're calling this the
the Laos option your honor what we did
with Laos during Vietnam did that go
well that ended in disaster but they put
it out there like oh yeah yeah let's
just do the same thing we did over there
as if it was a positive thing so if he
goes in this direction to enrich his
donors at the expense of our democracy
let alone what might happen in
Afghanistan when these mercenaries take
over it will be hideous any and just
when you thought it couldn't get worse
option than more military escalation in
Afghanistan he will have found an even
worse option help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
