I was just at Politico this is the
fourth year in a row that I've closed
out that convention with a debate
against a right winger and it has been
an interesting set of folks and what I
wanted to do here was tell you the
differences in their debating style and
substance and what I learned from it
including the debate with Tiger cross
and last night that we had and and for
the members I'm gonna go deeper and I'm
gonna tell you what I would have told
Tucker Carlson if the debate had gone in
a different direction especially if it
got in a more antagonistic direction so
tea y-t-dot-com /join to become a member
and in the post games and in 18 other
shows we have we give you more
progressive take on on the issues
including this one so now here's roughly
the floor and then we could have a
conversation about it
Ann Coulter is someone who's an actress
and so in the beginning of the debate
with her I tried to get her to basically
admit that she doesn't really mean it
she almost did it and if you watch that
debate at some point she says well I
mean come on
and then corrects herself catches
herself and from then on that turning
point she then went over the top and
talked about the Browning of America and
how deplorable was that we were letting
peasants and so then I became more
antagonistic based on her outrageous
comments okay and then Dinesh D'Souza is
actually the saddest of the lot in my
opinion I agree yeah you know Joe
Ricketts is a as a major Republican
donor he's the owner of the Chicago Cubs
and Ameritrade and back in 2012 he
commissioned a report that said we need
a brown-skinned person to attack Obama
okay
they found him well mission accomplished
and Dinesh D'Souza that of course a
giant movie about oh how Obama is from
is against colonialism didn't estuary
your family originally came from
suffered greatly under colonialism but
they needed someone to do their bidding
and he makes outrageous ridiculous
points so I for the Dinesh's of the
world it's not really worth talking to
him anymore if you ask me I mean what's
the guy you're gonna do he's gonna get P
gets paid to put out offensive
points on purpose i remarried now
defense trump is having great moral
character and he said obama had bad
moral character because he used a selfie
stick in the White House and he said it
was a ghetto thing to do
that's who Dinesh D'Souza is okay no
interest in that guy ben shapiro is a
robot so he he does not care to engage
in a conversation he's not trying to
learn something he's a fascinating by
your point of view and howard juxtaposes
to his point of view he's got his
talking points he's ready to unleash
them he's got his guys ready to make
clips out of them afterwards he has a
very specific purpose it's a business
and he's gonna do this and then they all
those guys are gonna say doesn't matter
fill in the blank whoever he talks to
whether it's on TV and a debate etc
crush destroyed disemboweled my favorite
as i've told you several times is when
these guys get the target points
confusing in the streets they'll say Oh
Beth Shapiro eight you know what you
think it means okay so anyway so it's a
machine it's and his job is not to have
a conversation but to get out his
talking points as fast as he can because
the right-wing if you speak fast
confuses that for intellect
okay now we go to Tucker cross and then
here's where the interesting surprise
came in we had a real conversation and
he was a real person and I was kind of
blown away by that
and so I completely changed what I was
going to say based on the what Tucker
was doing if Tucker had taken a Ben
Shapiro or Dinesh D'Souza or
agricultural line and I would have
attacked him and I had a whole series of
attacks ready that's what we'll talk
about in the post here for the members
but Tucker often said oh that's
interesting and maybe you have a decent
point on this and not one on that right
and so then we can actually have a
conversation as actual human beings and
not robots regurgitating talking points
so for example when he talks about hey
everybody that comes here needs to speak
English well I have a point of view on
that that is not necessarily liberal
orthodoxy and and I shared that and I'm
willing to share that I'm not getting
give a at any ground or an inch to
dinesh d'souza or a ben shapiro
because that's not what they're looking
for they would only use it
against you right but if you're having a
conversation with a human you can
actually go back and forth like okay
that makes sense and that doesn't make
sense and I think that he so I don't
want people to him take him conceding
points is a sign of weakness I think
it's a sign of intellect and and having
a conversation now on the other hand
Tucker says terrible things on the air
so I'm I'm conflicted by that and I'm
just keeping it real but it was I had to
confess that it was nice to talk to her
non-robot you mind if I jump in yeah of
course okay so I've actually been saying
something similar about Tucker Carlson
for a while now he just wrote a book and
the whole point of the book is like oh
my goodness the elitists are so bad
they're so terrible they've destroyed
everything basically we need to turn
power back over to the people and he's
kind of doing a Steve Bannon esque thing
where he's kind of a fake populist and
there's a reason I say fake and not just
populist because the trick that he does
is he will say a lot of the right things
in fact now he even says I go I'm
against the wars in fact he kind of
berated neocon john bolton but
ultimately he ends up supporting Donald
Trump so and don't get me wrong the
arguments on their own merit are pretty
good when he says hey I hate the
neo-cons and you know I hate the
elitists who have ruined everything and
but if your solution is more of the
problem and we now know because Donald
Trump's policies exacerbate the problem
he really is of the establishment and
he's totally elitist that's what all of
his policies have been since he's been
in office he brought about it well then
he's a snake then Tucker Carlson is a
snake oil salesman and I'm not trying to
say that as like you know to put him
down or anything or take a potshot I'm
just saying that if you're backing
Donald Trump and you're pretending to be
anti-establishment you're simply not
anti-establishment mm-hmm yeah I mean
Donald Trump literally bragged that he's
like on the lead what do you mean he
said in a rally he's like oh these other
guys claiming to be leaves I'm the lead
hey knucklehead you're not supposed to
admit that remember you're in an anti
aliased campaign but he can't help
himself so I hear what you're saying but
and I think there's a lot more problems
with what Tucker Carlson says off
especially related to cultural
demographics but to be fair to him even
on the Wars he's it real or not real
okay one you yell at John Bolton about
Syria on on air that's real because it's
good yes yeah yep and on the Iraq war he
turned within one year he didn't wait 17
years I mean Hillary Clinton took on
true he turns in a year I didn't know
that yeah okay I did just did a lot of
research so I know so he was like yep I
was wrong I gave in to my instinct says
said not to go into Iraq but I gave in
to people who I thought were smarter
than me etc it was a mistake and I and I
regret it and I can't believe others
haven't turned on it so that's that's
that's significant I think you're wrong
and here's why I think you're
overthinking Tucker Carlson's political
opinions or thoughts I think you're
discounting human psychology and what
happens to you when you show up at an
event realizing that you read a
teleprompter every day for your job that
you somehow miraculously can do a daily
news program and write a book
simultaneously which is nearly
impossible if you actually do the
research necessary to to report the news
and share your real analysis and real
opinions I think he showed up became
intimidated by this giant crowd that was
there to see this debate essentially and
notice that you came prepared and so an
easy way to get through that situation
without too much pain is to be more
agreeable and I think that's the reason
why he really minimized and downplayed
some of the stuff that he says on Fox
News on a regular basis so what he said
on Fox News about how scary it is when
the demographics start to change you
know that was a fear-mongering about
immigration okay but again he downplayed
that when you called him out on it
during this debate and so again it's
less painful to just be agreeable and
and he kept calling you smart which you
are I'm not trying to pretend like
like I mean one of the chances right
obviously just trying to be agreeable
that was like if you pay close attention
it's subtle but it was obvious to me it
was a white flag
well like it was let me compliment him
let me point to his good points call him
smart and hopefully he doesn't maul me
which you could have easily done so yeah
I really disagree and it's fascinating
that there's different my favorite
conspiracy theory from someone who works
here is that he's trying to red pill you
guys that is seeming to agree with you
guys so you'll watch him and then you'll
buy into his point about immigrants
being bad and how we got to have one
culture here but if you watch him his
rhetoric is the antithesis of what you
experienced during that debate right
that's support that's jarring and hard
to hard to square and that's why to me
and that's why I could Tim I enjoyed
this debate so much more because it was
it's Tucker cross as a mystery
I know exactly what I'm gonna get with
Dinesh D'Souza has a really sad pathetic
man who's gonna do the same exact
talking boys charlie Kirk every time he
does debate with Hassan piker as he did
a politican twice now and with others he
will mention Venezuela
every time you might write it down in
stone I I got him to come out in favor
of some good positions I don't know how
I did it watch dad you know how I did it
I'm lying what I did is and this is you
know something I think works is if you
go into a debate and you frame the
conversation from their ideology then
it's hard for them to disagree so I said
I know you believe in small government
and hey a lot of people do sometimes
that makes sense
well let me tell you the areas where I
believe in small government and I said
warrantless NSA spying the government's
way too big I want the government out of
your life they're the drug war I want
the government out of your life their
foreign policy let's you know
shrink the size of the military let's
have smaller government and when you
frame it from their ideology it's
already a checkmate cuz then if he
disagrees now he's in favor of big
government so I think that that's
actually one of the reasons why your
conversation with Tucker I actually
enjoyed it because I do think it was a
real conversation now some of it maybe
he was being disingenuous to Anna's
point but I do think other parts of it
no you just you were there to push him
so you in turn made him more nuanced and
he was able to flesh out those issues
better than when he just sounds like a
demagogue on Fox talking about the
demographic changes and I I really I do
I think it was a really good debate a
really good discussion I'm happy you did
it and I saw that Glenn Greenwald
tweeted that hey this was a really good
debate very substantive so I hope we see
more of that and I have to say I'm less
surprised by your discussion with him
turning out the way it did then I M by
the fact that Charlie Kirk's somehow
agreed on some left issues you know in
fact to give evolve and this is gonna be
the maybe the most surprising thing I
say but do you have truly heard a little
bit of credit is in that panel the Euron
there was another conservative from The
Daily wire which is Ben Shapiro he was
hilariously stupid but nobody that guy
was a robot yes you were never gonna
move him off of any position he's like
whatever the Republican position is a
hundred percent agree with it it doesn't
have to make sense did you say the
pro-life part yeah I mean yes he's of
course it but that's a common thing they
all say that they're pro-life then Kyle
challenges him on death penalty and he's
like I believe in the death penalty a
hundred percent is a great to murder
people trapped right I know but he
really doesn't care yeah he's a robot
right he's sent to do Republican talking
points whereas Charlie in that
conversation at least had some points
with that I don't think he just made up
at the on the spot I think he probably
is against warrantless wires he presents
himself as a libertarian so let's be
clear about that he doesn't consider
himself a conservative I think the real
disagreement comes about when you start
talking about economic policy oh yeah
including deregulation taxation stuff
like that that's when he keeps his
donors in mind and spews you know those
talking points about how somehow you
know deregulating and getting rid of the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is
gonna be good for you as an average
American well that goes to people's
intentions and and hence let's let's
conclude on this because what is Charlie
Kirk get paid for and that's why you got
triggered when I asked them what's your
salary in the middle of the debate
every single year every single year by
the way I looked into that no he doesn't
the charity that he gives to is
basically the nonprofit foundation tied
to Turning Point USA so anyway I also
gives the Jane huger charity to be fair
no seriously though I I don't know what
I live like a capitalist every day means
but okay so what is Charlie get paid for
he gets paid by those incredibly rich
donors to make sure that they have low
tax cuts so warrantless wiretapping
Foster Friess is like don't care tax
cuts I care charlie go tell everybody
tax cuts is awesome and Tucker I think
that if he wasn't on Fox News might have
more interesting conversations like the
ones that we had and we could have an
interesting debate and not even a debate
but a discussion between libertarian
right wing and and and left wing and
neither one of us is tied to a
particular party I criticize the
Democratic Party all the time and in I
did during the debate he from time to
time criticizes the Republican Party
having less so but yeah but could but
east on Fox News and Fox News 101 is
demagoguing fear of the others that are
invading your country it's largely an
audience that is very old very white
very male and so that's catnip for them
I mean and that pays the bills so that's
my best guess so speaking of his
audience that's among the insults ahead
plan that I did not use that will talk
about in the postgame TYT drop slice
join to become a member and get that and
all the post games every day on the go
don't worry we've got you covered you
still listen to T YT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
