Robert Jeffrey's a an evangelical
advisor to Donald Trump chimed in on the
North Korea debate and essentially told
Trump that God has given you the ability
the blessing to take kim jeong-hoon
out by any means necessary so let me
give you his statement he says when it
comes to how we should deal with
evildoers the Bible in the book of
Romans is very clear God has endowed
rulers full power to use whatever means
necessary including war to stop evil in
the case of North Korea God has given
Trump authority to take out kim
jeong-hoon now keep in mind that the
passage that he's talking about is
romans 13 the passage says that
government authorities have been
installed by god and a ruler is the
servant of god to execute wrath on the
wrongdoer in Jeffrey's interpretation
that gives leaders freedom to do
whatever whether it's assassination
capital punishment or evil punishment to
quell the actions of evildoers like kim
jeong-hoon
and here is one more tweet that he put
out there when the President of the
United States draws a red line he will
not erase move or back away from it
thank God for a president who is serious
about protecting our country the reason
why I think that tweet is relevant is
because it makes it clear that he is
responding to Donald Trump's threats of
nuclear action his original statement
didn't mention nuclear action but that
tweet is in response to it so it seems
that he's very supportive yeah so let's
go into all the different ways that he
has bastardized the text to his if you
believe in evil evil purposes so first
of all Romans 12 the one right above
Romans 13 says that you shall not repay
evil with evil okay so there goes that
furthermore Jesus said that you should
turn the other cheek
well what I'm turning the other cheek
now look do I think we should turn the
other cheek another country taxes no but
I'm not a Christian nor do I think we
should be ruled by the Bible I think we
should be ruled by the Constitution when
they act but if you are a Christian and
this guy pretends to be a pastor or
pretends to care about Jesus and the
new testament etc well perhaps he should
read it and they asked about Sermon on
the Mount and he admits sometimes people
will ask him about the Sermon on the
Mount have you ever even read it do you
even know what Jesus said and he said he
said quote do you want the president
they embody the Sermon on the Mount I
said absolutely not
that's his thing I mean the hypocrisy is
amazing and again you consider yourself
one of the most moral people on the
planet right your religion makes you so
moral you're advocating for a use of
force that would wipe out hundreds of
thousands if not millions of innocent
people yes so let's talk about what a
monster Robert Jeffress is and and and
look whether you think Christianity is
good and hence he is not Christian or
you think Christianity is bad and hence
he is a Christian I mean neither one of
those camps I think all the religions
are 100% untrue so having a conversation
about who's a true Christian or who's a
true Muslim is irrelevant they the texts
are completely contradictory it was in
themselves so yes and the Bible says eye
for an eye it also says turn another
cheek so which one is it
oh don't believe the Old Testament Moses
Genesis and all the other parts that I
like including aiding gays but otherwise
believe the New Testament except don't
believe the parts I don't like in that
one I mean it's just total nonsense okay
but if you claim that you're all that
Christianity and God and all that and
you want the guy that you think is the
most Christian and you told all your
evangelical voters to vote for him
because he's the most Christian guy and
you tell him to ignore the Sermon on the
Mount Oh Frank for literally for God's
sake it doesn't get any less Christian
than that at least I mean if if the
Sermon on the Mount doesn't count then
what have you done to the Bible you've
done the anti Thomas Jefferson Thomas
Jefferson by the way of founding father
and helped the write their constitution
obviously James Madison wrote it Thomas
Jefferson wrote Declaration of
Independence but Madison also partly
based it on what Jefferson had written
in Virginia so he would tear out huge
parts of the bio most of
Bible that he thought was gross and
violent and unproductive and he had the
Jefferson Bible only the good parts
it looks like Jeffress has the exact
opposite he ripped out all the good
parts and the bad parts and so in a
nuclear war and when you drop a nuke and
if you've never seen the pictures from
Hiroshima or Nagasaki it burns
everyone alive so you see and and that's
in the the core a hundred thousand
people is sinner ated immediately on the
outer edges it burns people but they
don't die and then they get the
radiation and then the radiation is in
the water and it and it's poison that
kills them slowly and it is the most
grotesque thing humans have ever done to
one another you know unfortunately there
is a long list of grotesque things we've
done to each other but it is certainly
near the top and here's Jeffers going
burning babies alive
that's what Jesus would want Wow if you
think that's what Jesus wants then your
view of Christianity is way worse than
my view of Christianity and I don't
believe it at all
so these people are monsters they really
are and look the reality is you know
going back to your statement about how
he takes the worst parts of the Bible
and he you know celebrates those parts
as opposed to the good parts I mean it's
it's true of a lot of people now I think
the vast majority of religious people
look at their religious doctrine and and
they take the good parts out of it right
but you know there are people who
cherry-pick and they use that doctrine
as a as an excuse to hate to advocate
for violence to discriminate against
people and so it doesn't surprise me
it's just that whenever we have these
conversations it's usually about people
from one specific religion as opposed to
you know evangelicals yeah so now two
more things here I don't want you guys
to get the wrong idea that all
Christians agree with him not remotely
right there are a lot of Christians who
have come out there's Catholic priests
who wrote a great article in the Dallas
news Joshua Whitfield is his name yeah
and he's a Catholic
religious leader and he just laid into
Jefferson said he totally misunderstands
like the Bible and he gave a bunch of
bible quotes to set her a wonderful job
by him and Catholics generally oppose
war let alone nuclear war the Pope has
fought against war over and over again
including the Iraq war in in earlier
days this Pope and it's not just that
this Pope was more liberal no even
conservative posts were against Iraq war
were against all those wars and and even
on Twitter today
tons of conservative Christians
Republicans saying that Jeffress is does
not represent Christianity so I want to
give you the full context but if you're
in Jefferson's camp and you that's the
kind of evangelical Christianity that
you believe in well one you're an
enormous hypocrite so you're supporting
Donald Trump who was married three
different times what happen to your
family values notoriously cheated on is
almost all of his wives unbelievable
every single one according to charges by
others right let alone what's in the
divorce papers about what he did to his
wives let alone what he is bragged about
doing to women who gave no consent and
all the time you said you cared about
morality and Family Values you were 100%
lying it was political cover for things
that you actually wanted to do things
grow tests like this more war nuclear
war etc and and and then finally guys
are you kidding me so Jefferson main
point is that's okay the government is
awesome the government persecuted
against Christians it's all over the
Bible which it wants you have another
government and if you're a conservative
aren't you supposed to be safe small
government and and so the Christians
would be you know he's thrown to the
Lions by the government I think and so
st. Paul warned about the government
they all did and they said it will it is
it you want to read it's go to graphic
17 and this is written by Catholic
pastor Joshua Whitfield that we
referenced earlier he says for Paul it
would have been unthinkable to consider
a political ruler some sort of anointed
Christian Prince or president waging war
on behalf of belief believers he sought
political authority as something ordered
by God rather than ordained by him and
and he talks about how
Paul thought that God was government was
demonic now look I don't agree with that
either and we should be ruled by the
Constitution not the Bible yes but in
terms of if you're actually care about
what the Bible says in the core of it is
there was no chair first chicks though
it takes the one small part of the Bible
where it's like oh I guess like
government do whatever it wants and you
know and there's of course let's you
know give Caesar what is his and Senator
basically because the Christians were
non-stop getting slaughtered by the
governments of the time which were pagan
it was basically saying don't mess with
the government otherwise it'll kill you
exactly and so one last point that
apparently the so-called pastor Jeffress
never thought of you know who was killed
by the government Jesus Christ so the
local political leader in the area
murdered Jesus and now Jeffers his idea
is that's okay the government can do
things that appear to be terribly evil
because it's responding to evil and and
God ordained it to commit heinous acts
and that's what Christianity stands for
if you're in this camp man
you won your your monstrous and your
deeply immoral and if that's your vision
of Christianity you have done more to
malign Christianity than any
non-christian ever could help us build
independent media together come join us
TYT Network com /join
