so colin kaepernick obviously taking a
need during the national anthem has
caused huge problems from an NFL first
let me start by asking your thoughts on
that well it's it's a heavy social issue
in this country that that I think the
the conversation needed to be had and
needs to continue to be had I was one of
the players that kneeled in solidarity
with him for the simple fact that I felt
that the his why why he was protesting
was was a solid um we can get into the
cement is that if you want to but I feel
like Colin took a huge risk with his
this career with his identity and he
stood for something he believed in so to
me that's an admirable reason you and
then I fell for eight seasons and you
led the league in rushing so you know a
thing or two about football so listen
I'm just gonna have some football
question here should Colin Kapernick be
an NFL based on his skills experience
athleticism and what he's accomplished
so far my personal thing is that there's
there's no reason why he shouldn't have
at the very least a backup job he's I
think he's one of the better 32
quarterbacks to the NFL but like I said
there's so many variables that go into
it so there's no telling I would I would
venture to say that you know you hear
coaches all the time talked about
distractions don't be a distraction
don't be a distraction this would be
what they would call it a stretch I
always thought the district the
distraction thing was was BS because if
you just turn off the TV there's no such
thing as a distraction turn off the news
get off the internet there's no
distractions but they don't they don't
like negative press towards their
organization or what they like to call
the shield that is the NFL yeah I think
the idea of distraction is total
nonsense
you know you'll perfect professional can
you go out there and do your job or
can't you do your job what do you I mean
I can't imagine like an engineer coming
out and going well but I was distracted
by
because my fellow engineer believes
something slightly different yeah and
you know it to me it's fairly obvious is
colin kaepernick among the ninety-six
top quarterbacks in the league because
they the quarterbacks go three deep at
least on each team of course it is an
insane conversation we're having now
let's talk about your politics a little
bit because I read that you've supported
the Green Party and in the past and Ron
Paul in the past first of all is that
true that was a while ago yeah for sure
you know getting into politics is a bit
it's a bit uh it was a little
nerve-racking because you have people
who went to school for this right and
you have people who have studied this
study what is politics for you know
decades upon decades in and you're kind
of dipping your toe in the water like
what did I get myself into but I think
it's important for everybody to not be
scared to do that because a lot of times
you see you'll see the base with with
guys like you
you know Sam Harris so like whatever the
case may be you see guys that really are
what I like to call the intellectual
jump in rats and people like us who are
kind of just on the fringe and we where
we have we live our own lives I got I
went to school for football I didn't go
to school for politics I didn't go to
school for religion and so you do the
best that you can with the information
that's given to you and people have
passions for what they have passions for
my passion is in politics but I am what
I like to call a thinker and I like I
have an opinion so I'm not scared to
jump in the water per se but I am that's
why that's why I am so bipartisan
because I I'm humble enough to
understand that I don't know everything
and so I'm really just at a at a stage
in my life from just trying to soak up
as much as I can and learn I think
you've talked about the benefits of
smoking marijuana and yeah and the
league does not allow it they want you
to pop pills or at least popping pills
is sanctioned but marijuana isn't what
your thoughts are not well I think it's
another part of the NFL that will be
addressed here soon
that there are multiple chemicals that
they allow you to put in your body that
are far more harmful than marijuana and
one of them sponsors the NFL and gives
the millions of dollars in its alcohol
so so alcohol is is on all the banners
in the in the in the stadiums it's it's
sold at every at every concession stand
it causes more violence in the stands
then any kind of emotion you can muster
up but we're banning players for
marijuana just for the simple fact that
it's illegal just because you know it's
still a cannibal what is it was it the
category one drug yes this is that that
in itself tells you a lot and that's a
deeper conversation as well but I feel
like anytime you you you criminalize
kids for for for things like that while
in one hand and in the other hand you're
you're advocating alcohol use which is
far more detrimental to any human being
and then marijuana is I think you have a
problem on units when we talk about
health in the NFL we do have touched on
one more topic which is the CTE studies
and and recent one came out where a
hundred and ten out of a hundred and
eleven players were wound up having some
sort of damage to their to their brain
now it was self selected because they
those families sent those bodies in
after they'd passed away and so so it's
not necessarily representative of Walled
NFL but does that does that
significantly worried you having played
football for so long no I tend not to um
I tend not to worry about things too
much man if it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen and if it's not it's not so
worrying kind of just waste time right
so all I can do now is is enjoy the
freedoms that the craft of football gave
me and my family and educate myself as
much as I can on all the interesting
topics that I would love to delve into
and also make sure my kids don't play
football that's all I can do right now
okay so it doesn't bother me but what
does bother me
is that like we still let little kids
have a contact head a contact like a
little league or anything up to at least
high school I think is it's it's
pointless you know in my opinion it's
the the science is gonna is kind of
continue to get more and more clear on
the subject but I think that I wouldn't
be surprised if in 5200 years there's no
more NFL
