in America protesting a police murder
lands activists more jail time than the
murderer
protests continue in the wake of the
shooting and killing the 26 year old
black man in his own apartment by a
white Dallas police officer the officer
amber Geiger has been charged with
manslaughter after she entered both mm
Jones apartment less than two weeks ago
and opened fire killing him police
claimed the officer believed that his
apartment was hers
now the police found marijuana and
Botham Jones apartment typical bhavam
Jones death at the hands of the police
made him a criminal just like many black
men who were killed by the police before
him if you want to better understand our
broken two-tiered criminal justice
system look no further than the
treatment of amber Geiger who was
released an hour after killing Bob Jean
versus the nine peaceful protesters who
were arrested last night in Dallas and
still haven't been released this is the
double standard amber can kill her
neighbor with a service weapon and
change her story multiple times and
still get released for good behavior
until she's arrested three days later
while her cop buddies try and paint the
victim as a criminal for allegedly
possessing a decriminalized substance
that will soon be legal in every state
those peacefully protesting this
injustice they're thrown in jail for
longer than the murderer now understand
the priorities here for a second when a
cop murders an innocent black man in his
own home police work overtime to beef up
her defense and prove her innocence so
this was the plan food from the Dallas
PD investigators from the beginning is
to look for ways to incriminate the
person they just killed when people
protest this fact they're swiftly
arrested and don't get released
surprised well you shouldn't be this is
normal playbook from American policing
when they were accused of criminal
behavior themselves the first the first
step of cases is to criminalize the
victims this is exactly why no one was
shocked after an investigation found
that Baltimore police officers carry toy
guns around so that if they end up
killing someone they could just plant
one on the victim this is exactly why a
florida police chief can tell his
officers to just pin unsolved crimes on
random innocent black people
amber Geiger is already out on a three
hundred thousand dollar bond
free to move out of her apartment and
get a fair trial while I'm John on the
other hand is dead those were protesting
and justice are still in jail as I'm
writing this
if you can't see this double standard
you also probably can't understand how
george zimmerman is now going around
signing skittles wearing a confederate
flag t-shirt commemorating the death of
his victim trayvon martin another
innocent black teen slain for wearing a
hoodie just another story where an
innocent slain black teenager was
portrayed as a as a criminal postmortem
this is what happens when we criminalize
being black and we paint their murderers
as heroes even if a police officer walks
into someone else's apartment and kills
the resident in cold blood the cop still
has a chance of tasting freedom and
those who demand accountability get
locked away swiftly because they're a
nuisance I'm a psalm piker and if this
double-standard outrages you please
share this video with your friends and
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below also for a longer
conversation join me live on my twitch
at twitch.tv slash hassan obby and help
independent media by joining TYT
membership at TYT dot-com / join and
this has been the breakdown did you know
that DUID network is now available on
youtube's new streaming platform youtube
TV get access to full TYT episodes and
exclusive shows by signing up for
youtube TV today all new subscribers get
a 7 day free trial so head on over to
youtube TV and search for the TYT
Network channel
