president Donald Trump loves to blame
quote radical Islamic terrorists as
being a threat to the LGBTQ community
but is that really the case
some recent findings from the Pew
Research Center have found that Muslims
have become much more accepting of gay
and lesbian people in the last 10 years
in other faith groups so if you check
this out u.s. Muslims are at 52%
acceptance in 2017 that's a gain of 25
percent and that is significantly higher
when you look lower on this chart we
have under millennial genetics baby
boomer Protestant it's also at 52 at a
change of 13 white evangelical is way
low at 34 percent acceptance though that
is up 11 points and then we have a white
mainline at 76 percent black Protestant
at 50 percent so lots of good news bad
news in here so first piece of good news
is that LGBT Americans are getting
accepted by all groups more in the last
10 years that's not much of an increase
for white evangelicals acceptance of
gays but we're making progress at 11
percent so let's just compare the two
groups because I hear that Muslims are
incredibly scary so it turns out white
Protestants say that only 34 percent of
them say that homosexuality should be
accepted whereas 52 percent of Muslims
dude that's a big difference so Muslims
in America accept LGBT members of our
community much more so than white
Protestants do so now of course there
can be us first of all it's American
Muslims and so it's not worldwide
Muslims so that people that are raging
about the study saying no but do you
know what happens in the middle of Raqqa
Syria yeah no I we know what happens and
so but on the other hand when Trump
demagogues about what's going to happen
in America well this is very relevant
because these are the Muslims that are
here and and so and then one more thing
it doesn't necessarily mean that white
evangelicals are going
be more violent towards LGBT members
although if you don't accept them it
does often correlate with violence not
every one of them not remotely right but
higher percentages based on whether you
accept or don't accept them but it is
possible that of course there's that
cases like the pulse shooting in Orlando
where it was horrific violence in it and
it was a Muslim who did it so just
giving you the full context for the
story but what would be great is if all
Americans accepted all Americans
including gay marriage that's right and
and so whenever we have discussions
about accepting refugees or immigration
into the United States the question that
keeps getting brought up over and over
again by some on the right is you know
should we pressure them to assimilate
should we pressure them to accept
American values and you know my response
to that is usually how do you define
American values right because
conservatives will think their values
are American values progressives will
think their values are American values
but you can't look at polls to see how
Americans feel about specific issues and
one of those specific issues is gang
tolerance and so we know the majority of
Americans are in favor of gay rights and
you know there we've made great strides
when it comes to tolerance for the LGBT
community but how come when we have that
discussion it's always about Mexicans or
Muslims or refugees it's never about
evangelicals are evangelicals pressure
to conform to American values or what
the majority of Americans think how can
we never have that conversation usually
answer yeah white yeah yeah okay so
let's let's talk about two different
angles to that one is because there was
also complain oh we're losing the
cultural wars these liberals are taking
over the culture well okay if that's
true and a majority of America believes
in liberal culture according to your own
logic not our logic your logic you
should conform
why aren't you simulating to the
majority mainstream culture in America
which is a liberal one okay hey and
second of all you can't complain the
Muslims and other groups are not
assimilating to the idea of openness
tolerance freedom liberty inequality for
all if you're not doing it yourself so
it turns out
according to this study white
Protestants and all it does is pull them
it asks them and they they're the ones
who say no I don't think gays should be
equal
I don't accept them right so according
so the number one problem we have
according based on religious background
is that white Protestants won't conform
to American values why won't you guys
assimilate why do you stay in the middle
of the country in your little caves and
spew fear and hatred look I'm using your
logic okay in fact I don't know if we
should keep you in the country because I
hear that people who don't assimilate
are dangerous and should not be allowed
and and you don't believe in equality
for all so that's a giant problem that
makes you kind of on America right and
so look that rhetoric is obviously
problematic when it's directed toward
the evangelical community but I think
it's an issue that they're unable to you
know see how problematic their language
is when they they force it upon other
communities or other groups of people
that they just happen to not like so in
fact let's go to that and that's why of
course I say that when you when it's an
extreme statement against Moslems
everybody takes it like oh that's
totally normal you make the same
statement about evangelicals Oh
based on what no you're the one who's
not conforming anyway so the reason I
bring that up is the different Pew
survey found that 50% of white
evangelicals think there is a great deal
or fair amount of people who support
extremism for Muslims in the US now it
turns out there's a great deal or a fair
amount of white Protestants who support
extremism and I would argue that saying
that gay people shouldn't have the same
rights as every other American is an
extreme position most of the country
doesn't agree with you and it is exactly
the opposite of American principles and
more than half a white Protestants see
Islam is a religion that encourages
violence so they're willing to
discriminate so if you discriminate a
bout them they will lose it but doing
stereotypes about other people they're
like oh that's even though it's wrong
they feel is completely fine and
commonplace by the way which religion is
actually more violent this is never
going to solve as to who has committed
more violence in history that's a long
and arduous debate that I think
actually pointless it's almost certainly
Christians with the Holocaust let alone
first of all on Holocaust alone let
alone all the other atrocities that have
happened but I'm telling you that's a
stupid pointless exercise so but they'll
say no no no there's a couple of bums
recently so I'm gonna discount the tens
of millions of people murdered in all
the wars and Holocaust and everything
else that's ever happened okay anyway
but which religion is more intrinsically
violent well you can go to the text and
software engineer Tom Anderson recently
did do that last year and he just did a
fun little experiment fun where he
analyzed analyzed the words in the Bible
and the Koran the New Testament in the
Old Testament well nobody's well some
people might be surprised but the Old
Testament is was the most violent by far
and even in my discussion with sam
Harris he acknowledges there's no
question the whole Testament is the most
violent of all the religious texts now
that doesn't mean the people who follow
the Old Testament are the most violent
that would be kind of the kind of stupid
assumptions that right-wingers make
about certain religions right but in
terms of which one is inherently more
violent well it turns out now the New
Testaments much better you know what's
better than the New Testament the Quran
so the Quran of those three texts is the
least has the least violent passages the
New Testament is second and the Old
Testament is by far the worst now that
doesn't mean people who believe in the
New Testament are bad people or Old
Testament we're not as stupid as those
other people it just means the texts are
pretty violent overall and and and the
Old Testament is the most violent but
that does not impune the motivations and
the actions of the people who call
themselves Jews or Christians or Muslims
I wish that others could be as rational
in understanding that and if you're
gonna say one text is more violent you
should actually be correct about that
and so if you're gonna go on a warpath
against the Old Testament and New
Testament okay at least you're more
accurate about the text but don't make
assumptions about the people help
spill to independent media together come
join us TYT Network comm / join
