Donald Trump and Paul Ryan have been
vocal supporters of the idea of building
a Foxconn plant in the state of
Wisconsin in order to bolster jobs and
really get the state economy going it's
going to be a great success or it won't
because recently nonpartisan budget
analysis at the Capitol said that this
is not going to be the case in fact
they're not even going to break even
the plant will cost ten billion dollars
and have 13,000 employees so Wisconsin
will not break even on this investment
that they're making until 2043 at the
earliest and if only 10% of the 13,000
workers come from out of state that will
push that back two more years to 2045 at
the earliest projection now these
projections are speculative because it's
hard to know where the market will be
where Foxconn standing will be in the
future or even the very near near future
but it does look like according to this
analysis that it will not be as
profitable as the governor and the
president and the speaker have so part
of the reason why it might not be as
profitable as it's being portrayed by
those on the right is because this
multinational corporation is getting you
know a ton of tax benefits they're
getting about three billion dollars in
taxpayer money just to open this plant
in Wisconsin and so it's just you know
we're gonna pay you with our taxpayer
money to come and build jobs in our
state which sounds like okay well if
that's what it takes to build companies
in these states and create more jobs
awesome except when you do an analysis
you find out okay well I mean taxpayers
aren't even gonna break even until you
know 2045 possibly and so there are
people living in Wisconsin right now
they're looking at these numbers and
they're questioning whether or not this
is even a good idea especially because
it's not just the financial component of
it
there are also some concessions that
lawmakers in Wisconsin have made in
regard to environmental regulations so
they wouldn't have to take out the same
permits that other factories are up
other companies have had to take out in
the past so I mean
I think that it's it's important to do
an analysis I think it's also important
to bring jobs into the country but we
got to do it a smart way and if we set
this precedent where we pay these
massive corporations to bring jobs here
well then every Corporations gonna want
the same thing well it's also a
Taiwanese corporation it's not an
American corporation you may also
remember Foxconn and the controversies
they've had in the past with their
factory workers so we do have a chart on
Wisconsin's payments to Foxconn in order
to make this happen it'd only be 2
million dollars in the upcoming future
but then it will balloon by several
hundreds of millions after that after
seeing the numbers representative David
Crowley said there's no way I can
currently support this I don't see the
like the end of the tunnel when you talk
about what we're giving Foxconn this is
a lot of money that technically my
grandkids might be paying toward so now
let me give more context there is
nothing that says that the plant can't
leave so they can take all of the tax
advantages and then go see you wouldn't
want to be you and it why need to Anna's
point about the environmental regulation
why do you need to make exceptions for
polluting the rivers for Foxconn unless
they're planning to pollute the rivers
so that's worrisome and real quick I do
want to jump in on that because you know
we did an original story on that or we
did the original story on that and then
I looked into the wording of the actual
proposal and it essentially indicates
that they wouldn't have to take the
permits that other corporations have to
take out when it comes to disposing like
mud dredge into these rivers however the
big issue in my opinion is the fact that
they'll also be able to connect man-made
bodies of water to natural bodies of
water without getting a permit and so
these are there's there's a reason why
those regulations are in place and the
fact that they're gonna be able to do
this without getting the necessary
permits is what concerns me Dave
Shroeder did a really good piece on that
both for IB Times and on TYT politics
you should check that out and then but
like the overall idea is the one that
bothers me the most
companies win first and foremost so they
get the exemptions on the on the
regulations on their Drudge and all that
they get giant tax breaks yes they hire
some people but those people you know we
don't get the the benefits of that all
the way until 2040 320 45 they stood tax
benefits of it so it's it's not just
Republican 101 which it most certainly
is but its elite 101 which is make sure
you take care of corporations first and
then hope that it trickles down to you
and so I when people look at this and go
well I'm not sure that I it's the right
idea to just trust corporations you see
what I'm saying like so we make this
deal where they get all the goodies
first and then but their corporation
they have no loyalty to America or even
a Taiwan or anything else all they want
is to maximize profits so the minute
that that deal turns disadvantageous to
them well I already got your money and
they're gonna go exactly so it basically
the state of Wisconsin will have to
continue paying them in taxpayer money
year after year just to keep that
factory there and now some residents in
the state are realizing mm maybe that's
not such a good idea yeah I mean I mean
these projections are only based on if
they follow it exactly yeah and even
then that's that's so that's 25 years
that's ridiculous and then it's just
like well this is best-case scenario it
won't be or it wouldn't be the scenario
that actually would pander out probably
oh yeah that's a great point by Q which
is things don't work out and so look we
all want jobs I also don't want to race
to the bottom where every state says oh
yeah F Oxana I'll give you a four
billion dollar tax break and then you
don't have to you know it won't pay out
for Mississippi until 2065 so there's
got to be a smart way to keep jobs and
add jobs without giving huge tax
giveaways to these folks and remember
look what our problems always complain
about that's my money that's my money
well they're taking your money and give
it to this giant foreign corporation in
the hopes that they stick around long
for those jobs to be meaningful I'm not
sure that's a good bargain watch the
young turks commercial-free downloaded
or stream it watch it anyway you like at
TYT Network comm slash join
