following the Senate's failed attempt to
repeal and replace the Affordable Care
Act Mitch McConnell made some pretty
strong statements in regard to Donald
Trump's expectations in fact he seems to
be complaining a little bit about how
Donald Trump a doesn't seem to have the
experience to know how this process
works and be has expectations that are a
little ridiculous if you don't believe
me take a look at what Mitch McConnell
had to say and you'll kind of get a
sense of how frustrated he is part of
the reason I think that the store line
is that we haven't done much is because
in part the President and others have
set these early timelines about things
need to be done by a certain point our
new president of course not been in this
line of work before and I think had
excessive expectations about how quickly
things happen in the democratic process
that was things that's gonna leave a
mark
yeah so now look in the scope of all the
things that Trump has done and insults
that he's hurled this is Shou Shou this
is tiny
right he had excessive expectations
right I mean now they're about to go
nuclear on with Trump and the other guys
but to be fair the Trump guys it's clear
what he's saying he's saying the
president's kind of an idiot and he
doesn't he's naive doesn't know how the
political process works which is
absolutely true Trump has no idea how
the political process works in the years
ago okay so you're right and he's right
Trump doesn't have experience he doesn't
understand how the political process
works however I will also say this it is
true that you know Republicans in
Congress have been beating the drums in
regard to repealing and replacing
Obamacare for seven years straight right
and they just talk the talk but didn't
know how to do the walk because they it
pretend as if it's an easy process
they've been ignoring their constituents
they've been ignoring what the American
people want they've been ignoring the
polls that indicate that hey once you
refer to this health care policy as the
Affordable Care Act
you take specific parts of it and pull
Americans on it they love it they don't
want to get rid of it including
Republicans right they've ignored all
that information that data because all
they want to do is pander to the right
wing and they want to make it seem as
though you know they're there these
tough guys that are looking out for the
best interests of the right wing even
when there are members of the right wing
who kind of secretly love the Affordable
Care Act or at least components of it
okay so can I just say one more detail
on that before we turn there to the mag
our age and both sides are you're right
Anna our right and wrong in different
parts okay but the thing that becomes
most right about yes he says look he
explained in the in the whole context of
that speech the votes aren't there so
look we had the vote and and we rushed
it and and it turns out we didn't have
enough votes which I was afraid of but
Trump said have the vote not House vote
now all that is true and then Trump says
well okay but why don't you just not
have the filibuster okay well it
wouldn't have mattered because you
didn't even have 50 votes you lost the
boat it didn't have anything to do with
the filibuster yeah and even if you want
to get rid of the filibuster okay
he's like we don't have the votes for
that I don't have enough Republican
senators who are willing to kill the
filibuster so I don't know what you want
me to do about that the votes aren't
there you want me to have another vote
and all of us get embarrassed again
right okay we get embarrass again but
here's another thing McConnell enabled
Trump right supported Trump enabled him
so oh no you're upset because you're
getting some criticism from those on the
right okay will you enable this type of
videos right so go ahead and take it
because that's what the reality of the
situation is and again the reason why
they were unable to pass a replacement
plan for the Affordable Care Act is
because the constituents held their feet
to the fire and you know we know that
some of these lawmakers even though they
identify as Republican refused to vote
for it because they knew that they would
get voted out of office if they took
this health coverage health care
coverage away from their constituents
the thing they're most wrong about to
Anna's point is both Trump and Mitch
McConnell were trying to pass a bill
that had a seventeen percent approval
rate exactly if people hated it
so Anna Nana's right you you created
this monster you enabled Frankenstein so
just
take it take it Mitch watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like at
TYT Network calm /join
