9ho testers were arrested yesterday
while peacefully participating in a
protest about the deaths of OSHA Terry
and Vulcan his own okay so let me get
this one straight nine peaceful
protesters were arrested and detained
for more than 15 hours for protesting
the unjust killing of both young they
can afford bail alternatives more
present but yet they're still held
meanwhile amble guy-girl the officer
these protesters were protesting was
held for an hour protesting and allowed
to go home on bail after murdering both
of John so not only are peaceful
nonviolent protesters taking a knee
vilified in this country and their
message distorted but now they are
subject to Harshal treatment by the
justice system then someone walking into
a black man's apartment and killing him
they should have been given a citation
and being allowed to go along their way
yesterday protesters continued to voice
their outrage over the death of both of
John and the attempted smearing of his
character by the Dallas PD some
protesters carried empty coffins to the
cowboy Stadium to voice out the stain
over the recent events all of those
protestors nine were arrested for
shutting down highway on Sunday night
now according to the criminal justice
system they should have been charged
with a Class C misdemeanor which is
citations basically and released but 15
hours later they remain behind bars no
bond has been set
meanwhile the woman who actually
murdered both of John was processed in
and out of jail in under an hour
is there such a thing as white privilege
if not that I'm sure it is now but this
is so symbolic of the way the injustice
is against the black community are still
perceived in this country where a
protest against it is twisted and
manipulated to make it appear as a
protest against the military one of
those who take to the streets to
vocalize their outrage are vilified
disparage and now arrested subject to
hostile treatment then someone accused
of committing homicide not to forget the
fact that the victims character himself
has been scrutinized as a means to
deflect blame from said suspect who had
he even had her apartment investigated
yet from the incident itself to the
investigation and now the arrest of
those protesting this injustice each
stage of this exemplifies to the highest
degree they continued and despicable
disregard for black lives by the justice
system and many in the media but not
here I will continue to highlight it
every single stage the failures of this
justice system adjust the system that
comes down harder on a peaceful protest
then it does suspected murderers for
more follow me on instagram at Francis M
Maxwell come over there interact with me
and also if you want to become a member
to 1800 calm
want to see more videos like this then
subscribe to the T YT channel below and
don't forget to become a t YT member get
access for as little as $4.99 a month
download the T YT plus app on your phone
or Harald OTT y-t-dot-com slash join
today
