some of you might have already heard
this and others are gonna be hearing it
for the first time we are in fact owned
by Qatar no we're not
I love the conspiracy theories that
people put out there Oh
Qatar owes you or Al Gore or Soros or
Subhan none of that is remotely true
it's never been true it's but nothing
but lies so now we have wonderful news
for the company we actually did get an
investment that was announced yesterday
it's 20 million dollars which to us is a
lot of money and to you guys I'm sure is
a lot of money for a traditional media
company
they're probably snickering or how could
you ever get anything done with the
warning really just twenty million
dollars that is what they pay some of
their anchors every year so but wait
till they get a load of us with twenty
million dollars when we've never had
anywhere near that kind of money I
believe that we can do amazing things
and yes
amazing things together as we always
have for these last 15 years so so
natural question people ask is about the
investors so what do they want to do and
what are their motivations
so do they want to change TYT does this
mean that we take the money and that's
it we're in the Bahamas
well we're slumming here so I guess not
and I don't think that's really have an
investment works or they come in and
they change things no guys they put the
money in because they like what we're
doing see that's how it works you put
money into Nike if you say hey those are
good sneakers and it's doing really well
you don't put money in to change
something because that doesn't make any
sense you're probably gonna lose your
money or you don't know how it's going
to go if you change it so they put the
money in because they think you guys are
gigantic which you are so we started
this with almost no money at all and we
slowly over 15 years built this thing
and yes now it's ranked number one in
online news and that is why we are
besieged by the right wing a tiny
fraction of the left wing and certainly
the establishment but through all that
what the investors see is oh my god how
the hell did they get to be number one
with that little money you know how we
did because
we apparently have a message that you
guys like and they said that's it that's
what we want it back so it would defeat
the entire point if we changed and then
they would lose all their money not a
good strategy if you're an investor so
and now of course there's been a number
of absurd things that were put out there
immediately as soon as it was announced
my favorite is the one that was raised
in the debate recently and now or both
the right and the left but not left
winging an establishment mainly the
establishment Democrats are using it
well you know if you're yes money in
politics then why are you in favor of
money and companies what that doesn't
make any sense we're not a political
party when I'm not running in 2020 TYT
is not running in 2018 there is no such
thing you can't run a company we don't
think companies are people now you can't
run a company without money we have
about a hundred people that work here
they're both if full-time employees and
contractors so that's wonderful and we
built that up you know through a lot of
the stuff that you guys did including
membership including the the fundraising
drive that we did recently that helped
us to hire twelve people dedicated to
reporting and doing investigations and
finding out the truth for you guys and
things that we think we're not being
covered okay so now but money in
politics is a completely different issue
that's why it's a weird thing to answer
okay here let me put it this way if
you're a company exists are we against
it of course not we're a company if a
company goes to buy a politician are we
opposed to that yes it's not that
complicated company should be allowed to
do certain things like run a business
they should not be allowed to do other
things like invest in politicians and
say oh no no I'm doing this have a
goodness of my heart
but obviously they're doing that for a
profit motive so you know some people
say oh yeah do you want to get your own
money out of politics so as TYT you
wouldn't contribute to politicians yes
of course I want to get the corporate
money out I want to get the Union money
out I want to get all the money out of
politics so we can have clean
elections so it's it's a talking point
thrown out there they're purposely
confuse you so don't believe the hype
speaking of things meant to confuse you
oh you guys originally got a loan from
the roamers they're Republicans so you
guys are obviously Republicans chills
you guys got a loan from people who
backed Democrats so you're obviously
democratic shields so which one is it
make up your mind well you guys are way
too liberal because you support Bernie
Sanders and obviously you're some of
your investors have donated to
politicians so hence you guys are too
establishment which one is it okay you
know how you can tell which what it is
you then watch the show and you will see
that we are no allies of the Democratic
Party that is why they are pretty much
furious at us the Democratic Party
establishment folks we're certainly not
allies of the Republican Party what we
try to do and why again people invest in
us and it's actually fantastic news
because we get to grow the the show and
the network in a ways that I'm gonna
describe now is that we are our whole
thesis is audience first don't sell out
for access don't sell out for any of
those issues and you know why it worked
because that's logical serve your
audience first gee I wonder why we
became popular so now people going hey
yeah that makes sense it's the right way
to go and so we're super happy to take
this so what are we gonna spend it on
you guys no way this happened yesterday
our website was slow and there's some of
you guys joked around there like you
know you might want to put someone at 20
million into the website exactly that's
what we're gonna do hey right now we
don't have our own app that's criminal
so we're gonna fix that we're gonna get
you guys I hope the best app there is
we're gonna try our hardest to do that
and we're able to hire more people to do
that look I've got ideas on
documentaries for that involve you guys
the members of The Young Turks and so
let alone documentaries on Justice
Democrats our revolution anyone fighting
back against the the powerful in in this
rigged
them and when I say rate I just mean
it's very clear that money in politics
is an enormous issue and it's affecting
everything else and we got to got to get
it out so Wolfpack as well follow those
guys fight their follow their fight and
help on that form and then you just all
this mundane stuff like data and because
you need to know how to access data to
be able to get into a wider audience so
I don't want to bore you with all the
business details of how this works but
we're going to about double the size of
the company that means we're gonna have
a lot more shows we're gonna be able to
spread our message out further this is
all amazing news now I do want to get to
one question that I think is fair so and
some of our members have asked this so
the money in politics is a absurd
example but they say are you going to be
overly influenced by the wishes of your
financial backers okay that's a fair
question well so number one we already
have the money so and it's so in
explaining how that works I I don't mean
to rub it in or anything like that I'm
just saying that they it's not in
increments so there are no strings
attached
so what sometimes what people do is they
say okay I'll give you a little bit and
then if you do the right things I'll
give you a little bit later a tiny bit
more and then on and on and on it goes
and that's why for example just
Democrats they are involved in politics
they don't take money from big donors
because they don't want to be strung
along because what a lot of times what
political donors do is if you're good to
me I give you more donations next year
right so we don't believe in that
concept and and this was all at once
some people think saw that one of the
investors is on our board and panic that
it's on our editorial board no no no no
first of all we don't have an editorial
we decided what's in the show every day
with me and John irena jr. we have a
managing editor John Morrison we have
had a programming mad at CD the
investors have nothing to do with the
Abbott oriole side at all I we retained
full editorial control why this is why
this is an amazing a wonderful deal and
by
we turn down a lot of money earlier
because we insisted on editorial control
now so I think we went through a lot of
pain and sacrifice to get the right deal
with the right partner so I'm actually
thrilled about it and like I said they
gave it to us based on our success so
that is not so to go away from what I
are what we're doing would destroy their
investments so and they are perfectly
aware of that and guys the most
important thing of all is that the proof
is always in the pudding so we've been
around for 15 years and how do we get
this big well because we proved it over
and over again that we mean what we say
and if we didn't and if you were like a
fake news outlet and there was all these
fake news outlets during elections
they're gone because you kid you know I
know someone the right do practice
deception for a fairly long period of
time but all the fake news outlets were
immediately wiped away
you have to earn people's trust and I
think and I hope that we've been doing
that for 15 years for you guys and but
every single day we got to earn it again
so judge us on our product on our videos
on what we say the message that we put
out there and the and how we fight for
you and if you think we're not fighting
for you then get rid of us and go find
someone else who will
and by the way we of course are not for
everybody and I understand that
but if you've been with us this whole
time and you should be thrilled at
what's happened here because you know
what we're gonna do now we're gonna go
on the offense so if they think that we
were tough on the establishment before
wait till you get a load of us now and
name might still snicker and say Oh 20
millions huge for you guys but not much
for us and that money for us is worth
all the money in the world because we're
used to having nothing so if they
thought we were challenging their power
before what now what now so and there's
only one way to find out you stay right
here and and if you interview sense that
we're not doing the right things have at
it Hoss but we will prove ourselves day
in and day
and for those of you who love the show
support the show and watch the show
basically with this are in our arsenal
now we have dragons so watch out so
every day it is my job and all of our
job here to make sure that we fight for
you and that's what exactly what we plan
to do with these dragons thank you for
supporting us guys Oh only going to be
stronger going forward do you like to
you always to strong support independent
media
come join us the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
