let's start with a topic that makes
sense which is what is jank really good
at that that was what we're talking
about before you came here really what
an unbelievable - a short conversation
yeah so I you know I realize those are
this tool schools you know what I am
best at I don't mean like I'm the best
at it I mean this is the thing that I do
the best if we understood
well sometimes a struggle with English
language so I know what you're thinking
Jake it must be talking no no it's
actually not then you're thinking it
must be thinking worse at thinking that
things were I think that what's the
weirdest amount of time anyone has ever
watched old school because it's just
been people the new record uh and then I
then you obviously went to poetry next
sure it's got I tried talking thinking
across sleeping may be pretty good but I
I realize what it was the other day and
it makes perfect sense because this is
what I set out to do uh it is the thing
that I am best at is an enjoyer of life
oh that's one of you I do I have drawn
to be what I can't believe is that is
that that answer let me down and the bar
what were you doing where you're like
you know what I'm so good at this
yeah I'm not and what everything you
were doing at the time was it the thing
you realize you were good at it was how
much you were enjoying it
