Donald Trump has just announced that he
will impose more tariffs on China for
their escalating the trade war that we
have already engaged in the details
indicate that Trump will impose 10%
tariffs on 200 billion dollars worth of
Chinese imports and then those duties
are set to rise to 25 percent by the end
of the year also keep in mind that China
has already stated that they plan on
retaliated against these tariffs and
Trump has no intention of backing down
things will continue to escalate by the
way the White House has decided to take
some items off a list of affected goods
now there are 300 goods that were
previously proposed on their tariffs
list and they've taken them off probably
because they realized that consumers
here in the United States would really
be hurt if they were included on the
list it includes products like bicycle
helmets high chairs smartwatches and
some chemicals finally Trump said that
if China takes retaliatory action
against our farmers and other industries
we will immediately pursue phase 3 which
is tariffs on approximately 267 billion
dollars of additional imports and he
also tweeted that tariffs this is all a
lie and we'll talk about in a minute he
says tariffs have put the u.s. in a very
strong bargaining position with billions
of dollars in jobs flowing into our
country and yet these increases have
thus far been almost unnoticeable if
countries will not make their fair deals
with us they will be tariffed and
tariffs days in quotation marks I don't
know why and catalyst for guys okay you
will be tariffed
oh that plays well on TV you're not on
TV you're the president take the job
seriously okay so this is imminent
disaster he's so proud of his beloved
stock market now most of those gains go
to the people at the very top we've
talked about this as you all know a lot
wages for the average American has gone
down when you take inflation into into
account so the one thing he's got to
hang his hat on is how well the stock
market story
you keep prodding this bear and and
you'll get a bear market okay
and so at what point does this scare the
bejesus out of people and create
instability in the markets because now
he's talking about to Phase three two
hundred sixty seven billion dollars in
tariffs and he thinks that this
tough-guy act is gonna get China to roll
over that's not how they operate and
they're in a much better situation than
we are and they hold a lot of our debt -
is it so they have leverage in in many
different facets you think Donald Trump
understands that complexity now be
honest even if you're a Magra guy do you
think Donald Trump understands that
complexity there's no way he does do you
think he understands the consequences of
his actions of course not we've
discussed it a million times
almost every White House administration
official who has ever talked to the
press has said the man does not
understand the consequences of his
actions be careful so he thinks you're
bullied em around he the first time he
did the tariffs he didn't even realize
that they were gonna be we were gonna
get tariffs back and so and and even if
he understood that that was a
possibility he was genuinely shocked
according to his own description of the
event that they went after our farmers
oh of course they're gonna go after the
farmers because they know that will hurt
politically because generally America is
obsessed with farmers in their political
dialect that begin with secondarily
Chinese know that those are mainly your
voters in the middle of the country Oh
any sophisticated person would have
known that we're gonna go after the
farmers first but Trump as usual like
when he said nobody knew health care was
this complicated came out said I can't
believe they went after the farmers that
seems like a political thing so are they
gonna straight back this time yes
bet your bottom dollar on it and we
might have to you know I'm look I I
don't wish for this to happen because a
lot of people would suffer as a result
of that but you're right in in saying
that Trump keeps boasting about his
economy stock markets are at record
highs the unemployment rate is low even
though the majority of those jobs are
horrible and wages remain stag
but every time he mentions more tariffs
the stock markets suffer right that's
like the all of a sudden you'll see you
know the SNP all of the measures of the
stock market going down and so all right
you want to play this game I mean he's
so insanely ignorant and oblivious to
how disastrous this policy is that he's
gonna keep pushing through and as he
keeps doing that it will destroy the
economy inflation is already out of
control which is why the Federal Reserve
is thinking about raising interest rates
even further to account for inflation
and kind of lower it a little bit this
is going to increase inflation
especially if all these goods that we
rely on China for are now being heavily
taxed those prices will then be of
course transferred on to us the
consumers this is gonna hurt him
politically this is the one thing that
even Republicans who rally in support of
Trump time and time again so one thing
that they do not support and they're
openly critical of so yeah what one last
thing on it
look there are parts of Trump's trade
policy that I agree with for example he
chose not to do the TPP trans-pacific
partnership I agree with that so if you
were going to say hey look let's read
look at NAFTA let's not do TPP I'm
concerned about sovereignty I'm
concerned about who's writing these
deals and here is my counter proposal
and here's what I at the direction I
think we should go in and here would be
the consequences that would flow from
that that I think would be net positive
then we would be having an interesting
intelligent conversation that is not the
conversation we're having with Donald J
Trump he hid the conversation is me get
China again you'll get tariffed right
that guy you think he's thought through
steps B C and B ain't no way he's
thought that through so when those
consequences hit us no one is going to
be surprised
except Donald Trump so that's why I'm
telling you these are not smart policies
they are not well thought out this is
not part of the trade policy that any
progressor should be happy with there's
no need for a trade war done in on these
terms in this way and in this fashion
without any forethought put into it and
so brace for impact
no I didn't know she knew that tariffs
could be this complicated I'm telling
you man he's playing with fire when it
comes to the markets and this orange
kid's gonna get burned at some point but
then unfortunately we all get burned on
the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
