great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution Donald Trump is using taxpayer
money to employ staffers who only have
one real responsibility to gather
positive news about him and then fetch
him that information all right
so recent reports indicate that there is
a White House director of rapid response
his name is Andy hemming and he is paid
eighty nine thousand dollars a year just
to look for good stories about Donald
Trump and then make sure it gets
delivered to the president who has the
thinnest skin of anyone on the planet
literally the top special snowflake in
this country so I got a pause there
because animates such a great point
there think about how you have to be the
snowflake of snowflakes to please huh my
feelings are hurt all the time by cable
news please somebody fetch me good news
oh my god I'm so special and entender I
know I don't want my feelings to be hurt
please somebody or get somebody pay
someone eighty nine thousand dollars a
year just to fetch me good news about
myself that is insane I would be so
incredibly embarrassed if the thought
even crossed my mind the fact that the
most powerful person in the in the world
is is asking for this that who demands
this I mean look regardless of what your
political ideology is you have to admit
that this is pretty pathetic let me give
you more information
okay so news that he spends his day
scouring radio television and the web
for stories that celebrate the Trump
agenda came to came from Trump's own
allies so this is information that was
given by Trump's own allies Jason Miller
is one of those allies he says it's an
important role there's so much good news
that's coming out of this administration
that we have to continue pushing all of
these positive messages ourselves to
remind people there's a lot going on no
hold on that's this a couple things
there that are great number one Jesus
Miller very connected the administration
obviously is it was part of a huge part
of Donald Trump's campaign so they're
not denying they admit that there is
someone paid just to fetch good news for
Donald Trump
number two remember if they want to do
and I said even about Trump TV you want
to do your own propaganda and you let's
not call it propaganda you are doing
marketing for yourself no problem but
this is not going to the outside world
this is going to the commander and
snowflake okay it goes just the Trump
it's not for marketing purposes it's
just to make him feel better
he's like oh goodie goodie some people
like me oh they're so sad no it gets
better though it's so much better okay
so vice spoke to three former White
House staffers I'm guessing these are
individuals who might have gotten fired
but we don't know they didn't disclose
their information and then one current
White House staffer and here is some
more information that we know about
Donald Trump and his demands for
positive news coverage delivered to him
so apparently he gets a folder full of
positive news about himself twice a day
one at 9:30 in the morning and then
another at 4:30 in the morning the
folders are filled with no it just just
pay attention please you're gonna love
this so the folders are filled with
screenshots of possible as possible
positive cable news Chiron's
okay admiring tweets transcripts of
funny TV interviews praise filled news
stories and sometimes sometimes just
pictures of Trump on TV looking powerful
oh oh yeah oh my god
okay so under these packets you know how
normally he needs tweet size information
we just did a story yesterday about when
briefing on Afghanistan they have to
keep it
a page because he can't concentrate
these packets are 20 to 25 pages yeah
twice a day when it's about him he's
like look at that picture of me I look
so good oh that's the saddest thing I've
ever heard
oh my god if somebody here at TYT said
shank my German you're gonna have to pay
me eighty nine thousand dollars for this
instead of your folder of you looking
good and positive tweets about you and
you your pictures while you look
commanding of course I would one who
which person who doesn't have the most
fragile ego you've ever heard the most
the biggest snowflake in American
history would wouldn't be disgusted by
that look we know that Trump is the way
he is and and he fires off at anyone who
criticizes him or has anything negative
to say fires off on Twitter on a regular
basis but for me I think it's
fascinating and I guess unsurprising uh
that people are willing to take that job
right I get it
$89,000 he here is a lot of money a lot
of money but how do you live with
yourself
like how do you look at yourself in the
mirror when you wake up in the morning
and say yeah I succeeded I'm doing
something with my life like you are
stroking the ego of the largest
snowflake
in existence right and and I don't know
how you live with yourself but anyway
there's more information in regard to
what's going on it's amazing
so another component is the one and only
note that the communications department
in the White House got in regard to
these folders apparently the only note
was it needs to be more fucking positive
ok there's every player of the story's
fantastic
Sarah Huckabee Sanders talking about the
guy that prepares the folder says Annie
does an incredible job of finding those
hidden gems in other words there's
almost no positive news he's gonna find
hidden gems because there isn't any
positive news to report and they know it
that's the White House press secretary
then they you know there's one person
who's more pathetic or to it in the past
it's Reince Priebus and Sean Spicer they
apparently used to compete to deliver
the folder to Trump because they know
that Trump is a man-child and that
whoever
some positive news he's like oh okay Oh
Shawn gave me the folder oh I like Shawn
more now I like Shawn more Oh No
so this this former are not former this
current White House staffer is the one
who made this statement he says Priebus
and Spicer weren't in a good position
and they wanted to show that they could
provide positive coverage it was
self-preservation how'd that work out
for you yeah and it didn't work either
anyway right because they were in a
competition that kisses ass to get to
hand him the folder internally a White
House / somebody works the White House
says it was called the propaganda
document they know it they're not
denying it Miller's not denying it
Sanders isn't then you go to Sean Spicer
and they said hey Sean Mary there's this
story he says while I won't comment on
materials we share with the president
this is not accurate on several levels
in other words it exists I won't comment
on it if it didn't exist he'd be like
that's an outrageous fake news story
right this is no we never gave him
document the document the propaganda
document he says while I won't comment
on it in other words that exists it's
inaccurate on several levels not all
levels okay in other words that most of
the story is true incredible to me that
Spicer doesn't go Django Unchained right
the game might be but they might be any
so you think that they might be the
leakers Oh totally that's why I said
when he fired
Reince Priebus he in a lot of ways made
a terrible mistake
Reince Priebus has all this dirt saved
up from seven months and he doesn't mind
leaking at all so he's so spicier
Priebus are sitting out there let alone
now close to a dozen people who've been
shaved by Donald Trump after they gave
him loyalty now like oh that's a shame
maybe I should call Politico maybe I
should call the New York Times maybe I
should call this guy and that guy you're
probably right obviously we're
speculating as to whether or not they're
the leakers but I just I would go the
more Savage route and instead of leaking
I would come out and be like guess what
I worked for Donald Trump here's what
goes on oh I would look I don't agree
with Sean Spicer or Reince Priebus on a
plethora of issues and I can't even say
that I like
people but I would certainly have much
more respect for them if they came out
stop defending him publicly and then
maybe secretly stabbing him in the back
just publicly came out and said yeah
he's a man-child I made a horrible
mistake I know but they're sleazy
politicians they work in politics
they're not gonna do that because then
they'll lose Trump voters for the rest
of their lives and they won't be able to
get jobs as Republican party officials
or working for donors or anything like
that so loose Trump supporters at some
point okay you know and by the way if
they think it is to their advantage to
do it publicly that is the minute that
they will know from public that's true
okay final thing for you guys is that
former RNC official also admits yes
there's the propaganda document yes it's
just filled with pictures of Trump
looking good according to him and
positive tweets and nozzoli but he says
but maybe it's good for the country that
the president is in a good mood in the
morning just when you thought it
couldn't get any sadder if you are
concerned about their do you think
you're an alpha male and you supported
an alpha male this is the biggest beta
move of all time
okay feel good in the morning can you
give me good tweets Oh your snowflake is
melting
