Republican lawmakers and White House
officials are reaching across the aisle
to so-called centrist Democrats in order
to get their cooperation in cutting
taxes for the top 1% now understandably
there are Democrats in the Senate who
are against it and they have essentially
outlined their opposition to any bill
that would add to the deficit or cut
taxes to the top one percent they did so
in the form of a letter
however there were three senators who
refused to sign that letter one of those
senators was joe Manchin now joe Manchin
is going to get challenged by Patrick
Morrissey and this is of course the
Senate election in West Virginia he is
currently the Attorney General in West
Virginia and it seems like he will
challenge mansion in an upcoming
election and so he tweeted about how it
seems as though mansions not really
looking out for the best interest of his
constituents let's get to that Morrissey
called on mansion to give up his place
in the Senate's Democratic leadership
team to which Manchin was appointed by
Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in
November of last year he says that West
Virginia could not be more different
from Chuck Schumer's New York and many
in West Virginia wonder how you can put
West Virginia first when you are
beholden to Chuck Schumer and his team
now Senator Joe Manchin had an
interesting response to this and so I
want to read to you what he said he says
I don't give a you understand I
just don't give a I don't care if I
get elected don't care if I get defeated
how about that if they think because I'm
up for election that I can be wrangled
into voting for I don't like and
can't explain they're all crazy okay
that sounds like fun tough guy talk and
I'll I guess give him credit for that
and I yeah but it's of course not
remotely true if you if you really
didn't care then you wouldn't be a
senator I like the reference to catch me
outside how about that okay now let's
get to the criticism so first of all
understand what joe Manchin is saying by
not signing that letter he's saying I
don't care if it's revenue neutral all
that time when I said I was a centrist
Democrat
I cared about balanced budgets and
fiscal responsibility just kidding I
just wanted tax cuts for the rich that's
all I wanted I don't care for sex
neutral I don't care it creates a giant
trillion-dollar extra trillion dollar
deficit on top or maybe even seven
trillion dollars according to Trump's
proposals don't care all I want with
that part you're right about don't give
a
I want tax cuts for the rich in giant
corporations that's what I want that's
what I'm gonna do okay at least we hear
you loud and clear Joe Manchin now in
this case Patrick Morrissey is the
Republican he thinks he's gonna run
against Joe Manchin but I got bad news
for him he's not he's gonna run against
Paula gene Swearengen who's gonna beat
Joe Manchin
in a Democratic primary you're tied to
the lesser of two evils you've got a
Republican who says give tax cuts to
giant corporations and then you got a
democrat joe Manchin who says give giant
tax cuts to the corporation's then vote
in primaries there's a primary opponent
in the Democratic race against mansion
her name is Paul G Swearengen by the way
she did an AMA on reddit the other day
well the top AMAs there was I think it
was even bigger than Bernie Sanders okay
by the way Paula Jean 20:18 dot-com if
you want to go check it out
and she yes she's as justice Democratic
candidate you know why because this is
exactly what we're talking about
we don't want Democrats who a will help
Republicans with their top priorities
then they tell us no but you want those
Democrats no I don't I don't want that
Democrat in office I don't want giant
tax cuts for the rich if so don't speak
for me because I don't want that now and
number two they say no you have to be
practical a corporatist has a better
chance of winning in West Virginia what
a preposterous point no a populist has a
much better chance of winning in West
Virginia whether they come from the
right or the left thank God in this case
Paul G's coming from the left and it's a
populist that actually cares about the
population so she is not going to say
yes to corporate tax cuts 67 percent of
Americans are for increasing taxes on
the rich not decreasing them look into
it okay so and if you hear anybody on TV
telling that America's one taxes cut for
the rich and for corporations they are
liars or grotesquely ignorant and should
be fired from their jobs if you don't
know the facts then go get another job
so whether it's justice democrats
accomplish with paula g20 18 calm or any
other way that you oppose blue dog
democrats corporate democrats
and you ask why is it personal it's not
personal joe Manchin came out here we
had a lovely conversation we went back
and forth it's not personal I don't know
the guy at all I've never met the guy I
never had a beer with him but if you're
gonna say I'm going to serve
multinational corporations and my donors
you got to go you got to go Paula Jean
2018 calm am i clear enough and if you
don't like Paula Jean I hear your
brother okay you don't have to support
my candidate are Ken and whatever right
go find a candidate to run against them
but I can't West Virginia is not for
multinational corporations that is a
giant myth put out by mainstream media
and corporate Democrats and the
Republican Party don't believe the
height support independent media come
join us at the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
