last week Attorney General Jeff Sessions
indicated that the White House will be
extremely harsh to anyone who is caught
leaking information to the media and
even threatened that reporters who
publish that leaked information could be
subpoenaed as a result of their
reporting well it was interesting to
find today that Donald Trump tweeted a
story a scoop that was written up by Fox
News's Lucas Tomlinson it was a scoop
that was actually leaked to him from a
member of the intelligence community and
the headline of the story was US spy
satellites detect North Korea moving
anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat
so of course this has to do with the
conflict with North Korea and this was
information classified information that
was not supposed to be leaked to a Fox
News reporter now nonetheless this story
was on the front page of Fox News and
nikki Haley who is the US ambassador to
the United Nations was on Fox and
Friends she was asked about this report
and take a look at what her reaction was
ambassador on the front page of Fox
news.com right now there is a story that
apparently the Intel community has
picked up anti-ship cruise missiles were
being loaded onto a patrol boat or
patrol boats in North Korea what can you
tell us about that I can't I can't talk
about anything that's classified and if
that's in the newspaper that's a shame
but but no reason to believe that's not
accurate though I have no reason to
comment on okay don't be in the
newspaper is that another leak I guess
yeah it's one of these things I don't
know what's going on but I will tell you
it's incredibly dangerous when things
get out into the press like that you're
not only just getting a scoop on
something you're playing with people's
lives and this has got to stop whatever
the leaks are coming from if somebody
thinks they're getting power or fame
from it all you're doing is putting
American liberty so let me be absolutely
clear again this was not something that
was published in the newspaper this was
something that was published by a Fox
News reporter on the front page of Fox
news.com
today and Donald Trump tweeted this
classified information prior to nikki
Haley appearing on Fox and Friends and
so look I mean if you Attorney General
Jeff Sessions I mean I haven't heard any
statement from him I haven't heard any
tough talk from officials in regards to
this leaked information I don't know if
there's a double standard if it has to
do with Fox News reporting that leaked
information but nonetheless the lack of
communication between the US ambassador
to the United Nations and Donald Trump
is obviously an issue here and Donald
Trump is the one who decided to retweet
or tweet out this classified information
on his accounts okay so let's break this
down even further so first of all we
were told by Donald Trump and anything
that's anonymous sources is fake news
this story had nothing but anonymous
sources okay second of all we're told
that leaking is like the worst thing in
the world
by Donald Trump who then retweeted this
leak it is an absolute undeniably third
of all this is not a leak about White
House machinations and power plays and
somebody being called into the office to
kill a fly okay this is about importance
this is actual intelligence this is it
doesn't get any more classified than
this this is our enemies are doing this
with their missiles and we know it now
notice that the leak is going to Fox
News who is the person who's best
connected to Fox News it is the ultra
right-wing nationalist inside the White
House Trump Steve ban and etc so and
notice what nikki Haley said
nikki Haley said if somebody's doing it
for their own fame or power I don't know
she's referring to Steve Bannon but it
sounds like a shot at somebody inside
the White House because they didn't leak
it to the New York Times they didn't
leak it to any organization they would
consider to be liberal they leaked it to
a friend and they did it on purpose and
so okay you want to mess gate leaks
great robert muller let's add this a
list of leaks and that your
investigation should be about because
apparently they're Donald Trump thinks
it's the most serious thing in the world
and here he is doing it these buffoons
this is actual intelligence don't leak
things that that actually could get us
into war right now
this is not
our government did something wrong in
hindsight and in a democracy we should
know about that this is not the Pentagon
Papers
it's not even WikiLeaks it's not it's
not that it shall see Manning Apache
helicopter video where our government
was lying to us this is about active
intelligence in a military conflict that
could lead to war it doesn't get any
worse than this league and it's super
obvious that the White House is doing it
the president retweeted it he's he's
putting out that propaganda he's helping
that leak if spread further
so I assume Criminal Investigations are
unfolding as we speak and if you're a
right winger and for months now you've
been saying the leaks should be
prosecuted I know that you're chanting
right now lock him up
lock him up find out who these leakers
are and we don't have to find out who
promoted the leak because it's Trump
he's actively promoting and by the way
when asked about this one of his
advisors on TV said well I mean the
president could just unilaterally
declassify things wait so did he or
didn't he did he did classify this
classified information that's incredibly
important or did he not be classified
which one is it so is he the leaker Oh
oops
you're caught on that one so in case the
press if he did it this is how he leaked
it right
what are you OJ Simpson so hope so he
does the leak and now they say well
afterwards we can kind of declassify if
we wanted to on Twitter does that sound
like a good idea to you so they are
wildly hypocritical but what I care more
about is somebody's got to get the
president under control on North Korea I
don't know how you can do it and and it
might be time for this is terrible times
this is not how democracy is supposed to
work but what if he gives the order to
the generals to push the button he said
he said today fire and fury like the
world has never seen
that's what he's gonna do to North Korea
and I remember the establishment telling
me oh no Jang you you're back then even
as what they hated Trump I get it right
but they're like no you guys are all
being hysterical the generals won't
listen to illegal orders you sure
with that I'm not at all sure about that
and B sense which I don't want the
generals not listening to the
commander-in-chief that's not how our
democracy works that's why we got to get
him out is he's a threat to the whole
world safety help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm slash join
