so Donald Trump is in the middle of
deliberating if he can do such a thing
on the issue of Afghanistan now I
covered the story a little bit last week
- I agree with him in part and I think
that he's asking legitimate questions
hey there it is a little bit of
agreement hold for the rest of the story
though but first let me give you the the
parts where I feel is pain Greg Jaffe
and Phillip Rucker reporting for The
Washington Post here saying he wanted to
know Trump did why the US military
wasn't winning in Afghanistan and he
asked repeatedly why after more than 16
years of war the United States was still
stuck there hey
those are great questions fair questions
HR McMaster is the person that he's
talking to here he's the national
security adviser and he's arranging
these meetings and he brings in generals
and they talk about their options in
Afghanistan they want to increase the
amount of troops in Afghanistan but
Trump's asking a legitimate question
about wait we've increased troops before
and hasn't worked why are we still not I
still don't have the situation result
that there's 16 years of war and I told
you last week that he was thinking of
firing the general in charge there then
they had to talk him down I don't think
that it's that particular channel I just
think it's a bad concept but now they
should gets a little bit more
complicated they explain it also
highlights a contradiction this this is
the liberation they're having about
Afghanistan highlights a contradiction
at the core of Trump's foreign policy on
the campaign trail and in conversations
with advisors Trump has said he wants to
win and project strengths but he is also
called for ending costly commitments in
places such as Afghanistan in the Middle
East well look I actually think that
that doesn't have to be a contradiction
there's a thing in poker called a strong
fold so you can say hey this is my
strong opinion that we are wasting our
time in Afghanistan and much more
importantly wasting the lives of our
soldiers and the trillions of dollars
that we have spent there and the 16
years of war has been counterproductive
I am strongly exiting I'm done with this
so general as I asked her for options
you didn't give me options that that had
any chance of success we're leaving so
that is not a contradiction and it
drives me crazy when the press sees okay
strong is permanent war and anything
else is weak
no that's not the case at all and if
Trump was bright he could make that case
unfortunately this is where the story
gets interesting because President Trump
is not that bright so not only can he
not make that distinction he wavers back
and forth now should we send in more
troops because our honor no I get to
beat my chest and you know on the other
hand it is a mess and I was right about
that how the generals aren't winning but
the guy took the reporting to me at
national security advisors a former
general and my defense secretary is a
former general of my chief of staff as a
former general the guy lives in a
contradiction because he's not bright
enough to figure out that those are
contradictions okay so the wife impose
talked to 20 different sources for this
particular story and now when they get
to the part about HR McMaster the
national security advisors challenges in
trying to explain the situation in
Afghanistan to trump
that's where it gets really interesting
they explain among those biggest
challenges was holding the attention of
the president in classified briefings
Trump would frequently flit between
subjects you're the president
concentrate concentrate concentrate okay
let's get to the details we a US
official says we move very quickly from
news to intelligence to policy with very
little clarity on which lanes we were in
that's Trump doing that McMaster would
act like the tangents didn't happen and
go back to point two on his card so
they're dealing with a child here right
so it McGrath our second here all right
here's option one and Trump's like wow
did you see the route rally I had I mean
that was amazing they love me and the
crowd sizes of inauguration at McMaster
like very good option number two and
Afghanistan is this and he's like well
you should see what vibes our friend
said very good here's option three okay
and by the way they do the same tricks
then they explain them here in the
article as they have in all the other
articles you must show the president
pictures otherwise he can't concentrate
in the case of Afghanistan they are
showing them pictures from 1972 when
women were wearing skirts it like you
see
Afghanistan used to be a different place
and we're trying to teach you the
history of it and he said yeah okay
that's good but back to Trump and then
the other thing that they do is they
keep talking about him so that he'll pay
attention oh Jesus
Christ this guy's the most powerful guy
on earth it gets worse
Trump had little time for in-depth
reaping Zahn Afghanistan's history
it's complicated politics or seemingly
endless civil war for God's sake
pay attention concentrate you're the
president you need to know the
historical context of Afghanistan if
you're gonna make the right decisions oh
my god history bah bah bah bah oh okay
it's worse even a single page of bullet
points on the country seemed to tax the
president's attention span on the
subject says senior White House
officials they're not making this up
they have 20 sources these are guys
inside the White House going he can't
pay attention to a single page with
bullet points it's not even solid text
Oh
bullet boards all history up up up show
me more pictures and they would date
showing pictures of 2005 Afghanistan vs.
2015 but they're like look it's a
marketplace it's more crowded now isn't
that progress he's like well it's at
least as a bigger now we go to a Trump
confidant again these are some of his
friends they say I call the president
the two minute man boy that is not a
good title I don't think you want to be
the two minute man under any context but
that's a trump confidant saying he can't
pay attention for longer than two
minutes
god help us all and finally that same
confidant said the president has
patience for half a page half a page
that's it we thought we were down to a
page filled with pictures and bullet
points turns out we're down to half a
page remember when preparing him to go
to Europe they were trying to teach him
based on tweet size messages like he
can't we know he can concentrate for a
tweet so they're like here here's 140
characters
how are you going to explain the trading
relationships we have with the g20
partners all across the world in tweet
sized information how are you gonna
explain Afghanistan its complexities
that make the right decisions on what to
do when the present
can't pay attention for longer than half
a page Republicans if you care about the
country man this pic another guy who has
all the things that you like doesn't
like immigrants doesn't like Muslims
whatever it is they use or you think is
somehow gonna give you better healthcare
or you're incredibly rich and you want
lower taxes whatever it is that you want
pick another guy cuz this guy's a child
and he's going to cause grave damage in
the case of Afghanistan like I said I'm
not I'm not against them on the issue
for God's sake pick the one where we
leave pick that option that's what you
said on the campaign trail do that one
right but when you have an issue like
North Korea and we're gonna have to make
a momentous decision and we might go to
war and millions of lives might be on
the line you really want this guy making
that decision no you know not even if
you're a Republican you don't want that
and and now there's other stories out
famous backers like Peter Thiel the
legendary investor in San Francisco who
made a big speech at the convention
backing Trump now reconsidering their
decision going the one word that defines
his administration so far is
incompetence I told you I told you
during the campaign I've been telling
you that since the guy is legendarily
incompetent and now even his backers are
seeing that he's a danger to the country
and a danger to the world
Young Turks if you like this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out at TYT Network com /join
