a teenager in Australia was the victim
of an unexpected C flee attack his name
is Sam canoes a and he was in the ocean
doing his thing and he started feeling
this tingly sensation on his legs so he
can I just say this sounded funny in the
beginning he's in the water doing his
thing he was a tingling sensation in his
leg and he's feeling good but then all
of a sudden yeah all of a sudden he
decides I need to get out of the water
there's something up and we're about to
show you something
you're dirty today oh yeah I tried to
tell him sorry all right we're about to
show you photos of what happened next I
want to warn you though that they're
graphic and so if you get uncomfortable
with blood or photos of anything graphic
your warrant now with that said he gets
out of the water and he notices that his
legs are bleeding they're bleeding badly
no Jesus and so he goes to the bathroom
tries to wash off his legs and he won't
stop bleeding
he doesn't know what's going on finally
he's hospitalized and they're trying to
figure out what the issue is and
apparently he had pin-sized holes that
were bleeding profusely there were
doctors there trying to diagnose the
situation they couldn't figure out what
was going on and his father
understandably was upset and worried and
wanted to figure it out and so he went
back to that same body of water and got
a water sample so the reason why they
couldn't figure out what was going on
the doctors couldn't figure out what's
going on is because sea lice typically
eat dying or dead flesh they're not
interested in human flesh living human
flesh at least and so they didn't even
expect or suspect that it would be sea
lice but it happened and it's super
creepy and they're disgusting yeah so
they're apparently scavengers
shrimp-like crustaceans commonly known
as sea fleas and they just spooked us
out to no end so I look who knows
sometimes mutations happen
science so now I don't know these little
sea fleas are everywhere and if they've
now decided decided hey guys let's do a
committee you figure out what should we
eat live flesh do ya all in favor anyway
so if they're now eating live flesh oh
boy I mean this guy is not unique I mean
I suspect not I mean right I don't think
his flesh is particularly on the life so
I wouldn't go in that water would you go
in that water
no nowhere else see please are so this
is potentially disastrous right exactly
but I mean at least we now know that
there they have some interest in living
human flesh and you know we can maybe
take some proper precautions whatever
those precautions are and to be honest
with you I don't know you know exactly
where they're found so I know they're
found you know that place in Australia
exactly but I don't know if you know we
would be victimized by sea fleas in LA
but regardless you just never know guys
like we should all live in our little
bubbles you know and insulate ourselves
from this cruel dark world no don't do I
know but it was kind of insane because
you know first of all I have to give his
dad a tremendous amount of credit
because he's not about to sit there and
be like oh you guys can't figure out
what's wrong with my son okay great I'm
just gonna sit back and not do anything
about it he went back and got a water
sample to try to figure out what was
going on otherwise they would have they
wouldn't have ever known yeah you know
well look to be honest they didn't see
it coming if you liked this video you'll
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
