great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution President Trump is going on
vacation wouldn't you know it it's his
first official vacation here is seen
leaving the Oval Office slithering his
way out of thee thank you thank you for
that pity laugh okay one of those visual
gags that'll play well on Sirius XM
later all right he will be spending 17
days at his private club in New Jersey
to take a much-needed break from the
place he spends most of his time crazy
town how does the president here is the
the statement by The Washington Post
count on Thursday by the end of this
vacation trumple have taken 53 days at
leisure compared to Obama's 15 vacation
days at the end of August during his own
first term as president Trump has to
date almost doubled the former
president's trips to the links moreover
Obama played 17 rounds of golf by the
end of August in 2009 Trump has played
33 times that are known about before
heading to bed Minster this while saying
once actually multiple times he went
after Obama for his time on the links
and his vacation saying don't take
vacations what's the point if you're not
enjoying your work you're in the wrong
job that's I mean she Wow I think I mean
we know we knew we knew that this is
what was going to happen and so
there was a lot of tough talk from him
during Obama's administration about the
amount of time he took off and like
here's the thing
being president is the hardest job in
the world literally the hardest job in
the world
right you have to make incredibly
difficult decisions there's a reason why
presidents come in looking one way and
then four years later some cases eight
years later look like they've aged
twenty years it's a difficult stressful
job and so look I think that they should
have some time off just so they can do
their jobs effectively but since Trump
has gotten elected every weekend he goes
golfing right he he takes a ton of time
off doesn't want to do intelligence
briefings doesn't want to do the hard
work I'm curious why he wanted to be
President in the first place other than
trying to benefit financially from this
position of power but it the thing that
just gets to me was the nonstop
criticism toward other presidents for
taking time off and then he has the
audacity to take an insane amount of
time off in this just first seven months
so it is what it is I mean I think he
wanted to be President because to him is
the ultimate popularity contest
and now that it's it's gone awry because
people really hate him and there are
people who have dedicated their lives to
showing him how much how many people
hate him but I do think that like I've
said here before I am a true believer
that our politicians are negotiable to
some degree and they all have their
issues but the hard on that Trump had
for Obama and the constant lies and
always pinpointing everything about
Obama and now when you listen to OPA
Trump support the blind supporters the
Trump blind supporters I call them the
the bite the nose to spite their face
errs like when you listen to them and
there's always a defense for every
single thing that he does
but these when you go back and look at
the tweets to Obama when he was an
office like how dare you go on your
vacation you know why is Michele wearing
a shirt where you could see her show
there's like every single thing now that
he's doing it there is a defense for
this so it's so obvious that the reason
so many of you guys
hate it Obama was because he's black and
you know and I remember when Obama
played golf the first time I remember
that I didn't know black people could
play golf
and I remember all the stuff it's a lot
of country clubs still have rules where
they can't that's insane and is it
Tiger Woods is black right yeah well
he's cobbler nation yeah it's amazing to
compare Trump to other presidents after
their first year so these are these are
the total vacation days taken by
presidents at the end of their first
year Carter took only 19 vacation days
Ronald Reagan took 42 days of vacation
George HW Bush took 40 Bill Clinton 21
George w 69 and Obama ended his first
year with 26 vacation days according to
the Annenberg Public Policy centers fact
check and how can you compare this
because a lot of times when asked if the
president is playing golf today his
cabinet tries to hide it hide it because
he plays golf all the time yeah all the
time it's so crazy according to your
numbers if you're a Republican you have
to take a minimum of 46 because they all
have 40 and above on the first year but
it's oh that lady with the eyebrows I
can't Sarah I can't thank you Sarah
Huckabee Sanders I can't I can't
it's okay she can she does so Obama
spent a hundred million dollars in the
first eight years according to a
conservative estimate not a ninth on a
conservative estimates from a
conservative groups estimate mar-a-lago
according to most estimates has cost us
20 million dollars so far other
estimates go as high as fifty one of
those estimates which you can track at
your leisure is the Trump golf count
this website that is up so just google
Trump golf count I don't remember what
the website actually is but it'll tell
you the running taxpayer cost of sending
the President to various golf excursions
they have the count at 41 rounds of golf
but he went on vacation today right so
I'm like quick somebody break into the
White House and run the country for real
I know they said because the story is
he's leaving town and while he's gone
they're gonna fix the heating and air
conditioning which has got to be just a
made-up story to get him away they gotta
fix that dump up just like please leave
and I'm I mean here's my I don't
conspiracy theorizing but I feel like
this is time for me for you know John
Kelly in sessions to put listening to
additional personal listening devices in
every corner of the White House in their
ridiculous search for leaks so that they
can monitor everybody every time
everywhere yeah that leak thing today
drove me crazy because it's so
transparent it's like you're you're
trying to leak you're get trying to stop
down on leaks because the only time
these leaks came out they embarrassed
the president yeah they embarrassed him
it's like the leaks the lace last three
leaks were like when the president said
he had a good phone call Mike Pence is
leaking
I think it's right I think rights was
like you know it was really fun to work
for the president I wish him the best it
just feels like Mike Pence thing up
because it's a joke like he'd want to be
President if he got a P Trump got a
patient anyway sure sure I'm joking I
don't want to take that seriously but we
do know there's a new level of petty in
the White House like it's somebody being
there the dirt
