great news TYT is partnering with
participant media to help solve the
climate crisis but we need your guy's
help make sure you check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
also go see an inconvenient sequel truth
to power it's in theaters nationwide
right now it has a really important
message and I want all of you guys to
learn that and absorb it it's very
important look at president Trump isn't
going to lead then we should and I
believe in the American people and I
think we can do it already the majority
of Americans are on our side and so our
civic leaders mayor's governors and
businesses and they're all moving
forward to stop climate change so don't
worry guys no single person can stop us
if we fight together we can win so I
pledge to join the movement and hashtag
be inconvenient go to inconvenience
equal com slash action to be part of the
solution Martin shkreli person whose
name just makes you want to punch him
already without even seeing him Martin
shkreli was found guilty today on three
of eight counts of fraud he faces up to
20 years in prison he has not been
sentenced yet so there's an it won't
necessarily hit those twenty oh god
there he is
I just want to pitch his cheeks and
punch him in the face at the same time
but I won't I was show restraint okay so
the case what was the case you've heard
everything about Martin shkreli being
the guy who raised the price of a
pharmaceutical fifty five hundred
percent he did not get convicted for
that actually what he was convicted for
was a fraud case against some of his
investors he runs to hedge funds one
msnb capital the other MSM be health
care and what happened is he got sued
for essentially illegally using his or
he got prosecuted for illegally using
money from his pharmaceutical company to
pay off his hedge fund investors and
lying to them along the way as to how
their investments were doing essentially
buying time before he raided his
pharmaceutical company to pay them the
evidence as presented by the New York
Times coming from this case
included a threatening letter he sent to
the wife of a former employee statements
he sent to M SMB investors showing great
returns at the same time he had no money
in fund accounts three versions of a
back dated agreement to make it look as
if M SMB capital had invested in retro
Fionn which is his pharmaceutical
company when it had not as well as
claims about assets under management
that were wildly out of line with his
actual fund size so he lied about how
big it was you know history is great
because it teaches you to not make the
mistakes that were made by certain
individuals in the past right you don't
even have to like do any extensive
research into history like Bernie Madoff
is in prison right now because of his
Ponzi schemes like it's funny to me that
he thought he could get away with this
and I'm glad you didn't right so yeah
this is a lawsuit four years in the
making and one of the great things to
look back on is throughout the the
lawsuit he had set a bunch of different
things including this one which was I'm
so innocent the jury the judge and the
prosecution are gonna give me an apology
so what is your take away on martin
shkreli after this you know what he
reminds me of the quote from Malcolm X
the chickens coming home to roost
because I remember him bragging about
that wu-tang album that cash rules
everything around me you know I when I
think about I have a friend who's HIV
positive who actually acquired or
contracted HIV through a blood
transfusion many years ago when I think
about his struggle in life and just a
very hardworking person and his
medication being jacked up with this
amount for this amount somebody who
thought it was cool
and was so smug about it yeah I mean it
was just like the whole time every
single interview you just showed me one
every time you see them it's like this
smug you know like haha above everybody
like it's cool to be slimy thing so when
things like this happen it makes you
feel like oh at some times there is
justice right I think it takes a certain
type of person and look I'm not a mental
health expert and I can't diagnose
people but it you know I sociopaths can
comfortably screw people over when it
comes to their life-saving drugs you
know and and he you're right he was
completely unapologetic about it
incredibly smug and defiant and so they
had a really hard time finding jurors
for this case because so many people
knew who he was
absolutely despised him there were
people who didn't even know who he was
and said that they found him like
strange or questionable on face alone
which I thought was interesting we
covered that story as well so look I I
just want justice to be served you know
I don't want to I don't want to go after
people in a ridiculously aggressive way
I just want fair justice and hopefully
in this case now that he's been found
guilty you know his sentencing will
reflect that but this what's so crazy
definitely when I heard 20 years as a
maximum for what he could be sentenced
or I took into consideration what
actually his defense brought up which is
like the people he defrauded he
defrauded them not out of money he just
lied to them along the way at the end
they got paid more than their investment
it just he lied to them along the way
and and one of the weird things is yes I
want this guy I don't care what happens
to him personally I just feel like in a
world where we're fighting so hard for
like health care reform so many people
are focused on like the health care law
and the way that the health insurance
industry is structured without really
getting a lot of talk about the insane
raising rising cost of health care yeah
in the first place that everybody that
just keeps going up and up and so the
people have to pay more and more and
more we need to solve it that way but
this case was not about raising the
price of a drug daraprim
for on people who need it I mean there
are so many lawmakers that are complicit
in that type of behavior and we see it
all the time the mistake that he made is
he got too greedy and he increased the
the price too much but you have farm
critical companies behaving that way on
a regular basis and they're protected by
our lawmakers because they are in the
pockets of these lawmakers and that's
the frustrating thing and you're right
you know we have these discussions in
these debates about health care and the
rising cost of health care in the
country but then we talk about how we
can restructure things that have cost
controls and all that stuff is important
but what's also important is to shift
the focus on you know the price gouging
that happens within this this world you
know whether it comes to pharmaceutical
drugs or doctors overcharging for things
that's a big problem I don't know there
are certain procedures where I'm like I
know that this doesn't really cost that
much I just got a bill from the doctor
that was ridiculous and and I will say
that because I know some of the people
are gonna get really weird about me
saying that to do this ugly but I true
that I truly believe that real ugly
comes from the inside out and he this
guy this is the the when you do dirty
business with dirty people that's what
happens and so like what you're saying a
lot of people are doing this and he
happens to be the fall guy because he
got above himself he thought that he was
he was beyond the game that he could
walk around and he could just laugh and
do these interviews and he thought and
that's why I say it's the chickens
coming home to roost because there was
no that nobody threw it through and you
know nobody covered him yes he's taken
the fall and it's just it's good for the
argument that health insurance company
are not held in health insurance
companies and all specifically
pharmaceutical companies in addition to
saving a lot of life seem like they're
out to get you and are you know being
evil and raising the price and he feels
you're right just like a character like
a completely heightened version of
reality that we can all kind of
gravitate toward and and now we have a
face that goes with it but the details
of what happened during this case like
he would go out immediately afterwards
and talk to the press and the judge had
to say you got to stop doing that and
then he also during like the closing
arguments or something was reading a
book yeah in the in the courtroom he's
unruly it's absolutely ridiculous and
then there's another thing
it's his um yeah his it's a good thing
for the prosecution of these kinds of
cases they said according to New York
Times in that in that these New York
area
prosecutors have to go up against these
super expensive lawyers a lot of the
time and those super expensive lawyers
it's it's easier to recruit amazing
lawyers to your firm if you can pay them
the kind of rates that you're gonna end
up charging to billionaire
pharmaceutical company for that
so this is a big this is a big win for
prosecution in the district court you
better walk into prison quote now what
an album some help in there
