while Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions may
not be getting along at least as far as
the public knows there is one thing that
the two of them I guess kind of agree on
and that is that somehow American
colleges are discriminating against
white people and that is why according
to a new memo within the Department of
Justice they're going to start cracking
down on colleges start investigating
them and possibly even suing them for
their alleged discrimination against
white people now Jeff Sessions as we all
know has a very storied history of
making racist remarks of representing
racist people and defending them and
thinking that there's nothing wrong with
their worldview and basically for
himself being pretty much a racist so
it's no surprise that he would go after
this but what they're actually doing on
the surface they're saying that they're
discriminating against white people but
what they're trying to do behind the
scenes is get rid of programs like
affirmative action that has been a
Republican goal for several decades
they hate the program they hate what it
does they always claim that it's racism
against white people when in reality
affirmative action has helped to create
racial diversity not just at colleges
and on campus but all throughout this
country in areas where minorities would
not otherwise have a chance even though
they were qualified and you know why
because there's too many people like
Jeff Sessions calling the shots for some
of these college admission boards or
some of these corporations that refuse
to hire people based on the color of
their skin there are too many Jeff
Sessions out there and that's why we
still have to have some kind of
affirmative action program people get
discriminated against when they fill out
job applications even though if the
person has never seen them based on
their name they think they see an odd
name and assume it's a minority and
don't give them the job don't give them
a callback
study after study has shown that that
happens all too often especially with
regards to college admission boy
it's so Jeff Sessions wants to do away
with this Donald Trump is perfectly fine
with doing away with this because they
want white people in this country to
have even more privilege on top of
everything else that we already have
they want to stop down the people that
have already been stomped down for
centuries in this country just because
they're afraid that their whiteness
doesn't go as far as it used to they're
also trying to play to the very racist
base of the alt-right by showing them
look I know you're worried about your
white identity disappearing because that
is a major part of the white nationalist
movement and the all right so we're
going to make sure that we quote level
the playing field so you white people
don't have to worry about losing your
identity as who you are and that is
exactly what we expected of Jeff
Sessions as Attorney General that is why
a lot of Democrats and most of the
public spoke out against him and this is
exactly what we knew would happen when a
man like that got the votes and got
installed as our Attorney General this
is just the tip of the iceberg the
longer Jeff Jeff session stays in office
the more of these discussing policies
that were likely to see come out of that
office
