Vermont senator Bernie Sanders is
proposing a new rule that would force
pharmaceutical companies that use
taxpayer funded research and development
to come up with their new drugs to
charge a fair price to US citizens which
means if any portion of your drugs
development was paid for by United
States taxpayers you cannot raise the
prices on your drugs by ten thousand
percent or twenty thousand percent and
those are not arbitrary numbers folks
let me point this out there are several
medications available in this country
where the markup is between 10,000 and
20,000 percent a lot of pain medications
and life-saving heart medications
lipitor great example have markups
within that range some are actually over
20,000 percent and that is what they
charge us here in the United States
meanwhile you go to other countries
Canada for example typical markup might
be between one and three thousand
percent which sounds like a lot but when
you figure that a pill costs about eight
cents to produce the markup actually is
a little bit less than it seems here in
the United States though we do not have
that kind of benefit because Congress
Republicans and most Democrats have just
allowed Big Pharma to run rampant with
whatever the hell they want to do in
this country now Bernie Sanders new rule
would prevent pharmaceutical companies
from doing that unless they're going to
Pacha's we come out of pocket for all of
the expenses associated with developing
new drugs and this is a point that I
have actually been making for years
that people don't quite seem to grasp in
the United States when they come to the
defense of pharmaceutical companies we
American taxpayers are paying for most
of that research to develop these new
life-saving drugs almost 75% of the
medical research carried out in the
United States is funded by taxpayer
money Bernie Sanders understands that
and so he's trying to prevent American
consumers from having to pay for our
pharmaceuticals basically twice this
second time a hell of a lot more than
the first time because they're using our
tax dollars to make it then if we want
it we have to go fork over a 20,000
percent markup in order to buy it his
rule will put an end to that and
according to a CBO score it's going to
save United States consumers billions of
dollars every single year and it's worth
pointing out that the cost that
pharmaceutical companies do spend
out-of-pocket on development is recouped
in its entirety within the first two
years of a drug being introduced on the
market this is the kind of rule that we
need in the United States we have to put
an end to this rising pharmaceutical
prices are one of the foremost
healthcare issues in this country aside
from obviously people not having health
insurance but we've got to do something
about prescription drugs we needed a
leader on this issue and Bernie Sanders
in just one week proposes this new rule
says he's going to draft legislation for
single-payer health care and where the
hell are the Democrats on this Bernie
Sanders as we all know is an independent
and he is the one taking the lead on the
issue Democrats are talking a big game
but they're not writing legislation
they're not proposing new rules they're
just out there saying we're going to fix
it we're going to fix it
well Bernie Sanders is one of the only
people in Washington DC actually trying
to fix it and he's not doing it because
he's getting big money from
pharmaceutical industries or health care
companies he's doing it to protect the
American public and tell us that every
one of us should be able to afford the
same life-saving medication you
shouldn't be in the top 1% of income
earners in order to buy your heart
medicine that keeps you alive or to buy
your diabetes medication or your epi
pens or anything else those should be
available to everyone of us because all
of us are paying for the research and
the development of these drugs already
so it's unfair for any of us to be
priced out of the system when we're
basically funding the entire operation
Bernie Sanders wants to put a stop to it
and if the Democrats have any sense
they'll sign on to this
immediately
