an inconvenient sequel truth to power
was released in New York and LA last
weekend in just four theaters and not
surprisingly it's doing really well
guess what dawned on people seem to
actually care about what happens to our
planet today the movie opens nationwide
let's get everybody across the country
to see this important film people are
taking the climate change crisis very
seriously and they're starting the fight
back by seeing the film let's keep it
going
you can speak truth to power by using
your Inconvenient sequel ticket stub to
urge President Trump to reconsider the
Paris agreement since I'm not sure
Donnie reads anything besides his own
Twitter feed send a picture or
screenshot of your ticket to at real
Donald Trump and urge him to see an
inconvenient sequel and recommit to
worldwide environmental standards Julia
louis-dreyfus did this over the weekend
and it was such a good idea we're gonna
do it now too An Inconvenient sequel is
open now nationwide take the first step
in changing our future and get your
tickets to see the film take a picture
of them tweet them to trump and
importantly talk about what you see and
learn with your family and friends we
can only make a positive change for our
planet if we take action use our voices
and use our votes visit Inconvenient
sequel calm / action to start the change
you
