over the weekend the anonymous woman who
had made sexual assault allegations
against Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh decided to reveal her identity
and give specific details about what she
says happened back in the 1980s when he
allegedly sexually assaulted her her
name is Christine Blasi Ford and she is
a psychology professor in Northern
California and she spoke with Emma Brown
of the Washington Post and did give some
specific details that I want to share
with you she claims that at the time
even though she doesn't remember the
exact date Kavanaugh was 17 years old
and she believed she was 15 years old
one summer in the early 1980s Cavanaugh
and a friend
both stumbling drunk corralled Ford into
a bedroom during a gathering of
teenagers at a house in Montgomery
County she was quoted as saying that
while his friend watched Kavanagh pinned
her to a bed on her back and groped her
over her clothes grinding his body
against hers and clumsily attempting to
pull off her one-piece bathing suit and
the clothing she wore over it when she
tried to scream he put his hand over her
mouth so at that point she says that she
feared for her life in fact she was
quoted as saying I thought he might
inadvertently kill me and it wasn't
until the other person in the room
Cavanaugh's friend mark judge it wasn't
until he got involved that she was able
to escape
Cavanaugh's friend and classmate at
Georgetown Prep school mark judge jumped
on top of them sending all three
tumbling Ford ran from the room briefly
locked herself in a bathroom and then
fled the house so there are important
pieces of in my opinion evidence that
really helped reinforce her story and
we'll get to that in just a minute but
djenka I'd like you to jump in so one
thing I want to be clear about in terms
of the friend judge and his role in it
he earlier had put out a statement
saying I have no recollection of that
which I found to be inconclusive to say
the least
usually saying I have no recollection of
that means well do you have the evidence
yet or don't you but now he's
much clearer on the record he says it's
just absolutely nuts I never saw bread
act that way he described Kavanagh as a
brilliant student and not quote not into
anything crazy or illegal now there's
lots of talk by judge who later went
into rehab in fact wrote a book about
his travails with drinking lots of talk
in his book about that and there's even
a guy who appears to be Cavanaugh in the
book they used a very slight pseudonym
for us it was literally his last name
was literally Oh cabin aw yeah that's
the smallest pseudonym you could do
anyway apparently they were both
training heavily that summer you do
without what you will and and I want
everybody to be super clear nobody's
judging Cavanaugh for drinking too much
when he was in high school that's not
remotely the issue issues were what he
did that day okay and so on the other
hand as even megyn kelly pointed out if
she's making up the story why would she
put a friend of his in the room which
would only corroborate his story if they
remain friends so it's not the type of
thing that you would do if you I don't
think if you were making up a story and
now look we're gonna get into it you
have like there's a lot of Republican
chatter about how this is eleventh-hour
move by the Democrats like at the last
minute okay but to me that's irrelevant
the only question is is it true or is it
not true so should they release it
earlier well Dianne Feinstein was
apparently trying to keep her identity
secret because she didn't want to coming
out now it's too late for that and so
maybe it would have never come out if it
wasn't for some of the other Democratic
senators etc but that's that explains
the 11th hour thing it doesn't go
towards whether it's true or not so
that's what we have to try to judge here
and you might come to a conclusion
that's inconclusive right you might say
it's 35 years ago they both have spotty
memories one side was heavily drinking
etc etc but I think that's the question
and in the very beginning when this
story first broke we asked the question
of woe if it's back in high school it's
got to be a pretty high bar to have this
effect
nation well attempted rape is has met
that bar exactly so there are things
that we've learned about Ford's past
that I think are very relevant and in
reinforcing her story so one of the main
things that an accuser gets asked is
whether or not he or she spoke to
someone in their personal life about the
attempted sexual misconduct or alleged
sexual misconduct and she hadn't spoken
to anyone in her personal life however
she and her husband did go to couples
therapy in 2012 where she opened up to a
therapist about this so let me give you
the details on that Ford said she told
no one of the incident in any detail
until 2012 again 2012 that's an
important year remember that when she
was in couples therapy with her husband
the therapists notes do not mention
Cavanaugh's name but say she was
attacked by students from an elitist
boys school who went on to become highly
respected and high-ranking members of
society in Washington so she did it's on
the record it's in the therapists notes
which were shared with the Washington
Post but there's more notes from an
individual therapy session the following
year show Ford described a rape attempt
in her late teens then there's the third
piece of it in my opinion evidence in
this case so one of the things that she
did for did when this was all happening
back in July and we had no idea about it
was she approached Washington lawyer
Deborah hatch she told her about these
allegations and so Katz responded with
everyone's gonna think you're lying
and so to deal with that inevitable
outcome ahead of time
Ford agreed to do a polygraph test and
so she took a lie-detector test and she
passed and so that is an important piece
of evidence as well however Brett
Kavanaugh is aggressively denying these
allegations when the allegations first
came up with no details included he said
I categorically and unequivocally deny
this allegation I did not do this back
in high school or at any time
and he was even asked about this by
senator Hirono from Hawaii and here's
what he had to say since you became a
legal adult have you ever made unwanted
requests for sexual favors or committed
any verbal or physical harassment or
assault of a sexual nature no have you
ever faced discipline or entered into a
settlement related to this kind of
conduct No
so he has been denying all these
allegations there were other statements
of denial that came out after this but
we'll see how this plays out right now
you have Democrats and even some
Republicans calling for a postponement
of the Senate Judiciary vote on Kavanagh
they were set to vote on his
confirmation this week on September 20th
but that is now in jeopardy considering
the detailed allegations that came out
over the weekend so Ford had married her
husband in 2002 and early in their
relationship
she told him she'd been a victim of
physical abuse and that was ten years
before they went to couples therapy and
the therapist noted it in their records
now there is something in there that
cuts in in two directions one is the
obvious one she's not she and goro
therapist the other day after Kavanagh
was appointed to be a Supreme Court
justice and they're going through the
confirmation hearings and she says all
of a sudden hey I remember Kavanagh
right no this is back in 2012 and 2013
that it's in the therapists notes now
the thing that cuts another direction is
at the time she he was already a
high-ranking judge and she was aware
according to the people including her
ex-husband that that he could be
nominated for a higher position okay
so didn't think about that for a second
now in order for you to there's two
possibilities if you're in the camp of
Kavanagh didn't do it first of all you
should check yourself as to why you're
in that camp are you in that camp
because you're positive about the
details of the story or you like his
policy positions and hence think well
I'm gonna tell things in his direction
okay because I asked myself that all the
time I've been asking him for the last
three days
as we've been covering this story about
wait who do I believe in why do I
believe them right so you would have to
think that either she was telling the
truth she just had the wrong guy and
it's 35 years ago and it was Oh Kevin or
O'Connor oh I don't know right but
that's look it's 35 years ago was in
high school it is some possibility you
could be in that camp right you could be
in the camp that this she's it's not a
thing you could fudge right it's not a
thing that's miscommunication so now I
don't want people to misunderstand this
as I talk about it so if it was a date
rape situation it would be just as bad
the kid the but in that is there would
be more room for miscommunication 35
years later I thought he meant this and
I thought she meant that that is not the
situation here she describes they don't
know each other except that they're at
this party and Kavanagh and judge are
drinking upstairs and at some point if
she is vague on the details of you
because it was a long time ago and just
consider all the factors here right she
doesn't remember how she got home
etcetera but she says though she clearly
remembers they pulled her into a room it
was basically an abduction within the
party so it leaves less room for I
thought she meant this and I thought he
meant that so this is this is dark case
here so then you have to think she made
it up because it's not a
miscommunication it's not a he-said
she-said in terms of how did that
particular night go out of that
particular day go how did that date go
okay so this is no they pulled me in the
room he pinned me down and then covered
my mouth when I started screaming okay
so now back to the therapist 2012 23rd
do you think she's a respected professor
in her field in psychology is she is
that Palo Alto college I believe they do
work with Stanford etc well respected
right she's 51 years old do you think so
I guess six years ago she would have
been 45 a 45 year old is gonna go into a
couple's Ferries therapy session about
her marriage and in
that kind of setting is gonna set up a
lie just in case this Cavanaugh guy
winds up being confirmed because she
doesn't come forward then it's not
worried about his federal judge
positions at that point it's gonna set
up a lie that might come into play six
years twelve years later in the middle
of her couples therapy trying to save
her marriage I mean and if she were to
do that wouldn't she just name him
rather than you know using a description
and by the way the polygraph test is
important the lie-detector test is
important and she is willing based on
what her lawyer says to testify before
senators to answer any questions that
they may have Brett Kavanaugh responded
by saying that he would also testify
these are all important details and look
I don't know what the truth is we don't
know without a shadow of a doubt with
the truth is we're not investigating
this case we just know the details that
have been reported that have been made
public but what I'm calling for and what
I think is a reasonable request is to
postpone this vote so a real
investigation can take place because
look anyone else who's applying for any
job any average American applied for any
average job would have to deal with some
sort of an investigation if these types
of allegations were lodged against them
or they wouldn't even have a chance at
getting that job but this is a possible
Supreme Court justice he should be held
to a higher standard because he is going
to make decisions that impact our lives
and so I think it makes all the sense in
the world to not rush through a vote so
Republicans can have their political win
let's take politics out of it for a
second and actually look into these
allegations to see if there's any truth
behind them and she has throughout all
the therapist notes etc and the
discussions she had in the past referred
it to to it as a rape attempt so it's
not an scandalous thing she made up
today to make it sound worse no that's
how she's always described it she said
that a traumatized her for years on and
her relationship and that's why I came
up in the therapy sessions her
relationship with other men etc she also
went on to say that if judge hadn't
jumped on top of there we
know what his motivations were and
they're both apparently as she describes
it incredibly drunk but if he hadn't
done that and she hadn't been gotten
loose that she was worried he might have
inadvertently killed her
that's how serious it was and by the way
how does she get away this part it it
Lisa in her account is clear she ran as
soon as they fell off the bed she
immediately ran into a bathroom unlocked
it it would not come out until she heard
them stumbling down the stairs then she
unlocked the door and ran out of the
house
okay so it is the description of the
event is very stark so you have to
believe that she made all that up six
years ago to try to frame Cavanaugh
today that's a hell of a thing to do so
and look let me just touch on the
politics real quick it's if you think
she made it up then you think it's
because of politics and now of course
the this the smears have already begun
and like legitimate things to talk about
it is she a Democrat is here a
Republican for example Roy Moore's
accusers or Republicans so in a sense
they had more credibility because they
had no political dog in the fight to
begin with right I get it and and and
the professor here has given small
amounts of Democrats before it's not
some big donor or anything like that but
okay you could take that into account so
if you think she's lying you think it's
because of politics and I get that this
would delay it and then if it's delayed
and or if Cavanaugh has to withdraw they
will not be able to get a new nominee
before the elections and as things stand
today and this is not what the Democrats
expected but as it turns out there's a
poll out today saying Democrats are
leading in Arizona and Tennessee and
Senate races that were expected to go to
Republicans which would flip the Senate
which could affect Cavanaugh or the next
judges appointment obviously remembering
what happened Erick garland and how the
Republicans blocked it for an enormous
period of time so there are those
political forces at play so if I thought
it's something that's made up I'd say
look you got to keep it real that's a
that's a consideration here with the
do something like that while I would be
skeptical right I'd look into it pretty
closely given how much this might affect
the overall seat the Supreme Court seat
but given her story it would be
extraordinary extraordinary if she was
making it up I I mean that would be
foresight and political calculation in a
field that she is not in at all in the
midst of the toughest times in her life
that would be borderline shocking and
she's already passed the polygraph test
but it looks like they're both gonna go
and testify so we'll have more
information so should they delay these
proceedings absolutely absolutely and
I'm telling you that not because ha ha
we will I want to delay it because the
political reasons I just explained it to
you so you can make up your own mind as
to what you think the political
calculations are so irrespective of that
you can't or because of that Hey the
Democrats might be able to delay if they
win the Senate etc I'm just gonna push
this guy through even though he might
have done an attempted rape at some
point it's not a sentence you want to
speak I mean that and to be fair to the
Republicans a number of them not all of
them not most of them but a couple of
them have now come out and said no we
got to hear them out and we especially
have to hear her out so that's good and
of course Democrats agree there's one
final part of this that I want to touch
on and it has to do with what you had
referenced earlier Janke about the book
that Mark judge had written so mark
judge had to go to rehab for alcoholism
and he had written about that in his
book and you know wrote extensively
about his experience drinking when he
was much younger and Deborah Katz who is
the lawyer for Ford touched on the fact
that judge had denied these accusations
but also talked about how certain things
are now missing they've been scrubbed
from the record either on social media
or otherwise pertaining to mark and what
he had said Mark judge and what he had
said about his his lifestyle and
Cavanaugh's lifestyle earlier so I want
to give you that video so you can see
what you know she has to say about it
take a look the other person who was in
the room
by the name of mark judge according to
your your client says this didn't happen
he said it's just nuts this didn't
happen your response well he's also
written three books and many many
articles and Twitter posts that have all
now been completely scrubbed from the
public domain where he acknowledges that
that was behavior that from his
Georgetown prep school days that they
routinely engaged in tremendous drinking
and really inappropriate behavior and
that the drinking was so severe that
they were blacked out regularly that's
never scrubbed
I think that's relevant I mean yeah why
are you scrubbing those things if you
have nothing to hide so we'll see if
people can find that it you can't really
erase anything on the Internet so we'll
see if they find those and it might be
just personally embarrassing things to
him that he didn't expect to the whole
world's gonna be looking at him we don't
know if it's necessarily related to
Kavanagh
but obviously erasing things at the 11th
hour is is relevant and and another
thing that's relevant here and by the
way if you care about Ford's politics
then you should care about Mike judges
politics because you know if you think
hey well if she's a Democrat that might
influence her to lie well Mike judge is
a Republican and has written for the
Daily Caller the Weekly Standard and
obviously is friends with Cavanaugh so
keep that in mind as well so last thing
from my perspective on this is remember
Ford did not want to come forward and
she went on to say through her attorneys
that she was actually thankful to find
sign that was a conversation we had on
Friday did Feinstein cover this up
because she thought it wasn't not a big
deal but that hey it's not right to
bring up accusations from high school or
it won't play well politically we were
having that conversation well it appears
that question has been settled to some
degree because Ford and her lawyers say
no no Feinstein was trying to do right
by us we didn't want to come out because
we knew we would be viciously attacked
right or wrong and that those smears
have begun so I told you tip of the
iceberg on things that aren't aren't
aren't even smears they're just about
her voting record etc but questioning
her credibility at cetera
also become begun today and apparently
afford explain to the washington post's
these are all the ills i was trying to
avoid now now that she's been exposed
cuz BuzzFeed reporters had gone in and
other reporters that started calling all
of her friends and she knew that they
were gonna they already knew who she was
and it was gonna get revealed she says
now I feel like my civic responsibility
is out weighing my anguish and terror
about retaliation so keep that in mind
too so if this was a plant from back in
2012 why did she feel this anxiety about
the anguish and terror of of having to
come forward so much so that she didn't
come forward she went to her
congresswoman Eshoo at the Feinstein she
remained anonymous with the press but
she didn't want to name herself and go
through all this stuff because she knows
what the right wing attack machine looks
like and she was been forced into the
spotlight now because of reporters are
covering who she is well that's also
relevant if it was a trap
why wouldn't you come out immediately
and say yeah got you right yeah so
there's a lot of evidence for the moment
being in the public record that seems to
indicate that she's telling the truth
it certainly she certainly in my
estimation thinks she's telling the
truth and there's good evidence to back
her up I guess the last thing that those
guys would hang their hat on is maybe
she had the wrong guy but she seems
pretty clear on who it was yeah by the
way Mike judge also does not deny that
Cavanaugh was there he just says none of
this ever happened like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
