sophie turner is one of the actresses on
HBO's Game of Thrones she is Sansa Stark
and she had some interesting two things
to say about her success in her career
recently during an interview with Porter
magazine
now she built a pretty big social media
following and she says that because of
that social media following she has
gotten roles over other actresses who
are actually more talented than she is
so here are her quote she says a lot of
what I have achieved is about timing and
luck but it is also and I hate to say it
about a big social media following she
says I auditioned for a project and it
was between me and another girl who is
far who is a far better actress than I
am far better but I had the followers so
I got the job it's not right but it is
part of the movie industry now so uh
because of Game of Thrones
she swiftly built a social media
following just to give you some numbers
with Twitter its 1.3 4 million followers
Instagram 4 point I'm sorry 5 point 4
million and with Facebook it's 2 million
so I think that's a really interesting
admission from her cuz you know I think
that most of us know that but people
don't admit it yeah
so there's a couple of things here that
are important societal trends so first
of she's let's just be clear that I
think she's also being humble because we
have no idea who's the better actress
right her the other person who
auditioned she doesn't know she's I
think she's being nice by saying that
this is a nice you know change from what
we're hearing from some of our leaders
in the u.s. now it feels shocking when
someone's humble yeah but yeah but let's
say take for granted it was she sings
actually true that the other person was
better I'm not overly surprised by that
but thing about it they're in the in
media what do you want you want more
people to watch you whether it's a movie
it's a TV show
etc so if people are already more
popular they might get more people to
watch them and why do the celebrities
get so much money in the first place
because they have more fans right so
it's not
that outrageous but and by the way her
Twitter followers and all that stuff now
is gigantic but it was already pretty
large that's why she got the job and
after that she got the job they took off
like a rocket but she already had a good
presence that's what she's talking about
on these social media platforms now the
problem is especially if you want to get
big on it you've gotta get big on it
Twitter say controversial things you
want to get big on Instagram show your
body I'm just keeping it real okay
especially me
they love my body if you want to get big
on Facebook do viral heads and of course
being a celebrity helps on all these
counts being attractive helps on all
these counts but it it does create some
wrong incentives oh absolutely yeah and
and you're right I mean if you're making
good points on social media I think it's
far less likely that it will go viral
and you're absolutely right about
Instagram which you know it is what it
is
there is a market out there for racy
photos right if you're a woman
specifically and that will build a
following a lot quicker
but it just kind of sucks look this
isn't something new as you mentioned
we've always had an issue where name
recognition outweighs the importance of
talent and in this case name recognition
is kind of solidified based on how many
followers you have on social media it
does create bad incentives and you know
interestingly enough she admits that as
well so she talked about how she used to
post political things on social media
and then she realized oh wait there are
people paying attention to what I'm
doing and some people are actually
getting offended by some of the things
I'm posting let me give you her exact
statement she said I was a 15 year old
girl writing rash political stuff that
would get a negative reaction and my
team would tell me to take it down now I
am learning to keep my mouth shut that's
kind of annoying to actually be so now
that's the other side of it like if you
want to get big on social media say
crazy things if you're already big oh my
god don't give me your real opinion
because that might offend somebody so I
think there needs to be a better
balancing act but this isn't just about
actors I have a friend who's got teenage
daughters and
all of a sudden they're taking racy
pictures why because it gets more thumbs
up and likes and stuff on Instagram so
yeah already at very young ages look if
you want to brag about how many likes
you got right or how many hearts you got
and what's gonna get you more hearts if
you have a racy picture you're such a
dad I know but it's drawing you see how
many hearts you get what is it like
don't you know where you press the heart
it's just can you see I wonder if I'm
big on Instagram nobody's interested see
mine nobody's Harding me there anyway uh
and look in the political sphere I mean
I just call it what it is right I mean
how did Tommy learn become something
she's like she's an attractive person
who says outrageous hideous things
people love to hate her
people want heels and she's a heel yeah
it's she doesn't have a lot of positive
followers she has a huge amount of
people who can't stand her you know but
you know what it did it worked it worked
as cameras followed her everywhere and
now she's like a big name for what she
actually liked was her show remember she
had a show on the blaze was it popular
no one knows no one has ever given
numbers on it right so for all we know
no one watched her right is there any
evidence that she got ratings anywhere
none right now she works for a Trump
super PAC okay what is that she's just
the paid literally paid propagandist she
has no actual credentials but she says
terrible things about black people and
everybody's like Jesus can you believe
she said that
and next thing you know she rises up all
the wrong incentives yeah it is what it
is yeah I mean look I would rather not
get as much fame I guess and say things
that I actually believe in things that I
think are actually productive as opposed
to growing a following of people that
despise me that doesn't sound fun I mean
yeah you make money off of that right
they do so whether it's an actress who
has more social media followers getting
a hugely important role are you kidding
me getting a role on Game of Thrones
that's life
right right or political pundits who by
the way will get paid either by the PACs
or for the speeches that they do and
they could command a higher speech rate
not if based on their intelligence or
their even their popularity but based on
how well they're known and if you say
terrible things you'll be better known
exact so the market rewards things that
it probably should not reward and and
that's the situation we're in look I
appreciate salsa start bringing up this
conversation and she's not the bad guy
here at all and she was wonderfully
honest about it and it is a real
phenomenon in the whole country not just
for stars helped us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
