alright here we go again Alexandra Casa
Cortez goes on CNN with Jake Tapper
I appreciate Jake Tapper before but I
guess I should stop because here he is
again before it was Medicare for all he
got caught on a so-called fact check
where he didn't actually check the facts
so I guess he's bitter about that and he
wants to attack progressives again or
much more likely is he's just an
establishment guy always has been
he probably doesn't see himself that way
at all he's probably me establishment no
no what do you do Jake what do you do
you attack progressives every single
time when we go to help the average
American how dare how can you afford
that constantly same question every time
guess what question he asked this time
how can you afford you know the programs
that you're proposing Alexandria Koster
cortes Jacob predict ahead of time next
time whether it's her or it's Bernie
Sanders or another progressive you're
gonna have the same question how can you
afford it we can't afford to help the
average American we have to keep the
programs basically as it is but when you
have Republicans on but yeah ask him how
can you just cost us one point nine
trillion dollars so first of all will
you admit ran whatever name a Republican
senator representative it doesn't matter
that you were lying the entire time you
never cared about deficits you were
admit you were lying that all the time
you talked about deficits you didn't
care cuz you just put a one point nine
trillion dollar hole in deficits you
never do that okay how can we afford it
how can we afford it all of a sudden
it's the rich we could afford it all day
long
but you know what they maybe they get
that from time to time but the question
they never ever ask how can we afford
the endless wars what you're talking
about invading Iran or ripping up a deal
with Iran John Bolton random vicious
greedy Republican how can we afford
another war the last asset a Wars cost
us several trillion dollars and what do
we get in return we got dead soldiers we
got dead civilians we got instability in
the Middle East and we got Isis how can
we afford that but you never ask him
that question whatever it's to help the
average Mary Oh college for your kids
my kids are fine I'm super rich you
can't see here because we can't afford
it
oh I just got another tax cut I can't
afford cause for my kids all day long
Medicare for all but that's what every
other civilized developed country in the
world does they do single-payer and they
all afford it in fact it costs them less
Canada pays half of what we pay for
health care how can we afford to stay in
this system Jake Tapper or anyone on CNN
have you ever asked a Republican how can
we afford this current system every
other developed country pays way way
less and gets better results how can you
afford this system you must get rid of
private insurance right away you never
ask it that way do you
this time around he makes up this
fantastical number he claims that he
took a left wing think-tank and added up
a bunch of numbers and claims that
Cortes across the earth Cortez's
proposal to cost 40 trillion dollars
it's the first time I've ever heard that
number so now we're gonna go in fact
check Jake Tapper dollars to doughnuts
that he's like double counted etc etc
etc and that if you count the same way
for the Republican programs it probably
costs 80 trillion dollars but no no no
no no when it's Republicans we play
patty cakes unless it's Donald Trump
because he's not establishment if you're
not establishment no yes yeah no we'll
go after Trump we'll go after his
corners and I appreciate that they
should go after them those guys are
terrible right but I'm not saying being
biased I'm saying be fair be fair to
progressives and conservatives know with
your establishment and your Lindsey
Graham and you say vicious things about
starting more and more wars that will
kill possibly hundreds of thousands of
people and about North Korea says that's
okay they're gonna die over there that's
what Lindsey Graham said they're gonna
die over there it's okay
and it'll cost us trillions of dollars
no you never ask never ask can we afford
that only what it helps the average an
American and look you guys gotta
understand something and maybe beyond
being too understanding of these
mainstream anchors but they genuinely
don't understand your pain and they
don't understand your frustration that
whenever you go to you
anyone ever proposes something that
helps you guys like I know we can't it's
ridiculous we can they really don't get
that they are establishment that they
are the status quo that yes those cable
news operators that are multi-billion
dollar corporations hired anchors to
make sure we never change the status quo
how do you think you got there are there
any radical anchors on CNN are there any
progressive anchors on CNN and by the
way Jake and all the rest of you voting
for Hillary Clinton does not make your
progressive pleas hilarious that's why
you would ask things like to Bernie
Sanders during debates are you really
saying that the billions of dollars that
the Hillary that the Clinton family has
taken and the Clinton Foundation and
political donations and speeches etc
that that would affect your
decision-making god damn right we're
saying it that's corruption and you
never call out the corruption and
anytime there's a progressive on all of
a sudden oh my god huh I do declare how
will we ever pay for that meanwhile how
do we pay for this corrupt status quo
that has our wages stagnating for the
last 40 years while almost all of the
gains go to the tops but they never
asked how did we pay for that
