the Trump administration has some
professionals that work there
old-school Republicans a lot of generals
and and then some new-school guys some
guys who are more internationalism
america-first
and that are do a lot of fear-mongering
around immigrants Mexicans Muslims etc
rich Higgins I think fairly qualifies in
that category here's the at the National
Security Council wow that's a really
important position in fact let me tell
you more about it it's from the Atlantic
rich Higgins a former Pentagon official
who served in the National Security
Council's strategic planning office as a
director of strategic planning was let
go on July 21st so the good news is he's
fired already
now I'm going to show you why he's fired
and keep in mind that his job was
director for strategic planning that is
a super important security position and
listen to his theories on what's going
on in the world quote globalist and
Islamists recognize that for their
visions to succeed America both as an
ideal and as a national and political
identity must be destroyed so this is a
memo he wrote inside the National
Security Council it appears based on the
reporting we have his national security
adviser HR McMaster saw this and was
like son what are you talking about who
are these so-called Globus globalist and
where's your evidence that they're
working with Islamists so the memo
continues Islamist ally with cultural
Marxists because as far back in the
1980s they properly assess to the left
as a strong chance of reducing Western
civilization to its benefit what now
these guys are absolutely insane back in
the 1980s radical Muslims made a deal
with Marxist
to undermine Western civilization
including the United States first of all
what Marxist well we're the Marxists in
power in America were you even referring
to and why would the left make a deal
with Islamic radicals who don't believe
in any of the civil rights that the Left
believes in
that would be maniacal but you see the
thing is guys like Rich Higgins can't
tell the difference between a radical
Muslim terrorist and a Muslim he thinks
why already said Muslim but hey know it
so a progressive would say should a
Muslim American have the same rights as
other Americans the answer that is of
course all Americans are 100% American
obviously we should all have the same
rights we believe in equality if on the
other hand you said would you like to
work with a Muslim radical who would
like to kill gay people oppress women
and generally bomb our civilization the
answer would be no not interested in
that those are hideous and the exact
opposite of progressive positions but
Higgins has got a he's got it all
figured out of the secret conspiracy but
dude you're at the National Security
Council where's your evidence where's
your evidence
um do I need evidence yes you need
evidence your job is to protect America
when you're not on a blog anymore okay
you need actually do a job where we
spend resource in the right direction
and we solve things and we prevent
terrorist attacks and we protect this
country where's your evidence mean
indeed yeah shocking that he couldn't
find evidence of Marxist and Muslims
working together since the 1980s so what
is this all a big part of he claims it's
part of a hold for this a Maoist
insurgency model what the fuck are you
talking about how is it sir yeah well
the country is littered with MAOIs if
there's one thing I know about America
it's filled to the room with malice I
don't know man maybe I'm not running in
the right circle but I am now been in
the progressive camp for quite some time
I've never been running to a Maoist let
alone a--
that was insurgent who's like i got a
great idea
we take amount was and the month of
radicals and the marxist and new hahaha
we launched a conspiracy even though
none of us agree with each other
whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo okay there's one
last one because the left is a line
Higa's explains because the left is
aligned with Islamist organizations
local national and international levels
recognition should be given to the fact
that they seamlessly interoperate
through coordinated synchronized
interactive narratives okay where is the
one example of a coordinated narrative
between Muslim radicals and progressives
who want the exact opposite thing well
if they've got it for example if they
have a coordinated narrative on LGBT
rights boy they're doing a great job of
hiding it one side is not at all in
favor of LGBT rights to say relief and
the other side is completely in favor of
it you see how they are in fact
interconnected through the Maoist
insurgency model so I guess in a
roundabout way I'm going to give credit
to the Trump administration here because
they at least fired this jackass
so the Trump guys put them in at least
McMaster was smart enough to go hey
listen nut job we're trying to do a real
work here okay we're trying to protect
the country you obviously have no
evidence of a so-called Maoist
insurgency led by Marxists and Muslims
so here's the new model you should look
into unemployment because that's what
you're going to need to do because
you're fired
hey we found a Trump firing that makes
sense
mission accomplished
if you remember of the young turks you
not only get the whole to our Young
Turks show on demand anytime you want ad
free but you also get so many other
shows old school you'll love it
aggressive progressive for guys who are
true progressives now also nerd alert
for gaming intact what to flip for movie
reviews you will love it check it out
right now at TYT Network comm slash join
