Donald Trump has just announced a
vacation now before I tell you how long
it is
let me quote Donald Trump this is of
course before he became president he
said I would rarely leave the White
House because there's so much work to be
done I would not be a president who took
vacations I would not be a president
that takes time off you don't have to
take time off and that was easy for that
loudmouth to say when he was a president
he was criticizing Barack Obama okay
now that he is president non-stop golf
in fact I'll tell you how much in a
second but he just announced his
vacation you know how long it's going to
be three weeks I would never take time
off who needs our vacations very
important work oh come on I've done Low
Energy I'm running out of energy here
right I gotta go take a three-week
vacation that's free week make ancient
in the 15 years that I've been doing The
Young Turks I've never taken a
three-week vacation because there's a
lot of work to be done he's the
president okay but now let's get to the
hypocrisy back in the day this is back
in 2012 he tweeted President Barack
Obama's vacation is costing taxpayers
millions of dollars unbelievable okay so
you know even before this official
three-week vacation he was constantly
going down tomorrow Lago you know how
much those cost this is an unofficial
estimate from the New York Times sorry
Los Angeles Times three hundred thousand
dollars per trip just on secret service
costs that does not include the the
Coast Guard that goes protected does not
include the local governments cost these
things add up tremendously I want to
play golf I'm stressed out on low-energy
I've got to go play golf cost you three
hundred thousand dollars that's not my
problem
okay back in the day here is in in
Obama's administration he said President
Obama is about to embark on a 17 day
vacation in his quote native Hawaii such
a jackass anyway putting Secret Service
away from families on Christmas Aloha
okay what in the middle of the summer
when the Secret Service could be with
their families you're making them go
away for three weeks I've heard you're
Donald Trump this apocrypha knows no
bounds
all right we're not done yet
Media on the facts faith gates wrote
this at the seventies presidency
President Barack Obama had only played
11 rounds of golf while Trump has played
21 so what happened with the golfing is
terrible I can't believe Obama's doing
it now again faith gates that mediates
that explains context although this is
his first official vacation Trump has
spent 43 of his 193 days in office at
one of his 17 golf courses
that's not 43 days off out of 193 that's
43 days specifically playing golf and
then there are other days off oh I would
never take vacation I would work so hard
I can't believe Obama's taking time off
I think I can't believe he's playing
golf like this this is outrageous
okay more from this back in the day he
said about a woman can you believe with
all the problems and difficulties facing
the u.s. President Obama spent the day
playing golf
worse than Carter that was back in 2014
I guess since you've played a golf tour
that's us it's stunning 43 I haven't
played golf 43 times in my life okay 43
times as he's been president
I guess you're way worse than Carter way
worse by the way Carter was a in a lot
of ways a great president you should
actually read the history on it or maybe
google it a piece of the Middle East the
deal between Israel Egypt Carter did it
anyways Barack Obama played golf
yesterday he goes on to say that back in
the day now he has a ten-day vacation at
Martha's Vineyard nice work I think well
if that ten-day vacation indicated poor
work ethic I guess your 17 day vacation
at a minimum is a horrible work ethic
just keeping it in context and finally
Trump in his book think like a
billionaire says don't take vacations
what's the point if you're not enjoying
your work you're in the wrong job indeed
indeed and finally just a fun little
video for you guys you remember when
Trump said this to Hillary Clinton
perhaps it was a little bit of
projection watch she doesn't have the
stamina I said she doesn't have the
stamina and I don't believe she does
have the stamina to be president of this
country
you need tremendous stamina you have so
many different things you have to be
able to do and I don't believe that
Hillary has this stamina if you're
taking a three-week vacation after
having played 43 days of golf
54 only six months on the job there's
some chance that you don't have the
stamina you don't have the stamina for
the job how you always knew that guy was
Low Energy Young Turks Young Turks
membership creates independent media
believe me no ads believe me all the
show believe me on demand believe me
support independent media believe me
it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me and
by the end you'll be thinking you know
like a smart person TYT Network comm
/join
