it appears that the Justice Department
is now targeting universities that
implement affirmative action as a way of
admitting students into their
institutions now this was a report by
the Washington Post where they realized
that there was an interesting government
job listing for lawyers so the project
will be based out of the department's
Civil Rights Division which is now
looking for lawyers interested in
working on quote investigations and
possible litigation related to
intentional race-based discrimination in
college and university admissions the
official said that the project will not
operate out of the civil rights
divisions educational opportunities
section where career justice attorneys
oversee cases on universities but
instead in the front office of the
division so they're not gonna work with
you know the experts that usually deal
with civil rights issues within these
institutions they're gonna go ahead and
hire outside lawyers to come in and to
essentially target universities that
implement affirmative action so I'm
against affirmative action so we'll have
that conversation in a second but but
understand why they are hiring those
private contractors because they're like
career staffers that work in civil
rights are not going to go and in their
opinion hurt civil rights so they're
like that's not what we do and this is
not like protecting white civil rights
when whites have enormous power in this
country is not a civil rights issue it's
like it's like saying oh I'll use Turkey
as an example if you want to protect
Kurdish civil rights that makes sense
because Kurds are a minority in Turkey
saying you're gonna protect Turkish
civil rights against the Kurds makes no
sense because the Turks are a huge
majority and control the government in
all levers of power do you see what I'm
saying so that's the same situation here
now it doesn't mean that every white
person is doing great
of course it doesn't mean that but it's
not like poor white people they're being
oppressed and hence neither
civil rights protected now that doesn't
mean that you can't agree with the Trump
administration on affirmative action
which in some ways as a result I do okay
but I'm just talking about how they're
applying civil rights right exactly I
mean they're essentially using you know
a civil rights component of the federal
government turning it on its head and
using it against minorities which I mean
I I don't know if Steve Bannon is behind
this but it's just in my opinion reeks
of Steve Bannon but yes I want to be
clear yeah don't worry about Steve
Madden because either way this is fits
in exactly what their theme in the last
two weeks after health care proposal
died bass bass bass will do
anti-immigration stuff will do
anti-trans anti-gay and now will target
minorities on the issue of affirmative
oh and just to be clear even if Steve
Bannon isn't involved in this this is
coming from the Justice Department Jeff
Sessions you know so I think I think
it's clear we we know what the
intentions are here now two people
familiar with the internal discussions
at the Justice Department Civil Rights
Division said that the move came after
career staffers who specialized in
education issues refused to work on the
project out of concerns it was contrary
to the offices long-running approach to
civil rights and education opportunities
as a result political leadership within
the department decided to run the effort
themselves thus looking for outside
lawyers to come in and fight this now
there are other individuals who are
studying this particular attempt to
target these colleges and they're saying
look this is really a way of
intimidating these universities and and
scaring them and so I'm uncertain how
far they're planning on really going
when it comes to this but what I do know
is that you know there seems to be like
a complete misunderstanding of what
affirmative action does I think that
there are people who think college
admissions you know people who work in
college admissions will see a black
student and they'll be like oh I mean
you're failing at everything but since
you're black we're gonna go ahead and
admit you over the white student that's
not how it works
someone's race or cultural heritage is
one
many factors that play a role in their
decisions in terms of who they admit and
who they don't and one of the things
that colleges try to do if these
colleges decide to implement affirmative
action is create an environment that is
diverse that's representative of of
America that way you're not in a in a
you know in an institution that is just
full of one particular demographic so
the Supreme Court has ruled that
diversity is a legitimate factor to
consider among many factors it cannot be
the only factor in admissions and so and
diversity isn't just to help
african-americans or Latinos it is to
help everyone at the college to get a
more rich experience from from that from
going to college so you can be
well-rounded individual so that that's
the I wouldn't done a through the Civil
Rights Division I think that's purposely
insulting and and I agree with the
Supreme Court that it of course could be
one of the factors that people looking
to me personally politically I think
that affirmative action is at this point
I don't say wrong wrongs are not the
correct word it's it's now
counterproductive okay so it was
absolutely necessary at a time when
there was no way for African Americans
to break into tradition the roles that
were handed down through the generations
through families whether it was legacy
admissions and colleges or a lot of blue
collar jobs where you know you'd get
your son a job as a longshoreman if you
were a longshoreman etc so that's why
information was needed at one point but
now it Rob's legitimacy of minorities
for all their achievements so every time
someone achieves who's a minor they must
have been affirmative action yes they
totally misunderstand what affirmative
action is but I think that I'm worried
that's toxic well okay so let me respond
to that okay with a quote that I think
is is brilliant but doesn't get enough
credit haters are gonna hate
right and so the people who are gonna
whine and complain about that and
and criticize minorities who are
actually succeeding in life are gonna
whine and complain anyway so if we live
our lives worried about the critics and
what they're gonna say well then we're
not gonna get anything done right and so
I want to I want to be clear about one
thing look I I would be more in favor of
doing away with affirmative action if
people in America were actually on a
level playing field so let's start with
grade school a lot of public school
districts throughout the country are
funded primarily through property taxes
we live in segregated neighborhoods
minorities are more likely to live in a
lower socioeconomic status and live in
poor neighborhoods that underfund these
schools and so they don't start off at a
level playing field okay so if things
were equal then I'd say all right look
we live you know in a magical world of
equality now and so as a result we all
have a fair shot and and affirmative
action is no longer needed but I don't
think we live in that world I don't
think we're even close okay now I don't
wanna make the mistake and coulter
didn't try to debate you let me
introduce two important caveats that are
that if I need to be part of the
conversation so when I say affirmative
action I mean based on race I would do
affirmative action based on
socioeconomic conditions because if
you're a poor kid in the Logan West
Virginia and you're white but man it is
you you don't have books to take home
you don't have you're packed inside the
schools and if it and you don't have so
much of the resources that a rich family
in Beverly Hills might have or Manhattan
okay and you still got good grades you
still got great SAT scores well that
shows me I'm not doing affirmative
action because I want to tilt the scales
in your favor I'm doing affirmative
action to realize how amazing a job you
did in the context that you are born
into so whether they're white or they're
black or Latino I don't care but I do
care that if you've overcome tough
socio-economic positions i want i think
they should look at that they'd be crazy
not to look i absolutely agree with you
and and final point that i want to make
you see admissions yeah how about we
talk about that okay oh so your daddy
went to this University
I don't give a fuck okay that shouldn't
be a reason why you get white people
never talk about that right you never
hear them complain about that to me
that's a bigger issue than affirmative
action right just because Papa went to
this university doesn't mean that you
get an easier opportunity getting into
the school okay let me tell you about
how bad legacy admissions are that was
gonna be my second caveat so at first I
used to think legacy admissions were a
small percentage of the admissions it
turns out that's not true I have friends
who work in college admissions now and
it is huge so for example I want my kids
to go to schools that I I went to but
that's not fair that they get to have an
advantage in applying to those schools
because they happen to randomly be my
kids as opposed to some poor kid in the
middle of Kansas working his ass off and
and he should get an equal shot he
should and again you should reward how
well he did give it a situation and and
you know what you want to know why make
college just care so much about legacy
admissions is amazing
it turns out the number one indicator or
whether you'll donate to a school is if
two generations of your family went to
that school that's right because it's
all about the money Lebowski so that's
why but yet in these conversations about
affirmative action legacy admissions
never come up and that's grossly unfair
and that's not based on someone as a
disadvantage or not a disadvantage
that's if you have an advantage they
give you a bigger advantage so it is so
be intellectually honest about this and
and then we can have a legitimate
conversation that I'm hoping we have on
the issue of affirmative action and
finally on affirmative action I want you
to know what the real effects are so
California ended affirmative action so
we the juries in they ended it in the
mid 1990s and so minority enrollment did
go down for african-americans and
Latinos as an example at UCLA Hispanic
enrollment had peaked the 16.1% in 1995
and went down to 12 and a half percent
by just 2000 so they lost 4% there but
in that
sixteen percent that's obviously a
significant percentage but they want to
know the most interesting part the thing
that went down the most was white
enrollment it went for example at the
University of California San Diego in
1990 a white enrollment was 57 percent
by 2005 it had dropped to 33% from 57 to
33 you want to know why did we with the
whites blacks and Latinos dropped well
who's taking all the positions Asians so
it is true that it affirmative action
discriminates against Asians it does and
but the number one benefactor especially
in raw numbers from affirmative from
affirmative action is white Americans so
I don't know if that's why the Supreme
Court turned around was like you know
what affirmative action not so bad
because earlier they'd ruled against it
maybe they saw these numbers like wait
wait wait wait let's bring back
affirmative action because apparently
white folks really really need it so if
you're just all I'm saying is be careful
what you wish for
