okay queuing ons gotten bad a band from
reddit they've gotten banned from a lot
of other places but the revit thing just
happened a little while ago just a
little bit earlier in the week and the
reason for it is they were threatening
people and they were putting up their
addresses and ways to find them should
they get banned for that of course of
course issues you think yeah bad for
their opinions absolutely not
should they be banned for being
right-wing I guess I mean they're so
crazy I can't even put him anywhere on
the spectrum but should they be banned
for that of course not right and you
could have any conspiracy you like but
don't threaten people it's that's a
layup for any company to ban you right
so but you're I'm trying to have a
rational conversation with people who
are inherently irrational they believe
these insane things so here's an
interesting part it they of course from
day one apparently and this is amazing
thought that Robert Muller was a white
hat meaning that he was actually working
to expose a coup against Donald Trump
and at the end he would arrest all of
trumps enemies like Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama the degree to which you
have to be mental to believe that is
just through the roof inexplicably high
right anyway part of the theory was and
Q would release these things and he's
supposed to be an insider within the
deep state etc and he's like and so
Cohen will will you know not work with
the prosecutors and will not be
prosecuted and manna fort will not be
convicted
oops oops oops prosecutors left and
right they're convicted metaphors in
prison none of that happen my question I
guess is are they completely impervious
to facts and as I say the question the
answer becomes obvious of course of
course they are but like when they're
series here proven obviously clearly
wrong do they just pause for a second
ago huh I wonder if I'm full of crap
or I wonder if he's full of crap and
maybe I got led down the wrong road here
or are they like huh obviously the
I had turned around it's still white but
has a new route word shows that if Cohen
and man afford to work with prosecutors
and are convicted unlike what he said it
actually means he's right probably that
it's some crazy way I mean look Alex
Jones and all the crazy right-wing
conspiracy theorists said that Obama was
gonna put everybody in FEMA camps mmm
they remain completely unfeminist stop
believing any of the things other things
that were said nope so how do you have a
conversation with people who don't speak
logic it were speaking a completely
different language we're trying to talk
to them with a reason and logic and
they're talking back with but what if it
was the cup in front of you
all right anyway for now they're banned
all over the place not everywhere but a
lot of outlets now including Reddit
