an anti immigrant group in Norway left
some pretty interesting comments on a
photo that featured what appeared to be
women sitting at a bus okay so this anti
immigrant group on Facebook is known as
fatherland first it sounds great and
they're known to be anti-immigrant and
look they've had you know an increase of
immigrants coming into their country
refugees coming into their country as a
result of some of the unsettling things
happening in the Middle East so of
course naturally you're gonna have some
people who are not happy about that
these individuals represent that group
now someone decided to play a little bit
of a prank and posted this picture onto
the Facebook page and if you just
quickly glanced at it I think maybe you
might be able to see a group of women
sitting on a bus wearing burkas I think
if you look half a second longer you can
just see that their seats right oh I
just feel that there was these I thought
they'd put dummies in place so they're
just empty seats and so someone who has
access to the group decided to post the
picture and and said that you know what
do people think of this you know and and
the response was expected one person
writes it looks really scary should be
banned by the way Norway is considering
legislation that would ban headdresses
like the burqa and niqab you can never
know who's under there could be
terrorists with weapons well not to be
fair it doesn't look like anybody
sitting in those empty seats but that's
why they could be ghosts and ghosts
could be friendly like you the Friendly
host Kasper okay or it could be a
malicious ghost it could be a terrorist
ghost you never know you never know
so yeah this prankster basically said
you know I laid out the photo to see
what happened he got the kind of
response that he expected and he said I
ended up having a good laugh so guys
here's the situation
I don't like burkas but that's like my
opinion man and when I see a woman in a
burqa I wish that she would get liber8
and that's and I want to help free her
but I don't want to do that by hating
her you see how ironic that is I want to
do that by trying to get our message out
more that that there's a honestly a
culture that that works better for women
and for everyone involved that being
free is is the better way to go now I am
in that case against all the religions
so for evangelicals here in America you
know all the things oh he can't do this
and you can't do that and New Yor
there's people doing it that are against
porn just attendant you do whatever you
want leave us alone and by the way if
you're not watching porn I'd like to
liberate YouTube okay and and you're
needlessly oppressing yourselves with
these ancient ridiculous cultures that
are way outdated now but turning your
fury against them makes no sense
right yeah so like I think I think
turning your fury against them is it's
it's basically a symptom of like a
common problem that I'm seeing not just
in Norway so I'm not trying to criticize
Norway we have this problem in the u.s.
- where people react to things that they
find unusual or scary without just
stopping us think about it for a second
so for instance this photo right if
people learn to react to it right away
look how it looks scary but like just
take a second to really like process it
take a second to really think about it I
think that's what I want to say so look
I get it okay
I totally understand that if you are
living in a country where seeing women
wearing burkas is is unusual it's gonna
be super unsettling - all of a sudden
notice that there are women wearing
burkas all around you you're not used to
it and so I don't wanna you know I don't
want to be too harsh against them
because I think any normal human being
would feel the same way but just give
yourself a second to really process it
and think about why it is you feel that
way and why do you feel threatened and
is that person really a threat and it's
an even outside of issues pertaining to
refugees and Muslims look I'm guilty of
this too sometimes I react to
quickly sometimes I need to stop and
really think about it before I have a
response or reaction and that's that's
okay it's okay if you hesitate and you
think about it before reacting yeah and
this if prank is great because it does
give you kind of a Rorschach test into
your perceptions right so people who
don't see any problem saw empty seats
people who are afraid of Muslims saw
burkas and I saw dummies because I got
triggered by the word right-wing and I
thought it must be dummies okay all
right no in all seriousness in all
seriousness look it's not just about
Muslims like for Muslims I want to help
them and one of the great compliments I
got at the end of one of the shows of
live shows that we did so Muslim woman
who came up to me and said that we gave
her the courage to to not follow that
traditions that she felt were oppressing
her and she's now it feels free and that
feels amazing that we got that done but
I feel just as good when people who were
Evangelic will come out and say hey you
know what I was gay or I wasn't I was
just like there's all these rules and
the rules don't make any sense and I
feel free now right and if you're a
right-wing evangelical kid out there and
you got all this propaganda in your head
no sex is bad porn is bad take a load
off well maybe literally it's okay
but part of liberating people isn't
hating them right exactly
one one quick thing that I want to say
in regard to women wearing burkas in in
like Western cultures so look I think
it's interesting because you usually
bring up the point that hey you know it
oppresses them and you want to liberate
them so they can finally take it off and
wear what they really want to wear but I
just we get pushed back when we make
that comment for Muslim women who do
live in free societies and they want to
wear the burka or the niqab or whatever
here at heterozygote okay but here's the
thing so I thought about it in my own
context because a couple of years ago
there was this uber progressive guy who
started getting on me because I like to
wear heels and he was just like you
totally bought into the patriarchy why
are you wearing high heels
shouldn't be wearing high heels you're
torturing yourself just so you can you
know appease the patriarchy this and
that and I'm like no I actually really
like wearing heels like you guys never
see my shoes I have no reason to wear
heels but I wear heels often at work
because they make me feel powerful they
make me feel you know taller they make
me stand straighter and I just like it I
like wearing feminine clothes it makes
me feel nice and beautiful whatever it
is and so it's it was super insulting to
me to have that guy tell me that I've
been brainwashed by the patriarchy when
in reality I'm doing something that I
genuinely enjoyed it makes me feel good
and so I think there might be Muslim
women out there that feel that way about
you know the way they dress and I don't
know it's just it's it's an
uncomfortable issue because you don't
know what they're thinking or what
they're feeling okay so when you said
you guys don't see my shoes 28 percent
of the male audience but why not okay
anyway I want to talk more about this in
a postgame okay because I actually I
kind of disagree with what you just said
and I think it's a really interesting
conversation but a longer conversation
so let's do that in the postgame tea
white tea network.com /join and and
we'll take it up there okay because I
think that people get brainwashed into
doing the things that they do and they
genuinely think they want to do it but
what does that mean is it actually
genuine that's the conversation we'll
have in the postgame after the show
