Donald Trump complains about fake news
quite a bit and so as a result he has
decided to roll out his own version of
fake news on social media so uh since he
likes to employ his family members he
has decided to hire Laura Trump who's
Eric Trump's wife to do a propaganda
show on Facebook oh great and so the
first video was recently released and it
is awesome let's show it to you I bet
you haven't heard about all the
accomplishments the president had this
week because there's so much fake news
out there we wanted to give you a
glimpse into his week first up this week
let's talk about the president's salary
again the president has donated his
salary his second quarter salary has now
been donated to the Department of
Education again this is a president who
is putting America before himself I am
so proud of that jobs jobs jobs the
unemployment rate is at the lowest point
it has been since 2001 that is quite an
incredible fact again we saw the Dow hit
an all-time high this week the stock
market is up the economy is booming
ladies and gentlemen and speaking of
jobs Foxconn is a company who has
promised up to 13,000 new manufacturing
jobs in Wisconsin the president also met
with some incredible veterans this week
in Ohio giving his thanks to them for
their service to our country also this
week the president got to meet with ice
and NYPD officers to talk about cracking
down on ms-13 gangs thanks for joining
us everybody I'm Laura Trump and that is
the real news it's missing a little
something that that the Trump folks had
when they were doing it during the
primaries a guy in the back babies that
would have be the show infinitely better
yeah um you know there was there were a
few things that she missed so all right
I don't even know if it's been verified
that Trump is donated his second quarter
salary to the education department but
she missed like one little cow
yet to that which is the fact that
Trump's budget proposal includes a nine
point two billion dollar cut to the
department Oh weird is that big news
because it came from Trump
okay so let's grant her that it's
correct
okay and it's a marketing ploy and a
good one ed Trump is giving away his
salary so that's $100,000 in that
quarter that goes hundred thousand into
the Department of Education nine point
two billion not million billion out of
the education department and you're
bragging about you know what you're
doing for the education department so
and and the whole premise is look by the
way I'm about to defend it in a second
too so that's fun but the whole premise
is preposterous now you know you all saw
that fake news out there no wait a
minute he did fire Reince Priebus that's
not fake that he fired him he no longer
works there and they screw she admits
that he said all those things that Ryan
Lizza about all the different genitalia
that people are fellating throughout the
White House okay and then score uchi was
fired like we didn't do that you guys
did that and there's nothing vague about
it and so they're constant refer
reference to the facts as fake news
again I know like you got to be a
special breed of Magha to be like I know
that isn't true but I don't care like I
don't
yeah I don't care about the truth I
don't care about facts they're not
remotely interesting to me if I see
facts I'll call it fake news because I
like propaganda okay all right then fine
you're in that category but all those
things did happen in the real world
okay now the part that I'm going to
defend them on is I don't mind them
putting out their own version of stuff
and and making their own case I actually
to be honest think Obama should have
done it more so like now they're
factually challenged here on the
Department of Education on the
unemployment numbers of the economy is
booming why do you think that is you
think was it not booming and Trump came
in office and he turned it around right
away and you show me the different
programs he used to turn around no it
was already booming when he came in for
example when Obama came into office we
were losing 800,000 jobs a month because
Bush had destroyed
our economy I'm told supply-side
economics works anyway it didn't seem to
work when it pulverized jobs in America
Obama turned that around and started
adding jobs at a very significant pace
now I don't think look I got issues with
that and I think that all the jobs don't
pay enough but if you're looking down
employment numbers Obama did a great job
on that hand it off to Trump what has
Trump done almost nothing about that so
now he says all the things I got handed
by Obama that are that I want to excuse
for oh I haven't figured out what to do
with North Korea but that was Obama
I can't believe Obama left that mess
behind right iraq-afghanistan Obama
Obama the economy you know he didn't
leave that he didn't leave that that was
me that was me right now so there he's
not right about that but Obama didn't do
something like this he wasn't aggressive
at all so his success in with the
unemployment numbers and and the economy
etc he would whisper now I don't think
he should have put malaya out there or
some other Obama out there I don't know
if that's how you pronounce any way to
do this kind of stuff and to do it in
kind of an amateur hacky way but I wish
Obama had for the progressive positions
he cares about if he cared about them
had gone on a much more thorough
campaign to argue for them to fight for
them I would have brought in charts I
would have done explanations I do it
every single week if I was that you know
if I was advising the president make
your case so in this case they're trying
to make their case yes it's filled with
a lot of misinformation and annoying
rhetoric but I don't begrudge the effort
overall so I don't know what you think
about this or what Americans think about
this but if if I feel like if I I would
never want to be President but if I were
ever president um White House press
secretary sit down
okay I'll baby use you once in a while
if I'm super busy but I can't and I
can't talk to people but I want I want
to do the press conference and I want to
do a press conference every week where I
lay out what's going on in the country
right the fact that we have the
president do like the state of the
nation speech every once in a while it
drives me crazy no no you should be
doing stay in the nation speeches every
week
if you want transparency we should hear
from the president stop hiring like a
freaking gigantic bureaucratic
communications department okay I don't
want to hear from some Schmo that worked
as a PR agent in the past I want to hear
from you make your case yeah so I don't
know I feel like that would be a better
way to handle it um in terms of this
like propaganda stuff on social media
sure I mean I would again I think it's
much more effective in the form of a
press conference that's televised for
the American people
yeah funny though we did note earlier in
the show they decided that they would
not fund in a gym a campaign to spread
the counter misinformation coming from
Isis and Russia but they are apparently
do have the time to do a misinformation
campaign that helps them here so uh
fighting Isis a pain in the ass Russia
we don't want to make them angry but
wait a minute propaganda will you do
that okay so and again I say propaganda
but look Obama did a I think he used to
do the YouTube thing every week so
everybody's you know our side calls it
information their side calls the
propaganda and vice-versa again so
bottom line on this is that I don't mind
that they're trying this is we should be
a little bit more honest about it
right if you like The Young Turks you'll
love Young Turks membership TYT Network
comm /join
