often times when it comes to dictators
they will talk about how everyone loves
them how they usually score perfectly in
sports and bowling and how they're just
loved by everyone well um it's scary
when you think about the fact that Trump
thinks of himself in the same way and I
have two examples to point to just to
prove my point
so recently Donald Trump claimed that he
got a little bit of I guess a compliment
when it came to his immigration policies
from the President of Mexico here's what
he claimed okay he said as you know the
border was a tremendous problem and
they're close to 80% stoppage and even
the President of Mexico called me they
said their border their southern border
very few people are coming because they
know they're not going to get through
our border which is the ultimate
compliment so Trump made that statement
okay so transition yeah did president
Nieto call him and and maybe they like
their friends now up no the Mexican
foreign ministry released a statement
saying that Nieto has not recently
spoken to President Donald Trump over
the telephone so the Trump
administration was asked about this
what's going on seems like there's a
little bit of a discrepancy here and
they responded by saying yeah okay so we
can see that he didn't call the
president
call call him but I think can you rule
out telepathic powers you of course not
right I mean it could be it could be
maybe they spoke at a previous life yeah
so Huckabee Sanders said that they had
an in-person conversation in Germany
during the g20 summit no they didn't
okay so he's a pathological liar he
can't help himself that's what I mean by
pathological he he he must lie at all
times so now my guess and I know some
folks like there's no one to the extreme
that Donald Trump is but when they don't
need to right and what they'll do is
they'll conflate things so he probably
had a conversation with Nieto back when
he met with him a long time ago right
maybe even during the campaign and the
intro at some point probably talked
about their southern border in a way to
empathy
with trumpet say hey look we also have a
problem on our southern border and
probably talking about the economy and
how that's being affected etc Trump's
like got it and then so when they asked
him about it he's like wow our borders
doing so great that's why the because
prop Mexico actually is tough around
their southern border and a lot of
conservatives point to that as a
hypocrisy on Mexico's part that's an
interesting point so he probably bragged
about that and so Trump was like you see
that there's southern borders fine now
because of me and he told me how great I
am none of the rest of that average hey
and and he still can't get it through
his head that back when he was not
president
nobody double-checked the lies that he
put out there non-stop remember when he
would pretend to be his own PR person
and call in to like page six of the New
York Post he's such a petty child anyway
he's like oh you know I just heard from
sources that Madonna didn't turn down
Donald Trump Donald Trump turned down
Madonna wait aren't you down with Trump
no I'm Jason Baron or whatever
hey so he's been doing this stick for a
long time he's such a goofball
all right so there's one example and you
might think I whatever not a big deal
okay well there's another example what
all happened in the same week so as you
all know Donald Trump gave that speech
to the Boy Scouts Jamboree event and it
was more like a rally it became very
political very divisive rhetoric coming
from him and a lot of people were upset
and as a result the Boy Scouts
eventually finally released a statement
apologizing for that speech and saying
that they regret that it became so
political well Donald Trump doesn't see
it that way during an interview he said
as evidence of how enthusiastic the Boy
Scouts were about his speech Trump
claimed that he quote got a call from
the head of the Boy Scouts saying it was
the greatest speech that was ever made
to them and they were very thankful come
on man it's not if you're not calling in
to page six
we can check we could just call them and
ask them if you called we can look at
the White House logs oftentimes whether
it's visitors or phone calls
everybody's watch
what are you gonna figure that out and
he's like Oh dogs make stuff up don't
never figure it out this he's so
painfully stupid let alone liar
well Time magazine did want to check up
on this and here's what they found they
reported that a representative of the
Boy Scouts of America said they're
unaware of any call recently made by
national leadership to the White House
in fact three days after Trump gave his
speech three days after Trump gave his
speech they said they did apologize that
was from Michael sir Baugh who is the
chief Scout executive for the Boy Scouts
of America
he said the Trump's political rhetoric
at the Jamboree was something worth
apologizing for and then he added that
he sincerely regrets the politics that
politics were inserted into the scouting
program so not only did they not say it
was a greatest speech ever
they actually apologized to the Boy
Scouts who heard it because Trump did
something wrong and an injected
political rhetoric into a speech that
should have had any politics into it but
look you know even if you're Magga you
know that as soon as he said or they
called me called me and told me that it
was the greatest speech they'd ever
heard you know that they he did they
didn't say that I don't care what you
claim you know that somebody didn't call
and say oh my god President Trump that
rambling weird speech that you gave even
if Magga dudes liked it was like filled
to the rim with political rhetoric for
to 11 and 17 year-olds greatest speech
ever by the way this is an interesting
phone okay liar buffoon sad baby support
independent media come join us at the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
