after nearly a week Donald Trump has
finally signed sanctions against Russia
and those sanctions also include
countries like North Korea and Iran but
some were speculating that since Russia
was included in the sanctions Trump has
been a little bitter about it and keep
in mind that Congress went out of its
way to vote in such large numbers in
favor of these sanctions that Trump
won't be able to veto it
so Trump signed the bill after it passed
Congress last week and landed on his
desk on Friday the White House later
released a statement announcing that
Trump signed the bill though the
president remained sharply critical of
it in fact he said the following in
regard to this bill my administration
particularly expects the Congress to
refrain from using this flawed bill to
hinder our important work with European
allies to resolve the conflict in
Ukraine and from using it to hinder our
efforts to address any unintended
consequences it may have for American
businesses our friends or our allies now
just to give you an idea of the vote the
house did pass these sanctions with a
419 to 3 vote on Tuesday and then the
Senate passed it with a 98 to 2 vote on
Thursday setting up a majority that
could override a presidential veto so
basically he didn't have a choice
even if he vetoed the bill he just would
have been embarrassed they would have
repass it in overwhelming majorities and
then he he would have gotten the
downside of people saying we knew it you
want to work with the Russians and the
bill would have passed anyway so this
way he says no no I'm fine I'll sign it
never choice but he adds a signing
statement saying but I reserve the right
to not follow it so this is why it's
important to be consistent on policy
issues guys in ideology so I hated when
Bush did the signing statements and when
Obama did him I said it's a terrible
idea don't continue that precedent
because it's basically the president
going the law that Congress just passed
and I signed is like your opinion man
right I might or might not follow it and
so now that
Obama left that door open Trump's likes
thank you very much I'll walk right
through that door and say about this
bill yeah since I don't know choice I'm
gonna sign it but I hate it
and I'm not necessarily gonna follow it
great yeah and also keep in mind you
know just to add on to the fact that he
hates it so much usually when he signs
anything into law he has these big like
events right what is it called the
signing ceremony yeah oh yeah shows
literally like that everybody take
pictures if you like this video you
probably like independent media the best
way to support independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
aam /join
