The Breakfast Club a radio show in New
York is known for being provocative and
edgy and recently the show got a lot of
criticism after they invited little
Duval on to their program he is a
comedian and they had a conversation
about Donald Trump's transgender ban in
the military and unfortunately that
topic snowballed into something that was
irresponsible and offensive to say the
least
now a little Duval was asked what he
thought about Trump's transgender ban
and he didn't really seem to care about
it much so let's go to graphic 11 and
I'm gonna lay out how this conversation
went
the comedian aka Roland Powell sat down
with The Breakfast Club in New York
based variety talk-show known for its
edgy sometimes profane interviews with
celebrities hip-hop artists and the
occasional politician he said I'm just
doing my thing shout out to all the
trannys out there now look it was it was
a lengthy conversation so there I'm
picking the the most relevant parts but
you should listen to the whole thing
we'll include a link in the description
box below actually one of the hosts
asked him what he would do if he started
dating and having sex with a woman and
found out later in the relationship that
she was a transgender woman he replied
with this might sound messed up but I
don't care she dying I can't deal with
that
no you manipulated me to believe in this
thing my mind I'm gay now so you know
he's responding to being lied to by a
transgender individual and just
essentially says that he would want to
kill that person he continues to say I
can't live with that bro this would
never happen if this never happened so
you don't have to worry about me killing
nobody so essentially he's saying well I
mean it's unlikely that this will ever
happen so don't worry I'm not gonna kill
anyone but he did get some pushback from
the hosts of the show they said no you
can't kill her I mean it's that's a hate
crime but I do want to note that
everyone was laughing and you know kind
of making light of these comments yeah
okay
so I get that this is a common they used
to happen all the time when I was
growing up and nobody would have even
blinked at this comment but that's a
exactly why transgender individuals were
attacked routinely and murdered so it's
not funny and so last year 22
transgender individuals were murdered
this year according to the Human Rights
Campaign there have been at least 15
transgender individuals who have been
murdered and so you know the death is is
one thing but there's also extreme abuse
and violence toward them and so I just I
feel like we have to be careful with
this kind of conversation and this kind
of rhetoric because this is a community
that has been targeted that has been
abused with violence that has been you
know targeted for murder and saying
she's dying is is it's just not the
right way to respond to the questions
that they asked him so okay look again
you know in the old days it would have
been like sinner considered totally
normal to freak out if you accidentally
hooked up with someone who was
transgender and you found out later it
would not have been normal to murder
them but it these kind of comments would
have seemed commonplace and I know that
some percentage of the population still
believes that that's why he said it and
people laugh and other people probably
now going oh it's just a joke what's the
big deal but that's exactly the mindset
that did actually lead to them getting
murdered it use happened in bigger
numbers but it's not like it's in the
past and it just regular numbers from
this year yeah and last year it still
happens today so that's why I think if
he made a really stupid joke and then
today was like Jesus death you know what
that was I didn't mean that man that was
really stupid then you say one thing but
did he retract it so he he didn't
retract it in fact he did double down on
what he said during an interview with
TMZ I want to show you his what he feels
is his justifications let's take a look
I'm trying to figure out the y'all see
why did I say what I say like what made
me say that I said that because they
were saying taking away someone's power
of choice and that's what you did you
when you when you take away somebody our
choices should be criminal and and you
don't know whether to do to somebody
psychologically I don't got no problem
with transient I ain't got no problem
with with with JP but I got a problem
with somebody trying to take something
for me I'm in my own mind I say what I
said what I feel I said what's on my
mind and how they take it because if
they taking the what else going on
that's on them because this is only
about one situation which the situation
was was what would I do if I found out
somebody somebody was a man that I
thought was a woman that didn't tell me
she was a woman that's all that is now
all that other stuff they put on their
car they own that's what I'm trying to
help you understand that no one in this
society is going to tolerate you saying
that you will retaliate with murder
hey that's psychological damage I I went
crazy because that's what that made me
do okay so good night I just want to
jump in really quickly because look I
think that for some people who read
about this story and all the details you
probably think well yeah I mean isn't it
terrible if someone lies to you I mean I
wouldn't want to be lied to right you're
you're probably thinking that but
understand why you know members of the
transgender community with would maybe
withhold that information until they
felt comfortable disclosing it it's
because they're met with violence it's
because once they open up about what
their true identity is they are met with
brutal violence sometimes murder and so
they're they feel unsafe and and it's
not like they're doing it to mislead you
or be shady or to psychologically mess
you up and I think we have to have a
conversation about creating an
environment where people feel safe
coming out and and disclosing who they
are and let's be absolutely clear this
is not an epidemic of transgender people
lying to people with
in fact I interviewed transgender women
in Miami about 20 years ago and the
thing that they all said was no no
before we hook up with anybody we make
very clear who we are because they know
exactly what the dangers are and and
they know that there's guys like this
out there yeah and and a lot of them are
not joking that's why those transgender
women wind up dying it at the hands of
ignorant people like right so look if
him calling them trannies is considered
offensive and I know a lot of
right-wingers will say oh no big deal
okay and he's joking whatever okay
that's one category and and by the way
and these issues sometimes we're new and
grappling with them and and we make
mistakes too so we got criticized for a
recent game of Thrones review we did
because we were curious about a
character a character there among the
unsullied it's a long story from Game of
Thrones and you can say we were
insensitive about that maybe that's fair
but this is a totally different category
here's a guy who's doubling down saying
yes is in my opinion you did a
psychological damage to me I get to
execute you and that is a very dangerous
mindset and I hope that's something we
could all agree on really really easily
exactly yeah that was that was the part
that I think got the criticism and is
justified but there's another part that
I don't think is is getting talked about
enough so Janet mock is an amazing woman
she is you know an outspoken leader in
the transgender community and she had
just been on The Breakfast Club and she
talked about her latest book or one of
her books I should say and you know what
they did at one point during this
conversation one of the hosts picked up
her book and her you know picture is on
the cover and basically made a point of
oh look at Janet mock though isn't she
beautiful
and then Duvall jumps in and talks about
you know calls her a man and says he's
doing his thing something along those
lines I'm paraphrasing and it's just
it's just unnecessary I don't know it's
just it just came across as an
incredibly malicious malicious and
uninformed yes
this is a great word and I don't know
why they had to throw her in in there
like that but she had a response she
wrote a really great piece in response
to it and and I highly suggest you guys
check it out it's just I just want us to
be like nice to each other like can't we
at least be decent yeah it's me decent
to each other exactly and and you know
look the degree to which Duval there is
gratuitously attacking transgender
people obviously indicates some sort of
insecurity I don't wanna read too much
into it but the guy
it is certainly as issues with something
in his sexual identity where he's very
touchy about this subject it's one thing
to go man that was terrible as she
shouldn't have lied to me like that and
you know we talk about a choice well you
didn't give me a choice that that could
be a very fair point it's another thing
to be like no that's a man and then oh
my god that would be causing me
psychological damage and so I'd murder
um there's something going on there so
yeah it's yeah she gets therapy and and
look transgender people if you if the
right wing thinks that they're too
sensitive on these issues yeah and it
goes through a lot man I'm just trying
to get everybody to see just what other
people might feel just step be in their
shoes for a second it takes tremendous
courage to change your sex now these are
problems that are saying things like oh
it's just a choice they just one morning
does I new gender reassignment surgery
because that's a lot of fun right to put
yourself in a situation where you are
more likely to be met with violence with
murder with discrimination lower job
prospects I mean think about all the
terrible things that the transgender
community has to go through because of
you know their identity and it's just
they use that same argument when it came
to the gay community and now since you
know gay people are good for business
they're in favor of the gay community
it's yeah but we haven't gotten there on
transgender people and you might be
sensitive to it too if you suffered
nonstop attacks on your core identity
but if people didn't believe you mocked
you and threatened to kill you those
would be all very and sometimes follow
through on that threat those would be
all very good read
to be sensitive on this issue and this
one is not remotely close with what
Duvall said is atrocious help us build
independent media together TYT Network
comm /join
