members of the Trump administration were
pranked by an individual in the UK who
used a fake email address and posed as
members of the administration
unfortunately his attempts to prank them
and get a response from that did work
and CNN actually broke this story I want
to give you the first example and then
I'll give you more details to take a
look at prankster pretended to be Reince
Priebus and wrote to Anthony scaramouche
II he wrote quote I promised myself I
would leave my hands mud-free but after
reading your tweet today which stated
how soon we will learn who in the media
who has class and who hasn't has pushed
me to this whatever it doesn't matter
because it was fake
scaramouche II fell for it writing you
know what you did we all do even today
but rest assured we were prepared a man
would apologise and the exchange went on
it turns out the only trump who did not
fall for the trick was Eric Trump
writing back to an email from his
brother Don jr. I have sent this to law
enforcement who will handle from here
that's not exactly right
you know everybody's giving credit Eric
Trump for not falling for it he did
initially he eventually said he would
contact law enforcement first of all
it's his brother you don't know which
account your brother uses but anyway he
the original fake email said it showed a
link to a rifle and said it's time to
hunt the witch hunters and Eric Trump
said hey came at a perfect time this
email did as we have that meeting
tonight I remember that's in response to
hunting the witch hunters meaning the
guys who are trying to investigate what
they're going on with Russia exactly so
that's actually pretty damning I wonder
what that meeting was right right
look I think what this shows more than
anything is a certain level of or a lack
of security and this is just some
prankster in the UK he didn't you know
he claims that there was no malicious
intent but there are people out there
with malicious intent and if it's this
easy to fall for an email prank well I'm
concerned because these are you know
white top White House officials I mean
some of which have been fired already
but another example was homeland
security adviser Tom boss er Bossert
cybersecurity experts was duped
enthusiastically accepting an invitation
to a bit of a soiree from a fake Jared
Kushner and giving out his personal
email address unprompted thanks for
security expert and he did you know if
you give out your email address like
that that Italy could lead to
spearfishing which is how they got the
emails from the DNC in the first place
yes like that's the worst thing to do
and he's supposed to be Thomas but are
you surprised by the incompetence of the
Trump administration on every front but
the things that that were and this guy
says hey FBI I'm not doing it anymore it
was just a joke and I'm just a lazy
anarchist get off my ass ok whoever the
prankster wasn't he he had no and it's
true he didn't give this to any foreign
government or anything like that it
might still be issues and FB I'm
probably still investigate but I think
that the thing that was the most
interesting is the way her Moochie was
threatening who he thought was Reince
Priebus and he said you know we know
what you would did you did and you
should apologize so I don't know exactly
what he's referring to there I don't
know if it's just the leaks that that we
know about but and and he says my fence
gramoo she later says my family is fine
by the way and I will thrive I know what
you did
so does he think Reince Priebus did
something to his family well I don't
know I mean there were headlines about
scaramouche's wife filing for divorce
over the fact that Sierra Moochie is
like in love with Trump I don't know if
that's what he was referring to who
knows help us build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
