of course you remember Donald Trump jr.
meeting with lawyers connected the
Russian government they sent emails
saying hey the Russian government can
help your father with this campaign
Donald Trump jr. replied I love it now
we found out all that information later
but in the beginning all we knew was
that there was a meeting now at that
point the administration had a decision
to make
do they come clean about the meeting
because not only did it involve the
president's son but it involved his
campaign manager at the time Paul
Manafort and Jared Kushner one of his
top advisors so there they are meeting
with a foreign government and trying to
get information from them against their
opponent now that is illegal in a couple
of different ways or and so the advisers
rightly said the Donald Trump senior the
president they were on our first one
they said we should come clean with this
story because it is likely to come out
anyway
the New York Times is already on to it
several other publications are on to it
we should leak it to a friendly
publication they even named once circa
and and try to do damage control
afterwards they were overruled by the
president and apparently he said no we
are going to tell them that the meeting
was not about the campaign which is not
true it was and now it has been
confirmed that it was so that is the
story of The Washington Post broke today
so let me give you the details flying
home from Germany on July 8th The
Washington Post reports aboard Air Force
One
Trump personally dictated a statement in
which Trump jr. said that he and the
Russian lawyer had quote primarily
discussed a program about the adoption
of Russian children when they met in
Johnny June 2016 according to multiple
people with knowledge of the
deliberations now Trump at that point
knows that was not the main point of the
meeting the main point of the meeting is
Donald Trump jr. later admitted was to
actually get campaign dirt on Hillary
Clinton so that's lie number one now
well let's move on to line number two
the statement issued to the New York
Times as
prepared an article emphasized that the
subject of the meeting was quote not a
campaign issue at the time all right
so Washington Post explains what
actually happened of course over the
next three days multiple accounts of the
meeting were provided in the news media
as public pressure mounted with Trump
jr. ultimately acknowledging that he had
accepted the meeting after receiving an
email promising damaging information
about Hillary Clinton as part of a
Russian government effort to help his
father's campaign so why is this so
important well let's get into that as
special counsel Robert Muller looks into
potential obstruction of justice as part
of his broader investigation of Russian
interference of the 2016 election these
advisers worry that the president's
direct involvement leaves them
needlessly vulnerable to allegations of
a cover-up
now if you're savvy commander in chief
and and by the way anyone who's managed
anything before let alone something of
this magnitude even if he did something
wrong it appears that he certainly did
something wrong you would want your
hands clean you would assign that to
someone else but Trump is not bright
enough and his advisers are telling you
mr. president don't get involved you
already said you fired Comey over the
Russia investigation that's already an
obstruction of justice possibility right
there so no he's like no no no I got
this all right let's make sure that we
say it wasn't about the campaign but mr.
president it was about the campaign we
know it just say it wasn't about the
campaign there's two things here one is
he's a pathological liar he can't help
himself he said why don't we just lie
it's okay hey Donald you're not a
reality show host anymore back then
people weren't investigating your life
you could claim you're worth ten billion
dollars and nobody would prove otherwise
you claim all sorts of things and people
didn't find out now people find out but
he still doesn't get it and secondarily
people constantly confuse why is he
needed needlessly getting about because
he knows something you don't know which
is that he did it he does have a deal
with the Russians
why do you think
he's doing all of this to cover it up
and firing Comey now wants to fire
sessions and Muller and he's personally
writing the responses to the papers they
can't like they're constantly confusing
I wonder why he's doing that because he
knows something you don't know he does
have a deal with the Russians it's not
that complicated all right
so but to be fair they're seeing if he
had direct involvement in and this let's
see if he did in this particular case
Air Force one took off from Germany
shortly after 6:00 p.m.
about noon in Washington in a forward
cabin Trump was busy working on his
son's statement according to the people
with knowledge of the events the
president dictated the statement to
Hicks who served as a go-between
with Trump jr. who was not on the plane
sharing edits between the two men
according to people with knowledge of
the discussions this is not conjecture
on our part these are people who were on
the plane who were advisers who saw it
happening and who said yes the president
was dictating the response to the New
York Times which we now for know for a
fact is filled with lies now look some
people are saying well it's okay the
president can lie to the press that's
true that's not illegal to lie to the
press it's I don't think it's a good
idea but it's not illegal but if you
know that there is an active
investigation it could easily be witness
tampering if Donald Trump jr. took a
meeting with the Russians and lied about
it and they're investigating a
connection that as Muller is now between
Russia and the Trump campaign is that'll
Trump jr. a potential witness almost 100
percent certain that he is so that's
what that could easily be witness
tampering and it shows evidence of a
consciousness of guilt because not only
are you messing with what a witness is
saying in public and then potentially to
investigators but you all but you know
exactly what you're doing you're
dictating the note if anyone
didn't do it they would not get this
involved that's unbelievable and number
two even if you're trying to cover it up
if you had any intelligence at all this
is not how you would do it you would go
about it in a much sab your way but he's
not that bright what did I tell you from
day one because of all the connections
we already know that our public it is
very likely he had a deal with the
Russians and part two is equally
important I've been saying from day one
he's too stupid to cover it up he's
doing these potential crimes out loped
and where we could all see them in some
ways Muller's investigation is
incredibly difficult because you're
investigating the President of the
United States you have to be a hundred
percent sure and have the best evidence
of the world so this is not a normal
person circumstantial evidence although
it is plentiful is not going to be able
to be enough to charge a sitting
president of the United States but god
the president's make it easy for him
maybe not on the core charge but now on
obstruction of justice witness tampering
it's a layup all right so we go to the
White House advisor who's one of the
sources here and they they continue to
be perplexed they say about what the
Trump did there
this was quote unnecessary now someone
can claim he's the one who attempted to
mislead somebody can argue the president
is saying he doesn't want you to say the
whole truth yeah that's exactly what
they can say and likely will say because
that's exactly what happened even
according to you the person who's
telling this to the Washington Post but
even those guys they still don't get it
they're like so unnecessary why is he
doing this cover-up hmm why is he doing
a cover-up well that really is a
complicated question okay one last one
now there's a lawyer Peter
Seidenberg and he worked in previous
administrations I think a Republican one
but I look at that up for you in a
second he said the thing that really
strikes me about this is the stupidity
of involving the president they are
still treating this like a family-run
business and they have a PR problem what
they don't seem to understand that is
that this is a criminal investigation
involving all of them yeah he was a
special prosecutor under George
you bush Seidenberg was but like the
other republicans he keeps wondering why
don't they understand this is a criminal
investigation no you don't understand
Trump noses a criminal investigation and
he knows that unless he obstructs it in
every way possible they will find out
what he actually did which is
potentially way worse than what we
already know about obstruction of
justice or witness tampering he's like
witness tampering wait till they fucked
out what we're covering up so oftentimes
people will say the cover-up is worse
than the crime my guess is given how
furiously he's trying to cover it up
here and given his business dealings in
the past
no the cover-up is terrible and now out
in the open but what they're covering up
is far likely is likely to be far far
worse help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
