now the situation has heated up in North
Korea they recently did more
intercontinental ballistic missiles
tests and including one that was fired
off into the Sea of Japan on Friday and
so everybody's concerned about that I'm
greatly concerned about it they now
believe that these have a range of 3,500
miles now it is not clear that they
could load a nuke onto those missiles so
don't panic their ability to hit the
western United States is still in great
dispute there are some that are
concerned that they might be able to
reach Alaska whether they could reach it
with nukes is a different question but
the whole world is concerned that part
is super legitimate and it is a tough
tough issue as Donald Trump recently
said nobody knew North Korea was this
complicated know as usual mr. president
we all knew you were the only one who
didn't know okay so I grant you that it
is a very tough situation and one that
is very important for America but what
Lindsey Graham is going to say here is
absolutely atrocious now Lindsey Graham
from time to time tweaks the president
and challenges him on things like the
Russian investigation but when there's
war on the line Oh Lindsey Graham
rolling up the sleeves can't wait he is
one of the top war mongers in the
country and certainly in the Senate
the top two are Lindsey Graham and John
McCain there isn't a war that they
haven't loved in the last two decades or
a potential war in this case so don't
believe me believe your own eyes and
ears as you watch Lindsey Graham say
things that are unconscionable here
every military expert says there is no
good military option but they're wrong
there is an option to destroy North
Korea's program in North Korea itself
he's not gonna allow President Trump the
ability of this madman to have a missile
to hit America if there's going to be a
war to stop him it will be over there if
thousands die they're going to
I over there they're not gonna die here
and he's told me that to my face okay
let's think about what he just said to
destroy North Korea itself so there's
two components of that that are so
horrific number one the people inside
North Korea didn't do anything wrong
yes the leadership is atrocious and
dictatorial and maybe literally the
worst in the world but all those North
Koreans are basically hostages of that
regime so - so glibly say well thousands
will die over there at least it's not
over here who cares they're just North
Koreans Nancy this is what he's saying
they're gonna die over there
go go back and watch it again after I'm
done with this because it is really
stunning they're gonna die over there
who cares they're just North Koreans
okay that part is bad enough if you're
come are you human Jesus Christ
are you human but secondarily it's not
going to be a one-sided war you think
they're not gonna fire anything we've
known for decades at a bare minimum all
their missiles are buried in the
mountains they could fire them within a
minute and hit South Korea and kill
hundreds of thousands of South Koreans
those are our allies one of our top
allies in the world it's potentially
damned to potentially kill millions of
South Koreans and now it is possible
that they couldn't launch it a nuclear
missile at Seoul South Korea let alone
Tokyo and hit Japan another top ally and
Lindsey Graham says as long as it's over
there and not over here oh we do have a
military option for Lindsey Graham of
core everything's a military option
everything is oh it's a war who cares
it's not over here as long as it's not
over here and all those Japanese died
who cares the South Koreans our allies
that we said we want to help and protect
who cares long as they're dying over
there are they even human those South
Koreans and Japanese your grotesque
Lindsey Graham and look at the hubris of
this administration now Gorka is gonna
call come on this is one of the guys
that Trump likes the most because of how
Raschi is on air and listen to how
arrogant he is about North Korea watch
North Korea you know everybody knows the
fire test fire the missile that's
capable of reaching Denver that did that
over the weekend can you fast-forward to
what you think might be the end game
with the North Koreans well look again
this isn't the Obama White House so we
don't tell our opponents or adversaries
what we're going to do in advance but
we'd like people to understand that this
is a little up yueshen flee so North
Korea is a Stalinist regime but it can't
even feed its own people we are the
United States of America we're not even
a superpower we are a hyper power this
is exactly what I'm worried about oh
they're a little pushin flee they're
minuscule we're a hyper power you know
what that reminds me of the type of
stuff we used to say before the Iraq war
Oh it'll be over in weeks one estimate
that they gave was that the war would
cost us 1.6 billion dollars
instead it costs about 1.6 trillion
dollars it didn't last weeks it lasted
decades they grossly underestimated Iraq
and Iraq had an army but it was
incredibly ineffectual and we had some
sense of that and still we got bogged
down for over a decade all North Korea
is in terms of their production and what
their government cares about is the
military they have a gigantic army they
have all those missiles they are and
those missiles are very hard to hit not
because they're technologically advanced
but because they've buried them and it
is hard to find we don't know where all
the missiles are and South Korea is
right next to them it's not hard to hit
South Korea and not that hard to hit
Japan so the hubris and the arrogance of
these guys this is the number one thing
I'm concerned about with the Trump
administration yeah I know they're gonna
want to do tax cuts for the rich it's
gonna be in the trillions but Mike Pence
is gonna do that anyway all the
Republicans are gonna do that anyway
what I'm worried about is that these
fools these incompetent war mongers are
gonna stumble into North Korea thinking
what's the big
deal they're just a flea and we're a
hyper power and let's wipe out all of
North Korea as Lindsey Graham promises
yes more war so that you know who the
top donors were Lindsey Graham are of
course you I hope you're sitting defense
contractors so Graham's war donor money
for more war humans they don't even
leave your kids at their human this is
the Trump administration and yes this is
the core of the Republican Party and he
said oh no Trump doesn't represent
Republicans really he beats 16 other
guys in a primary it sounds like he
represents Republican voters the
Republican voters listen to Donald Trump
said that's our guy well now he's a
plague upon all of us god helps South
Korea and Japan let alone us let alone
the rest of the world cuz these guys
have no idea what they're doing no idea
what they're messing with and if they go
in with that attitude the whole world is
in for devastation like we haven't seen
I'm serious that war I am NOT this is
not hyperbole I'm not exaggerating it
could easily cost millions of innocent
civilian lives they have untold missiles
it is super easy to hit the millions of
people in South Korea this is a disaster
waiting to happen
get him out of office immediately before
we all regret it help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm slash join
