Jeff Flake is a Republican senator from
Arizona but he's not having Donald Trump
kind of I'll tell you at the NYE he's a
hypocrite on a lot of this stuff but boy
did he release a book that is highly
critical of his Republican president
flake on Tuesday released conscience of
a conservative it is an ode to Barry
Goldwater another Republican from
Arizona a book condemning his party's
willingness to embrace alternative facts
anti-immigration fervor and Trump
himself there's a chapter called in fact
my party is in denial about Donald Trump
let me give you a couple of quotes and
then I will show you what he said this
morning on TV he said that unnerving
silence in the face of an erratic
executive branch is an abdication and
those in positions of leadership bear
particular responsibilities he's talking
about his fellow Republicans and how
they are not holding Trump accountable
so and then one more ureases we have
taken our institutions conducive to
freedom for granted as we have engaged
in one of the more reckless periods of
politics in our history now the reason
why this is all very important is
because once Donald Trump loses a
critical mass of Republicans in Congress
then he is in a world of trouble if an
investigation finds anything that he did
wrong and the way things are going it's
possible they will find many things that
he did wrong if the Republicans do not
hold behind him then he won't have any
political capital and he won't be able
to resist calls for his resignation
now we're a long way from there but it
begins on a road just like this with
Republican senators raising their hands
are going I'm not with him and by the
way Jeff Flake does not write this book
because he is a person who's willing to
put politics aside and stand on
principle no he's a deeply political
creature politics is his profession and
don't be naive about this it is obvious
that Donald Trump now is not polling
well in Arizona and John McCain by the
way won his seat with a greater margin
Arizona than Donald Trump beat Hillary
Clinton
so flake is seeing the handwriting on
the wall and say
I gotta pull the chute and I gotta pull
it right now he's among the first he
definitely will not be among the last so
to give you a sense of how much of a
warpath he's on against a president in
his own party let's now watch him on TV
this morning a conservative is nothing
if particularly in foreign policy he's
not measured and sober and predictable
our allies need to know that we need to
embrace her and recognize our
adversaries and and to do otherwise is
not conservative yeah measured and sober
clearly not Trump so it's it's quite
obvious what he's saying you see as he
says throughout the book he's reckless
and and a wild guy that is erratic and
unpredictable and not Jeff Flake claims
not what a conservative is I thought
your definition of a conservative but
certainly we all agree not what we
wanted our commander in chief but he's
got a lot more where that came from with
regard to foreign policy my biggest
concern is as I mentioned we have always
stood for principles and have done so in
a sober consistent predictable manner
and and chaos is the last thing that our
allies and our adversaries need to be
seen and I'm afraid they're seeing too
much of that and our respect for
international institutions that we had a
hand in or worth a major part in
building like NATO World Trade
Organization these kind of things I
think we need to respect and utilize to
hold our place in the world and I wonder
about our standing around the world now
yeah now look that is not a democratic
center that's a Republican senator
saying I'm worried about our standing in
the world because of how unpredictable
and unstable this president is and look
if you live in the objective world it is
super obvious what he's saying other
Republicans do not certainly the
Republican politicians oftentimes don't
seem to so again it is this is bold and
it gives you a sign of things to come
for them to be this harsh about the
president but there's more
I think to be conservative can't be to
embrace conspiracy theories or or to
talk about alternative facts there are
truths that are self-evident and and we
have to as a country agree on certain
things if we don't we're gonna have hard
time moving ahead and solving the
problems ahead look in the past the pre
Trump yura these were not controversial
controversial statements we should all
agree to the same facts and not make up
things and we should support NATO our
top Alliance not remotely controversial
but now in the Trump you are there he's
like whoa a Republican saying that we
shouldn't make up facts which does Jeff
Flake wanna switch parties by the way he
most certainly does not the name of the
book is causes of a conservative he's
just saying a conservative also
shouldn't lie and if you're a
conservative I hope you agree with that
he's got more I mean it was a big missed
opportunity
I think the Comey fire the timing of it
you know you can fire the FBI director
and could have said that hey last year
get some things that he shouldn't have
done the way he handled the campaign
wasn't good but the reason given that
hey the Russia investigation and that
should have set off more alarm bells I
think that it did and I think going
forward we ought to be careful of course
I mean think about it guys he admitted
to obstruction of justice in public
we've just moved on with our lives and I
know that the investigation is ongoing
and you've got to give it time there we
go they have to be inordinately careful
and and they're certainly not
presupposing anything but the president
said yeah I fired the head of the FBI
because of the Russia investigation that
investigation is investigating him he
admitted the obstruction of justice so
here's a senator going well I don't
really want to be on that boat and is
that gonna come back to bite him
almost certainly so yeah I'm a little
concerned did he fire the FBI
director of se ATM these are obvious
things but in today's world it is
significant news that a Republican
senator admits to things that are
obvious and and is I'm and what did I
tell you guys the minute they start
heading out the door
that's when Trump's in real trouble so
apparently flake thinks this guy is not
gonna make it and I'm gonna be the first
one off the boat one last one and I'm
very concerned about where the party is
going and the kind of the
anti-immigration fervor that's not the
place the Republican Party wants to be
in the future and it's just image I
understand that but image is important
is a level of meanness to conservatism
now in this country that this bothers I
do talk about that in the book that you
have to be mean or somehow and and that
that is not a conservative value well
you could have fooled me
maybe it wasn't initially and maybe
flake wants to get back to an era where
we were having debates without a lot of
the vitriol fear and hate involved but
that is obviously an admission on his
part that it is his party that is
driving that again in the objective
world that's super obvious but that also
gives you a sense of demographics of
Arizona please let's not be politically
naive here Jeff Flake is of course
considering his reelection and by the
way Donald Trump has promised that he
will primary Jeff Flake and is looking
for a Republican to primary him and he
will support that primary so there's
that bit of politics involved and the
reason he's saying hey then let's not do
the anti-immigration fervor is because
he's in a border state in old days that
mean being in a border state meant that
you were gonna especially if you're a
Republican
actually rally into immigration fervor
and and and put that out there even more
fervently but these days is like I see
the numbers in our
xoda that i get is our party at ubicool
we shouldn't be anti-immigrant we
shouldn't be anti-immigrant and now
finally there's a lot of talk but let's
go to a Josh barro from Business Insider
who points out there are Republicans in
the Senate
Richard Bern Chuck Grassley come to mind
who have been measured in their rhetoric
but I've taken substantial actions to
hold Trump accountable for his
lawlessness flake is taking a less
impressive approach complaining loudly
about Trump and doing very little about
him so keep in mind here Jeff Flake is
trying to have it both ways
whoa watch out for Trump I'm not on his
side but so far as I can tell so far on
every single major vote he is back
Donald Trump so this is a game that a
lot of Republicans played under George
Bush especially as he became more and
more on popular well I'm a little
concerned about George Bush Oh tax cuts
for the rich the George Bush is pushing
yes yes yes yes yes you cuts to programs
yes yes yes yes so eventually senator
flake these words are good and important
and interesting but you're gonna have to
back them up if you like this video you
love the whole TYT Network check it out
at TYT Network comm slash join
