TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see an inconvenient
sequel truth to power in theaters in New
York and LA on July 28th and nationwide
August 4th
the death toll in Venezuela has
increased amid protests over a
controversial vote that just took place
now this vote was all about replacing a
legislative body known as the National
Assembly in Venezuela with a pro Maduro
assembly which essentially now has the
power to rewrite the Constitution now
unfortunately Maduro and his cronies won
in in this vote and of course people are
calling this entire election a fraud and
I'll tell you why in just a second but
for those of you who want a little bit
of a back story before I get into the
details of this recent update on
Venezuela there have been protests in
Venezuela because of rapid inflation
lack of resources because the economy
there was so reliant on oil and also on
importing products as soon as oil prices
went down people started to go hungry
and so now people are taking to the
streets and Maduro is response to it has
been draconian and instead of taking
responsibility for his actions he has
decided to essentially overthrow the
legislative body and put in charge a pro
Maduro assembly again known as the I'll
tell you what it's called in just a
second so just to go back to the death
tolls in regard to these protests the
deaths bring the total to at least 122
killed in nearly four months of
political upheaval Venezuelans also
appear to be abstaining in massive
numbers on Sunday when this vote took
place in a show of silent protest
against a vote to select a
constitutional assembly giving the
government virtually unlimited powers
again these people will be allowed to
rewrite the Constitution and so as a
result in protest people refused to take
part in the election they boycotted it
so at least 5,500 candidates for the 545
seats in the cons
statue in assembly that's what the new
assembly is called are his supporters
the special assembly being selected or
that was selected last Sunday will have
powers to rewrite the Constitution the
country's 1999 Constitution but also
have the powers above and beyond other
state institutions including the
opposition controlled Congress so things
are really really bad in Venezuela and
again
Maduro continues - you know compound the
problem instead of take responsibility
and step down so I'm gonna give you a
little bit of the other side in one
second but I want you to give you
context - so now because the opposition
did not participate in these elections
as animal told you every seat in the
assembly is medoras his parties in the
previous National Assembly a hundred and
twelve of the 167 seats was the
opposition and and Maduro right before
the opposition got into power after the
elections basically packed the supreme
court it's a simple way of explaining
what happened there and so the Supreme
Court protected him so that he can't be
impeached so then he went on to solidify
his power by doing this election which
now the US government among others
including by the way Mexico and Canada
are calling a sham election also panama
and many colombian a lot of other
countries around there but so i think
that is very likely exactly what's
happening here the reason i say but is
that there is a deep history of
propaganda that the US has done in latin
america with countries that we don't
like and so there are i want you to know
other countries that say no these
elections were fine and medoras
government is okay and in fact what is
happening is orchestrated protests by
the forces that don't want socialism to
work in latin america and they're trying
to bring down as government so nicaragua
is on a side bolivia is also on its side
and and so now again more countries on
the others have brazil against it
guatemala against it so giving you a
full context here now
this one seems
oh by the way Medora says the people
protesting him are terrorists now now
hold on there there was now the reason I
give you full context is because there
was a bomb that went off by the police
and they got injured and and so most of
the violence has been directed at the
protesters some of the violence has been
protected I'm sorry
directed at the police which are with
Maduro so now if it was us if the minute
there's any police violence we'd say yes
they're terrorists all the protests are
terrorists and so when we do a crackdown
we'd say we're justified right now I
don't think Maduro is justified but why
I hated all the propaganda we've done in
the past is because in a situation like
this it makes us a little unsure that we
understand the full story right I'm
saying yes look I'm not gonna sit here
and pretend like I'm an expert on this
but I I find what's happening in
Venezuela fascinating so I have spent a
lot of time kind of looking into it
researching and trying to figure out
what's going on and I understand that
there's gonna be propaganda on both
sides especially when issues related to
socialism are involved and I don't want
to fall victim to that propaganda but
here's what I know for sure and I've
said this before when we've covered
what's going on in Venezuela it is not
one thing it is not just the fact that
it's a socialist country it is a number
of factors that played a role in the
economic downfall of the country right
and so there was way too much reliance
on oil and you know Venezuela was doing
great when oil prices were extremely
high but what happens when the oil
prices go down and so what they failed
to do what Hugo Chavez failed to do and
what you know the previous leader failed
to do is you know take into
consideration what happens when those
oil prices dip and so the oil prices dip
they did over spend their money on
social programs I am not against social
programs I think you need to have a
mixed economy with you know private
industry and public in public programs
as well but in this case they they
overspent they didn't save in Clinton in
case there was a doomsday and then when
things started to get really bad and
people started protesting Maduro because
the inflation was so high he
got dictatorial and again he made the
problems worse and so it's a combination
of things and by the way one other
factor they were too reliant on
importing products they stopped making
and manufacturing products in their own
country and so now they're super reliant
on imports of course that's gonna raise
the costs of the products that they need
to survive so it's a number of different
things that unfortunately people are
gonna latch on to one thing or another
for their own talking points in their
own propaganda yet don't get simplistic
on either side so let me give you one
more on the other hand and give it then
finally give you my opinion so when you
look at how protests were orchestrated
to take down the governments that
actually represented their own people in
Latin America in the past and in Iran in
the 1950s orchestrated by the CIA this
is what they look like so I I'm not
saying they are in this case I'm gonna
tell you what I think in a second about
this particular situation so that is why
though we when we see a situation like
this we go okay because of the
wrongdoing we've done in the past
it makes us pause and go are we falling
victim to yet another ruse and by the
way in those instances the government
would use now this was decades ago but
would use reputable organizations
including the New York Times definitely
Time magazine over and over again
because it was run by a conservative
that had deep connections to the CIA and
it would put out things like oh the guys
the democratically elected leader is
dictatorial and there's protests in the
streets we did it with Panama and you
know look we had economic interest with
Panama we wanted to have access to their
canal and I'm not gonna sit here and say
that Noriega was a great guy but why do
you think the US was so interested in
overthrowing Noriega we had to deal with
him in the first place the CIA so we
thought he was such a bad guy why'd you
make a deal with him in the first place
and that list goes on and on let alone
all the the why we call them banana
republics in the first weeks because we
would Dooku's on behalf of fruit
companies now there is one other thing
that is similar here is that sometimes
the banks will then start saying we're
not going to loan you any more money and
put
other financial pressure on which would
make some of these financial situations
even more dire that would make real
people angry and then actually protest
the government and that's how you put
pressure on a government now having said
that in this case looking at the
totality of it I don't think that's
what's happened and I based on that on a
number of things because Maduro if you
were genuine in in this you wouldn't
impact a Supreme Court and you did again
it's over simplifying a tiny bit to say
that but that was effective that of the
decisions that regarding the Supreme
Court and then if you've got an election
where the opposition is not
participating you don't go okay I guess
I win all five hundred some-odd seats
it's all mine oh and by the way I'm
going to now change the Constitution and
imprison my political opponents which is
what he's promising to do no no no
imprison your political opponents right
it's not the right thing to do under any
circumstance CBS Maduro wants the
Assembly to strip opposition legislators
of their constitutional immunity from
prosecution and indicated he is eager to
prosecute many more members of the
opposition parties that control a
handful of state governments along with
the National Assembly providing one of
the few remaining checks on the power of
the Socialist Party and by the way just
to give you a little bit of an idea of
how the public feels in Venezuela in
regard to what just happened
opinion polls say more than 70 percent
of the country is opposed to Sunday's
vote and so it's it's kind of amazing
because 70 percent is opposed to it it's
just like America right where you're
like how but who's the other 30 percent
like where have you guys been and why do
you guys feel that way but anyway no no
but because Maduro says look the reason
you're suffering is not because of me
but because of outside forces that are
driving these economic problems in the
first place now again I don't think the
facts are on a side on that because
though they did not properly invest when
oil prices were high and they're doing
price controls price controls and
currency controls generally speaking
especially price controls are a
disastrous economic idea and now you can
say hey Jake you're a capitalist it's
not very look we can argue over the
words of capitalism socialism Ickx
economy the reality is I mean the
government
somethings better military cops but also
education healthcare I think the
government should provide health care so
they have equality of opportunity and
education and just so you could live I
do think that companies make better
sneakers and cars okay but in the case
but when you do price controls I have
never seen it work in any economy so you
shouldn't be surprised that that
decimated your economy and he's
pressuring 2.8 million state employees
to participate in in the elections
pressuring public employees to vote your
way and then they're giving out of
sandwiches I mean there's a host of
things that they're doing that are
clearly wrong and when seventy percent
of the country opposes what you're doing
it's not just some foreign journalists
or foreign actors that are driving it
right obviously you've lost popular
support in your country and if you've
got seventy percent opposed to you and
then you claim no no all the seats in in
the assembly are now mine you know
that's not a legitimate government so
that that's my assessment of the
situation but I wanted you to know all
all the sides
