TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see an inconvenient
sequel truth to power in theaters in New
York and LA on July 28th and nationwide
August 4th a group of vigilantes in San
Fernando Valley California have decided
to help escort individuals who want to
shop at grocery stores into the grocery
stores to avoid panhandlers in fact
panhandling in Chatsworth California has
gotten so bad that vigilantes feel like
they need to take matters into their own
hands and protect shoppers so let's hear
from Sher Bentley who happens to be the
person who founded a Facebook page to
kind of mobilize people to be these
vigilantes she says we've had a lot of
concerns about aggressive panhandling
the homeless using the entrance to
Ralph's as a bathroom and people have
stopped shopping here and are going to
other areas which is bad for our
community instead of people being scared
and running off we thought we would come
here and escort people who feel unsafe
we want people to shop in our community
without being fearful now I have no hate
for share III hear what she's saying she
wants to protect shoppers and that's
great but this is a symptom of a problem
that we continuously ignore and
homelessness has increased dramatically
in parts of the country Los Angeles
County being one of those parts so one
of the panhandlers in the area was
interviewed by the Los Angeles Daily
News his name is Archer he's a thirty
year old from Alabama with a moniker Jay
tra he said he's a musician who plays
guitar bass piano he produces sings raps
and is a DJ and has gigs lined up in
another job but he doesn't make enough
money to live in a residence so people
are again either living in their cars or
living on the streets even if they have
jobs and so I think a lot of people in
the country can relate to this right now
and I'm gonna give you the reasons why
we're seeing more and more homelessness
in just a second but I want you to jump
in yeah on this one I got mixed feelings
to it
so the the case of Jay tra who clearly
has too many letters in his name but in
his initials but it seems like a good
guy and he's on hard times and you know
you read some of his quotes and it's
it's gut-wrenching he's like look man
we're barely trying to survive here I
got a job I don't make enough money and
you feel terrible for and that is the
case probably for a lot of the homeless
on the other hand some of the homeless
do have drug issues we can't be naive
about that and have mental illness
issues yep so if you say to me okay you
know are you comfortable with yourself
or your family or whatever walking past
someone who you think has a decent
chance of having mental illness look
walking past is too strong of course you
walk past them there's homeless
unfortunately in all these cities and we
don't give them proper care but if some
people feel uncomfortable with it and
they want to be escorted in I'm not sure
that I think that's a terrible thing do
you see what I'm saying no I look like I
said I do not blame anyone who wants to
get involved and and protect customers
who want to go in and shop and look I
I'm gonna be honest I've personally
experienced homeless people who have
untreated because they're homeless
untreated mental problems and/or mental
conditions and you know there was one
time when I was running in my
neighborhood and a guy started coming
out and he took off his belt he started
he started swinging it and started
coming in my direction and I had to run
in the other direction as fast as I
could because I was scared but but this
problem is gonna get worse and it is
getting worse at this very moment for a
number of different reasons but the two
issues that I want to focus on and
you're gonna roll your eyes but housing
that's definitely problem no I know but
it's it's an issue that I care about
because look we can build moats around
ourselves as much as we want right but
we all want to live in nice safe
communities where everyone has a chance
to survive and I feel like we are just
completely diminishing any and all
opportunities for people to live
peaceful prosperous lives LA is a
perfect example so let's go to graphic
12 because I want to talk a little bit
about what's happening in LA suppose
there was something called the Ellis Act
right so the Coalition for economic
survival found 638 Ellis act eviction 'z
through the first half of 2017 in Los
Angeles County for the same time last
year there were 290 for the Ellis Act
basically let's land landlords know if
you have a rent-controlled building you
can go ahead and switch it from rental
property to condos or to a hotel or if
you want you can go ahead and demolish
that building and rebuild it as luxury
condos or luxury apartments and that's
what's happening right now a lot of
these rent controlled buildings for
low-income individuals are being
demolished and we're building these
ridiculously expensive condos or
apartments that people simply can't
afford the occupancy rate in downtown LA
right now is twelve percent and the
reason why is because they're building
these luxurious places that people can't
afford right and so it's a dumb idea to
get rid of rent controlled buildings and
then go ahead and build these crazy-ass
condos that people can't afford ok well
then we're gonna see more homeless
people on the streets ok so I think that
we agree on the problem we just don't
quite agree on the solution I think the
solution is to help the people who are
homeless and I know you agree with that
portion of it right and to help like
Utah did a really interesting program
where they had this crazy idea they're
like what we got homeless why don't we
build them homes and I was very
skeptical about it to be fair right but
it turns out no it worked and it turned
out to be a much cheaper solution they
built you know fairly you know obviously
cheap homes but they got him off the
street he got them some sort of housing
and it doesn't work in every case if you
have mental illness you're not gonna
stay there but you could then provide a
little bit more funding for mental
illness and that's a much better way to
deal with the homelessness I think
they're saying to someone who has a
property you're not allowed to do X Y or
Z with that property no look and I get
it and and I I get that side of the
argument especially since my dad is a
property owner and that's that's his he
didn't say for retirement he lives off
his apartment buildings in the RET that
he collects right and so I get it it's
it's
super uncomfortable to have the
government get involved and tell you as
a property owner who poured all of your
you know resources into these buildings
no you can't do this or that right but
there needs to be some sort of balancing
act and right now there is no balancing
act you know right now the investors
come in and they're like we're gonna buy
your building for double what it's worth
because we want to demolish it and we
want to say you're gonna make money no I
don't think that's not a thing to
balance
I mean look rent control was just art
about Venezuela our bad price controls
our rent controls our price controls
yeah I like rent control I don't think
there's anything wrong with rent control
and look I can make the opposite
argument from mine and say they have
rent control in New York New York has
not sunk they exist they you know it
didn't destabilize the market completely
but overall I think that they're they
affect the market in other ways on the
other hand prices that are for buildings
that are not rent control in New York
are sky-high for a number of different
reasons but could rent control have made
the other apartments more expensive it
is possible so I I would rather address
the homelessness than to deal with other
people's property
I know Jake but we're now you need to
make one hundred and six thousand
dollars a year to afford a two-bedroom
apartment in Los Angeles I'm not even
having a conversation about buying
something just renting a two-bedroom
apartment in Los Angeles you need to
make six figures okay if you are working
as a social worker for instance who
which by the way is an incredibly noble
job to take on and you have gotten your
you know master's degree and you are
credentialed you will put yourself
through school there is no reason why
you should live in government housing
okay and we're getting to that point
right now and just another insane
statistic so there's been a 23% increase
in homelessness in Los Angeles County
since last year that's a huge number
yeah so look last thing is I think is
the right way to have this conversation
I don't like the black and white where
we say no it's all you know X people's
fault and then and/or on the
conservative side say like off homeless
just you know get on the streets who
cares about it right no come on if
you're a decent human being you gotta
care about these folks and and it's not
like their bums why did they go up so
did
decided to become you know lazy over the
last year no there's obviously economic
conditions that are driving in I just
think we're better served not only in
doing the things that we talked about
but you're right people are not getting
paid decent wages so then I would say we
should increase the minimum wage we
should find better opportunities free
college education so you have equality
of opportunity I would just address it
from a different angle than you would
right and I know you don't disagree with
the things that I'm so no I don't
disagree I think that you have good
solutions I'm not against those
solutions but one other thing that I
would do is you're a foreigner who wants
to invest in u.s. property no you're
done okay unless you go unless you come
here you are a US citizen and then you
want to buy property fine but if you are
living in Russia or living in China and
you want a way to launder your money you
don't get to do it with US property I
like that now the progressives say the
conservative anchor babies because
liberals now have anchor apartments
we're against anchor apartments
conservatives should join us on that
cost
