so senator Bernie Sanders has a pretty
good idea and once I tell you about I
think you'll agree then I'll tell you if
President Trump agrees and Congress
agrees so we go to Hut post for this one
they broke this story senator Bernie
Sanders plans to propose a new rule
Monday that's today that would require
pharmaceutical companies to charge fair
prices for drugs developed with taxpayer
backed research well that seems super
logical doesn't it if we're paying for
it we should at least get a discount on
the price you know the thing that the
drug companies always say I need a
monopoly because I paid so much money to
create this drug you have to provide an
incentive but in this case no we paid
for it okay so if that seems logical
let's find the details the rule
introduces an amendment to the 1938
Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act
would force federal agencies and
federally funded nonprofits such as
research universities to secure a
reasonable pricing agreement from a
manufacturer before granting it
exclusive rights to make drugs vaccines
or other healthcare products this has
got to be the most uncontroversial thing
you've ever seen
we the American taxpayer to service we
the taxpayers paid for this research and
we're gonna let you manufacture the drug
but because of that you have to cut
taxpayers a break and by the way a break
doesn't mean that they lose money on it
no they would still make a ton of money
on it
but we're not just gonna let you have a
monopoly and then you can charge us
whatever you want and we don't even have
a choice because you're the only one
selling it if you're a conservative you
got to love this bill okay
the bill is Sanders latest attempt to
stop the Department of Defense from
awarding drug maker set of who passed or
an exclusive license to produce a Zika
vaccine developed over the past year by
the US Army so it has an immediate
implication there and it's gonna help us
with the Zika virus which is in America
already and did you notice the end there
the US Army is the one that developed
this vaccine now we're gonna go to this
French company and a foreign company to
manufacture but they didn't develop it
the army did so but now
next logical step the French
pharmaceutical giant has refused to
agree to sell the drug back to taxpayers
at a fair price
despite demanding a patent that would
prevent other drug makers from competing
to manufacture the vaccine at a lower
cost way to waive it what do you mean
you refuse that is so outrageous oh yeah
give me give it to me and give me a
monopoly and don't let anybody compete
by the way I'm a capitalist what part of
this is capitalism this is the exact
opposite of capitalism but no no no I
need to make unbelievable profits
because I spent so much money
researching and developing this oh I
didn't you did that's all right we
privatize the gains we socialize the
losses no these companies love socialism
they love it but they only want to
socialize the losses and they figure
well we're the drug companies the drug
companies need you today they're bigger
donors to American politicians then oil
companies defense contractors banks drug
companies are number one so they think
like wow who are you you're a senator
you're the most popular politician in
the country I don't have to listen to
you I own Congress so no I'm not gonna
give you a break in on prices now that
it's hit the press and he's got a bill
because they refused and refused and
refused they said oh we didn't
necessarily refuse they put out that
statement today we didn't necessarily
refuse oh right that's why he had to put
together a bill to force you to do it
anyway so we'll see how that turns out
but don't worry I hear from
conservatives that corporations will
voluntarily do the right thing because
they're really good people
that's not how corporations work okay so
no fees history of more amazing get a
load of this but Sanofi maybe these are
good corporate just a good corporation
person right so no fees history of
charging more for its products in the US
makes that troubling the company's
multiple sclerosis drug costs eight
times more in the US than in France and
in the United Kingdom according to
knowledge ecology International or
Washington based watchdog group diabetic
patients suits on OFI and two other drug
makers in January for jacking up the car
of insulin there they're from France
they charges eight times the price here
in the US why because here we have crony
capitalism we have legalized bribery
they go what that why do you think I've
paid all the money to the politicians
conservatives tell me oh it's no because
they have a right to free speech those
French corporations must be allowed to
speak to our politicians in the form of
money and lobbyists and all the things
that they give along with all other drug
makers they're just speaking to us I
look at that they haven't charged us
eight times more because our legislators
give them a monopoly so Bernie Sanders
also put an end to that now he should
have an ally cuz Donald Trump said he
was going to negotiate great deals and
against other countries right so Trump
supporters you're positive Trump's gonna
step in here and save the American
people right well let's find out the
bill seems unlikely to find support in
the White House despite Trump's campaign
trail promises to crack down on drug
pricing rather than pushing for
legislation the administration is
weighing an executive order that would
strengthen monopoly rights for
pharmaceutical companies overseas the
exact opposite of what he promised you
no I will not negotiate a better deal
I'll have a worse deal and I'll
strengthen their stranglehold over the
American people let them charge whatever
they want and even though they're from
abroad and I told you America first make
America great again
I guess he meant make a--make French
corporations great again by letting them
have a monopoly over some but that's
okay
Congress can have such big majorities
that they can override a trump veto for
example for example that's a situation
worrying with the Russian sanctions so
are they going to act let's find out
because again if you're a progressive or
conservative this should be deeply
appealing to you this bill to protect
Americans Sanders bill faces dim
prospects of becoming law the
deep-pocketed pharmaceutical industry
has cultivated powerful allies in both
parties
despite Democrats recently released
platform King aim at drug prices in
January 13 Democrats joined 39
Republicans to vote
down a bill designed to lower
prescription drug prices so you wonder
why we're not in favor of the corporate
Democrats yes the Republicans are worse
they're more corrupt 39 of them voted
for corruption and only 13 Democrats
voted for corruption but those 13
Democrats made all the difference if now
they turn around and they vote with
Bernie then maybe we can just like in
the health care bill we could peel off a
couple of Republicans and say wait are
you for the American people or are you
for foreign corporations who are looking
to charge rapacious prices to these
people who desperately need the medicine
and and that we pay to develop but nope
corporate Democrats say I resist
hashtag resist give me the money give me
the money give me the money drug
companies all progressives why are you
pushing us why you grabbing me well
primaries don't do primaries let me just
keep taking the donor money and screwing
you over Oh Bernie Sanders he's the most
popular politician in the country he
should not run okay we need fresh faces
who are also willing to take donor money
no this is a great piece of legislation
by Bernie Sanders and even if you're a
conservative out there you know it is
and you should go pressure your
Republican senators and congressmen and
yes progressives you should pressure the
hell out of your own Democratic
representatives to make sure that they
support Bernie Sanders legislation on
this not because it's because of Bernie
Sanders it's because it makes sense why
should we get penalized for something we
developed with our own taxpayer money
the hubris of these corporations because
of our legalized bribery system is
outrageous you know what the answer is
and by the way I found out this weekend
guess who turns out to be for a 28th
amendment to get money out of politics
James Carville we started this a while
back it's beginning to build momentum
and we're gonna win on this issue wolf
dash pack.com become a member right now
become a volunteer roll up your sleeves
and get our democracy back because if
you don't this is the result wolf dash
pack.com help us build in
Media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
