what's going on with millenials is is
that as bad as some conservatives think
it is or is it better is it changing
some statistics will show that there is
a shift to the right whereas other
statistics will show that the Bernie
Sanders movement was fueled primarily on
the backs of younger voters so kind of
loose ball fumble who wants to take that
first tray go ahead yeah well I'm from
the deep south that's where I grew up I
live out here now so I get the purpose
of this panel and why conservatives
probably worried about Millennials but
like just speaking from my perspective
y'all are crushing it where I'm from
buddy like there's a lot of a lot of
conservative money well yeah I'm not
happy about that but I'm glad y'all are
but uh but yeah you know cuz that's just
kind of what you are where I'm from and
it don't matter it doesn't matter how
old you are I'm from Tennessee so yeah
it's one of the few states that I think
the younger voters actually voted for
Trump was Tennessee right yeah Scotty
what'd you think
well speaking of Tennessee I did know
neighbor I'm from Nashville we're gonna
try to keep the southern accent down a
little bit out here we can try to hide
it
but it will get your name out it yeah I
tried doesn't work very well I think you
have to look at Millennials in two
different segments you have young
Millennials who are just graduated from
college that are single that are getting
into their first job that are dealing
with getting on health insurance car
loans mortgages and then you've got the
other spectrum I am a millennial I was
born in 1980 I am on the other end I
have two kids though nine and ten years
old I have now I've now bought my third
house and I don't have three houses but
I've had to deal with trying to get a
home loan three different times I'm
having to deal with health insurance in
Tennessee it is harder to get a family
of four on health insurance right now we
don't have it so I think you have to
look at both sides Millennials right now
are spanning a wide spectrum of issues
and it's all about perspective and
viewpoint and we're conservatives in the
deep south are winning is they're
speaking to I think the older crowd that
are having to deal with a lot of the
issues that government accepted directly
is involved in health care
starting small business and that's why I
think conservatives are waiting and why
overall the upper end of the Millennial
Generation voted for Donald Trump in
brackets you know 25 and older and 25
and younger and so it's it's very
tempting and easy to want to all plenty
of in one bucket but when you bifurcate
it no it shows that it's actually a big
difference and so I get asked this
question all the time and I'd love to
hear you talk about it and I get it
asked kind of sarcastically from older
conservatives but why do young people
like Bernie Sanders so much and so I
have my version of an answer which
actually complements you know Bernie for
his actual talking about issues that
young people talk about but I'd love to
hear your take and because it's
undoubtedly he started a movement with
college students that resonated unlike
any political movement recent memory
sure well you know I think it's
definitely correct that Millennials are
not a monolithic group but if you look
at polling you will see that there are
similarities with the two age sets that
are considered Millennials the older
ones and the younger ones so Pew
Research is just one example of you know
really great comprehensive poll on
Millennials and what they care about the
most and I think the reason why Bernie
Sanders did so well among Millennials is
because Millennials do want more
government in regulating certain parts
of what we're seeing in the country
right now so I know conservatives hate
regulation but the reality is you know
Millennials love capitalism but they
don't love crony capitalism which is
what we have right now where you have
the richest people in the country taking
advantage of a system that's been rigged
against pretty much everyone else and so
you're right I mean I'm I'm a millennial
I just went through the process of
escrow and getting a mortgage and guess
what I worked my entire life to save
everything that I could save just to put
a down payment on a home and it is not
anywhere near what I thought I would
have at this age like my parents came
here as immigrants had nothing and my
father managed to work as a handyman
save enough money and buy apartment
buildings guess what Millennials can't
do that today
and it's because our wages have been
stagnant we
have been ignored we graduated into a
terrible economy we are dealing with
massive student loan debt we're earning
20% less than the generation before us
and that's adjusted for inflation and so
we're dealing with all sorts of economic
issues because of this crony capitalism
there was only one candidate that talked
about that issue and did so relentlessly
that was Bernie Sanders and that's why
they you know overwhelmingly supported
him so that's that's my answer on it
look mostly about Millennials and I
think if we're talking about the
ideology of the Millennial Generation I
think it is in a number of ways shifting
to the left but not every way but the
consistent thread that I see and hear
when I talk to people in that age
bracket when it comes to politics and
both parties is absolute abject disgust
i think Millennials cannot stand our
political process they do not like
either party they do not trust either
party which is why i think you saw a lot
in you know in the primaries in each
each bucket you had Donald Trump
attracting a very faithful following
among a group of Millennials and then of
course that you know the Bernie Sanders
revolution on the other side these are
both people whether you agree with them
or not whether you voted for them or not
to ascend to the nomination these were
people who were taking just a battle-axe
to their own political parties and their
own establishments and I think that a
lot of Millennials were like whatever is
happening and what you people have been
doing for the last couple decades
doesn't feel like it's working for us so
we just want to kind of burn it down so
Donald Trump Bernie Sanders yeah I have
to jump in you know I totally agree with
you because if you look at the numbers
let's say you compare the election or
the election when Obama got elected
versus our recent election you will see
a shift in political ideology among
Millennials they overwhelmingly
identified as Democrats and now all of a
sudden you see them saying no we have no
party affiliation and it's because they
feel like they've been left behind by
both parties that's why you know when
Hillary won the nomination
Millennials were like I'm either voting
for a third party or I'm not voting at
all and Jordan I'll ask you a question
is second vite to democrats if you get
rid of the super delegate system it's
like the most undemocratic system I
could possibly imagine and so young I
mean that's my opinion I don't know why
you guys have that it's weird I'm glad I
wanted to keep it as a Republican please
come to super delegate nobody please but
kind of laughter letting connected
Petrelli's you're missing it you're
missing it they have the super-delegates
so they can nominate likeable electable
people what are your thoughts
Millennials in general I think I love
their featured spinners I think those
are pretty sweet I think what I what
I've noticed is like the extremes in
2016 definitely control the narrative
and there is nobody in the middle like
me that's just like trying to get by and
pay their phone bill I just feel like
that is what I hear a lot of right I
hear a lot of but maybe maybe it's cuz
Millennials love Magic Man you know um
Bernie's like free college like yeah
sure you know and then Trump's like you
know like gonna build a wall is high
this guy like yeah you know like people
love fucking magic and that's that's
true and I think that both sides appeal
it now people in the middle I find
myself to be a bit of a bit of a
centrist and you know I lean one way or
the other from Texas which is another
nation and all together and you know
I've I've had to my personal experiences
that I have to actually hear people out
it's weird you know from both sides of
the aisle but I I'll say that I don't
feel as though we've captured this any
any party has captured the center I
think I think nope no parties capture
the center feel like and if you disagree
with me keep crossing your arms that's a
nonverbal fuck you that's fine but but I
don't think that that's happened there's
a lot I mean people are like like you
were saying like you bought a house you
bought three houses
it's awesome no your third house I'm
sorry your third house okay started in
the doghouse
I'm sorry domina I feel like somebody
needs to speak to that because I mean
there's some things I disagree with some
things I agree with like Lindsey Graham
like to me he's like a foreigner I agree
like I understand every to run our tests
to Whitney okay good so I understand
every third thing that he says you know
I'm saying that's usually how it is like
for instance if like I'm rambling but if
but if if they get away with late I mean
you just buy your house right so if we
get a condo sorry apologies but if we
get if we get away if we get rid of the
interest you know tax deferment or
whatever then that'll be bad for you you
know your middle class and you're trying
to achieve right and that's a part of I
think Mulvaney's plan and I as a
millennial disagree with that you know
and I have a house two guys alright and
I don't want that to happen you know I
really don't that I really want people
to ladder up into I'm a dollar and cents
kind of guy and I want people who ladder
up and I'm sure like this hasn't
happened exactly for all Millennials yet
but you want to be a part of that
American dream you want that house
right no okay cool so let me let me jump
in so the CEO and main host of our show
Genki huger always gets on me because
I'm obsessed with issues related to
housing because to me that represents
you know owning a part of the American
dream right and a lot of Millennials
right now do not have access to it they
just cannot buy homes I'm insanely lucky
because I was able to you know start my
career pretty early on save save save
save save live with my parents until I
was 26 let's keep it real right and and
because of that I was able to you know
now finally own a little piece of the
American Dream at at the age of 31
but my peers are not as lucky as me a
lot of them do not have a stable job
like I have a lot of them are
underemployed a lot of them are making
below you know a living wage and and
they're struggling they got that college
education but they're dealing with a
hundred fifty thousand dollars in
student loan debt and so you know we can
go ahead and blame them which I think
both parties have done and say well you
just didn't get the right kind of
agree and you're just not working hard
enough and stop eating that avocado
toast and maybe you can't afford that
home know that avocado toast is too good
I don't know just you good it's magic
go ahead but we need to actually hear
them out regardless of what political
party you're from they have genuine
concerns and they see this system as one
that's broken which is why I think a lot
of them are moving toward third parties
or not having a political affiliation I
think where the political question is
whose fault is it and who's responsible
for fixing it I have seen the
conservatism Republicans they say
self-responsibility we need to fix it
within our own communities I see usually
on the liberal side more government more
government needs to be the solution
conservatives don't look to the
government for a solution we look to
ourselves and I think that right there
should appeal to all ages question
III think sorry I just I have to respond
to that for one second good so while you
guys might applaud the idea of less
government this is a panel about what we
need to do to bring Millennials and at
least what conservatives need to do to
bring Millennials in look at the polling
could they actually want more government
they want more government involvement in
lowering tuition
I want more government involvement spent
on the issue and all you have to do
again is look at the polling Pew
Research hold these students or these
Millennials don't issue there's the
issue and they want more government when
it comes to these problems you're right
but they're it's very it's a very
contradictory generation I can speak to
this rather well because I do millennial
outreach where young people will say
about on a 60% clip we want socialized
medicine okay the next question will be
do you think government can effectively
and efficiently deliver socialized
medicine 70% no it's one of the most
contradictory generations they say we
want lower taxes 80% yes do you want to
pay like do you think the rich should
pay more taxes yes do you trust the
government no it's very contradictory so
so that it depends on the issue that's
the first thing I'll say but I will
argue there is a blend
of libertarianism in this generation is
right they have that and that's the
strength to say that to to just blank it
and say they want more government or
it's a progressive I would say that's
that's not diving deep enough into the
research of the polling I'll admit
completely there is a hunger and a
thirst amongst a certain quadrant of
Millennials that do want more government
but more than not there is a growing
libertarian movement I don't trust these
guys I want to keep my money get him out
of my life I just want to do what I want
to do and it's all corrupt you know get
out of my life and there I think there's
a lot of that you can see that in the
Rand Paul movement which is a equal as
powerful movement on the Republican side
if not not as big but still is I mean
look what Rand Paul and Ron Paul started
a Liberty movement in the Republican
conservative circles that 20 years ago
people would have thought unimaginable
so the question I have is it's actually
interesting you look at the Democratic
Party and Trey I'd love to ask your
question who asked this question to you
if Hillary Clinton would have just done
half as bad with Millennials as she did
she would have been present at states
right uh it's really interesting because
it shows that the the Millennial
allegiance to dump the Democratic Party
is evaporating right is that it was a
one-time movement with Barack Obama and
a one-time movement Bernie Sanders but
it's not I'm not a card-carrying
Democrat but I may lean to those ideas
so girls what's the lesson here
well I mean I think it goes back to
something that's already been touched on
up here which is the disgust that
Millennials have with the establishment
in general and Hillary was the
establishment to a lot of them made up
but also though I will say I think a lot
of those people who either voted you
know like a protest vote or didn't vote
at all I think a huge chunk of them
thought well I mean it's fine I can do
that she's gonna win anyway it's not
gonna matter
which was fucking stupid and if they
would have if they would have known that
that wasn't the case I don't think that
they would have stayed home or cast
those votes and the numbers that they
did I'm not saying people some of them
still wouldn't have done it it would
have happened but I think that was a
huge part of it was like I don't know we
call that arrogance or naivety or both
or whatever but there was an aspect of
he's not gonna win no matter what so I
don't have to vote
for this establishment candidate and so
it was easier for them to make that
decision yeah there was definitely under
estimating Trump right and and his
voters going out to the polls but more
importantly I mean it was more than just
a protest vote if they casted the ballot
for a third party candidate I mean think
about it again
Millennials overwhelmingly supported
Bernie Sanders who was for more
government right but at the same time
you had this issue with the leaked
emails indicated the DNC manipulated the
primaries how angry would you be as a
voter who supported Bernie Sanders to
know that your own party basically
screwed you doesn't care about your best
interest so I don't I don't forget
anyone who casted a protest vote I did
not and it pained me to vote for Hillary
Clinton but I felt like it was the right
thing to do but you know in this in the
system
I don't blame Millennials for feeling
like their party their party turn their
backs on them stop talking about those
Damn emails
seriously always about the Damn emails
right I mean seriously go ahead I was
literally just emoting eyes like ya know
I I feel like now what about what about
now like we have you know I feel this
has been a hell of a week hasn't it guys
our buttholes as as clinched his mine
because it's really it's really weird at
I don't know what's happening is this a
safe space I can say bottles alright so
uh it's like a plethora frigid spinner
yeah I'm sorry you guys are all you're
like news people not all right so nobody
yeah the butthole talk you're down
butthole - thanks man
you are from Tennessee shoutouts to
buckles all right so I feel now there's
kind of an interesting thing we're in
you know Trump has been elected and I
want to know like he is he symbolizes a
lot for for a lot of a lot of people on
the right obviously
the Millennials especially the meme game
is sick so but like when you when we see
a situation like this where they're kind
of at a loggerheads
I saw a video of you like talking about
it
you're the moderator everybody like it's
a video of you like talking about it and
you're and you're right but but what I
guess what I'm wondering is what kind of
what what do millennials think now now
that there's this like impasse and what
what I'm not seeing I think there should
be is like actually a coalescing of the
party you know a coalescing the right
rather than rather than like Trump using
leverage or threatening people in his
own party like that those kind of want
to like like Millennials are
impressionable so what do they think now
now that we're six months in well I I
think that's last piece is an important
part of this because one of my concerns
is that the Republicans have been asking
voters for eight years now give us the
house and the Senate and the White House
and we're gonna do all these things
now they've accomplished a lot at the
state level there are some really great
success stories in a number of
conservative and Republican dominated
states but the federal level is what
gets the most attention the most Inc and
this is an opportunity for the
Republican Party to demonstrate to
voters and Millennials when you elect us
we are going to make your lives better
we're going to enact policies that we
believe in and we're going to keep our
promises and what we saw this last week
was seven years of promises on Obamacare
go down the drain I don't care what you
think about Obamacare we could have that
whole debate of another Paula another
panel but when you promised something
very clear to the American people
election after election after election
and you win those elections and then you
don't deliver that is just that is
pathetic and that is going to really
damage I think the Republican Party
and no no and just and one more point
cuz I think I think this also comes to
trust and telling the truth I think that
Millennials value authenticity which is
why you know Bernie Sanders the man has
been very consistent in what he believes
he he honeymoon to the Soviet Union I
mean the guy is not subtle
it isn't even giving up his accent and
he lives in Vermont I mean it's kind of
weird but go ahead and he makes a lot of
these magical promises I think the
Republican Party one of the things that
they ought to give a real shot at with
young people is to say alright the
Democrats say that they're the party of
science they love saying that we're
gonna be the party of math and you guys
can promise everything and the sky and
and young people might want those things
but there's this thing called math and
it exists and it's real and we can't do
everything for everyone that is not what
the government can do let's talk about
math a little bit this is gonna get good
so here's some math for you back in 2009
Bank of America paid nothing in federal
income taxes in fact they got a tax
rebate okay
there's a little bit of math for you so
how many of you here paid federal income
taxes probably all of you right I paid
federal I don't want to talk about why
do wealthy babe get away with getting a
tax refund while we pay our fair share
of taxes so guess why we have a tax code
that works that way it's because of the
right-wing Olson as the Treasury
secretary don't the left-wing Obama put
Goldman Sachs in charge of his Treasury
secretary don't you dare try and say
it's the right way don't you dare try
and say that oh my god
my point before you jump in because we
now have and by the way I agree with you
right wing those let me says ok you're
the moderator dude yeah ok
he didn't look out for the little guy
which again is part of the reason why
Millennials turn their backs at least
some portion on the Democratic Party
however ok this the notion that it's
only the Democrats that have given these
wealthy millionaires and billionaires a
pass is ridiculous and if you want to
talk about you know cabinet members and
the White House administration let's
talk about Trump yes Gary Cohn should go
and all those goldman sachs guys should
go I agree ok Wall Street financier sure
and and then when he was asked hey why
don't you have you know people who are
more representative of Americans why
don't you have people who maybe aren't
wealthy in your cabinet he said I don't
want well on people who aren't wealthy
in my cabinet ok but both sides are true
I mean I mean what you're saying is true
what you're saying is true and I feel
like I mean yeah there's there's a
ruling class that like yeah is that
there's a tunnel from Goldman Sachs to
the White House right and Hank Paulson
on down to Larry Summers like who is I'm
just so happy myself I can't remember
these fucking names but like but like
bad Bernanke all Bernanke yeah Rubin
that other dude but but yeah it's it's
it's it's not reflective of the people
it's not reflective of Main Street at
all and you're right about you're right
about wages I would love to see wages go
up a bit you know so that people like
what's like all rights do another three
decades of trickle-down economics and
see how it works out for the American
people has it worked out well so far so
what are we going to try something
different okay if you say hey you know
what let's just give the wealthiest
people more tax cuts because if they
save more in taxes they're gonna pay
their employees more our wages have been
stagnant for decades
doesn't matter if it's Republican
leadership or Democratic leadership it's
been the same and there was only one
candidate who again persistently spoke
out against it it was Bernie Sanders
that's the reason I'm alive I would only
say this I only said this really quickly
I think what's what what's so if you
have your taxes lowered it's
aspirational right so it's aspirational
like they always say that Americans are
just we're we're millionaires who just
hasn't happened yet right so but like if
you lower taxes you know like my tax
bracket why am i bragging alright so um
it's it's lower because because I'm
doing okay
right so so that's what we want but what
really we kind of like it's a bated
carrot right
no if you're gonna cut taxes yeah you
are automatically going to cut taxes for
the rich because the rich by far pay the
most already the top one percent pays
39% of all federal income taxes I know I
know the table know the touch no this is
math you can shake your butt if you're
making ten million dollars and you and
by the way the wealthiest people get to
take advantage of corporate tax
loopholes that we agree okay hang on you
were making the case you are making the
case if you're making ten million
dollars and you're paying let's say you
pay your fair share of twenty eight
percent or fifteen with state and local
and property sales taxes and by the way
they get again a bunch of loopholes that
we as American people who make average
incomes do not get to take you get a
mortgage deduction the way whenever they
talk about getting rid of those
corporate tax but it could be done it's
always the mortgage deduction that's the
only loophole that Republicans
Republicans ever talk about closing oh
they go yeah that is absolutely true
every time they debate about taxes
they're like you know what yeah we agree
corporate tax loopholes are a problem we
should get rid of the loophole in regard
to more you guys can look it up
yourselves well so let me you said one
point where you said Bernie Sanders was
the only person advocating for higher
wages and so but Rand Paul had a very
interesting policy prescription we said
well instead of raising the minimum wage
to $12 an hour why don't we get rid of
the payroll tax so you actually keep
more of your money when you're earning
$10 an hour
it's a it's a workingman's tax cut so
instead of mandating businesses pay more
money and raising the price of
production you allow a worker to keep
all of the money they work our on our I
think the most horrific and unfair tax
is the FICA tax because our generation
pays it we might never see it again
it gets robbed from our paycheck and
there's Rand Paul talked about this a
lot Ted Cruz talked about it so there
was there were people on the right that
said hey instead of saying we have to
raise them in the wage you can keep
every dollar you earn hour on the hour
at getting rid of the fight let me just
point out Donald Trump did as well he
said let's simplify our tax I want to
put H&R block out of business I want
every year at April 15th you send in a
postcard with your taxes now yes I do
enjoy the tax credit for owning a home I
do enjoy a business write-off but I know
that that's nothing's free in this world
so Donald Trump that's one things we
campaigned on was simple of buying
everything from the top on down
including our taxes and unfortunately it
seems to be the Democrats as well as the
establishment Republicans this week that
have proven they're the ones that want
to continue this hamster wheel of having
more government involved more taxes
involved they don't want to get away
with because they believe they can do
better with your money than we can do
with our own tray what do you think I
think I mean the way I feel about that
whole thing is like I mean look nobody
likes paying taxes you know like I mean
I grew up until I lived in Tennessee my
whole life we don't have a state income
tax and I've been where I grew up I'm
fucking Karl Marx right like I'm as left
as it gets in that I think that Sweden
now I know but but then I moved to
California and I was like shit maybe I'm
not liberals I thought it was god damn
but like cuz I mean nobody likes paying
taxes I don't like it but I you know you
that goes back to the same things like
all these magic promises you know Bernie
Sanders was making to me that's the same
way so yeah we'll cut taxes but then we
you know we have shit that has to be
paid for and would they need to focus on
it I know they talked about cutting
spending and whatever I used to work for
the US Department of Energy I was a
yeah fuck a big government guy if there
is a and and I know from experience and
that's one of the better ones as far as
that shit goes look at how wasteful and
ridiculous and inefficient bureaucratic
the government is it is that's true but
zero liberal but anytime anytime you
guys start talking about cutting that
cutting spending it's always from the
last places that I would go instead of
you know you can't even mention the
fucking defense budget you know and no
matter whatever you can't mention
cutting subsidies for right in the form
of education and the classrooms never
see the see a penny of it yeah it will
always go to the bureaucracy always go
to the central I mean so you use our
children every day it's Democrats I
think we never get started as we try to
improve the discourse was I but will one
piece of advice I'll just give to
liberals in general is don't blur the
Republican Party with the conservative
libertarian movement that's growing in
this country because the vast majority
of the movement I'm a part of and I know
the people in this audience are we don't
want handouts for these corporations we
do want wasteful spending and we're not
defending the subsidies that's what
those 51 senators in DC are all about so
I would I would just say don't loop us
into that bucket we've never said that
guy has never said that Scottie has
never said that I've never said that
we're not here defending that and I find
far too often I'm putting on defense
with something I've never espoused
because someone in the Republican Party
which I don't even consider myself a
member of said I think it's terribly
misrepresentative so I appreciate you
sorry for jumping in
I appreciate you giving me advice
however this is a panel about giving
conservatives advice about appealing to
millennial it's a rep so look you have
to focus on the issues that they care
about and they feel again left behind by
both parties and you say oh well you
know there's a growing movement toward
libertarian conservatives all right so
let's look at what Millennials feel
about conservative issues they don't
want government involved in their
personal lives maybe they want
government involved when it comes to
regulating some of the crony capitalism
that we see right now but they don't
want to be told who they can marry how
they can have sex when they can have sex
and the Conservatives over and over
again just dwell on those issues they
don't want to be told what they can do
with their bodies whether or not they
can have abortions whether or not you
can get birth control they don't want to
be told whether or not you know any of
these personal issues that honestly none
of the government's charge whatsoever
what guy is the authority figure on this
topic I'll let him talk there's a lot to
unpack there so I agree with you on a
few points and at some point can we just
come back and put a pin in this can we
come back to entitlement spending and
just the massive drowning debt that we
have on that because that's like we have
to talk about that but on social issues
I think yes younger people are trending
left on a number of them obviously LGBT
issues I mean I think this is a
generational thing I don't think it's
right versus left there the Pew poll
that came out just recently showed that
60 plus percent of millennial
conservatives are for gay marriage I
think this is becoming less of an issue
we are also Millennials the most
pro-life generation except for senior
citizens we are more pro-life than Xers
yes it is true
there's data there's data where is that
data from because the data that I've
seen from actual credible places Pew
Research hallstatt research both of them
say that they overwhelmingly support
reproductive rights
overwhelmingly I can I can happily send
you lots of things that I've written
about this including a poll that Harvard
University did of Millennials
exclusively that showed that Millennials
are I was surprised how pro-life we are
so these are not the same they're not
the same issues we probably could form
some sort of consent
we would think later term later term
abortion there's strong opposition to
that your party is way out there on that
issue you always try to talk way out
there you are way out we are against
late term abortion unless the woman's
life is in danger
and by the way late term abortion go pro
on hold on late term abortion is such a
ridiculous fear-mongering point from the
right because it is incredibly rare that
a woman has a late term abortion it's
incredibly rare to find doctors that are
willing to perform it and when it
happens it's overwhelmingly because the
fetus is not expected to survive or the
woman's life is in danger so you guys
love bringing up that late term abortion
thing but it rarely happens I have a
question it rarely happens why don't you
make it illegal woman's life why would
we make it illegal the emergency room
and go through a hospital don't go to
Planned Parenthood for it then there's a
major difference between Planned
Parenthood one choice just save lives
one ends a life big difference between
the two well just in rural Texas who now
do not have access to health care
because there's extra Obamacare I'm
correcting you on fact-checking is of
Obamacare a lot of women and men rely on
Planned Parenthood for a preventative
care and you guys fight tooth and nail
to defund it and shut it down because
three percent of what Planned Parenthood
does happens to be abortion yes talking
points called out babies man you guys
have really well decided to drink that
conservative I will say though I would
say good it tastes like freedom
I will say this I will say this this is
really intense and I wasn't you you are
you were definitely like I like there's
a lot of young people here that probably
haven't as you know these guys haven't
goofed in a lady and had to go to
Planned Parenthood so which makes you
makes your outlook on things a lot
different you know I'm saying what is
goofing me goofing I can't see this is a
prank they don't see they don't teach
sex ed alright so so but that's what I
mean I mean Millennials you have it I
mean like you haven't had enough skin in
the game exactly to formulate this is a
sexual thing again but it's like no I'm
just I don't give a shit looks like well
I feel like this I feel like yeah I mean
we could talk about abortion abortion
rights and things like that but and and
that is a very good back before it you
guys had but with Millennials I think
there there needs to be a little bit
more room for the wisdom that you might
need certain protections you know down
the road things like that or what's
what's the wisdom of the laws that exist
right now I don't know I'm just saying
like we can go back and forth and we can
say like you know defund Planned
Parenthood but like I always say usually
you're liberal until you get beat over
the head and then you're like I got to
get a fucking gun you know saying like
we're like are you patient axis and you
become a Republican right right or maybe
you're not one thing or another or maybe
like you know maybe sometimes you need
young people in college students
Millennials and we're likely to pick
from a variety of different stances you
which is why they're they're migrating
away from political parties right no
different than trying to create I mean
this is kind of a bad example but an
iTunes playlist of doo-doo issues and
they're saying like i like this one i
don't like that one i like this and
there's some consistency and there's
some contradiction Spotify again there
we go yeah what but diamond made a great
point which is it's it's not true to say
all social issues are the same with
Millennials and the data doesn't show it
with with drugs for example money will
do it really favor decriminalization do
logician yeah when it comes there
when it comes to other issues so guy I'd
love to yield and I'm sure someone's
gonna interrupt someone but drugs drugs
is a good topic we should definitely
talk about drugs okay
because no I think I think drugs are
really good topic because I think
Republicans have a moment you're talking
about this yesterday tre me and Trey and
I I feel because of the opioid and
heroin epidemic right it's it's hitting
it's hitting Trump's like it's hitting
like places that voted for Trump solidly
like like like what's gin rum please
Ohio it's it's affected my life my
friends from from high school and things
like that and I feel like what's
happening is I think Senator capito
wanted like 45 billion put into the last
failed attempt to repeal Obamacare what
they were gonna do was like get for
forty five billion but at the same time
they're gonna like you know strip
Medicaid funding so it doesn't really
you know people pay for detox
we're talking Medicaid in West Virginia
so it doesn't really help right so we're
putting a conundrum and now I think you
can actually I think Republicans or
whatever conservatives libertarians or
whatever you want to say I'm sorry to
not you know designate the light Jesus I
need like some fucking diagrams but but
it but I think there's a moment there's
a moment where the president can
actually score some points with
Millennials in that in that way I mean
because this is it's not going away and
it's it's getting worse and I don't know
I mean it's like yeah I mean yeah I'd
love to see that happen but I just don't
see it because from what cuz yeah I'm
from a place that's been ravaged by the
opioid epidemic my mom is a addict what
has been for basically my whole life
she's in recovery now but like I mean my
first cousin od'd last year I'm
extremely close to this subject and I'd
love to see something get done but I
don't see it happening but I'm not gonna
I don't really feel this super partisan
thing either I think it's like not an
American thing in that the way people
look at addicts and drug usage it in
general is just mostly like you know
gross or you know total lack of sympathy
or whatever and then the other huge
problem is the fucking lizards at Big
Pharma and it's an insane amount of
money they make off oxycontin
an insane amount and you know as long as
that keeps happening I don't you know
yeah yeah if the Republican Party made
that one of their big things you know
actually doing something about the
opioid epidemic and I thought they were
serious about it I mean yeah I'd be all
for that that would appeal to me greatly
but like I said I believe that shit when
I see it you know but I mean here's the
question like Jeff Sessions actually
last week he was you know he was he
wants to get tough on on heroin net
imports things like that but that but
that but that's why I should be clear
getting tough on it especially from
somebody like that yeah that is more of
the war on drugs bullshit which it did
not fucking work at all it's been an
abject failure that's not that's not
what I'm talking about at all I'm
talking about like a paradigm shift in
the way we approach a treatment and
recovery and rehabilitation not fucking
locking people up for the same time as
rapists get locked up for you know
losing themselves to drugs or whatever
so some peels to millennial eyes and I
think there's a lot of agreement Aaron
yeah this is where the new breed of
conservative libertarianism would agree
with you that you decriminalize other
drugs they might not have to actually
gravitate towards you know oxy code and
they're all those others but we would
say ah some conservatives would say it's
more efficient and effective for private
health centers and charities and local
hospitals than a government you know
institution actually solve a lot of
these problems and I think that's that's
really a disagreement that we have a lot
of the times it's just because you're
going to spend more federal money on
something doesn't necessarily it mean
it's gonna make a difference at all I
think as conservatives we should we're
constantly preaching government doesn't
deliver results on these big projects
that they embark upon and that applies
to the drug war right like this is a
giant a costly endeavor between the law
enforcement element of it and the
incarceration element of it it's a
failure it's a big government failure so
this should be a conservative position
to have yeah and we should live that
evenly as we do when we look at other
big government failures and say why are
we still repeating these expensive
mistakes
jumpin I mean I'm with you on that so I
I agree with you as well I think the war
on drugs is a waste of time waste of
money we've spent a trillion dollars on
the world on drugs since 1971 which is
absurd but I don't want it to get to a
point where we have so many people
addicted to opioids and heroin that we
have to figure out how are we gonna take
care of these people do we criminalize
them or decriminalize it obviously I
don't think we should criminalize them
but it shouldn't even get to that point
now about to like that sorry to tell you
it's like an epidemic it is it is way
late but there's still an issue with
doctors over prescribing opioids and
part of the reason why is because we
don't have laws that prevent
pharmaceutical companies from pushing
doctors to do it there are doctors that
go to vacations with pharmaceutical
representatives and they essentially get
convinced to over prescribe these drugs
that's the reason why we're having this
problem right now and so look I don't
want I don't want too much government
regulation
I hate too much government regulation
but in cases like that it makes sense to
have regulation it makes sense to real
these pharmaceutical companies in and
tell them they're know that is illegal
you are not allowed to vacation to it
these doctors and convince them to go
ahead and make a great point to give a
little bit of shout out to sessions he
did just enact the largest lockdown on
opioid pushers he put over 600 yes so
just to give a little shout out who run
go after me now that weary little play
in the media in Florida doctors that
were illegally colluding with
pharmaceutical companies taking
kickbacks so they've been drugs
medications and shit so sessions has
been really good on going after you know
these bad doctors these bad practices
and I don't agree with my awesome when I
thought there's a mixed message right
now amongst this generation about drugs
I guess there we have this divider that
there's good drugs and there's bad drugs
because on one hand you want to fight
opioids you want to find I agree in that
100% on the other hand we have States
legalizing marijuana and justification
of it for so but I was a part of a very
strong generation of Nancy Reagan's just
say no program and so I learned to say
just say no to everything and now we're
telling this next generation of kids
there are
some drugs that are good and different
we they all have a set they all can have
an effect on your cognizant abilities
two things are consistent though like
wanting to fight the opioid epidemic and
decriminalizing marijuana are consistent
with each other because in places where
it's been legalized instances of heroin
over guys said if you commit you know
you could smoke weed your marijuana is a
non-lethal drug if you don't like
marijuana that's fine if you believe in
individual liberty you don't smoke
marijuana others who want to smoke
marijuana I have a problem with people
to get behind a point please let me okay
the prohibition of marijuana has been so
disastrous for people's lives because we
have over we have incarcerated
nonviolent individuals who have been
caught in possession of marijuana in the
1980s we had this explosion of the
private prison industry because these
are entrepreneurs realize hey there's
big business in imprisoning nonviolent
drug offenders so let's do it so the
reason why we've continued this
prohibition on drugs like marijuana is
because there are private interests
which by the way are paid by our PACs
payer dollars is non-lethal alcohol is
tobacco is why is it that alcohol and
tobacco is legal brakes on that shit
well I think it should be 100% legalized
it should be regulated it should be
taxed and and we should stop destroying
people's lives by throwing that one when
I one respond to you I want you to go to
a family that's been affected it's not
jail time is one way that affects I
agree bid another way is like a
productivity the family member not being
able to go to a job be able to keep my
job because of marijuana
I will be the final word the moderator
so we're gonna get to this question
right here my opinion on drugs I've
never done weed I'm never gonna do weed
doesn't bother me someone wants to do it
honestly it really doesn't make any
difference a visual liberty baby that's
what I'm all about public safety yeah
this thing on yeah hi first of all I'd
like to sincerely thank Charlie and
turning-point USA for the first actually
balanced panel I've seen this weekend
we're awesome we're awesome all the
charts the president all day yesterday I
felt like I was watching CNN live okay
it's like not one on one two on one it's
just like it's balanced and that's great
I wish it would be like this next year
all the panels anyway
realizing this is a subjective point I
still think the majority here would
agree our youth are being socialized to
be left-of-center and in a post Trump
USA the left has gone into overdrive so
question is how do we get culture
education entertainment academia all
that stuff etc to be more unbiased
that's it be right just I'm by I'm gonna
yield the guy how do we change the
entire culture let's tackle that one in
four minutes no it's ten words it is
really really difficult and one of the
things that I'm worried about and by the
way I'm just gonna just point out we
still have a twenty trillion dollar debt
that we haven't talked about in tens of
trillions dollars of unfunded promises
this is going to affect Millennials
big-time they sort of like will will
keep pushing that can down the road but
to your question one of the things that
worries me about the current upheaval in
American politics I think to some extent
the frustration and anger at both
political parties is completely
warranted and healthy I think it's also
true of the media people do not trust
the mainstream media and that is
absolutely very well deserved I also yes
that you can clap for that
fake news there is sad but in in order
for us to have a functioning flourishing
Republic there needs to be some degree
of shared trust in institutions and
we're losing it and it seems like every
institution seems to be working overtime
to relinquish trust in themselves and
I'm getting worried to the point that
we're going to be in total silos with
our own set of facts and our own set of
beliefs with almost no common ground or
like a factual basis off of which to
build and we need those institutions the
presidency the Congress to treat each
other as co-equal branches we need the
media a fair group of media to sort of
decide or to help sift through BS versus
reality we need those things the people
in charge of doing those things dating
back years are doing a terrible job of
it which is why we're heading down the
path that let me to say this is it for
pop culture Republicans need more than
just duck dynasty and the Duggars on our
side Swamp People some people's good
next question ana kasparian you talked
about how the government subsidized
large oil companies and they're also
subsidizing large farms like soy we what
would you say about government spending
about four hundred million dollars to
Iran getting back some prisoners is that
use of resources to get those prisoners
back where's that bat spending I missed
the last part of what you said keep
saleable he essentially that he said
your trauma subsidies four hundred
million dollars to Iran yeah I'm back
prisoners correct that's what your
question was
yeah okay so like where do you fall you
don't like government spending for big
little companies I don't but like do you
agree that size the government pain Iran
for two million dollars to bring back US
prisoners yes
u.s. prisoner that's a really good
question I haven't thought about that
and you know the nuances of that issue
and I promise to look into it look when
it comes to Americans lives I mean
obviously that's incredibly important
and so it's a difficult decision to make
and honestly regardless of what decision
you make you're gonna get criticized
because if you say no we're not gonna
pay Iran those lives are lost if you do
pay Iran you know you're helping them
potentially you know build weapons or do
something that could be used to
retaliate against you or incentivizing
them to do it again or instead of us
whatever decision you make don't lie
about it that that'd be my thing if
you're gonna pay them four hundred
million dollars don't lie about it and
don't put it in a crate in unmarked
bills in the middle of the night that
doesn't help either on a private jet on
a private jet into the microphone you
gotta talk in the microphone
so I'm progressive if you want to know
how progressive you got to talk into the
microphone right into it yeah you can
pick up the mic you can take it outside
so you can pretty much define
progressives by they want to stand up
for the little guy that's what we are
about and conservatives on the other
hand they're about structure structure
gives them comfort they say pull
yourself up at your bootstraps we know
the rules this is how we can move
forward so if you extend that out to how
we view the world of course progressives
aren't going to trust a free market
because it's a moralist shit and of
course conservatives are going to trust
like big government cuz the structure
sucks so why is it that we continue to
argue for big government or for
free-market instead of working together
and telling the boats from beachside
each site it's like we want a moral
system that has a structure that
conservatives like but I haven't heard
that once in this whole political
convention so I I will I'll take
exception with one of your points I
think the free market is the most moral
only moral system ever encountered ever
discovered by man so I will take
it's um it has lifted more people out of
poverty it has accelerated the rate of
human prosperity it has raised our
standard of living beyond any scope of
imagination it has reached human
ingenuity greater than we ever could
have possibly discovered 30 300 400 500
years ago to your point I think there is
a fundamental disagreement though you do
bring up a good point to agree with you
that there's a conversation going on in
this country of what do we stand for
Chelsea Handler said something yesterday
that I tweeted about that I
fundamentally disagree to she said you
know American values they're no
different than other countries values
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa fundamentally
difference he our country has always
stood differently and said we get our
rights from God not from government it's
in our documents and the separation of
powers the respect for private property
the way we retreat our constitutional
republic a checks and balances and we
only look to communities and individuals
and people and not to government and
we've always respected the individual
and free enterprise so there's a
discussion to be had is what do we stand
for as a country I know what we believe
is conservative libertarians but that's
a discussion we need to have because
it's gonna define the next hundred years
and our generations gonna have to say I
want to go more towards the path of
Western Europe seventy percent tax rates
welfare programs be taken care of we're
gonna live in dangerous freedom allow
human prosperity and continue to lead
the world that's the discussion we need
to have balance you on the capitalism
front that's just just a quick just sure
to clean I don't live in a place no no
but it seems like to say that capitalism
is amoral considering how much hunger
pollution I mean just run down the line
of crap that's wrong with this world the
capitalism is moral really yes can I
jump in just for one second
i I just I kind of want to you know
buttress some of the points that you
made because I agree with you I think
that you know a free and I'm here at the
back of the fair-market a free and fair
market creates amazing opportunities for
people which is why you know my family
immigrated here from Armenia and my dad
was able to do what he did with his life
and it's it's incredible right and I
think a lot of people want that piece of
the American Dream however I think the
reason why there is a little bit of a
backlash toward the system that we have
now is because we don't have you know
the type of capitalism that we used to
we do have crony capitalism
telecommunications companies are now
monopolizing you know their businesses
you see these mega mergers and they get
to charge whatever they want because you
have no choice you have very few options
and regulations and regulations benefit
the biggest players because they can
hire all the losses navigate it as small
guys by the head of the Federal Trade
School antitrust there are antitrust
regulations that prevent some of those
gigantic mergers from happening and so
look it's a balancing act right and so I
don't want to live in a communist
country I do I do appreciate and want a
capitalist country but I also want a
system that doesn't allow people who are
already at the top to take all the
advantage and for the little guys to not
even have an opportunity conservatives
love to talk about small businesses we
do agree we talk about small businesses
a lot but here's the thing why aren't we
subsidizing small businesses instead of
oil companies you never hear about both
we but hang on just just a few minutes
ago you said oh we shouldn't be cutting
taxes for the rich a lot of the rich are
S corporation the small businesses
trialing isn't it they file as
individuals so the revenue looks like
they're a millionaire but they have all
the revenue coming through their small
business that's a dry cleaning shop that
might do a million dollars in revenue
they look like a millionaire on their
tax filing but they're supporting 19
employees and they take $50,000 in
earnings considering the number one news
that was on small business last year was
consider the Affordable Health Care Act
so remove the noose and making
government forcing small businesses to
hire and we might actually
next question I want to make sure we get
to the audience so go ahead this
question is for you guys I want to know
you're in the economics of health care
aside what I find so offensive and so
patronizing to me
is that kind of as a conservative I see
some socialist loon bag from Vermont
gonna make health care decisions for me
and what I want and you look to England
with that tragic case of Charlie guard
where the the government England decided
that it was within the child's best
interest that he wouldn't get health
care as opposed letting the parents make
the decision so why do you trust in a
socialized system some government
bureaucrat or some politician to make a
decision as opposed letting the
individual customer decide for themself
it's a moral question on economic going
so the Charlie guard story is from the
UK it's a completely different system
and and I agree with you that the
parents should be you know the decision
makers and I thought that was a
single-payer system has said that's the
point you have to but it needs to be a
correction please let her finish let her
finish let me finish that's all I'm
asking okay in terms of our health care
system look right now we are dealing
with a situation where a lot of people
can't make their own decisions for
themselves right it's true I mean think
about it if we didn't even have the
Affordable Care Act you couldn't even
make a decision as to which health care
company you would get your coverage from
because they would deny you if you had a
pre-existing condition that's right that
was a big problem but another thing that
I find interesting is Alexis let's look
at Texas for one second okay
in Texas lawmakers are trying to ban
private insurance companies from
offering coverage for reproductive
issues okay they want to make sure that
no private insurance company covers any
abortion costs right now I get it that's
a conservative thing they don't like
abortion so they want to go ahead and
and you know regulate the personal lives
of women but if you genuinely care about
having options then why do you have
conservatives fighting to regulate
private health insurance companies so
they don't cover certain procedures so
actually what they do
what they did you want more options when
you're going you know what they did to
ban certain you're wrong completely on
Texas here's what they did they said we
will not force you to pay for
contraception she's not sure that is
exactly right it's completely different
in fact it is completely different right
now have drafted legislation it has not
passed
I want to google covering abortion
procedures okay that is an example of
conservative lawmakers getting in
between you and your doctors it is and
you guys can look it up you have the
power right at your fingertips so let's
put the government in charge of
everything look at this one potential
abuse in one state I know let's put the
federal government in charge of
everything
Matthew woods I'm from make California
great again we have a booth here and I
would not normally come to this this
meeting here but I was inspired by the
amount of young people that has come to
our booth that are motivated that are
hopeful that are active wanting to get
active I was here last year not one
Trump had not one not one conservative
shirt no almost all the seminars here
were not friendly to conservatives or
Trump in fact they mocked Trump almost
the entire time and yet this year
there's a change and they ain't mocking
Trump like there were last year and not
just trauma but these people want to get
involved these young people looking for
leadership they're looking for hope and
I they hate of the left they've used to
demonize people is gone so so so the
question is how do you see we can
harness these people their passion and I
know there's a lot of problems with
government all these issues of the
Millennials but that they are I think
more conservative than you realize and
they're coming out and I'm hopeful what
what how can we crawl these folks to to
you know we have some bad things
happening in Sacramento so we want to
get them involved what's the best way to
get them involved Thank You Trey that's
the whole question of this panel like
the fundamental question of it and I
mean and so if I was going to you know
my like you know put a bow on it answer
to that I think based on where I'm from
and a lot of the people that I know my
age growing up and this is kind of been
touched on already is that for
conservatives to reach Millennials and
you know activating them and everything
folk and you guys have done a hell of a
job of this focus on the money in that
part and just forget about the you know
Nancy Reagan just say no and fucking
great racism and homophobia and all that
bullshit because Millennials in general
are not gonna go with that and I think
that stuff is a non-starter and I know
earlier you guys said like it's not
really fair that you know we that's not
really how it works anymore we kind of
are moving away from that but I just
don't again having spent 30 years in the
South I just do not think that's true at
all well a state-level
conservative politicians in the south
stay passin Drake draconian let me
stupid regressive bullshit legislation
all the time let me make a couple points
the first is a president Trump believe
it or not he's never got credit for this
it was the first incoming president ever
support gay marriage in the American
history first incoming president you
know I gave him credit for that and
tannaz transphobia bullshit he started
on and another point he was the first
candidate to ever to ever have an openly
gay speaker at the Republican National
Convention and to help run his
transition so there is movement on the
Republican side where there are more
openly gay pundants and Congress people
thank you guy I couldn't have made it
more obvious couldn't I I was like die
raise your hand no a man so but there is
movement so to say that you know all the
younger conservatives are there is a
there is a piece of upward trajectory
that's positive and we are focusing more
on the friend libertarian I want to get
to one more because I'm getting the yank
here and I'm I apologize so okay cool
I'll hear me now yeah so an interest
time I'll just keep it short one of the
problems I've seen particularly from
like the TYT Network
or the regressive left in general right
is these use of like strong men to
archetype conservatives in the bad light
so when the ones I noticed that was used
just in this conversation alone was
saying conservatives don't ever talk
about cutting military spending when in
fact that conversations being had in a
lot of different circles Rand Paul
Justin Amash being some of the leaders
of that so one that one straw man that
comes particularly pertinent to this
conversation I think is listening to the
lead up to this debate and a you
referred to Charlie as a millennial who
hates Millennials not been following
Charlie for a while listen a lot of
speeches I don't think there's anything
that indicates that so I say that
Charlie's a millennial who hates
Millennials when you're giving the
debate breath when Jake said he was
debating ben shapiro and you said hassan
was baiting debating a millennial who
hates millennials i yesterday so i'm
interest to hear you yeah so you so
you've essentially so is that just
purely a straw man or do you have any
evidence to support that i honestly
don't even recall saying that
well there's video evidence i mean the
video don't show you did say that and
you drink too much trump kool-aid
homeboy yes you do so are you just going
to deflect or because there are a lot of
Trump supporters here which I find super
interesting you guys get to support
whoever you want no criticism but I am
curious to see how you feel about the
presidency so far how do you feel how do
you feel about scaramouche's
communications director talking about
you know the fighting it's just really
it's really fascinating so we can sit
here and we can talk about what I said
about Charlie hurt
Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court justice
unemployment at a 16 year low director
that talks about Steve Manon giving
himself oral pleasure I mean I don't
know the Dow breaking 7 all-time record
I'm getting I'm getting the yang all
right can I just yes make one short
comment I do think that perhaps all of
us Millennials can
to your point about self-hating
Millennials or whatever I do think that
we get dumped on as a generation a lot
especially by the people who raised us
yeah so it's like hey boomers like
what's up boomers how did we become the
way we are I think that we get a bad rap
too often I think that were an
incredible generation were the biggest
block of voters so you better stop
dumping on us constantly because we
don't appreciate it and if you want to
if you think that all hope is lost or
people our age look at the innovators
look at the entrepreneurs who are our
age and look at the people serving in
our armed forces who volunteer to defend
us who are our age so I get tired I get
tired of the the trope about Millennials
being the worst the worst Forrest we're
not the Charlie Kirk thing I gotta be
honest with you it was probably when we
were promoting our presence here at
politican Charlie I apologize I dare
Sony for an apology I did it hold on no
no I don't know thank you I did not know
who you were prior to meeting you today
so if I said that I think I just assumed
it's like I know you don't want to hear
from a liberal but that's all right
she's actually apologizing guys she's
actually apologizing for saying you hate
Millennials if that's what I said I I
didn't I didn't even know who you were
good thank you and let me let me wrap it
all up we could go for another couple
hours but I think I'm getting the yank
in the hook so in closing it's
definitely going to be an interesting
next couple election cycles yeah with
without a doubt we got it we got a real
vociferous crowd out here Millennials
will define the future of this country
and the decisions we make in the ballot
box and on college campuses will
determine the future thank you for being
here it's been a wonderful panel watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded or stream it watch it any way
you like at TYT Network comm slash join
