their racial bias in the criminal
justice system in the new Jim Crow
Michelle Alexander talks about black
people are over arrested over prosecuted
over convicted and over sentenced well I
my favorites that when it comes to that
has to do with marijuana because I love
marijuana so it's it's interesting
because there was a study looking
specific hell yeah its study looking
specifically into marijuana use rates
and they compared white marijuana users
to black marijuana users and the
researchers found alright they use
marijuana it's similar rates but it's
interesting because blacks are four
times more likely to be arrested and
prosecuted for marijuana possession
which is by the way I don't care if
you're black white Asian Latino doesn't
matter you shouldn't be prosecuted for
marijuana possession that's a gigantic
waste of our resources
but I found that studies so interesting
because again we're talking about
similar rates but why is it that one
group gets targeted more often than the
other group oh I'm so glad you brought
this up that this is based on self
reports there have been further studies
where they actually drug test the person
after asking do you smoke pot have you
smokes pot in the last week and it turns
out there's a racial difference in
telling the truth on did you smoke pot
blacks were about ten times more likely
to lie and say they hadn't smokin pot
point two you can find you can find it
all we don't nail it to you and you can
post it but at the end the second point
is nobody goes to prison for possession
of pot that's untrue
no I know you're all pot heads you're
gonna have trouble following what I'm
about to say but as you will be able to
read in in your in in failing New York
Times almost 90% of people in prison are
in prison as a result of a plea bargain
no one gets arrested and tried for
possession of marijuana they're cut but
but but if they happen to have marijuana
on them that's what they plea it down -
you don't need witnesses you don't need
a trial but so it may be on the record
but you're not going to prison for that
you're going to prison because you held
up a liquor store with a sawed-off
shotgun and they found hot on you know
may I jump in this is this is one of my
favorite topics I did a TEDx talk on it
so there's been a lot of research into
this why do you guys think we have
private prisons why are our taxpayer
dollars going toward private prisons and
why do I even need them right don't we
have county prisons federal prisons well
it's because in the 1980s because of
Republican leadership we passed a bunch
of draconian laws specifically in regard
to marijuana and so our prison systems
all of a sudden were just filled with
people who got caught with possession of
pots right and so you know these
entrepreneurs see that there's some you
know there's an entrepreneurial
opportunity here and so you have the
emergence of Corrections Corporation of
America and geo group and guess what
they did they're like give us your
nonviolent drug offenders and make us
rich
so your tax dollars aren't really going
to welfare recipients and all these
little guys that you know people want to
distract you with they're going to
private industries like private prisons
who have a vested interest to
criminalize nonviolent individuals
particularly those who get caught with
drugs
should marijuana be legal no you can
legalize all the drugs you want once
there isn't a welfare state but no
marijuana makes people retarded
especially when they're young
we've got enough bus boys we're bringing
in bus boys by the million through our
immigration policy we do not need a
country of Busboys we're destroying the
country should marijuana be legal
absolutely in fact I wish she would
smoke a joint marijuana does not make
people the word that you just said which
is ridiculous
how many you guys don't have to raise
your hands if you feel uncomfortable how
many of you guys smoke pot well there
are lawmakers in this country that would
like to see you in prison Jeff Sessions
happens to be one of them okay
in fact marijuana laws have been so
draconian that it has allowed members of
the DEA to do something known as civil
asset forfeiture which is if you are
even suspected of being in possession of
drugs or trafficking drugs they can go
ahead and take your home they can take
your money they can take your car they
can take your property because hey
they're investigating you and guess what
only a tiny fraction of those
individuals ever get their property back
you don't have to be convicted of
anything you don't have to even face any
serious charges it's just based on
suspicion and Obama actually brought
that back a little bit reeled it back in
a little bit Jeff Sessions comes into
power and all of a sudden there are no
civil asset forfeiture awesome let's
take property away from these innocent
Americans who haven't said anything
wrong but hey our local police
enforcement in the DEA needs some
resources so let's go ahead and
confiscate their property that's what's
happening with the drug war right now if
you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
