would America benefit from lemonade
limiting or eliminating immigrants well
I mean I think it makes sense to limit
immigrants we do have I mean our
resources are not you know they're
finite so of course but just culturally
good financially I mean look I'm not
afraid of different cultures right I I'm
not afraid of people speaking Spanish it
doesn't get me emotional it doesn't make
me feel scared and I know that there are
some people who feel afraid of that
happening my parents are immigrants you
know my dad was born in Syria my mom is
born in Armenia I was born here in Los
Angeles and nothing makes me happier
than seeing different cultural you know
different Heritage's all around me and
and for some reason there's this fear on
the right in regard to different
cultures I know that you and have spoken
extensively about you know oh my god
English is no longer gonna be the main
language in the United States that's not
true that's not true and besides which
why does it make you so uncomfortable to
hear people speak Spanish right and then
you also refer to your own family
members as settlers well okay so they
got the luck of the draw and they were
able to come into this country and
settle without you know people
discriminating against them and stopping
them from doing so but who are we to say
Mexicans can't come in because as you
say you think they're peasants I don't
think they're peasants I actually think
that they enrich this country with their
culture
I'm going to go three boxes
where's all this sneering mocking of
Americans who suddenly wake up one day
and find out there no one is speaking
English in their neighborhoods I think
is extremely elitist and snooty I'm
quite sure you all wouldn't like it if
your kids came home from school and they
sounded like Sarah Palin I think that
would be a cultural shock for you
certainly in California most of the
neighborhoods that have gone all
Hispanic are black neighborhoods and not
through casual casual movement one of
the ways our culture changes with with
with immigration both legal and illegal
is there is there is not a lot of
Tolerance as much tolerance as Americans
have you have black gangs or rather
Hispanic gangs going into the black
neighborhoods
screaming epithets throwing bottles at
their houses the LA Times has written
this up extensively so I think it's very
sneering and mocking of you to be
referring to mostly African American and
other immigrant neighborhoods that
suddenly aren't speaking English and oh
they're afraid of Spanish no they think
that their kids shouldn't be turned away
from a job at McDonald's because they
don't speak Spanish that was one one
witness's testimony in Congress a black
guy from Los Angeles and some flurries
why does it make a difference that
you're a settler no it isn't that we
should just first first-come-first-serve
no it's that settlers created this
country it wasn't clear
and yet a lot of things change when we
bring in particularly such large numbers
I mean there's a reason that the main
immigration restriction is group in the
country is called numbers USA not you
know Mexican sucks USA it's that we do
need to assimilate people to this
wonderful country of ours where we do
learn to be tolerant and not practice
racism or anti-semitism and respect one
another well for those of you who think
that anti-semitism has gotten worse the
ADL does Studies on this every year and
every year they find that the main
practitioners of anti-semitism are your
hispanic friends so you might want to
reconsider the mass just a menacing them
all was there coming you know I mean we
do have a wonderful country and we need
to take time to assimilate people not
let them live in ghettos and bring in
their cultures there's a reason they
left their cultures to come to our
culture and we didn't leave our culture
to go to theirs
when you say the settlers created the
country are you including the enslaved
Americans as settlers or is that a
separate group not settlers in that
sense but I mean as many people have
pointed out we are not a multiracial
country we are not a multicultural
country we are a biracial country for
400 years this country was black and
white and we have had black people here
as long as wife is a biracial country
and African Americans can I finish this
point it seems to have set off the
ground
look african-americans obviously got the
short end of the stick for about 200
years this is why I was as explaining in
the last panel this is why we have civil
rights this is why we have
constitutional provisions this is why we
allow what this is why we have
affirmative action it wasn't the rainbow
coalition it was to make up to redress
specific grievances done to
african-americans slavery Jim Crow laws
and now suddenly you know everybody's
running across the border and oh me too
me too I'm part of this no no no no
civil rights are for African Americans
they are not for people who arrived
yesterday or last week we didn't do
anything
- you Republicans didn't do anything
done okay okay
I mean I there's just wow I don't even
know where to start so in that
long-winded rant you proceeded to insult
people in a racist way and then have the
audacity to say that our immigration
policies are racist or allowing more
immigrants in would lead to more racism
it's it's anything I said racist you
just talked about people speaking
Spanish and how their how their how
parents don't want to hear that because
they're concerned that their kids might
want to end up working at McDonald's
you're assuming you know you're working
once a century
no you are listening no there was there
was a testimony before Congress from la
communities where black Witnesses were
going and saying my kid applied to the
local McDonald's they wouldn't hire him
because he didn't speak Spanish
it is mostly black communities that are
being overwhelmed with illegal
immigrants and to be mocking them and
saying they're afraid of Spanish people
I think is very dismissive and insult
here's what happens in this creep hold
on
you like the free market right you love
the free market I love the free market
as well as long as you don't have let me
finish my point you can okay in a free
market of course there will be
competition for certain jobs right and
so the most skilled worker is likely to
get that position being bilingual is a
skill you're able to communicate
and I get it if you're not bilingual it
makes you uncomfortable you're not as
competitive but guess what you know we
live in a country where you have all the
resources at your fingertips you can
learn a language for free online and so
enough with this victimhood because I
feel like there's a lot of victimhood
coming from you right now
right if you want to compete for these
jobs go out there and learn pick
yourself up by the bootstraps learn a
new language
there's nothing
support independent media come join us
the Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
