you talked a lot about immigration but
slide into the immigration portion of
the afternoon/evening
what is the reason why most people who
are immigrants come to live in America
it varies it varies quite a bit I also
want to say Bernie Sanders dropped the
jobs issue and dropped the working-class
issue why because he's put through the
meat grinder of one of the main
political parties and you are not going
to get it is the UNEP RT in Washington
against the people that was what Trump
representative and then and the proof of
that was the interview the interview
that Bernie gave I think it was two
salon and he was said something about he
was asked about I remember the guy that
that I can't think of his name right now
anyway who said well you know florists
here for open borders and Bernie Sanders
said no that's a Koch brothers idea they
want the cheap labor that was what his
position used to be but then Ono has to
be for open borders because he's running
as a Democrat that is what hurts the
working class the low-wage workers more
than anything else we're just gonna keep
dumping more low-wage workers on the
country and that is in answer to your
question I mean a lot of them are coming
for the welfare benefits now as Milton
Friedman said you can't have a welfare
state and open borders and we're getting
a lot of that now three 1970 immigrants
three 1970 immigrants made more money
bought more houses than the people who
already lived here post 1970 immigrants
vastly poorer than the people who
already lived here well that's just
competing for resources both for good
government benefits and for jobs from
our own poor people how about we bring
in people to compete with with with talk
show hosts and senators and governors
and Wall Street bankers then we'll see
you know how much compassion we have for
the rest of the world but Mark
Zuckerberg doesn't want somebody to
compete with him for his job he wants
some
bringing people to compete for his
landscapers job that that is how Donald
Trump cares about the people who are
being hurt and have been left behind and
ignored by both political parties for
decades now I have a response back
so all it takes is a quick google search
to find that undocumented immigrants
have no access to government benefits in
fact
in 1996 Bill Clinton and legislators at
the time made it incredibly difficult
for immigrants who are in the country
legally to have access to government
benefits or organic government programs
and so it's a complete fear-mongering
talking point from the right that people
are coming into this country and they're
mooching off American taxpayers the only
people who are mooching off of American
taxpayers right now are oil companies
and the wealthiest people
it's it's it's it's really a great it's
a great it's a great it's a great
distraction to have Americans look at
the little guy and blame them for all
their problems when the wealthiest
people in this country are basically
raping and pillaging us right
to go back to Trey's original question
about why people are coming into this
country right now immigration from
Mexico so Mexican immigrants is down
okay Mexicans are not trying to come
into the country the way they were
before mostly because of some of our
policies but more importantly because
their economy is doing better right so
they have no reason to come here
economic reasons was the main reason why
Mexican immigrants were coming into the
u.s. but all of a sudden we're seeing an
increase of people from Guatemala
Honduras and El Salvador trying to cross
the border
first of all across the border into
Mexico and then cross into the United
States which has become pretty
impossible considering the increased
border security that we have because of
the Obama administration now why are
they trying to come in well there have
been spikes and violence in those
countries
okay there have been drug traffickers
cartels that have increased violence
you've heard about you know
decapitations and all that stuff well
the reason why they're so powerful is
because of the drug war that you're very
supportive of we've spent one trillion
dollars on the war on drugs since 1971
we're not only wasting our resources
were literally fueling drug cartels in
other countries which is upping the ante
when it comes to undocumented
immigration in the country
a lot of studies show that the number
one reason that immigrants give for
illegally crossing border is family
reunification they want to reunite with
their family do you think that it is
immoral to break immigration law to
reunite with your family it is a total
lie that illegal immigrants do not get
all kinds of government assistance but
don't just look up any idiot can write
on the Internet
look it up they can get these wood
stamps they go into emergency rooms they
get schooling they get
english-as-a-second-language they get
the SNAP program whoa they get full
health care in California it is not
saying that illegal immigrants are the
little guy they're not our guys
Americans don't have a problem paying
for our own poor our own sick our own
injured but the idea is we're like a
family we're all in this state of
welfare and you say but you know there
but for the grace of God go I okay but
you don't get to this isn't the entire
world we're talking about we're not
turning America into you know the
universe's charity ward we need to take
care of our own and that's what's
hurting the
the reason illegal immigrants say
they're coming for family reunification
is because that that's what you got you
a free bus pass and a box lunch in the
Obama era whatever they need to say to
be moved into the interior of the
country but this idea that oh oh I am do
you can't break up my family well okay
all of you go back then
I think it's hilarious that you're
sitting here saying that you care about
taking care of our poor people and
spending our taxpayer money on
government programs that help our poor
people you've been on the record on
multiple occasions talking about how
much you hate the welfare state and so
you don't care about taking care of
anyone you care about lower taxes for
yourself and that's pretty much it
support independent media come join us
at the Young Turks TYT Network comm /
join
