let me start with you and then we'll
come back to you so we keep it moving is
Trump being an effective president so
far I think Trump has done a really good
job at being effective in creating
scandal in the White House and I have to
be I have to be quite honest it's a
little disturbing to read articles like
what just came out from The New Yorker
with Ryan Lizza
and some of the statements that were
made by scare Moochie who was supposed
to be here but apparently didn't show up
you know we are supposed to have some
level of civility in government
regardless of what political affiliation
you have and right now we are dealing
with a Russia scandal we're dealing with
infighting within the White House we're
dealing with all sorts of chaos and
there have been no legislative wins so
far
now ants right it's been seven months
but remember when Trump was campaigning
he made a lot of promises about what
he's gonna do on day one what he's gonna
do on day one well what has he done
since day one I mean he has definitely
applied for more visas for foreign
workers to come in and work for his
properties he's definitely done that he
has increased the cap for foreign
workers to come into the country and so
he basically turned his back on his base
and I'm unsure whether or not they're
even aware of that so no he hasn't been
an effective president if anything
there's been a lot of entertaining drama
and scandal but that's it well I was
going to say
for one thing I would not consider the
scaramouche II interview the highlight
of the Trump presidency so far but I was
trying to remember can you really not
hear me serious he can't hear
I'm getting a lot of thumbs up I know
this is crazy but I kind of want to
adjust it because I've mic myself every
day do you mind if I do it that you can
already hear all right like it can't be
on that side can you talk a little five
how's that working can you hear me I
think we're gonna have to do that what I
was saying about the seven months is
when I think about you know before I
don't remember anything till Obamacare
passed I don't remember anything
Obama did so yeah there's been a lot of
excitement some of which I'm not that
thrilled about but is he an effective
president well how do you judge that
what did he run on what did he promise I
think none of his supporters maybe some
of them really just thought it would be
fun to have this tacky billionaire in
the White House I think most people
thought no he's the only one raising the
issues we have been dying to have some
president raised and you know screw you
Republicans screw you Democrats we're
gonna put this nut in the Oval Office
because he will at least put Americans
first and not Wall Street first and has
he done that well in seven months he's
really going after ms-13 he's attempting
to prevent terrorists from coming into
the country
the court said we're getting massive
resistance from the Democrats as usual
as we got during the civil rights era
but he'll win in the end
he's interviewing for the wall he has a
fantastic Attorney General he has a
fantastic head of ice so as for what he
has promised and whether he's
implementing it I'd give him a B I'm
looking for an a by the midterms
i I want to be like Switzerland
like when Eiffel here and not take aside
but occasional things may jump out at me
do you want to respond to that I want to
just just wanted does the president
think that he has a fantastic Attorney
General he seems to not agree with you
well if we're going to get into the
flaws of the of the Trump administration
I mean I think the original sin was
something that I've been perfectly open
with with him and the world about
Americans don't like nepotism I don't
think he should have brought his
son-in-law into the White House and I
think a lot of this has to do with him
being worried about the investigation
going after his son and why I think he's
right not to want an Independent Counsel
there's a reason Congress got rid of the
Independent Counsel law you can't just
have this unaccountable roving
Commission looking at everything you've
ever done I understand I feel this pain
I feel this frustration but no you
shouldn't be you know s posting your own
attorney general if you don't like him
fire me or the president but look he's
done I don't think that is nearly as bad
as the first thing I didn't like that he
did and it's really just about two
things and that was you know one of the
things we voted for don't get us
involved in any more pointless wars and
that bombing of Syria again hmm I see a
little a little nepotism issue here I
mean the claim in the New York Times in
the Washington Post was Ivanka saw some
pictures of children and started crying
no daddy daddy we have to bomb Syria so
Ivanka cried kids died but his base
punched back and at least we are not
involved in a war in Syria and by the
way we would have been in Syria in
Russia in Iran if it had been anyone
else running for president with the
possible exception of Bernie Sanders so
I would say he's
he hasn't gotten us involved in a
pointless war and he is pretty well
following through on on the immigration
stuff he's pretty well following through
on the trade stuff that's all I care
about I don't care about the tweet
I love the tweets all right so there's
there's quite a bit to jump in on but
the first thing that I want to address
is this notion that he is not escalating
war abroad which is completely false so
within the first three months of his
presidency he actually escalated some of
Obama's foreign policy in the form of
drone strikes in fact it increased 423
percent we are bombing like crazy in
places like Yemen okay and this whole
notion that you know oh this Muslim ban
is trying to keep the terrorists out of
the country doesn't anyone else find it
a little strange that Saudi Arabia one
of the countries that was obviously
involved in what happened on 9/11 is not
part of that Muslim ban right so I mean
I know that the right wing has been very
vociferous in terms of trying to make
Saudi Arabia pay some consequences for
it
Trump isn't making him pay any
consequences because he has two
financial interests there I want to go
way back to what you said about you know
legislative winds and policy when it
comes to the issue of immigration it's
kind of fascinating because Obama got a
lot of criticism for being soft on
immigrants right but by the end of 2010
he had allocated 12 billion dollars
toward border security and he had hired
40,000 new border agents as a result
less undocumented immigrants were coming
in more of them were leaving between
2005 and 2010 we actually had 11.5
million undocumented immigrants leave
the country mostly because of economic
reasons the economy in Mexico was
starting to do a little better and
people wanted to leave so there were
winds when it came to Obama he did do
things and he got a lot of criticism
from the left when it came to his
immigration policy but the reality is
Donald Trump hasn't done anything yet
other than attempt to ban people from
some Muslim countries and pretend like
he's a tough guy in reality he's not a
tough guy he hasn't succeeded in
anything and health care is the latest
example of that
help us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
