alright politican is on so today was the
first day and it was Hassan piker vs.
charlie kirk son dominated him so you
could actually watch that right now on
youtube.com slash tyt that that is
already up then it was Ana Kasparian vs.
Ann Coulter a complete evisceration so
you watched it live here on youtube.com
slash tyt if you were if you were
watching between 8:00 and 9:00 o'clock
tonight
we have to get the tape version up for
you guys in a little bit so stay tuned
for that if you didn't see it live it'll
come up right here and I mean by the end
it I felt like the crowd was almost
ready to chant finish her finish her and
I was so dominant but you're gonna see
it for yourselves here in a little bit
when once we put up the video she had
facts and you know what Ann Coulter had
nothing but we can't trust people that
aren't white I mean you watch you for
yourself I I don't have to put words in
her mouth because whatever comes out of
that mouth is already toxic enough but
Ana was dominant it was a thing to
behold I look I'm going over the top on
this I don't want to overhype it because
I want you to watch it but at the same
time I feel like that was one of the
most dominant debate performances I've
ever seen okay so tomorrow two amazing
things are happening and I don't want
you to miss it that's what I'm doing
this video one is at 2:30 Eastern we're
gonna go live here on youtube.com slash
qit with a panel that I'm on what now
Democrats so what is the Democratic
Party gonna do there's going to be
establishment folks down there and
there's gonna be progressives on there
senator Klobuchar is on Bob Shrum is on
Sally Cohen is on Symone Sanders is on
Symone Sanders communications for Bernie
Sanders campaign and I'm on the debate
it is being moderated by crystal ball I
will come guns blazing there okay you
know where I stand I'm in the
progressive camp and I am NOT going to
take it easy on anyone
okay let's have a real discussion that's
not a debate that's a discussion okay
but I have a very strong opinion on that
on which the way the Democratic Party
should go and then finally at night at
8:30 p.m. Eastern Title match
Ben Shapiro versus me okay I am told
that he is the intellectual heavyweight
of conservatives I guess that's a low
bar anyway we'll see we'll see come and
see come and see so if you can come to
Politico tomorrow see it live at places
electric so Ann Coulter walks in and the
crowd starts chanting tu y t tu hi t so
but at the Hasan Charlie Kirk debate it
was 50/50 50% at TYT 50% Magga so I have
no idea what the crowds gonna be like in
my debate with Ben I I don't know which
way he's gonna go with it and let's see
let's see he pees all that the the right
wing cracks him up to be so it and I'm
told by the right wing that I I can't
debate so I'm told that I'm going to be
owned can't wait can't wait so if you
can't go to Politico comm slash tyt and
come watch it live okay Politico nikon
slash tyt if you're not anywhere near
Southern California that's okay right
here youtube.com slash tyt we're going
live don't miss it
it's 8:30 p.m. Eastern okay and by the
way if you're watching this video at a
later date and this debate already
happening you're wondering how you watch
it now that's okay just type search ben
shapiro on our channel again one more
time youtube.com slash t
