welcome to the happy half-hour
internet-only edition we're here with M
Schultz check out their podcast and
that's why we drink which is fantastic
you guys thank you first half was
paranormal and there was half paranormal
and half his real-life true crime
mystery yes yes I covered the ghosts so
so a lot of the times you it's creepy
things that people do and yeah and exist
here's the creepiest thing I've seen
recently Mark Wahlberg's daily schedule
I'm ready
he's just tweeted it out you just sweet
that's kind of creepy on its own when do
you think Mark Wahlberg wakes up I was
gonna say like a normal time but I'm
guessing he wakes up at a wild time like
for Mark Wahlberg wakes up at 2:30 in
the morning why when does he go to bed
wait hey just get through the whole day
first so he wakes up at 2:30 because his
prayer time is at 2:45 and that lasts a
half hour okay what all right and then
once he's done with prayer time it's
breakfast at 3:15 in the morning the
witching hour well he got he has to get
it that's when his body is most
spiritually available right haha
nutrients all the energy and most
spiritual and food wise his workout
starts at 3:40 in the morning when do
you think it finishes 6:00 5:15 okay
better than what I thought but he that's
just because at 5:30 he has a
post-workout meal oh my gosh so second
breakfast okay second breakfast and then
he has at 6 o'clock it's a shower at
7:30 a.m. it's golf golf every day
I guess that's this typical daily
schedule and then at 10:30 it's a snack
ok 3rd breakfast look at 11 o'clock a.m.
family time meetings work calls
I like how sometimes where it comes
first like if you put family time in
something you can't add like slash work
I also like that he starts life at 2:00
in the morning but like at once like
seven or nine hours have passed he can
like have family time and that's like
the beginning of their day right some
people need coffee before they go to
work yeah
he needs a round of golf before he kids
more than an entire day before he sees
his family he does a bunch of stuff like
lunch meetings and work calls again at
2:00 he picks up the kids at 3:00 has a
snack a workout a shower dinner and
family time and he's in bed at 7:00 7:30
Oh Andy takes two showers a day that's
kind of hot on its own good for him
I mean at least we know he smells good
one thing we know about Mark Wahlberg is
he smells of good the mystery of what
his day looks like is solved check out
Emma's podcast and that's why we drink
and we'll see you next time on happy
hour
