TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis
wouldn't that be great
now look you got to check out our series
ten days of action to learn more about
what you can do to make a difference and
go see an inconvenient sequel truth the
power of theatres in New York and LA on
July 28th and nationwide August 4th so a
drawing by President Donald Trump of the
New York skyline just sold for close to
$30,000 this was a sketch the Donald
Trump drew for a charity campaign in
2005 but it was auctioned on Thursday
let's take a look at his artwork there
it is with that that signature right
underneath it so the simple drawing
which prominently features Trump Tower
was created for a 2005 campaign to
support child literacy by mail and
company Pitney Bowes Trump along with
actors athletes and Senator John McCain
and Joe Lieberman sketched drawings on
the back of envelopes that were then
auctioned off thought it'd be sort of
fun to compare and contrast this artwork
stylings of president's current and
presidents of the past so let's take a
look at some artwork from George W Bush
I want to join Shelby Bush of George HW
Bush he has Tony Blair Wow it's nice he
gets there the tone and the hair is
really good you know what look we're the
most fair show in America coz when oh
there's I this is what yes oh this is
Dwight D Eisenhower I looked up other
presidents you might not have expected
also had some artwork and this is Jimmy
Carter oh so now I want I want to get
minute an answer from this panel given
the artwork you were just shown where
does Donald Trump ring
okay so we're the most fair show in
America because when Bush started doing
those drawings they were miserable okay
it you remember he said oh you know in
our time we go down a Crawford ranch
okay
and the Crawford ranch was a gimmick to
hold him he sold it immediately he said
what am i clear underbrush yet no he
went to his mansion instead of doing
drawings and they leaked and they were
miserable and then we made fun of them
right but now those other ones they're
not that bad the one of his that is
pretty good
I like I liked it better than all of
them and I love Carter but I'd rather
you know I don't know if I'd rather have
George HW Bush in my house but but I
like that painting a little bit more
than I like the bird paintings I know it
looks Trump sis
Yeah right
I mean look there's a lot of things that
criticized Trump over this is at the
very bottom of the list there's the
things suck of course it's a-ok power is
the one with the little squid yeah it
just kind of looks like he drew a bar
graph and put a crown on one of them
you're not really what it looks like I
think it's funny that this picture was
to raise money for children's literacy
maybe let's get kids to pictures for
child literacy to be perfect oh man
child's but I will face still I would
prefer him to quit and take apart all
right no you're really good at painting
look with George W did right that's
right you thought through view yeah
better you start small who knows or he
could go hang out at Color Me Mine
he or he does coloring he colors his
hair orange that's his best work or his
worst work so anyway on this one I
pardon you Trump and trust me my drawing
would be worse if you liked this video
you'll love the whole TYT Network check
it out a TYT Network comm slash join
