TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see an inconvenient
sequel truth the power of theatres in
New York and LA on July 28th and
nationwide August 4th we have an update
to the story about a Tennessee judge who
offered sentence reductions in exchange
for inmates getting vasectomies and/or
birth control so judge Sam Bedingfield's
now rescinded standing order was first
issued in May and allowed White County
inmates to wipe 30 days off their
sentences if they agreed to a vasectomy
women were able to receive a Nexplanon
birth control implant for the same
sentence reduction the American Civil
Liberties Union of Tennessee applauded
Bedingfield's reversal Noda they say
quote to the individual faced with these
collateral consequences of time spent
behind bars a choice between
sterilization or contraception and a
reduced
jail sentence is not much of a choice at
all this comes from the executive
director the judge's order crossed a
constitutional line and we are pleased
that he rescinded it for his part
benningfield told The Times Free Press
quote I wasn't on a crusade I don't have
a mission I thought I could help a few
folks get them thinking and primarily
help children he cited a meeting with
the Tennessee representatives from the
Department of Health and they were
seeking to educate inmates on the
dangers of using drugs while pregnant
and who's also talking about offering
free contraceptives and pointed to other
local judges who are offering sentence
reductions in exchange for the
completion of educational programs now
obviously he jacked that up a whole
bunch worth noting though is although
vasectomies of birth control implants
are no longer available in exchange for
less time to serve inmates in White
County can still receive two days of
credit on their sentences if they
successfully complete a Tennessee
Department of Health neonatal syndrome
education program that seems pretty
reasonable to me are you surprised that
he changed us too and guys well you got
a lot of heat for it a lot of heat and I
don't know his politics but I know that
some conservatives are like yeah let's
use it discectomies yeah oh wait I
thought you guys were against birth
control yeah all one is for poor people
all of a sudden you are for birth
control
isn't that funny how it works in fact
permanent birth control that is quite
funny and so is it constitutional no
he's like well it's optional no no you
can't say all right well now you
committed a robbery or something you get
seven years but you cannot go you're off
your sentence for if we cut off your
pinky look you might take it you might
lay your of your life's a big deal you
might no we're not talking about
people's pinkies we're not the Taliban
that's we're not giving vasectomies to
guys and by the way for only 30 days
office sentence that's ridiculous
yeah I think I was gonna ask you if
Wight County is a poor place I don't
have a chance to look it up but you know
like in the 70s and the 70s there was a
big amount of women of color who had -
Oh God hysterectomies that was a very
big thing in poor communities that just
reminded me of this it feels like
history is repeating itself and it's
like not the good history I'm all for
educational programs that help people
who are in prison because a lot of them
don't have a strong educational
background if they come from poor places
but vasectomies and nor plants guys come
on
yeah and and look finally if you have a
question as to why he's doing this
and the effects of it so at first when I
saw the headline back when this first
story came out and he had announced this
I thought no it's probably for rape
right and so I'm still against that
because that's that's not what we should
be doing to people I mean we're gonna
make them eunuchs right but it turns out
it's not for rape I'm like vasectomies
for what then and then I read the part
about you know birth control for women
because they might be on drugs and it
could hurt the baby I'm like okay maybe
alright at least it's there's a fig leaf
there right and then I found out no it's
also for guys for random crimes so no it
didn't have anything to do with
protecting the kids or protecting women
it turns out you thought these people
are bums they shouldn't have kids if
these people have kids I mean the kids
are well but by definition they will
suffer because they're you know look at
these people and know even if it's not
based on race and historically it has
been in this case again I don't want to
judge too harsh I don't know the exact
contours of the the people it applies to
but it almost certainly has to do with
class yeah right yeah and he he's sort
of sites this where he says that he was
looking at some of the people that he
had incarcerated and he was talking
about women whose children had to be
removed and like drug addiction like you
were talking about and then with regards
to the men because that's sort of the
question here he was saying that they
were having trouble not supporting these
kids and he decided to take an extra
step that's that's how he qualified it
but this is what I mean especially when
you know that there are other there are
educational programs to be offered this
is way too severe you know what let me
say one last thing about it again I
don't know why I'm being so polite to
this guy like I maybe you were having
read his statements I'm not positive
that he has bad intent right and he
might think that he has good intent
which is actually how a lot of
stereotypes work you don't know that
you're like you don't actively think
like oh I hate poor people or whatever
right but he has assumptions built in
this like you know said to him hey you
know what your neighbor is a tax evader
and and so he's really rich and he's
doing well and his kids are going to
this or whatever right but he's a he's a
serious criminal who stole way more or
he did a white-collar crime he stole way
more than the guy who you want to give a
vasectomy to do you think we should
neuter him he would say no he's a good
upstanding citizen that's right right
yeah that bias is built into his head so
when he sees a poor person female or
male for whatever crime he thinks they
shouldn't be having kids yeah well
everyone thinks they're a good guy in
their own story and and and
unfortunately he doesn't realize his own
prejudice in asserting that on mobile
hypes of people helped us build the
independent media together come join us
TYT Network calm /join
