we now turn to Russia where it's cold
the only thing colder is our
relationship with Russia which may were
afraid we'd get warmer and warmer with
Trump at at the helm but the House and
Senate have both passed a sanctions
package by overwhelming majorities that
Senate passed it 98 to 2 the House
passed it 413 to 3 a sanction package
that included sanctions against among
others Russia there has been retaliation
already from the Russian Foreign
Ministry according to this quote that we
found in talking points memo Russians
Foreign Ministry said it is ordering the
US Embassy in Russia to reduce the
number of diplomats by September 1st
Russia will also close down the
embassies recreational retreat on the
outskirt outskirts of Moscow as well as
warehouse facilities Wow that'll show us
there goes our recreational retreat we
did the same thing to that really bad so
we did to be fair we really did so
they're jungle-gym is our democracy guys
they're gonna turn it into an air B&B
yeah they're renting us out for sure so
this actually believe it or not is the
most important news of the day even with
Obamacare being saved by McCain even
with Reince Priebus being fired I mean
really how could this be more important
because this is the thing that Trump
needed to deliver to Putin that this is
his end of the bargain and the whole
point of Putin meddling with our
elections was because the sanctions were
killing him and it's not because he
deeply cares about the Russian people
but he wasn't to do better no it's the
oligarchs that were making money off of
this that are Putin's cronies and
putting himself and one of the things
that the sanctions did was it froze
their bank accounts they're super mad
about that not everywhere they still
have plenty of money but he did freeze
them here and in some instances so this
end it stopped a half a trillion dollar
deal that the Russia's had with
ExxonMobil that had a potential revenue
of 9 trillion dollars so there was all
the money in the world on this on these
sanctions so the whole and that's why
Trump had been saying all along oh we
got
yep we gotta improve our relationship
with Russia you know we're gonna you
know we got a look at the sanctions to
see how we could improve it and as they
were proposing this in the house in the
Senate Trump sent his guys to go no
don't do it don't do it okay and he
tried to weaken the bill and get rid of
the bill and he was not successful and
then when it looked like you were about
to pass a score Moochie yes if it comes
out it's like well that's because the
president might have to veto it
they're like you're gonna you're gonna
be told bill that passed 419 two three
and a half right and he's like well
because he wants to hang she's to be
stronger yeah even tougher deal against
the Russians is the exact quote and then
so all the branches ask yeah they're
like wait a minute then why were you
lobbying for all these weeks and months
to make it weaker okay it makes no sense
at all so if Trump cannot deliver on his
end of the bargain
what does Putin do next so that's a
super now trebs got a couple options
here one you would normally no president
would have any options here because if
you veto it you'll look like an ass
because you're trying to say I don't
care how popular it is and I don't care
how right it is and I don't care my
little butt that my own intelligence
agencies are saying there's no dissent
at all the rush is definitely meddled in
our elections I'm gonna do put in a
favor anyway and it'll be a temporary
one because they're gonna override my
veto but I gotta show my loyalty to
Putin well that shows us what what the
game is what the deal was and it's super
obvious that you're on the side of the
Russians and they're right and so so if
he does that these he's damned because
we know exactly what he's up to
on the other hand if he doesn't be to it
which is at least this show respect and
loyalty to Putin if he doesn't veto it
he dies has shown that loyalty to Putin
then God knows what else Putin releases
next PJ
okay now look soapy tape aside do you
had it one of those together damn oh
yeah oh you oh we can do it chair of the
city I got it I got it
the Trump art Kelly now put the other
mixtape anyway so but huh but in all
seriousness you know how that story
broke about how Donald Trump jr. had a
meeting with a Russian lawyer and there
was the emails very clearly saying now
remember this is the Russian government
trying to help your father and and I
said at the time man that looks like a
setup and they they gave him no useful
information but all of a sudden they had
Don jr. Jared Kushner and Paul Mann
afford his campaign chief all on the
hook for meeting with Russian officials
which is could be illegal in two
different ways so they had corporal Mott
on them and remember Trump goes and
meets with Putin Putin asked for things
in two different meetings apparently did
not get them because Trump does not have
the power to give it to them because
Congress is blocking him and then all
after that meeting boom all of a sudden
we find out that there's a leak of the
emails of Don Trump jr. and those guys
meeting with the Russians this is scary
like can I just be honest like this is
really scary sorry yeah like that
all that I mean you drawing these
connections I mean you're going a little
mad out on me but I love it
but but it is really serious yeah what
is Putin's response going to be and the
fact that he has holding all this
compliment like what does he have so now
you will see if I'm right or wrong
because Trump may look man you cannot
beat through this bill Coreper said he's
a deeply republican senator from
Tennessee you've got a quote we get out
of the graphic this graphic 13 he said I
cannot imagine anybody is seriously
thinking about vetoing this bill it's
not good for any president and most
governor's don't like to be doing things
that are going to be overridden it shows
a diminishment of their authority I just
don't think it's a good way to start off
as president what do you mental in the
Senate it was 98 to 2 you know that we
can override your veto we need to get
two-thirds override your veto which
would normally be difficult but in this
case is exceedingly simple so you just
be punching yourself in the face for no
reason at all unless there was a reason
yeah so and if I am right look I don't
know which way he's gonna go but let's
say that he does not be told cuz it's
pointless yeah
yeah his advisers say what the hell
would approve it wouldn't help Putin it
wouldn't help anybody it's gonna get
overridden and and will look guilty for
if we were gonna look guilty but it
worked and they couldn't override your
veto let's do it right but it won't work
anyways so why bother looking guilty
what about trying to I mean I think the
whole Trump tactic has been to speak to
this silent majority and apparently
their base that is dwindling and
dwindling and dwindling but you override
Congress I mean um you know you veto it
and say you know Congress is against the
American people I'm with the American
people I have their backs trust me like
this is gonna lead to better deals
Russia is our friend all the other stuff
I mean that's the only strategic
obviously also she would have to say
Russia is our ethnic friend they are a
race friend like that's the only way it
could be more of a dog whistle to these
people and I don't even know who who
this Russian argument resonates with it
just that's the thing it kind of wants
to you know do all this pub like
populist stuff over here make you focus
on that and then behind closed doors
appeal to Russia because I think the by
and large these people who are the
populist supporters of him who take all
the race bait they they they don't
gravitate toward deals with all that
I don't think his I don't think that his
populist supporters are the ones that
take all the race bait I think I'm
talking about the very alt-right folks
who were protesting you know Confederate
statues coming down who were literally
with tiki torches and they were tiki
saying Russia is our friend Russia I
mean those you know they that is a scary
chance so but I I could see them doing
it also because like once you have the
veto button you're like dude uh puns
yeah right yeah so so and by the way
don't get me wrong the sanctions are not
by themselves necessarily a good thing
and there's a lot of different opinions
we could have about on there's North
Korean and Iranian sanctions in here and
some people who are against being
interventionist like Rand Paul and
Bernie Sanders are the two boats that
actually voted against it I understand
all that but you know the Trump is not
gonna have a principled position like
hey you know what I think I agree with
Bernie Sanders on this one hey he's
gonna say that even Bernie Sanders was
against Bernie Sanders is against the
Iran sanctions cuz it jeopardizes this
nuclear deal
yeah that's he's not gonna say that part
yeah so and and finally so if I am right
and he's forced to be to it then if at
that point Russia could release more
compromise now I'm giving you that as a
marker as usual ahead of time so it if
those chain of events happens and and he
vetoes it and then next week there's new
stuff that's leaked that is damaging to
the Trump administration then you'll
know what happened but now we got the
mooch the mooch is gonna fire them
you're all fired
yeah much good luck firing a lot of your
boot elbows build independent media
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm slash join
