okay go ahead drop it
pop up our panel you get it many things
must be noted John either Ola Jack atlas
you guys asked was gonna be Jack atlas
it's hot right now in here it's also
Friday and I'm really out of it I was
sleeping on the floor of an office like
an hour ago
I'm sure let me babies all I have to say
to that but we'll get back to that in a
second you'll see those them there you
go
Mark Thompson my name is Jay huger some
of you know that okay so a number of
things first of all let's note for the
record shop TYT calm okay vote shop 218
Martin Luther King over there so so I
love that shirt I'd love this one Imran
Sheikh one of our viewers did this one
thank you Ron super appreciated shop TYT
calm do you get it fine sure its second
of all you know we've been adding more
and more stuff to membership because the
membership drive so one of the things we
brought back to great acclaim is behind
the scenes so members get
behind-the-scenes footage
mark we're gonna have to shoot where
your poker games see mark depressed and
together in a way I've never been
depressed and ejected on the show anyway
yes my life is open to you for for
membership you see mark wagering a pinky
all right anyways so I yeah I imagine
that because John's done a couple of
them I've done a couple of them today
and I knew that the behind the scenes
would eventually become like a reality
show and there'd be different characters
like who get mad at each other and drama
and all that stuff and it began today
but in an unexpected way the two
characters against each other are me
against my cat so the controversies
involved are do I have cat scratch fever
and is my cat trying to kill me okay so
that's gonna be awkward the members of
behind-the-scenes TYT dot-com sighs
joined to become a member get all the
fun okay and then today we got a lot of
different power panels lots of different
combos people go on in and out we're
gonna mix it up we got big stories for
you guys obviously the Cavanaugh
accusations are amazing fascinating
controversial a lot of different people
from across the political spectrum have
different points of view on it we'll
talk about that a little bit later we've
got massive breaking news on manna fort
and now we have a lot more information
than we did yesterday and even
Dershowitz who was Trump's informal
lawyer on TVs going oh he did not add
take take take take but that might be
coming soon as well so we've got a lot
of show ahead for you guys so John I
always want to say sure loose but no
thank god he hasn't gone full arts jokes
so Jack Atlas John go okay you know I
have a piece of paper in my hand with
some good news that I was gonna start
the show off with but now you guys have
been sort of annoying me maybe you don't
need these okay you don't need this poll
from Florida you look fantastic I was
gonna okay Florida poll Gilliam versus
De Santis is Rasmussen which as we know
tends to lean more towards the
Republican that's right that's right so
I'm just curious because we've been
doing a lot of predictions lately what
do you think it is so if you're saying
that it's a good poll that I we would
like and it's from Rasmussen which
doesn't lean Republican it it's
massively Republican it is he and what I
mean by that is not just the people who
run it or commissioned a Republican it
has historically over pulled in the
direction of Republicans and when
compared to the actual results in the
elections so I'm giving you that big
long setup if brass mice's got Gilliam
up by five he might be a
9 so I'm gonna say 5 yeah Gil Gil him up
by 5 the Democrat Gilliam 48 percent
DeSantis 42 percent so that's likely
Florida voters also note that voters who
say they are certain to vote Gilliam
leads by 5 no Republican Party that
Southern Strategy tick tick tick tick
so this Santis came out in the first
after he won a Gilliam won and said we
don't want to monkey this up it was the
it was not a dog with so it was a human
or so we all heard it and it was mote
the most brazen obvious way of injecting
monkey into a sentence I have ever seen
so and his thesis was it's you would
imagine hey I'm gonna get my racist
voters to vote against Andrew Gilliam
and Ike there's more racist in Florida
than minorities and that's my strategy
to which we now say based on their their
polling and a Ramin the Republican
polling through Rasmussen oops
I told you on day one I thought that was
a wrong political calculation the
reality is no the Democratic
demographics have changed even in the
South even in places like North Carolina
and Georgia and Florida
even though Trump won those places the
reality is a voter turnout or was the
key difference so conserved was got
riled up and showed up to vote Democrat
Democratic vote was depressed
partly because or mostly because the
candidate was Hillary Clinton so what
you don't want to do if you're a
Republican is rile up Democratic voters
to show up and that's exactly what
DeSantis did and I think he's gonna pay
the price for it and it looks like he
already is yeah okay you want to go to I
mean I don't know if you want to get the
soundboard right do we have a summer
with all the sound we're doing okay that
makes sense okay former Trump campaign
Chairman Paul Manafort became the latest
in an ever-growing string of Trump
employees and aides and friends and
people in his orbit to plead guilty to
federal charges today
and also the latest to enter into a
cooperation agreement with the Special
Counsel he fled guilty to one County of
conspiracy against the US and one count
of conspiracy to obstruct justice due to
attempts to tamper with witnesses it's
weird that he pled guilty of that second
one because I keep hearing the
conspiracy to obstruct justice isn't a
real thing we shouldn't I should worry
about it so that's a couple of extra
charges of course in the first trial
that he'd already gone through less than
a month ago I believe there were nine
charges that he was found guilty of then
so we've passed 10 now and this is by
his own admission as a result of that he
will not face five additional charges
that he would have faced if his second
trial which had been planned to begin in
the next couple of weeks would have gone
through thanks this deal that will not
happen but in addition prosecutor Andrew
Weissman told the judge that metaphores
plea agreement with Muller's team is a
cooperation agreement and other charges
will be dropped
the scope of the cooperation was not
immediately clear we've learned a little
bit since then but not a ton really we
do have video of trumps attorney as of
today which will roll now
wanted to make sure that this family
safe and
live a good life accept the
responsibility
for conduct that dates back many years
so there's two interesting things that
you might have noted in there the the
last part is let's conduct the dates
back many years and as we all know
crimes don't matter if they were before
still always should be looking forward
now looking back the other thing is I
don't know if you noticed but he said he
wants his family to stay safe
yes what is that about he knows what
he's doing by dropping something like
that wrapping him these guys strap
themselves in family all the time family
in the flag or whatever and what was odd
to me about Manta Ford is his daughter
has come out remember she's come out and
called him a monster and she was really
quite vocal about the fact that that she
thought he was guilty and she thought
the way he did business was sleazy she's
been so outspoken about it they're just
an odd new so when he said family that's
right where am I that's super
interesting is we all had a slightly
different take on that I thought he was
saying like now that I'm cooperating
with Muller and partly against the
Russians I'd like to make sure that my
family is safe so there's that too yeah
I mean that's also a possibility but but
let's get to the heart of the issue
now that Manta Ford has pled guilty
count down to Donald Trump saying you
know flipping should be illegal it ought
to be like it should we should think
about making it illegal lipping a
there's another word for it cooperating
with law enforcement that is it's
literally what Trump said earlier he
thinks that perhaps cooperating with law
enforcement should be illegal
why don't we cite he's on cops for
robbers we have a little bit of that
comment we don't the full thing but
here's a little bit of Donald Trump
talking about what he knows about
flipping one of the reasons I respect
for man afford so much is he went
through that trial you know they make up
stories people make up stories this
whole thing about flipping they call it
I know all about flipping are you
considering pardoning Paul Manafort I
have great respect for what he's done in
terms of what he's gone through that's
the thing now that he's cooperating the
question is could he potentially pardon
him he could potentially pardon him I
saw something in a Vox article there's a
sentence I actually tweeted out it was
pardoning is now off the table because
the president would never do something
that would be seen as so brazenly self
and I thought somebody just woke up like
that meme of a guy waking up from a coma
and the nurses you know he's like did I
miss anything well Trump is president
well there's no way he'd pardon it you
know himself analyst negation and all of
his associates yeah yeah yeah and so in
that in the longer version of that clip
he talks about flipping much maybe you
should be illegal
he's known people that have had people
flip against them for for the last 30 40
years which again makes you go hmm who
are the people you know how many Mafia
bosses do you know that this was an
issue for but look we don't have the
soundboard today but yes one more time
down goes man afford down goes man
afford but the most important part and
no question we asked yesterday is to
what is degrees he cooperating with
prosecutors
is this a plea deal just saying okay you
guys got me I'm not gonna go through
trial I'm gonna save a million dollars
because he's already spent a million
dollars in legal defense and he would
probably spend another million to go
through a second trial and just okay
throw the book at me but not quite as
much because I'm playing to a deal
or no I'm gonna give you everything I
got okay and and it appears for now and
I'll tell you the marker that you'll be
able to tell for yourself which way is
going in in just a little bit but it
appears for now that he is fully
cooperating with prosecutors
so tick tick tick tick and so as is now
the reason I'm gonna quote Dershowitz
here who I have no respect for at all
is because he has been going around
pretending to be Donald Trump's Lauren
on TV even though Trump never hired him
it's like brazenly begging for a job is
one of the saddest things I've ever seen
but he is in full tilt defensive Donald
Trump and he is today but even
Dershowitz went on TV and said there is
no half cooperation no the prosecutors
only give you a deal if there is full
cooperation and here's an important part
once you begin talking
there is no undoing that talk because
you've already given the evidence of the
prosecutors yeah one so if the pardons
gonna come it's
got to come right now cuz he's in mid
song right and so if it doesn't come
right now and then the prosecutors come
out and say we have gotten good
cooperation for mana for that means that
Trump is likely screwed now that Trump
is okay if he well not okay he's gonna
have other issues but if he goes
pardon right now right now partner he's
fine he's fine he's fine a pardon pardon
what do you mean right he's got to do
that or the the evidence comes out and
the prosecutors heaven they could use it
later even if there is a pardon and then
secondarily
if prosecutors come out and say this was
not full cooperation and the judges has
told them you have to come back and tell
me did he fully cooperate or did he not
fully cooperate and accordingly we will
sentence him okay so if prosecutors come
out and go not full cooperation that
means he did not flip on Trump and he'll
get a little less of a sentence for not
going through the trial if they came out
come out and say full cooperation that
means he flipped yeah and and the weird
thing also to hear Trump kind of try to
continue to message as he does where
these facts are made up and you know
what they'll do they'll make stuff up on
you you know this trial as it was
prosecuted by a metaphor I mean I don't
mean it literally I'm talking about as
he put together his defense it's not
like one 800 attorney is in there
defending this guy he's got tremendous
resources and so when he sees that
there's no light at the end of this
tunnel and that he has to make this
chain he's not seeing a bunch of stuff
that's made up and can be knocked out in
a court of law because as I say he has
you know some of the best legal minds
that he can put together working on that
team he sees though those are real facts
that are going to be as damning as can
be and he'll never see the light of day
from prison so that's why he has to take
the deal yeah gates flipped on him his
longtime associate and it's not a life
thing to plead guilty to these terrible
charges now 10 in total by including
conspiracy against the US and I'm
curious to see if Trump's gonna double
down on flipping should be illegal
because if he says you should not
cooperate with law enforcement as they
unearth a conspiracy against the United
States of America
I mean that's a hell of a moment and
we've had a lot of those moments but
that at my top amol that's a great point
though it's not just money laundering
and tax evasion and I think you're right
because I think I was focused on the
money laundering tax evasion and I in
the in the lights I may have lost that
specific charge right you're absolutely
right this is a it's it's very serious
she said and and and his toxicity is now
it seems most definitely going to leak
out on the trunk yeah
and it's difficult to know exactly what
he would have when it comes to you know
Trump's lawyer is cooperating especially
longtime lawyers it makes a little bit
more say like Cohen like has been with
him for a long time involved in a lot of
deal deals but in terms of Paul Manafort
one area that he probably would know
quite a bit about is the meeting in
Trump Tower he probably would know when
Trump knew about it you know how
involved was he and setting it up and
communicating afterward and all of that
so we could potentially find out more
about that so there's a couple
possibilities Trump Towers of course at
the top of the list because he was in
that meeting and there's we already know
that there was a number of lies that
Donald Trump jr.
and Donald Trump told about that that
that is now a public record he's they
first said it was about adoption then
they said yes sorry were just kidding it
wasn't about adoption it was about the
Russian oligarchs trying to get out of
sanctions in return for dirt on Hillary
Clinton then they said they didn't get
any dirt now is that true or not true
then Donald Trump said oh I didn't write
the statement saying that it was just
about adoption now they had to admit yes
Donald Trump did dictate this statement
that lied about what the meeting was
about so it reaches the president and
then there was talk of whether Donald
Trump was made aware of the meeting
which would then link him to the
collusion so those are all the things
that stake in the Trump Tower I think
there's an another larger issue but go
ahead John well I just said that that
one thing that you said is what they
have said that we didn't get any dirt
which could end up being just a clever
way to message around that they didn't
need to get the dirt they didn't release
the dirt but the dirt was released and
it's possible if the communication was
about coordinating when that should
happen because remember those things
started coming out within a couple of
hours of the National that none the
National Enquirer the the Billy Bush
tape and all of that so certainly
somebody was way
to spring it we might not have had any
conversations but if they did it didn't
necessarily have to involve them getting
the dirt so he could be technically true
but also lying Oh John that is such a
great point I don't know why I haven't
thought of that all along because they
don't have to receive the dirt at all
the Russians released it to everyone so
in essence the Trump team received it as
well as the entire public which is the
whole point what they could have been
discussed in that meeting is if we win
we'll look out for you you guys release
what you have on Hillary Clinton now and
they did they released it after the
Trump Tower meeting so and then they get
to say in a lawyerly way we did not
receive that information in that meeting
so it is all speculation obviously but
Paul Manafort might know well that's
something I totally don't understand
about how the Trump campaign you know
trailer trumpet is an administration are
talking about the meeting and then the
idea of collusion is if they came out
and said we colluded with Russia to win
the election Republicans would you say
great that's not Hillary Clinton from
being president she's a threat to the
United States and it's a good thing that
you did so I kind of I still honestly
don't understand why there's this you
know like like tiptoeing around language
and then this shifting story I feel like
they could honestly just come out and
maybe like you know at best I'm guessing
maybe it's a calculated risk that
they're not doing it but all of this
just sort of it doesn't make a lot of
sense to me no Jules
they need a fig leaf because I think
you're right about the substance of it
the Republicans are like yeah we won and
the Russians help us who cares right
that's my sense of the politics of the
moment but they need a fig leaf because
it's illegal so you can't just come out
and go yeah I work with a foreign
country during our elections and I took
valuable information from them which
breaks all campaign finance laws what
are you gonna do hashtag suck it no you
can't do that right that's why they
needs to pretend Wow yeah we didn't
technically get the information and so
that all the Republicans like Mitch
McConnell gonna go good enough they
didn't technically get the information
oh no I I think the Trump is well within
the realm of tweeting out hashtag Sukkot
yeah
hashtag haters are losers but one other
thing look man afford might have
information on that as we just discussed
might be super super relevant to the to
that law breaking that the Trump
campaign might have participated in but
the other thing you'd have information
is about Russia's in general and when I
mean by in general is this guy is deep
ties to pro-russian forces in Ukraine
and to the Russian oligarchs now if the
Russian oligarchs made deals with Trump
either connected or not connected to man
affort could man afford know it so and
man affords an expert in money
laundering that's what it's in this
world of trouble
some of us suspect that Trump did money
laundering with the Russians so could
man afford know that now again we're not
sure now because we don't have the
direct evidence of what man affort knows
but the prosecutors are about to so take
dick tick tick tick tick tick tick
so either Trump is in a lot of trouble
or it's game over
Wow in just a circle back around just I
guess I might technically have to say
this in response to all of this Sarah
Huckabee Sanders says this has
absolutely nothing to do with the
president or is victorious 2016
presidential campaign
it is totally unrelated thank you Sarah
for not mentioning how many electoral
college votes you got just one little
interesting thing just cuz Jared pointed
this out to me and it is a little bit
weird
Rudy Giuliani put out a statement once
again an investigation has concluded
with a plea having nothing to do with
President Trump of the Trump campaign
the reason the president did nothing
wrong but it's interesting that was not
the first draft of that statement that's
the second draft in the first draft he
said the president hasn't done anything
wrong and Paul Manafort will tell the
truth but then they took that back took
out Paul Manafort telling the truth and
released this new one so have fun over
the weekend watching to see if he
pardons Nepal metaphor but if he doesn't
he might drop a piano on post in terms
of hashtag suckers they're so clunky and
reckless like that kind of like to
release a draft and then to you know
somehow edit it and then re-release it I
mean it's just everything this
administration does even on policy their
stuff is clunky I mean it from the very
first weekend they were screwing up
everything to do with even sound policy
with day consider was sound policy yeah
and you know metaphor is they're taking
a bunch of its residents away aren't
they there then he's losing a bunch of
these very expensive homes and
residences he has an N and so when when
Trump refers to the cost of the
prosecutors special counsel actually not
prosecutor but Special Counsel Muller
this these acquisitions by the federal
government just taking the manna for
properties pays for that entire
investigation so Manta Ford is it's only
the beginning of this man afford thing
and what jank points to I think you know
he could just be the the pinata you know
of criminal acts that this Trump
organization is part of that's gonna
flow out when my lower head said so last
couple of things here you guys are
absolutely right about the Giuliani
statement Giuliani
he says are now mana force is gonna tell
the truth that will show that Trump
didn't do it he goes in talks of Trump
he's like yeah now let's take that part
out okay and then finally just give you
a sense of why I said the thing earlier
by game over what the range of options
were earlier the range of options or and
and I said this on air because I wasn't
sure at all that mana fort
might have done illegal things having
nothing to a truck so if they had
nothing to do with Trump II to have no
evidence on Trump that option is almost
eliminated because prosecutors accepted
the deal they would not accept a deal if
Manta forts got nothing on no one else
so that you know that's hanging on by a
read 1% 5% chance that Manta Ford comes
in and goes okay okay I mean it was just
me and I'm super bad guy you didn't know
how bad I was now I'll tell you how bad
I am but not connect to anyone they're
like wow that's so bad okay fine I'll
give you a plea deal bad very unlikely
again even Duras says very unlikely so
that that option is almost eliminated
that only leaves you two options one is
he at least knows about Trump Tower in
which case Trump's in a lot of trouble
if that the the Trump knew about it and
that deal was go ahead and release the
Hillary Clinton emails in exchange for
god knows what and that's an important
very very important part by the way
receive
valuable information information that is
of value is against campaign finance
laws from a foreign government it's
illegal and a huge problem for Trump
maybe he survives that as Jules said in
a political fight in an impeachment
issue but if they promise something in
return whether it's technically treason
or not the politics of that is a hey I
will give you something that the Russian
government wants at the cost of the
United States government and and
citizens you don't win that political
battle so if madam port has that
information on what the Russians wanted
backed oh boy that's good night Irene -
and then there's the money laundering
and that's a bigger if if he knows stuff
about Trump's money laundering that's
absolute game over so that's your range
and it ain't a good range for Donald
Trump so one more time tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick
well last point I'm out of court is he
seems almost inevitably to have sold
access in some way I mean that's been
his history right he's a he's an
influence peddler and so when you when
you see this guy Paul Manafort you know
he's worked with the Ukrainians the
Russians and and the Americans in
different ways as a political consultant
and as a lobbyist after being a
political consultant so I it seems
almost clear that on some level he's
selling access to get out of his own
financial Jam so I think that whole idea
of pay to play is gonna be a big part of
the future in the next couple of months
that we're gonna find out a lot all
right sounds good
all right so we have to our first break
here by the way if you like this
analysis see y-t-dot-com slash or
supported support independent media and
get all our shows so when we come back
we've got more of that analysis for you
guys so it's on the issue of Medicaid on
what the Republicans are doing to it and
doing their own voters but there's a
twist that no one else is talking about
it's the role of big business in that
and how they're doubly screwing you over
so it's really interesting definitely
won't get it anywhere else we'll do that
when we were - we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm /join today
in the meantime enjoy this free sign all
right
Young Turks no I'm just a couple of
comments and then and then a story of
course route 273 writes in in the
members comments good afternoon
Rebel Alliance just that but I like the
sound of it yeah
Jane Locke rights in have been a member
since 2006 Wow gee I think the
membership at the end of oh five wow
there's an dere's that aren't you
interviewing me that we invented the
freemium model so anyway that's an
industry thing but Jane's sister oh six
you're the best Wow and and and look at
the second half of the sentence and this
is the best website design T whities
ever had awesome job Turks so I you know
what what am I gonna do I guess I'll
take the credit seriously what is HTML
stand for no seriously guys great credit
to our product and engineering team they
did a wonderful wonderful job on it
so thank you and and then to Twitter AM
Smith four one five eight to says too
many letters too many numbers by the way
in your handle are they gonna let man
afford keep the ostrich jacket that
might be what made him flip the rest and
did you did you say that yeah so guys if
you if anyone gets a picture of manna
for walking around with an ostrich
jacket inside his prison cell that means
we got ya so now I got to be
photoshopped a million times by the way
yeah so we were doing the membership
drive as you guys know we started after
Labor Day and we started at 27 - 661 and
then yesterday we passed 31,000 which
was amazing thank you guys I wanted to
see where it is in a second hold hold
okay
we're reading some of your comments
about the membership drive and it's
great because its first of all it's
complimentary and thank you guys we
really appreciate it but it gives us a
deeper connection to you guys to hear
your stories and then a lot of times
when we're doing the show we visualize
talking to you guys so it's pretty neat
and we want to be as connected to you
guys as as possible so Faiza wrote in
hash tighty-whitey live first thing in
the morning
check the young turks hoping for as much
progressive wins as possible I live in
France and as an activist I know that
politics and policies impact the world
members since November of 2016
hash tighty-whitey family hash tag walk
the walk
you keep me sane too much love well much
love right back at you FISA thank you
Seth Gilbert wrote in genk proud to sign
up for a tu IT membership the network
has done amazing things for progressive
politics as someone raised conservative
I changed my views over time it's great
to find a home for my progressive
ideology through you guys hashtag fights
a good fight absolutely that's great to
find a conservative thinker who can flip
I mean your pardon the expression flip
today by the way Seth I'm right there
with you I also flipped as you guys know
I used to be conservative and bison rode
and finally put my mouth my mom my
probably met my money but they put my
money where my mouth is I'm not an
official member of the home of her know
that's also wrong TRT army I'm finally a
member let's keep the membership drive
rolling Thank You Jake Anna and jr. for
all you do thank you we appreciate in
the last one
Jackie killari wrote in I can't believe
I didn't know about you sooner I
recently bought a TYT membership and
t-shirt I'm now addicted missed you on
the weekends have been catching myself
saying preposterous of course and doing
my shimmy in my new shirt keep up the
good work
Thank You Jackie so a little shimmy
right back at you
so let's see where we are with the
thermometer today okay okay I see there
1,200 all right t y-t-dot-com slash join
to become a member
thank you guys there it is home
progresses and when you join that means
you built that and and when we have
progressive victories you are part of
that yeah okay by the way I just I love
the app I love that it tells me it's
seamless and great and you should be
proud of that also yeah our product and
engineering engineering team has been
fantastic so thank you guys
yeah all right I love seeing that never
go up I mean it was already big but I
love seeing it go up because we know and
we've been seeing especially you know in
the primaries last night how big the
challenge we face is how much we're
going up against both on the right wing
but also you know amongst a Democratic
Party as well and the media and the
donors and everything and you know you
get to decide how big of an army do you
want on your behalf and you get to be a
part of it and it's very easy I think a
lot of content as well that's right yeah
you know what including John's show a
damage report is check out that podcast
all of our shoes over a dozen shows okay
one super last thing you remember
yesterday we cover the crazy story of
Donald Trump thinking that architects
and engineers are weak like the
construction guys are strong engineers a
weak
okay well you couldn't be more wrong our
engineers are super strong they're too
strong so you won't mess with our
engineers that'll trap okay they will
design an app to come get you and the
app will mainly make this out take the
dictate just a button any president okay
how about some news yes
not good news though this month
thousands of people in Arkansas will be
the first to be thrown off of Medicaid
because of new work requirements
Arkansas removed more than 4,000 people
from the Medicaid rolls with some
estimates saying that number could climb
to 50,000 when the requirements are
fully implemented inside of one year
from now we've got some stats on how
this came about of those who lost
coverage this month about 95 percent
didn't
all the necessary documents with the
state that led to their removal from
Medicaid though some may have been
working the required 80 hours a month so
if you didn't get in the documents it
doesn't matter if you were actually
abided by the requirements you are off
and good luck getting back on and we've
got an associate director of the Kaiser
Family Foundation's a program for
Medicaid talking about how this could
have come about it seems that the state
is doing some outreach but a lot of
individuals still don't know about the
new requirements and are not setting up
their accounts so even if you need the
Medicaid and even if you're doing the
work and even if you would fill out the
paperwork does the government have much
of an incentive really to let you know
about that if the if the driving
ideology of Arkansas's government is to
attempt to destroy Medicaid certainly
inside of their borders and hopefully be
a part of that nationwide perhaps not so
maybe if you had responsible government
actually trying to get the word out that
people have to to put in this paperwork
to continue to qualify maybe more of
these people would still have access to
their Medicaid no there's a hiccup at
all of this entire process they're gonna
default to getting you off of Medicaid
that's that's what the idea is they're
trying to remove names from the rolls
and so yeah unless all your eyes are
dotted and T's are crossed they're gonna
they're gonna lose you in this process
they want to shake out as many people as
they can
yeah unfortunately this is part of a
trend that is already going to expand
soon and possibly more in the future
Indiana and New Hampshire slated to
implement their Medicaid work
requirements next year and beneficiaries
in Indiana will have to work at least
eight months each year and an 80 hour a
month requirement will be gradually
phased in over an 18-month period you
know hopefully the the thing that you
need this Medicaid for is not something
that stops you from working for too long
because you might find yourself with
neither the job nor that New Hampshire
is gonna require 100 hours a month
beginning in January and roll these who
don't meet the threshold for one month
will have their coverage suspended okay
so there's two layers to this story
first they did the giant tax cuts for
the rich so they need to get the money
from somewhere so they're gonna get it
from you and so they're gonna take it
from the in this case you know the poor
the middle class etc so they're gonna
cut your Medicaid oh well we don't have
any money
I know because you gave two trillion
dollars to the rich in tax cuts so
second of all it's their ideology that
people who require government assistance
at any point in their lives are bums and
so oh yeah you prove you're not a bum
and-and-and show us that you work
because they only respect rich people
Donald Trump said it at a rally it's
like you know I don't like poor poor
people on my in my government or in my
cabinet I only want rich people because
I need smart people ah they can't stand
you and and and then they when you vote
for them they think you're the world's
biggest sucker and where does it hit
first
Arkansas voted for Trump overwhelmingly
and he's hitting you first okay now the
second layer I would argue is even more
interesting so the Chamber of Commerce
is not for reducing Medicaid now that's
interesting Chamber of Commerce
represents big business they wanted the
giant tax cuts so why don't they want to
get it out of the entitlements like some
of the other Republicans because they
don't want to pay for health insurance
they don't want to pay for benefits etc
so what do they do they pay you really
low wages and then they say go get the
rest from the government so they don't
want the government cutting off Medicaid
because it takes their costs down but
they also want to make sure that you
have to go work for them at low wages so
they say put in a work requirement so
they must work for us and we unload our
cause onto the American taxpayer now I'm
not theorizing that it's this story that
we covered a little while earlier when I
saw that the Chamber of Commerce's
position was no support Medicaid but
make sure people have to work for it I
was like oh that's the game that's being
played because remember then the day the
only thing that matters for these you
know corrupt politicians is their donors
and the Chamber of Commerce represents
the biggest donors in America and what
do they want they want low wages that
they pay out and unload all the costs on
to you so this is exactly how they do it
yeah
well I mean I think this is a bigger
part of like the overall problem that we
have with Republicans in health care
where you know on a base level
Republicans are saying if you
health care go get it it's the free
market you should you know if you want
to get a job that pays it if you want it
through Medicaid you know get you work
80 hours a hundred hours a week but at
the same time they're saying insurance
company should be able to make all the
profits they want it's the free market
and those profits should come directly
from people who need that money the most
who need that help the most so when you
look at it from both sides all they're
doing is continually and repeating lis
repeatedly targeting people who are
disenfranchised who are who you know
people who are sick and that's where
they're stealing this money from like
you said to give it to the richest
people in America who don't have enough
apparently yeah III just can't help but
think it is i crashing lis ironic that
it's happening in these red states in
such a big way of course and you're
going to create a population already
struggling that's out right destitute at
the end of all of this because the costs
of health care are so crippling that
it's I mean if you skip ahead on this in
this film to the end it's really grim I
mean they're really playing with
people's lives in such an ugly way so so
one last quick thing about that later in
today's show we have another story about
how a lot of the people in the middle of
the country got killed by the housing
crash more than the coast the coast
recovered it and are now doing well but
the middle of the country got killed by
it at some point this has got to catch
up with the Republican Party I know that
people have voted against their own
interest for decades now but when your
prices are for your house is underwater
and you pay more for your mortgage than
your house is worth and you've got
sky-high insurance rates and you thought
it was gonna get better under Obama you
thought your housing situation was gonna
get better you thought your wages we're
gonna get better and they also went down
when you account for inflation and none
of this stuff got fixed well at a bare
minimum in 2018
you're not gonna be excited to go vote
for them and by 2020 you might realize
you've been had
you've been took they took everything
from you and they never gave you
anything it was all a big trick and
the tax cuts went to the rich they
didn't go to you and your life didn't
improve you thought maybe your problems
were because of Obama what come to find
out no it's the powerful that have been
robbing you the whole time yeah and and
and it's it's true that the rhetoric of
the middle class and helping the
downtrodden during the rhetoric that we
heard so much of I mean that I think
they rallied around that's not going to
be able to cut through the next time so
what Jenks saying is so true by by 2020
I don't know when it's gonna happen
but they just won't be able to rally
around rhetoric anymore their situations
going to become way too dire in fact it
has already begun that is why they are
withdrawing their ads about the tax cuts
because they're not not only not working
they're counterproductive if you were
like I don't see it in my check I just
don't see it I know that you there was
two trillion dollars with the tax cuts
but if it's lied in my check whose check
is it in exactly so that that bill is
already coming due right now it's only
gonna get worse and worse for the
Republicans so I conclude with dicta and
thankfully right now I mean we're coming
off of you know a couple of years of
Bernie Sanders being very out front with
addressing these sorts of issues with
his rhetoric with his plans but now
you're seeing it spring up all over the
place
candidates congressional candidates
gubernatorial candidates we're seeing it
all over the place and slightly
different flavors and people are liking
it more and more and I think that the
right-wing some of their attempts to
counter people like Alexandria Casa de
cortes have been fumbling and awkward
because they are trying to defend the
indefensible and they don't know how to
fight back against people who are
actually speaking to real economic
anxiety with a plan to actually fix it
know my favorite segment of all time was
when Fox News had that woman who
attended her rally come and go
I'm afraid I'm I'm afraid because it
sounds like they're trying to help our
families yeah yeah but perhaps you're
afraid of the wrong thing yes
but here's what's gonna happen in 2018
that's gonna make a difference mm-hmm
okay blue wave vote go do it shop to iti
camp all right we gotta take a quick
break here when we come back we're gonna
switch gear we're gonna play a little
bit of basically chairs but a huge story
about Cavanaugh
did they get them and was it the right
thing to do so very controversial in
fact I'm a little afraid to talk about
it but we're going to do it because
we're The Young Turks when we return
