Donald Trump has been relentlessly
attacking special prosecutor Robert
Muller in recent days trying to
undermine the ongoing investigation into
the Trump campaign Trump administration
and any contact / possible collusion
with Russia or any foreign agents of
Russia
so the Trump administration has been
trying to drag Muller's name through the
mud claim that he is some kind of
democratic partisan hack who's just on a
witch-hunt to destroy a Republican
president and then this past weekend
Muller found a very unlikely ally coming
to his defense in a form of Paul Ryan
House Speaker Paul Ryan came out in the
media and directly contradicted Donald
Trump's statements by saying that no Bob
Miller is not a partisan hack in fact he
is a Republican whom we all expect he
has a Republican who was appointed by a
Republican to serve in a Republican
administration Paul Ryan said and so we
respect him we understand what he's
doing and we understand the importance
of it this is a turning point for
Republicans in Washington DC Paul Ryan
obviously the leader of the House of
Representatives
now contradicting the president and
coming to the aid to the defense of the
special prosecutor to hail him as a some
kind of Republican hero what this means
is that the main guy standing between
Donald Trump and impeachment has turned
on him if Paul Ryan is putting more
faith in to the special prosecutor than
he is to his Republican president that
tells you something Paul Ryan is laying
the groundwork to eventually or at least
to be prepared to have to do so go
forward with impeachment against Donald
Trump and he is trying to say all these
things than molars a Republican he
worked for Republicans was appointed by
Republicans has always been a loyal
Republican to gain over respect and
trust and approval of other Republicans
in this country now all those things are
true about Muller
but that doesn't
matter for what this investigation is or
what it's doing but he is trying to
convince everybody else out there that
listen to me molars a good guy he's a
good Republican he's on our side
so if he finds something on Donald Trump
we need to listen to him because he's a
better Republican that Donald Trump who
used to be a Democrat at some point in
flipped blah blah blah Paul Ryan is
laying this out he might be an evil man
but he's not a completely stupid man he
knows exactly what he's doing and there
is more to this than just him coming to
Muller's defense he is working to set
the framework if necessary to get the
public the other Republicans to go with
him on impeachment should it happen or
when it happens that's what we're seeing
today and of course Donald Trump but not
the brightest bulb is out there
constantly attacking people like Paul
Ryan and Mitch McConnell who the Senate
will be the ones to vote whether or not
Donald Trump gets removed from office
should he be impeached by the house not
a good idea to alienate and attack and
insult your only allies in Washington DC
who could literally be the ones who
decide whether or not to end your career
Paul Ryan I think at this point is
understanding the power that he has and
I think he's beginning to understand
that if he impeaches Trump it's not
going to hurt the Republican Party as
much as he thinks if the Republicans are
the ones to stand up to the corruption
and actually move forward with
impeachment before the Democrats get the
chance to do it
