TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any convenience
equal truth to power in theaters in New
York and LA on July 28th and nationwide
August 4th researchers from the
University of Jerusalem have looked into
sperm count because there has been a lot
of disagreement in the world of science
regarding sperm count and there is one
side that agrees that sperm count has
gone down considerably for men over the
last few decades and then there are
those who deny it
well this research done by the Hebrew
University of Jerusalem found some
pretty shocking evidence that male sperm
count is decreasing in certain parts of
the world so sperm count in men from
North America Europe Australia and New
Zealand declined by 50 to 60 percent
between 1973 and 2011 and that's
according to this study from the Hebrew
University of Jerusalem but surprisingly
there was no decline in sperm counts in
men from Asia Africa and South America
although there was limited data from
these areas now just to give you a sense
of how this analysis was done it was a
meta-analysis that looked at 40 2935 men
in 50 different countries and they
didn't study why sperm count has
decreased so much but they did
hypothesize about it so we'll get to
that in just a second okay so that's
devastating and we should redirect all
of our resources to figuring out exactly
what means those are not small numbers
those are gigantic numbers but luckily
they're not happening everywhere which
actually allows us to be able to study
it I hope far more effectively what is
happening in this in these regions of
the world that is not happening in other
regions of the world so if this
continues the results could be way worse
so yeah and in his I'm going to show you
how bad that it could be if we don't do
anything about it so it
if the data on sperm counts is
extrapolated to its logical conclusion
men will have little or no reproductive
capacity from 2060 onwards
that's humanity challenging that's you
it every once in a while politicians
will talk about existential threats and
then it'll actually be a tiny I don't
want to minimize terrorism but more
people die from falling off of ladders
than they do from terrorism we should
absolutely address it but they will come
out and say it's an existential threat
you know we're all you know we're all
gonna pass away we're all gonna
disappear whatever no no this is an
actual existential threat if we can't
make other humans we don't exist anymore
so are we doing anything about the
ladders though that's crazy we haven't
really advanced in ladder technology in
quite some time but anyway we'll talk
about that some other day yeah so if you
but if you discount science and you say
no I don't believe it I don't believe in
all these different things like whether
it's 97% of the world's scientists
telling you it's climate change or or
the age of the earth I mean the list
goes on and on and and though and you
defund science well then we can't figure
out what's going wrong and and and god
help us or in this case science help us
otherwise we're doomed
yeah so let's let's talk about what the
researchers here hypothesize because I
think that's incredibly important so
they believe that exposure to chemicals
could be one of the issues obesity rates
is another issue that they want to look
into as a potential cause for this
and then finally climate change and
climate change of course you deal with
extreme weather or weather conditions
and things like that extreme leather
conditions at some S&M parties there are
extreme leather conditions you have to
deal with okay tell me about the climate
change why in this case so they they
don't know exactly why but extreme
weather conditions could play a role and
so they haven't hashed it out as I
mentioned it's not something that they
study but these are potential factors
that they
to do more studies on so they can figure
out what's really happening and why it
is that you know men in a certain part
of the world aren't really suffering
from this I know and yeah okay I think I
honestly and I'm not an expert and
obviously I'm just guessing so take this
with a grain of salt I think that the
use of chemicals probably has something
to do with this ya know that's exactly
where I'm going with the speculation so
obviously I want them to actually do
tests I believe in science and figure
out what the reality of it is climate
change to me seems less likely because
that seems to hit the world fairly
proportionately so climate change
affects Asia I think pretty much as much
as it affects North America so I'd be
surprised if that was the answer obesity
I think obesity might have something to
do with it as well it might but and and
maybe that it's both maybe it's the
chemicals that lead to obesity whether
it's whatever we're consuming high
fructose corn syrup GMOs I don't know
I'm not saying it's definitely GMOs
don't freak out drugs that could be a
potential it is a we take a lot more
drugs here than than they do in Asia as
an example but these are all wild
conjecture let's let's go like you know
and what do we fund right right and so
we're worried about oh my god I were
gonna do funding for a tiny amount of
healthcare for transgendered people in
the military we're talking about funding
to the tune of like seventy billion
dollars that border wall right that
might be transparent because you've got
to make sure you can see those like
cartels
you know trying to toss the 60 pounds of
drugs over the wall you got to see
through the wall yeah the f-35 that
wastes the money all the wars that waste
the money our defense budget is
gargantuan and Trump wants at fifty four
billion dollars I'm not trying to make
it political I'm just saying if the if
the future of humanity is on the line we
might want to get you up a little bit
and spend more in this direction you
imagine if we actually spend spent money
to protect humanity instead of creating
more Wars
I know revolutionary thought okay look
he if everything else
motivate you your balls are on the line
so get going your kids are on the line
everything is it's not if these numbers
are true it's not over exaggerating to
say that
