TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any
inconvenience equal truth to power in
theaters in New York and LA on July 28th
and nationwide August 4th researchers
now believe that it is possible for
those who are suffering from Alzheimer's
to retrieve their memories if their
minds are stimulated in certain ways now
this new study looks specifically at
mice that have a similar condition
regarding their memory now to give you a
little context into Alzheimer's
researchers have found that what causes
Alzheimer's is the buildup of a sticky
protein substance in the brain it's an
amyloid beta protein that's what it's
called and so researchers realize that
you know some Alzheimer's patients will
suddenly remember things from their past
if they listen to music or if their
minds get stimulated in certain ways and
so they kind of started off with that
point and then they started looking at
mice to see if there's ways that they
can stimulate mice and retrieve some of
their memories so let me give you the
details of their studies now the
Columbia scientists carried out their
experiment on two sets of mice one with
the Alzheimer's like condition and the
other with healthy brain cells both
groups were actually genetically
engineered so their neurons glowed
yellow when new memories were created
and red when old memories were recalled
so they exposed both sets of these mice
to a lemony smell then gave them an
electric shock to kind of scare them
when they're triggered by that smell
a week later they tested these memories
by releasing the same lemon scent okay
this is where things get super
interesting while the healthy mice froze
in fear half of the mice with
Alzheimer's disease did not because they
couldn't remember that lemony smell and
the neurons that glowed red were not in
the same place as the yellow ones unlike
in the healthy mice where they
overlapped so then the researchers are
like okay now we need to find a way to
stimulate their mind or their brain in a
certain way so they can
remember things and here's what they did
when a blue laser was shone down a
fiber-optic cable into the brains of the
mice with Alzheimer's stimulating the
part of the brain where the memory was
stored
they froze indicating these memories had
been revived damn bananas okay so first
of all I would like to scream hashtag
science I love science people who were
against facts and knowledge I pity you I
pity the fool against science all right
secondly I'd like to say I'm a little
bit like the mice you know what happened
when you as your tongue mister I'm like
ooh lemon scent that sounds really good
and then you said they got those exhaust
I was silly silly man
okay now focusing on the really
interesting revelations here so science
actually done some great advancement in
being able to stop Alzheimer's going
forward so that's a different story and
and so we think that they we've got some
new medicine that might be able to
prevent it so that now it does not that
medicine does not help people who
already have Alzheimer's so that's
already a terrific advance it's not
quite ready yet but it's getting there
so I love these kind of advancements
that millions of lives it is going to
change for years and years and years
those people are going to live much
better lives so it's wonderful now
secondarily now this tells you the
memories aren't even gone so if you
already have Alzheimer's they those
memories can still be revived and
brought back even better so it's amazing
that that hypothesis has existed for
quite some time because again as I
mentioned they notice researchers and
doctors notice that with some
Alzheimer's patients they'll they'll be
triggered by something right in a good
way so like a liberal like a liberal but
in a good way again like they'd hear
music and all of a sudden they could
recall things and so it was a good
starting off point and now you know
through this research they realized okay
we can bring back
the memories of these mice now we need
to find a way to apply it to human so
look this is obviously very good news
but this is just a starting-off point
there obviously needs to be more
research done and a way to find how this
applies to humans
