TYT is partnering with participant media
to help solve the climate crisis will
not be great now look you got to check
out our series 10 days of action to
learn more about what you can do to make
a difference and go see any
inconvenience sequel truth to power in
theaters in New York and LA on July 28th
and nationwide August 4th in January of
three inmates managed to escape from a
prison in Southern California and
interestingly enough they film
themselves doing so and that film has
just been released to the public now to
give you a little bit of context before
we show you that awesome film they use
contraband cell phone a contraband cell
phone and the three individuals were
hosteen mayor Jonathan - and tamed Wong
and they documented their escape from a
maximum-security wing of the Orange
County Jail in January of 2016 that
warms my heart look at Americans getting
together then it appears to be a Muslim
name into Asians yes now it shouldn't
warm your heart too much because they
had very serious charges against them
murder charges among them do I have to
point out that I'm kidding right now and
you do you're secure maximum-security
prisons a little you should come correct
a little bit better than this right now
they haven't been convicted yet but
again they have serious charges against
them and the good news is that they've
all been captured one of them turned
himself in and the other two were later
caught 400 miles away from the prison so
a long way from the prison so they get
caught so since they're caught we can
have a little bit of fun okay thanks
guys here is the video of them escaping
Hasini re the alleged mastermind even
they erase as far as setup goes well we
had a duffel bag and a backpack full of
stuff he shows a sawed off bed leg then
lifts a metal screen to slip out giving
a thumbs up to the camera
sit to the theme of Mission Impossible
you can see their journey through the
jail walls along a makeshift ladder
eventually they get to the roof
that is amazing okay link in description
box if you watch the whole report good
job on the report there by the local
station okay they set it to music
amazing like made a movie on yeah if
they wore potential or possible
murderers you'd kind of root for him
it's a little shark shank there and and
it was good production quality I mean he
had a nice narration here the Mission
Impossible thing the last thing I was
expecting is he drops from the roof and
then and then hovers above the look but
this isn't just like a county jail you
know what I'm saying
it's a maximum-security prison maximum
security and look one of the biggest
issues was that they were lacking
resources they were underfunded and
understaffed and so as a result of this
escape lawmakers in the area decided
maybe we should allocate a little more
money and a little more resources just
to make this maximum-security prison a
little more secure right you know but
the thing it's not like Shawshank it's
like Shawshank you spent like years
digging a tunnel security is I mean look
it's not easy to tell exactly the route
but from that video it seemed like they
just knock out something from the wall
and there's a giant it's like escape
like didn't know what look at the
blueprints and go should we have this
enormous thing that leads do to outside
that you could just knock out a vent and
then go into right it's just a metal
screen and it's not that easy to break
through it but again in response to this
jailbreak the Sheriff's Department
increased staffing by four point five
million annually and they did hire
twenty-two new deputies and officers to
man the facility and look here's the
thing here's here's the bigger problem
right if we didn't incarcerate all of
these nonviolent
cendars who just get caught with
possession of drugs well then maybe we
can focus our resources on people who
actually are a threat to society or a
danger to society right and
unfortunately we don't do that we're
spreading our resources thin imprisoning
people who are not violent who if
anything might need some rehabilitation
for their drug use not if you're smoking
marijuana you don't need rehabilitation
for that right yeah but you guys know
what I'm saying like we're wasting our
resources day in and day out no
Anna's exactly right we're going the
wrong way
