hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt the New York Times reported
that the State Department had spent
fifty two thousand dollars on curtains
for Nikki Haley's official residence in
New York now later they issued a
correction because the expenditure was
actually approved under the Obama
administration it's just that these
fancy curtains were installed once nikki
Haley was the US ambassador to the UN so
now with that said what stood out to me
the most was an Obama official trying to
make an excuse for this insane amount of
money being spent on curtains which by
the way are not electric motorized right
so you know you press a button and
they'll open and they'll close as long
as you press that button well here's
what the Obama official said it's
Patrick Kennedy top State Department
official under Obama all she's got is a
part-time maid and the ability to open
and close the curtains quickly is
important no but you're done I'm done
with this Patrick Kennedy didn't even
know who you were to begin with but I'm
done with you say that so bad so do you
guys a sense of the numbers here the
curtains cost $29,000 is amazing but the
ability to have the motorized cost
twenty two thousand eight hundred and
one dollars as opposed to this nothing
hire somebody daily just to do that and
it was a cheap
part-time maid guys oh poor girl
I mean only a part-time wait how do you
live there are people working full-time
beginning paid minimum wage in this
country and not able to buy food not
able to pay there weren't having to pick
between medicine food rent and fifty two
thousand dollars on curtains yeah to be
fair the windows are big windows
okay now so this gives you a sense of
groupthink that we talk about on the
show all the time whether it's Democrats
or Republicans people in power think
well how does anybody live without
motorized curtains right it's in this
sense it's literally a peek behind the
curtains now there's a second element to
this story which is a right wing going
ballistic because originally the New
York Times had written it as Nikki
Haley's decision now all right but guys
they corrected it if the thesis was the
fake news media makes up stories to
discredit Republicans why would they
correct it they would just make up the
story blame Haley and never change it
all so look here's the thing I feel like
if I'm doing something to my home right
and I'm spending fifty two thousand
dollars on it as soon as I sign the
contract it it's been approved I want
the work done with at least within a
month right why did it take this long
to install these insanely pricey
curtains that I don't understand like so
it was a mistake they made a mistake
they corrected it I'm glad the New York
Times corrected it but also keep in mind
that it's easy to believe something like
this coming out of the Trump
administration because so many of his
you know so many people have spent
taxpayer money on nonsense you know you
have Scott Truitt there was the other
guy ben Carson the $9,000 desk right
which only then they could turn around
they were like oh no this was an
accident
after everyone found out about it
so and we were talking during the break
about what happens to state governments
and city governments I lived in a small
town in Lubbock the new mayor came in
and was trying to spend $1,500 on an
office chair and like sit on the floor
people can't eat in your city floor yeah
you know and and so maybe Shane icky
Hayley could have even said hey you know
what I don't want to motorize curtains
but it's mainly on the Obama
administration and the people in power
and this their groupthink if you want to
criticize New York Times and other
mainstream media I do it all the time
but pick the right target I think
they're they're part of groupthink so
they think if a Republican or a Democrat
has a lot of money that they got from
big donors so that's a good thing that
they're the leading candidate well
that's an institutional problem because
it leads to corruption so that's a
legitimate thing to criticize them on
they make an honest mistake
and they correct it immediately that's
not a bad thing that's a good thing the
mistakes a bad thing the fact that they
corrected it immediately shows you that
they're honest mm-hmm so it's it would
be fair for you to be honest back about
your perception of them so but the
overwhelming point is the one that we
all agree to which is this that's how
you close curtains and there is waste
under both parties we should say that
now so this is not surprising in that
context thanks for watching this free
clip of The Young Turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
