most of the folks watching get it most
of the American people get it 60 70
percents getting into that range but
they're still two holdouts who go I
don't get it there's snow in the winter
so what is the most compelling evidence
that you would present to them if you
had one minute two minutes with them to
convince them that it's actually
happening well every night on the TV
news now is like a nature hike through
the book of Revelation and all you
really need to do is to connect the dots
even if the mainstream media doesn't
want to do it for you the hottest year
ever measured with instruments was last
year the second hottest was the year
before that the third odd is the year
before that it's really overwhelming now
you know and it just in the last seven
years the US has had 11 once in a
thousand year events and that pattern is
showing up all over the world the
scientists were right - 10 years ago
when they projected what was due for us
and because they were right they even
low-balled it a little bit to tell you
the truth because they're culturally
conservative that should make us all pay
careful attention to what they're saying
would happen in the future if we did not
get this under control
one more thing on other skeptics they
will they'll say I see the big storms
now come on when I was a kid we had
storms - yeah so you say connect the
dots but it's storms we had storms
what do you mean connected dies yeah
well the the persistent levels of denial
among a smaller and smaller minority
didn't have didn't occur you know in a
vacuum in Tennessee there's an old
saying if you see a turtle on top of a
fence post you can be pretty sure it
didn't get there by itself and these
levels of denial didn't occur by
themselves the large carbon polluters
the Koch brothers ExxonMobil and some
others have spent huge amounts of money
over a billion dollars in using the
PlayBook that was written by the tobacco
companies years ago you'll remember when
the doctors connected this smoking
cigarettes to lung cancer and other
diseases of the lung and heart the
tobacco companies hired actors and
dressed him up his doctors put him in
front of cameras to say and TV ads all
over the airwaves hi I'm a doctor you
don't have to worry about any of these
problems and 100 million people died
during the 40 years that they delayed
the the truth that was inconvenient for
them well the carbon polluters have
hired the same PR firms there's an
amazing book called the merchants of
doubt' that tells the story documented
thoroughly they have used the same
tactics and they've used it also to
divide Americans by labeling labeling it
kind of a partisan issue when it really
isn't it has nothing to do with
partisanship but they have tried to
create this climate denial in order to
squeeze more profits out of their
business plans which rely on being able
to continue the use the sky as an open
sewer for 110 million tons of manmade
global warming pollution every day the
cumulative amount of manmade global
warming pollution that's up there now
traps as much extra heat energy in the
atmosphere as would be released by
400,000 Hiroshima class atomic bombs
exploding every day that's a big planet
but that's an enormous amount of energy
and that's why the temperatures are
going up most of the of that heat energy
is going into the oceans by the way and
that's disrupting the water cycle by
loading a lot more water vapor coming
off the oceans into the sky the
atmospheric rivers take it over the land
and that's why we have these so-called
rain bombs now with these record
downpours and mudslides and floods and
then between the downpours the extra
heat also makes the droughts start more
quickly and go deeper and lasts longer
and of course is melting the ice and
that's why you have sunny day flooding
and Miami and Galveston and Norfolk and
Fort Lauderdale and Annapolis and were
still in Bangladesh in the Maldives and
I won't go on
list but we are largely a coastal
species and the threat of losing coastal
towns and cities all over the world it
is one of many of these problems and of
course then you know I don't want to
belabor this but think about the Zika
virus and the other tropical diseases
that were never known in this country
before and yes air travels had something
to do with spreading it but the climate
changes have changed the areas where
these diseases take root and become
endemic and when when doctors say for
the first time in history the women
inside parts of South and Central
America don't get pregnant for two years
that ought to set off alarm bells that
you know have nothing to do with
politics or partisanship when American
women are told for the first time in
history to avoid certain parts of the
United States because of these horrible
birth defects that can be carried with
this virus I you know it's just all
these things together are just
overwhelming but you can't shut down
because now we have the solutions we can
solve it it's supposed to be 70 degrees
today at free secure speaking of global
warming
whereas we need some global warming it's
freezing
the most criticized scene in the movie
An Inconvenient Truth was showing that
the combination of sea level rise and
storm surge would flood a 9/11 memorial
site and people said what a terrible
exaggeration Hurricane sandy slammed
into New York City last night plotting
the World Trade Center site storms get
stronger and more destructive watch the
water splash off the city it's time to
put America first that includes a
promise to cancel billions in climate
change spending our plan will end the
EPA this is our home you see the
opposition has gained the mantle of
power and is blocking everything that
could help climate change including
getting out of the Paris Accords which
is devastating look I did the math
you're younger than Bernie Sanders your
honor Ohio here we go younger than Joe
Biden younger than Hillary Clinton and
about the sandwich abut maybe a year
older about a year older than Elizabeth
Warren so and you already won an
election can I just say look I don't
know that anybody's ever asked you this
and I don't know if it's right to or not
but I am you didn't just win the popular
vote according to a entire recount of
Florida you won the electoral college so
the first of all I'm gonna ask a funny
question you can see that you can see
that you actually won the electoral
college as well
well publicly I have accepted the
responsibility of not challenging the
legitimacy of the outcome but I hear
what you're saying I think people have
by now understand what happened and I
wish the Supreme Court had seen it
differently you're still young so 69 is
the new 68 so is there any chance that
that you think well look the most
effective way to do this is through
government and and you get back in the
saddle well you know this might be as
good a place as any to
you know I not joking them in the movie
that I am a recovering politician and
the longer I go without a relapse the
less likely one becomes I'm grateful to
have found other ways to serve the
public interest and it feels to me like
I'm doing what I should be doing right
now if a real progressive wins and says
I want you to be the anti Rex Tillerson
the other guys picked the CEO of
ExxonMobil yeah that puts all this
carbon into the air I want you to come
clean it up and boy is theirs as I see
John Kerry in the movie in a Paris
Accords I think that would be amazing
for you to do is there possibility that
you would do that no no I would not do
that but you know you mentioned John
Kerry it's true he did an amazing job as
Secretary of State and you know we went
to the Senate on the same day and I'll
tell you our friendship and partnership
over the years was invaluable as we work
together in Paris and I really admire
the job he did did I mention the website
Jang I don't think you know Inconvenient
sequel dot-com you can buy advance
tickets it opens in Los Angeles this
fraud tomorrow in New York and then a
week from tomorrow August 4th it opens
wide all across the country and you got
viewers around the world this movie's
going to be playing in countries around
the world and use your voice use your
vote use your choices in life be a part
of the solutions and go to see this
movie An Inconvenient Truth an
inconvenience equal to the truth to
power
yes so the other thing is get involved
climate reality project and and then huh
and the first thing to do in getting
involved is actually seeing what's going
on if you didn't see it give me a true
scope actually it give me a truth and
then go see inconvenient sequel and it's
stark thank you yes
people come away hopeful they come away
hopeful but also with an increased sense
of urgency
