I want to play you a clip from Lindsey
Graham today because he says something
very interesting about the Muller
investigation okay so let's take a look
at that and then react this happened
just today there will be no confirmation
hearing for a new Attorney General in
2017 if jeff session is fired
there will be holy hill to pay any
effort to go after Muller could be the
beginning of the end of the Trump
presidency
unless Muller did something wrong okay
so those are very strong yeah very yeah
what's your level of faith that the
Republican senators will follow through
on that threat if he if he fire smaller
well you know Lindsey Graham is
sometimes out over his skis where the
rest of the Republican caucus is
concerned but the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee chuck Grassley put
out a tweet just the day before saying
he's not going to have any hearings on
any new Attorney General this year and
Ben Sasse of Nebraska put out a tweet
saying if you're thinking about a recess
appointment to replace those sessions
forget about it directed at Trump and
I've heard interviews with quite a few
Republican senators who were all saying
similar things so my guess is that this
that this sentiment expressed by Lindsey
Graham is not just him or not just him
and John McCain I think it it appears to
be representative of what the
Republicans in the Senate generally are
thinking and saying help us build
independent media together
EUI tea network.com /join
