very recently they decided to pass
single-payer in in the California Senate
yeah but couldn't quite get it done in
the assembly curious to your take on the
issue single-payer medicare-for-all move
what's your stance on MERS well
throughout my career in government back
in the day I was kind of skeptical about
single-payer I thought our you know the
hybrid system public-private could could
work starting in 2002 I came to the
conclusion that we should go to
single-payer medicare-for-all would be
an easy way to do it I just think that
the current system I mean I'm all for
Obamacare AFCA
as it's called but the Republicans are
trying to undermine that and when and if
we get to the point where we have to
rework it again I would be strongly in
favor of going to single payer help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
