and these Gurmukhi is the new
communications are here for the white
house and boy he's not good at
communications he's a bull in a china
shop
he's literally threatened to fire
everyone and at one point said and I
love this court I'm more of a front
stabbing person hey it isn't like the
back stabbed you he likes the front
stabbed you well that's what he did last
night he sent out a tweet that said in
light of the leak of my financial
disclosure info which is a felony I will
be contacting the FBI and the Justice
Department hashtag swamp at Reince 45
what wait a minute
why did you include Reince Priebus in
that tweet so okay let's just break this
down number one it is not a felony to
leak his financial disclosure forms he
made that up if you're the White House
communications director you're gonna
tweet in public just for a second look
up if it's true or not these people are
so grotesquely incompetent okay number
two you're gonna accuse the White House
chief of staff in your own
administration of leaking against you
and reporting to the FBI this is so
unprecedented even Nixon's
administration didn't do this stuff
publicly they did water getting all that
stuff behind the scenes they didn't come
out and go oh yeah I'm gonna fire you're
such an something oh yeah you should
step down oh yeah communications
director says Reince Priebus should go
that's unbelievable and if there was any
sense of order the boss in this case
Donald Trump would come in and go what
are you doing what are you accusing the
guy are you nuts
that's the White House chief of staff
that's arguably the second most
important important person in government
and that's part of my team and you're
saying we should report my own team to
the FBI and you're not even right and
second of all the FBI the Justice
Department are removed from the White
House they are supposed to be separate
for example if they need to investigate
the White House which is kind of where
we are today so you got that second part
wrong too
even if you thought
it was the case you can't direct the
White House cannot direct the FBI to
investigate in this case the White House
this is so insane it's insane Ryan Lizza
then tweets in case there's any
ambiguity in his tweet I can confirm
this girl Lucci wants the FBI to
investigate rights for leaking so Ryan
Lizza apparently talked to score Moochie
and he took care of course not gonna
tell you something okay I want that guy
investigated so there's no dispute over
it anymore okay and then did Reince
Priebus leak well that's a good question
it's not relevant because it's not a
crime he couldn't report it to the FBI
and it's mental that he's doing it
publicly instead of going behind the
scenes than going hey mr. president we
have a really dire situation here I
think your chief of staff might be the
leaker well you would handle it
internally you schmuck anyway he didn't
do any of that but did Reince leak it it
turns out no the person who reported his
financial disclosure forms from Politico
wrote this tweet Wow
she kept woke up late because this
happened in the middle of the night of
course as usual she says Wow sorry I
slept through all the fun for whatever
it's worth mr. scrummage cheese form to
780 is publicly available from
export-import bank just ask that's all
you have to do and she followed up by
saying my source for her Moochie
financials was Export Import Bank period
so it was not Reince Priebus who went
and discloses in fact it turns out it's
been public for three days but the Trump
administration is filled with Schmucks
they never do their homework what did I
tell you about Trump from day one his
number-one problem is not all the
horrible things he's done
it's his incompetence and scre Moochie
and him have been friends for a long
time yes they look at each other and go
hey you're just like me you do the same
hand motions you do the same outrageous
attacks in public which make no sense
and you also punch yourself in the face
just like I do so we're just seeing it
in public this is an amazing situation
after Sir mu Qi went to do so-called
damage control
on CNN the next morning which made it
way worse which I'll give you just a
sense of that in a sec somebody else
leaked to a reporter on Bloomberg who
then went on right after his car Moochie
and said white house was to say this
interview was a car crash it's also not
working to stop the leaks at all and
score Moochie of course denies this he
goes wrong twit was public notice the
leakers that all senior administration
officials are helping to end illegal
leaks and at Rice 45 he's saying no no I
didn't include Reince Priebus in the
tweet to say he did it I was doing it
because like hey we're all in this
together then why did you delete it he
deleted the tweet you delete the tweet
if you think oh I shouldn't have done
that
remember this is who said earlier I love
this tweet earlier he tweeted when he
first came on full transparency I'm
deleting old tweets oh no that's the
opposite of transparency you delete them
because you're embarrassed of them so
god he doesn't know anything and he's a
communications right there and no one
has botched communications more than
this so let me go to a little bit of
context cuz there's another piece off in
The New Yorker by Ryan Lizza who we
quoted cuz he was the first to start
talking about the things that were
happening within the administration
there was one thing he tweeted Wednesday
night that I was talking about a dinner
in the White House the first lady Trump
Hannity and Bill shine were all there
and also scaramouche II was there
this is what left him incensed about
previous this is what he thinks previous
actually is leaking about which led him
to the whole full thing and there's one
quote because this is a full article
three pages you have to read that
Lizza wrote came about an hour ago one
point when he's Tom AHA Matias he goes
Ryan's is a paranoid schizophrenic and a
pair of Nowak
but he said effing para paranoid then he
said Oh bill shrines come in and he was
like acting like he's Reince Priebus
he's telling all this to the reporter Oh
bill Sean's coming and let me let me
leak the fucking thing and see if I can
cock block these people the way I cock
block scared Moochie for six months so
he's mad about how from the beginning
Ryan's previous didn't want scared
he was fighting with Trump since they
came in to keep scaramouche from coming
in he brought him in now he thinks he's
mad so he thinks he's leaking everything
then it led to all things that happen on
the CNN interview he's mad at previous
he thinks he's the one so the let's go
to video 5 here is give you a little
sample of what happened on CNN this morn
Reince Priebus his name is connected to
this every time it comes out I in the
last 24 hours do you I didn't speak to
you about that and he can address that
himself alright we will ask people know
my history between me and Ryan yes ok I
can speak for my own action she's gonna
need to speak for his own actions wait a
minute if you are working with Reince as
you said in your later tweet and there's
no beef why would she he's got to speak
for himself people know our history we
do know your history your histories that
you guys hate each other you wanted his
job he made sure that you couldn't get
into the White House now you're an open
warfare so that's basically him saying
yeah that's right yeah I thought rice
was the leaker but you just said he
wasn't the leak of God he's so dumb okay
I'm gonna go to video was nine and
twelve year to so let's go to video nine
here and see how he follows that up if
this is about during what politics
should the FBI be involved tonight I
talked to Attorney General Sessions he's
on his way to El Salvador right now to
talk about ms-13 it's a little early
I've got buddies of mine in the FBI that
all be that's interesting timing yeah
that's definitely interesting timing
okay so he's basically saying no no I
don't care man I'm still going to FBI
even though it's I know now I've been
told that it's not the right thing to do
I want to go to that FBI and I'm beefing
with right so I presumably he's going to
talk to them about that you know what
let's go to video for two let's go to
video for right now because it gives you
a sense of who he's directing this to
and the as you know from the Italian
expression that fish stinks from the per
head down but I can tell you to fish
that don't stink okay
and that's mean the president and who
does that leave this is insane
he just told you the from the head down
chief of staff I have never seen any
administration where two officials are
openly warring with one another saying
the other one should be fired what a
mess this guy Donald Trump was supposed
to be a great leader
so I know how to lead okay I'm gonna get
things done because I just told them oh
you do this and you do that and
everything's gonna be great no it's a
mess in his own words it's a mess we're
not winning with this oh yes but I will
give her Moochie this he is living up to
the first part of his name scar and and
he does stab people from the front
because he's talking about national
television his own chief of staff we
have one last clip from Oscar Moochie
here this apparently was directed at
Reince Priebus let's go to video 12
he said tweet he said tweet if you like
The Young Turks you'll love Young Turks
membership tea white tea network.com
sighs join
