so last night scar Meucci in the White
House communications director puts out
an insane tweet saying that he's sending
the information about leakers of his
financial disclosure forms to the FBI
and to the Justice Department as you
might know but because we've been
covering it it the White House is not
allowed to send things like that of FBI
US Department it wasn't a felony and it
wasn't a leak it was already public
information clown Oh Rama and then he
deleted tweet in a panic and then later
said no I'm friends with right and then
then you're about to see the see any of
you ain't friends another nothing close
to friends so he goes on CNN for half an
hour which is ironically there's a leak
in the middle of the interview that CNN
reports right after the interview where
a senior White House administration
official says this interview is a car
crash while I want to show you that car
crash so let's start from the top video
three here is score Moochie on sienna
and the president also told me if you're
nice to me in this segment he'll let me
come back on the show is that cool so
why don't you let me talk for a little
bit and then you can ask me questions
and what the president and i would like
to tell everybody with a very very good
idea who the leakers are who the senior
leakers are in the White House we know
who the senior leakers are the White
House wait if the president you know it
why doesn't the president just fire them
I mean he's only one thing he's known
for his firing people whether it was
apprentice or immediately once he gets
inside the White House like okay all you
people I hired you're fired you're fired
you're fired right so if he knows why
doesn't he know so who is it because you
use you seem to indicate it was Reince
Priebus reporters have now absolutely
positively clarified that you talked to
them and said it was Reince Priebus now
you're claiming it's not but who is it
let's go to the next video and the as
you know from the Italian expression
that fish stinks from the per head down
but I can tell you two fish that don't
stink
okay and that's mean the president just
say it's Rivas were saying everything
but that it's super obvious god this is
amazing the incompetence is legendary
and record-breaking alright next clips a
little bit longer this kind of where he
challenges rights I don't like the
activity that's going on in the White
House I don't like what they're doing it
my friend I don't like what they're
doing through the president United
States o or their fellow colleagues in
the West Wing now if you want to talk
about the staff we have had odds we have
had differences when I said we were
brothers from the on the podium that's
because we're rough on some brothers are
like Cain and Abel other brothers can
fight with each other and get along I
don't know if this is repairable or not
that will be up to the president but
he's the chief of staff he's responsible
for understanding and uncovering and
helping me do that inside the White
House which is why I put that tweet out
last night when the journalists who
actually know who the leakers are like
Ryan Lizza they know the leakers
Jonathan Swain a taxi oh these guys know
who the leakers are I respect him for
not telling me because I understand and
respect journalistic integrity however
when I put out a tweet and I put wences
name in the tweet they're all making the
assumption that it's him because
journalists know who the leakers are so
if liance wants to explain that he's not
a leaker let him do that let me tell you
something about myself I am a straight
shooter
I'll go right I'll go right to the heart
of the matter okay so I'm done talking
you can ask me questions but be nice on
this segment quick what a weird New York
things if book remember be nice in this
segment okay I'm he says he's done talk
he was nowhere near done talking and who
says we're like Cain and Abel you know
they killed each other
kill the other that is not a good
analogy to make about the White House
communications director and the White
House chief of staff do you know what
you're saying
you know your job as communications he
had no experience in communications he
was a financial guy so wow it looks like
Trump hired someone who didn't know what
he was doing
shocking I knew you didn't see that
coming so Keenan Ava was bad enough the
fish stinks from the head down is bad
enough mmm
holds let's go to the next one but the
White House leaks are small potatoes
relative to things that are going on
with leaking things about Syria or North
Korea or leaking things about Iraq those
are the types of leaks that are so
treasonous but 150 years ago people
would have actually been hung for those
types of leaks oh I see I'm glad we
brought the tone back down well delete
cause you know we used to hang them you
know what I'm sayin what are you saying
on national television he's not done
more you know what I like bringing up
this apartment of Justice to the FBI
because people that have done things
that are wrong makes them nervous Chris
I haven't done anything wrong so I am
not nervous at all
when people do things wrong and you
mention the FBI in at the apartment of
Justice you watch I told the president
this morning when the iceberg hits the
boat the rats are flying up from
steerage right because the water comes
in in steerage okay so when you mention
the FBI and the Department of Justice
you watch how the rats within the boat
you just call the chief of staff a rat
and you talked about how the leaker
should be hung and presumably rice
didn't leak at anybody in North Korea so
let's just say you didn't mean that
about rights but for the president to
tolerate this kind of dissension within
his own administration and not to
straighten it out shows horrible
management skills I mean I've never seen
a manager this bad in my life and we're
all seeing it because he's he's
depressive of the United States he's
doing it in front of everybody do you
let a guy like if somebody from the
opposition party talked about your chief
of staff that way imagine when Trump
would say but his silence is deafening
and scre Moochie keeps saying I talk to
the president the president and I talked
earlier this morning and he says they're
like I said they're like what's right
you know what I'm saying Dottie
so apparently Donald Trump is honest
carlucci side so but he's the one in
obvious and subordination of the chief
of staff he's the one doing it publicly
rice didn't do it publicly any rational
human being would fire scre Moochie but
instead it looks like rice is the one in
trouble I don't know how this sorts of
sources
you know why this Trump doesn't know
he's like oh no this is our problem and
no one's gonna be a problem I told him
to fire everybody and I told him to go
after the guys including my own second
in charge chief of staff you know the
vice president's gonna sit in his own
residence doesn't know anything
cheapest F is it asses the second most
powerful person and Trump is apparently
he saw the tweets curb Moochie sent last
night against saying that the his own
chief of staff should be reported to the
FBI for a felony again not true was it a
felony and his rights didn't do it
but the president saw that and then he
talks to his core Meucci this morning
he's like okay go on CNN make more of a
jackass out of yourself I can't describe
to you how insane this is more from
score Muji's not done he's never done if
this is about dermablend politics should
the FBI be involved tonight I talked to
Attorney General Sessions he's on his
way to El Salvador right now to talk
about ms-13 it's a little early i've got
buddies of mine in the FBI that all be
that's interesting timing the White
House is not supposed to direct the FBI
that is a part of our checks and
balances but they don't know anything
about our government
so I'm sitting here in the White House
Chris and I directed the FBI oh my god
why did you just admit that on air how
many times can i say incompetence more
no laws have been broken no FBI no
Department of Justice but I like
mentioning them because I Nonie knockers
when I see them and their knees will
start not now I know the need not
because you know what I'm saying
you know you got these rats trying to
get off the bone I know that knee
knockers so I tell them I tell them
Sutton okay I say I've got a report it
an FBI was it illegal really go that's
what I'm gonna do okay
all right mooch well that's one from the
mooch you know we shouldn't be running
on the White House like that look I
totally get why you want integrity of
purpose within your white house I think
that your desire to be straight about it
is important I think that's why these
tweets last night got you in a little
bit of trouble and I wanted to give you
a chance to clarify it if ya know I'm
not I'm not believe me let me tell you
something I work for one person okay
to the President of the United States I
took fucking 15 minutes this morning are
from in trouble I'm not saying you're
saying the tweets and the deleting a
tweet so I have it full support okay so
look Donald Trump if scaramouche II
really does have your full support and
he thinks the fish stinks from the head
down
and he thinks it's Reince Priebus and he
wants to report them to the FBI if you
think your chief of staff committed a
felony then you should fire him
immediately but yet there's still no one
home the president hasn't spoken about
this and he's just letting this happen
in front of the whole world have you
ever seen management this bad if you saw
it at a company you would be in
disbelief what are they gonna do
something about this but it's playing
out in front of the whole planet I've
never seen anything so mental in my life
every day you wake up and just when you
think you hit the bottom you find out
that this barrel doesn't have a bottom
so what's gonna happen tomorrow no idea
but this thing is spinning out of
control so fast we can't keep up with it
it's just such a mess it's making our
head spin
by the way Trump supporters are you
tired of winning yet remember you were
gonna win so much you were gonna get
tired of winning you might be tired but
it ain't of winning one last quote for
you guys Scripps Josh green talked to a
senior White House adviser
he's from Bloomberg but he was on CNN
right after scrum ooh cheese interview
though the senior White House adviser
said the interview as I told you earlier
was a car crash
so then Green says on the air so the
idea that stunts like this are going to
lock down the leaks shut them off I
think it's probably wrong they're
leaking while he's complaining about
leaks on CNN so not only has it been
grotesquely counterproductive it also
didn't accomplish his mission
incompetence through and through help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
