a couple of days ago on the show I asked
the question of what will the
Republicans do there will be a moment of
truth for them if Donald Trump actually
follows through and fires sessions and
Muller because if he does that and they
let him do it there is some chance that
we have lost our checks and balances and
what we know to be America it is that is
not an overstatement because if you are
under investigation and you're allowed
to fire anyone who investigates you well
that is that is not our form of
government our form of government is
that the three branches are supposed to
check one another not let the executive
branch do whatever they want whether
it's within the law or not what's in the
law so we now have our first answer as
to what Republicans are going to do if
we get to that moment of truth so let me
show you Lindsey Graham from South
Carolina Republican senator you know the
president has the right to fire anybody
in this cabinet as a human being I think
he should show some respect for Jeff
Sessions as a person and how Jeff
Sessions was the most loyal support
Donald Trump he's a rock-solid
conservative but the reason I like him
so much is I often disagree with him but
I've never believed that he was a man
who would who lacks integrity or sense
of fair play this effort to basically
marginalize and humiliate the Attorney
General was not going over well in the
Senate I don't think it's going on over
well in the conservative world if you
bleed just sessions to be fired use the
power you have and accept the
consequences
damn accept the consequences so those
are strong words there by Lindsey Graham
they're about to get stronger wait till
you see the second video so look this is
very interesting development you're not
gonna be surprised the Democrats of
course agree
now as senator Blumenthal who was
Democrats that firing Muller would quote
precipitate a firestorm that would be
unprecedented in proportions so okay but
you really got to take the actual
actions and now it is important to see
the conservative media ranging from Fox
News to Breitbart began to say hey
firing Jeff Sessions is a terrible idea
don't do it the congressional
Republicans have expressed strong
support for former FBI director robert
muller they've also rallied around
sessions so now you're seeing the
legislators okay but what are you
actually going to do about it that
brings us to the second thing Lindsey
Graham said there will be no
confirmation hearing for a new Attorney
General in 2017 if Jeff session is fired
there will be holy Hill to pay any
effort to go after Muller could be the
beginning of the end of the Trump
presidency
unless Muller did something wrong now
we're having a conversation so he's
saying we're not confirming anyone else
Jeff Sessions is your attorney gentle
you want a fire fire face the
consequences but we're not putting in a
new Attorney General and then the second
comment is even stronger you fire Muller
and it is the beginning of the end for
you that is a Republican senator from
South Carolina now he's not the end-all
be-all and he has tweaked Donald Trump
more often than other Republican
senators but now Chuck Grassley Ben
Sasse from Nebraska and others are
coming out and saying yeah no no that's
a terrible idea to fire sessions any of
your fire Muller came on and you know
Republicans you never know they could
circle the wagons and protect him anyway
but it will definitely be their moment
of truth because if you let him fire
Muller that means he can do anything he
wants forget past crimes you can do
future crimes and he just put his
cronies in and he'll never be held
accountable
again not our system of government but
it's not just words Lindsey Graham also
took some action so let me go to the
Associated Press for this Senator
Lindsey Graham of South Carolina is
working on legislation that would block
the firing of special counsels without
judicial review now they should pass
that immediately and if you believe in
American democracy that is exactly the
right law and I don't say that about the
legislation the Republicans offer very
often well that one is absolutely right
so you block Trump from being able to
fire the person who's actually
investigating him if they don't do that
and he does
and maybe but that's why Trump's had a
bit of a panic here he's got to go right
now to fire these people now if you
didn't do it would you be in that same
panic or would you think what's the
difference
you know they can investigate anything
oh I get out of hand out then my
Republican senators will agree with me
that they're going in the wrong
direction but if you have something to
cover up you're gonna want to fire those
guys before they pass this legislation
and now they're saying well if you do
the beginning of the end
we'll see interesting times if you like
this video you'll love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
