now the Congress is considering new
sanctions on Russia they're not as tough
as the ones that were passed in Obama
administration but they would definitely
affect the Russian economy and Vladimir
Putin of course is furious about it and
so it's very interesting to see which
way Congress is gonna go and then of
course the White House is he is Donald
Trump going to pretend to be in favor of
sanctions but you know what if he signs
the bill then you're not pretending
anymore then you pass the sanctions then
I go you know what okay
maybe he'll change later before the
moment being he didn't lift the
sanctions that's what Russia wanted most
and that's what we thought the deal was
right so let's go find out together
well Reuters reporting US President
Donald Trump could veto pending
legislation that was slapped new
sanctions on Russia they could he says
in order to push for a tougher deal no
but wait wait wait wait wait we we have
these sanctions that you have been
fighting against the entire time now you
claim you want to make it tougher well
it would go to our new friend Anthony
score Moochie and he says he may veto
the sanctions and negotiate an even
tougher deal against the Russians okay
you say that but then Reuters follows up
with the idea of Trump wanting to
strengthen the sanctions drew skepticism
in Congress because his administration
had spent weeks lobbying for a weaker
bill it's not like we can't see that
your guys are all over Congress going
don't do the sanctions and if you're
gonna do the sanctions make it's much
weaker now when you say oh I'm gonna
veto the sanctions bill if they pass it
all the way through Congress - oh
because I'd like them to be tougher we
know you're lying you lied in public all
the congressman and all the Senators
know you're lying cuz you just told them
a couple of days ago that you want the
sanctions to be weaker not pretending
that you want them to be tougher is
preposterous but it gets worse because
Reuters explains the White House has
said the Trump is still evaluating the
bill in support of strong sanctions
against Russia however
sure can impose new sanctions at any
time you're an executive order so wait a
minute if you hunted tougher sanctions
why don't you just do them now you
couldn't pass the bill and then go you
know what on top of that here's an
executive order with tougher sanctions
on Russia the reality is you don't want
those sanctions you can't have those
sanctions and you're risking your entire
political career and your administration
to be to possibly veto this bill because
you've got to deal with the Russians
it's the most obvious thing in the world
any person who doesn't have a deal with
the Russians would think what am I going
to endanger my entire administration
these guys are breathing down my neck
there's all these there's a special
castle there's these investigators if in
the middle of all this I veto a bill
that the sanctions on Russia for
meddling in our election my own
intelligence agencies the guys I
appointed dan coates Mike Pompeo head of
the CIA director of national
intelligence telling me there is no
doubt and no dissent Russia interfered
with our elections why on God's green
earth would you deny it defy your own
party who's actually pushing this
forward and credit to the Republicans
for doing so of course the Democrats
agree but the Republicans doing this
despite a Republican president opposed
to it give them credit for that your own
intelligence agencies not Obama's
telling you that the Russians did do it
and so if you block it and you veto it
you basically told us there's nothing I
can do because if I don't block these
sanctions Putin is going to deliver on
the other end of the threat we don't
know what the other end of that threat
is but molars busy trying to find out
this is the most obvious thing in the
world if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm /join
