the Confederate show on HBO you know
about this no from Benioff and Weiss
from those the names they know the game
of Thrones guys oh wow doing show called
Confederate which is based on I guess a
book that came out or or it's been
around for a while and it's it's just
like mana high castle it's the South won
the war and started some country and
they still have slavery who so like I
love that sort of alter history stuff
but even as I read it I was like oh
really
so huh and uh and right away like Dave's
ayran was like this is a terrible idea
right and then black Twitter which is a
thing uh with pretty Universal in its
condemnation it seems like the two
they're going to be the GPS it seems
like the main two writers I think are
black right yet nonetheless so I'm
actually working for Benioff and white
right my friend I don't care but you
know I mean I'm like and the reaction
was pretty aggressive but you know like
it's a show it's drama who knows your
might go on black Twitter now on is like
Twitter called litter uh but uh like man
hi Castle Mark Harris the writer pointed
out like there's no like Twitter what
nuts when they were do man like ass'll
where the without Nazis are in charge
but not quite the same thing right it
isn't like the same um but what a man in
the high castle are there so I don't
know Jill's a user in horrified there's
a juicer in but uh yeah I mean not these
are in charge um but we're not seeing in
theaters the way they described the show
it looked like we were gonna see
enslaved blacks a lot like and that so
one guy one actor pointed out like a man
so black guys are going to be given this
choice like okay it's a role but I gotta
be a goddamn slave like I don't want it
this is now so that is a super
interesting topic um I don't think
that's a nice I think that's a very hard
question I don't think it's easy I don't
think it's an easy no that's a bad I
thought just to play those roles know I
mean like should you do that show or
should you not it sounds like people are
saying that's an easy no you shouldn't
do though I don't think it's no don't
think that's what he really is your
about history like we fruit like you
know we to some extent we gloss over
slavery and like it's okay with me if
every 5-10 years we shake people like
hey we did this we did you know not that
long though then we spent a hundred
years plus with the math significant
outer effects of it it's it's okay
alternate history stuff is weird though
I mean it's yeah you know no I kind of
love it I mean I don't watch any of
those shows but I feel like I would I
just happen not to I like that I well
the reason is because we still have
people who always part of maybe part of
the reason is I'm an official member of
black Twitter the reason maybe probably
frustrated about it if people still have
these fantasies of what if they did
happen and those fantasies uh lead into
them having their own exactly what this
is going to do this country itself that
has thrived from this nature of slavery
so there's real people who harken back
to those good old old Jose or the Dave
xyron's point was like hey man
something's going to see you they got a
date like you know and they still hope
for that I mean they they reenact the
Civil War where the South rose and isn't
that wonderful
so the main thing and you guys have all
seen and heard there's some people who
have you tweeted in an e-mail though
ever going on they go there make sure
people don't broadcast their love and
their fantasy of still dominating over
black people because they're doing it in
a sneaky-ass way to be like yes I
totally get it
down that let me do a counterpoint and
I'm official part of Turkish Twitter
called Twitter to winter so no seriously
I part of reason I love Django Unchained
was because it showed it and when he
showed that you know the guys is not
only in the chains but the the face
master used to have and then the what
the mandingo fight and as it was called
right man daddy we've got like if you're
a decent human being that churns your
stomach to no end and so what I liked
about it was all the fire you put on
that no no yeah I know but but I think
that a lot of people get to glorify the
Confederacy
in the south a lot no question a lot and
without like because nobody ever rubs
their face in it like no no this is what
the Confederacy was don't give me
anything about heritage and states
rights and state stories to do what
right heritage of what right and so if
you show it maybe it makes them a little
uncomfortable if they're anywhere near
decent like a better 22 percent decent
person like they go they look at that
shown ago it mean maybe I'm not gonna
fly that Confederate like the problem of
doing though to is that if you
soft-pedal it you get criticism for not
showing it as it really was right and if
you go too hard with it then if you if
you get the ugliness that will ensue
from people watching it and say it
wasn't so bad then then there's nothing
productive and I think it's a really
difficult it'll all it's a I agree it's
a really hard thing to pull off but
these are great show runners and and and
and if they're and it seems smart enough
that they're the day-to-day operations
the show like you run by Blackie peas
and that they'll be enormous sensitivity
to it I don't know I just
III don't think you one of the problems
with Twitter's of course everyone has
this immediate reaction to this thing
that probably is worth on you know I
mean a CEO HBO and these guys were
probably in conversation about this for
sounds like four years right you know
and they have what everybody's the
problem 140 characters is that it's
either this or it's that yeah right you
can't do on the other hand in 140
characters so the reaction that people
have is appears to be not nuanced the
reason the civil rights movement was so
desperate to get New York Times
photographers down to Selma and other
places where they were protesting is so
that if the dogs attacked would be they
could get a picture and if they put it
in the front page of the New York Times
of a young well-dressed black man being
attacked by a vicious dog that it was
going to evoke sympathy right so if that
was not for fantasy that was not for
people are like yeah that's a good thing
it changed people's minds because see
that's part of me having faith in
humanity in that case it turned out to
be
case right that when people say that the
reason that the Nazis tried hard to hide
the gas chambers from outside world and
some of Nazi supporters in the u.s. hid
that information right like some of the
Nazi sympathizers and in the OSS when
they got Turk when Germans came in and
said they've got gas chambers and you
won't believe it it is all rific and
they explained what happened and the OSS
would not send that back to Roosevelt
some of them okay because if you find
out what's happening to gasps shivers
you're going to want to stop the gas
