following protests for the 2016
presidential inauguration officials
seized phones of some of the protesters
and are now trying to crack those phones
in order to charge them of conspiracy to
riot let's break down what's happening
prosecutors have indicted over 200
people on felony riot charges for
protests in Washington DC on January
20th that broke windows and damaged
vehicles some defendants face up to 75
years in prison despite little evidence
against them but a new court filing
reveals that investigators have been
able to crack into at least eight
defendants locked cell phones how did
they get their cell phones how were
these people rounded up this is what
happened
DC police officers channelled hundreds
of people into a narrow blockaded corner
where they carried out mass arrests of
everyone in the area some of those
people including a journalist and two
allegedly peaceful protesters are now
suing for wrongful arrest now while they
were doing that they seized more than a
hundred cell phones from defendants and
other unindicted arrestees and as of now
you know for a while we didn't know what
was going on with these cell phones but
we do have court documents that now show
that investigators were successful in
opening some of the locked phones eight
seized phones six of which were
encrypted and two were not encrypted
what about lean prosecutors move to use
a wealth of information from the phones
as evidence including the phone's call
detail records SMS or MMS messages
contact logs email logs chats or other
messaging applications website search
history and website history and images
or videos so long as the data related to
January 20th the protests or other
people suspected to have been involved
in the protest but that is so vague I
don't know how you sort of discern that
I want to get a response from you guys
because Anna we were talking about the
story before we went to tape and you
really had a focal point on what you
think the core problem with the story is
well core problem number one there's a
few core problems but problem number one
is that these were mass arrests and well
I concede that there were people who
were rioting and were breaking windows
and should be punished as a result of
that there were individuals who were
simply covering what was going on
journalists were there
journalists were doing what journalists
are supposed to do reporting on you know
these protests and what was occurring
and so at least one of these journalists
is now suing for wrongful arrest
something that you mentioned
and so if you're doing these mass
arrests and you're indiscriminately
arresting everyone that just happens to
be in the area well then we already have
a little bit of a problem right but then
they take away their phones they keep
the phones and then proceed to go
through the data on those phones and the
browsing history the pictures the text
messages all that stuff and I see that
as problematic especially if someone was
innocent and wasn't there trying to
cause any problems if you're looking
through someone's phone and you don't
have the context of you know what you're
looking at you can make a big deal out
of something that's not a big deal at
all so for instance if I'm reading news
on my phone and I'm reading some
articles that are anti-trump
is that going to be used against me if
I'm being prosecuted and every if I've
been wrongfully arrested for covering
those protests and then they're
prosecuting me for being a rioter right
could they use that against me right and
as I now what the Daily Beast is
reporting is that it's unclear what
they're looking for in these phones so
the exact contents of the two
unencrypted phones that they are able to
search or whether prosecutors will
attempt to introduce evidence from other
crock phones is unclear but mark
Goldstone a lawyer representing six of
the accused that the footage is less
than damning he says quote here's your
client at the beginning of the March
wearing black clothes and goggles your
client could have left but did not and
here's your client at the end in the
police kettle it's just you don't really
know what they're looking for they
haven't really released what exactly
they're what what would be incriminating
what what is the evidence that they're
looking for like anything could be any
of that's that that's what I'm kind of
nervous about that's what the unsettling
feeling that I'm getting from this story
is that you could kind of look through
anyone's phone searchers and you know my
fascination with true crime and murder
and be like well super murderer I just
it feels like such a breach of privacy
yes so there's a number of issues here
you guys already talked about the
pending everybody together based on
where they were in the protest night
secondarily you look if somebody's doing
property crimes and there
it's you know breaking a window yeah you
arrest them for that of course right
facing 75 years in prison that seems a
little crazy okay now is they very
likely won't get 75 years in prison okay
but still those charges are way way
overcharging and so then saying of all
okay now you're putting in a riot charge
in there well dude if the guy broke a
window
arrest them no question about it they
broke another law arrest them now but
now you're charging everybody in the
neighborhood in that vicinity with riot
what does that mean and now you're
adding like these enormous sentences on
top because you were rioting no no if
there's a specific crime arresting
person for that crime okay because then
you can call protesting a riot right
yeah conspiracy to riot sounds a lot
like guilty by association
right yeah yes exactly and then you know
the thing about looking through their
phones and trying to find like
incriminating evidence I mean this is
the reason why you don't look through
your significant others phone right
because you will find something that is
probably not a big deal but you're gonna
end up making a big deal about it right
and so I just I feel I'm a little
worried that they're gonna find stuff
that isn't actual evidence that they
were you know guilty of conspiracy to
riot and they're gonna use it against
these people
definitely so when they say oh no we're
only looking at stuff related to January
20th sure you didn't go through their
whole phones they're like wait wait that
doesn't look like it's exactly related
to January 20th let's put aside the
naked pictures of their girlfriends now
they're all looking at them once they
break into your phone they're gonna look
at everything in your phone it's a gross
gross violation of privacy now if they
had you committing a violent act
well then looking at your phone for
evidence is way more justifiable they
can get a warrant etc right but if they
just grabbed you because you're in a
neighborhood and then you break into
your phone that's a terrible violation
of your privacy yeah and so I don't want
the government doing that
any of us I don't want doing to
right-wingers left-wingers or anybody
you should be a lot of protists you're
most American right there is so finally
look if you're gonna convict people of
very serious charges you have to have a
lot better evidence then the dude was
wearing black in the beginning he was
wearing black at the end doesn't prove
anything
now look as a reasonable person I look
at that and go that guy's probably black
bloc right whatever they're calling
themselves they came out and they wanted
to cause some they wanted to cause a
ruckus or or me and some of them had the
intent to do property destruction okay
but that doesn't mean that guy is guilty
of those crimes if you don't have
evidence on a that's right like saying
that like somebody in the crowd of two
of the arrests of two hundred people
somebody in the crowd of two hundred or
two or three people I don't know how
many people that committed acts of
violence or property destruction in the
crowd of two hundred and all two hundred
and then that's this is not even true
but some portion of the two hundred were
wearing black in the beginning and they
were wearing black at that yeah that's
the worst case in American history of
course they're free to go that's not
proving your case I don't thought I just
want to make one quick thought or one
quick point about what I think is really
going on with this case this is a form
of intimidation because it sends a
really strong message to anyone who
wants to protest who wants to speak
truth to power that if anyone happens to
do anything even remotely illegal or
violent in the middle of that protest
you could get rounded up and you could
face some pretty serious charges right
if you follow the news and you come
across this story and you hear about
what happened to these people especially
reporters who happen to be there
covering the event or covering the
protests well then are you really gonna
be you know encouraged to go out there
and join a protest against anyone right
so these guys who could commit that any
kind of violence or illegal activities
so counterproductive it's maddening like
you couldn't help right-wingers and
Trump more if you tried but what it did
Ana is absolutely right if you're a
peaceful protester the cops are sending
a message don't come out because if
anyone does anything wrong in the
protest
well we can arrest you two and then
break into your phone and look for stuff
and that's a terrible message to send in
a democracy help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
