senator Murkowski was one of the GOP
senators who voted against allowing for
more debate for a replacement plan for
the Affordable Care Act and she got a
little bit of criticism from those on
the right but the commander in chief
decided to also criticize her by
basically targeting her in a tweet so he
tweeted senator Lisa Murkowski of the
great state of Alaska really let
Republicans in our country down
yesterday too bad so I was curious to
see what kind of responses he got to
that tweet and actually a lot of people
stood by Murkowski and thanked her for
not dismantling the Affordable Care Act
but Murkowski caught wind of this tweet
and responded to it I want to play the
response and then we'll discuss take a
look I am in in a position where I'm not
looking to a reelection until 2022 it's
a long time away and quite honestly I
don't think it's it's wise to be
operating on a daily basis thinking
about what a statement or a response
that that causes you to be fearful of of
of your electoral prospects we're here
to govern we're here to legislate we're
here to represent the people that sent
us here and so every day shouldn't be
about campaigning every day shouldn't be
about winning elections just doing a
little bit of governing around here
that's that's what I'm here for
okay so his attack on a particular
senator that voted the wrong way okay I
might this might be surprising to you
it's actually not that bad an idea but
you have to do it in moderation and you
have to do it very carefully and
strategically because it if you're gonna
go after someone in your own party you
better not miss now is Donald Trump
gonna do anything in moderation or
strategically of course not so first of
all he threatens to go after everybody
and then it loses
all effectiveness he's that God would
get sensuous and I'm gonna get Bukowski
and I'm gonna get he had gone after
Heller and then McConnell yelled at him
like are you stupid that's the one seat
we could actually lose in the next
election and we need every seat to win
these things what do you do going at
rallies like oh okay I didn't know that
okay yeah that's cuz you're a moron and
you don't check into anything
I mean you're gonna go after your own
Republican senators and you didn't look
at their electoral situation and so when
he goes after Murkowski she basically
you know that I'll summarize that whole
statement for you guys kiss my ass she's
like look I'm not hope for a licen till
2020 basically she's say Trump isn't
gonna be anywhere near here in 2020 what
the hell is he doing if she was up for
election to in the next cycle then let's
keep it real she pretty much confessed
there they would then I would have some
electoral pressure right but as it is
now I don't need pressure you don't know
what the hell you're doing I just got
goose bumps at the thought of Trump not
being around in 2020 oh I mean it felt
real nice in awhile since I felt that
excited might not even be a free man at
that point he might be in Rikers not so
anyway look the reason why I say it's
not that bad an idea if you do it
strategically is Obama never did it he
almost never went after anyone in his
own party to put pressure on them to
actually do something progressive
probably because he didn't want to do
anything that progressive right but if
he had wanted to then you could actually
put if Obama went and did a rally in a
blue state to put pressure on a
Democratic senator that could've worked
would have worked and would have been a
smart idea if you did it in moderation
and very carefully Trump comes in of
course bull meat china shop right and
with no planning at all so now he's just
attacking senators Wiley and finally why
is that a terrible idea
now you flip it around hey knucklehead
you're in a situation where impeachment
is not out of consideration I mean you
are in a panic I'm not me you you're in
a panic over like oh my god stop the
rushing about you stop the rising
everybody right so you're obviously
worried that there's something that's
going to be a significant problem for
you you need every Republican to hold
the line when it actually goes and
becomes a real issue because one name
the bartowskis and the McCain's etcetera
are gonna turn around and come to the
White House like they did with Nixon and
go son you gotta go that's that's a good
point and that's that's definitely
possible especially when you consider
the fact that you know Collins was
caught with that hot mic talking about
you know how crazy Trump is so it kind
of gives you a sense that you know even
members of the GOP are either beginning
to turn on him or didn't like him from
the beginning and are probably waiting
for the right strategic moment to act I
wish they would act right now and do so
aggressively but who knows but the other
thing I wanted to add is you know
Trump's threatening her in a way it's a
veiled threat and it's a it's a
political threat but what he fails to
realize is that the proposals that are
being put out by the GOP in regard to
health care are not popular okay they
have about 20% support among the
electorate and so if you're calling
around you're like oh man you're letting
people down by voting against this
you're actually helping her so please
continue because in this case as a
moderate member of the GOP she's
actually looking out for her
constituents right it's really hard to
find a principled politician and at
least with this specific issue she seems
to be principled she seems to be looking
out for the best interests of her
constituents so good for her so one poll
has this proposal down it's 17 percent
approval so if you think you're putting
an electoral pressure on senators by
getting trying to get them to back a
proposal that has 17 percent approval
you don't know a thing and that's of
course normal for Trump but I'm telling
you right now if he alienates enough
Republican senators and he will and he's
in the middle of doing it now
one day Lisa Murkowski is gonna walk
into his office and tell him that the
North remembers and she's gonna tell him
winter has come for the Trump's if you
like this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
