tomorrow at 2:00 40-ish I know that it's
kind of a it depends on when he's going
to arrive okay so sudden giving a little
bit of a loose time won't seek there on
live in the studio Vice President Al
Gore and a for a second that Vice
President Mike passed that would have
been amazing as well but yes Al Gore in
the studio tomorrow and you'll also be
at the top of the show to so tune in a
little bit of early tomorrow live for
everybody and also I mean there's just a
ton announcements I don't know I think
can get all men anyway there's a press
conference that I told you about a
couple of days ago in Washington the
just Democrats are putting together for
Medicare for all so if you're anywhere
near watching that's tomorrow 11:00 a.m.
Eastern go check that out Congressman
John Conyers congressman wrote kana are
gonna be there and so go to just
Democrats calm and then Anna is debating
and culture on Saturday politican her
son is debating Michael Kirk that's a a
couple of young guys one on the server
side obviously Hassan the more
progressive side the and on Sunday I'll
be debating Ben Shapiro on political I
also actually have a super interesting
panel about the future of the Democratic
Party mix with some establishment folks
and I think there might be one other
progressive on the panel so that ought
to be a lot of fireworks I want to see
our guys out there politico.com slash
tyt politico.com slash tyt to get
tickets to see it in Pasadena this
weekend
