so President Trump took us out of the
Paris climate Accord which how could you
hate the Paris Accord it's a non-binding
non treaty that 200 countries are okay
with but with the president making a lot
of moves in that vein it's now up to us
to take action on our own to make sure
that we address the very real issue of
climate change the good news is that
local leaders are stepping up to fill
the void that the president has left
across the country there is a growing
movement of local leaders towns
municipalities to make the transition to
100% renewable energy and communities
are moving beyond coal and dirty fuels
we at TYT recognize the severity of this
issue and so we've partnered with
participant media and Al Gore's new
movie An Inconvenient sequel to make
real change in the world as part of that
we have started the hashtag be
inconvenient 10 days of action and each
day we're spotlighting a new
non-governmental organization that's
doing its part and today we're focusing
on the Sierra Club the Sierra Club was
founded in 1892 it's the nation's
largest and most influential grassroots
environmental organization the Sierra
Club operates in millions if you ask me
they have over three million members and
they've also protected millions of acres
of wild lands the Clean Air Act the
Clean Water Act the Endangered Species
Act the Sierra Club helped to pass all
three and today they're leading the
charge to move away from dirty fossil
fuels to 100% clean and renewable energy
what energy wind and solar energy which
in addition to powering homes also
created this weird panda shape suntan
that I got from wearing sunglasses on
the beach mayors from big cities and
small towns Democrats and Republicans
have banded together to endorse the
Sierra Club's vision here's some
examples Salt Lake City they're working
toward a goal of 100% clean energy by
how about st. Petersburg Florida mayor
Rick Christman they're using some money
from the BP oil spill settlement to form
a plan to go to 100% renewable energy
you want something on the west coast
come over to San Diego why don't you and
meet Mayor Kevin Faulconer this
Republican mayor brought the business
community together to work toward that
goal of 100% renewable and clean energy
and now San Diego is the biggest city in
the country to move forward
toward that goal and studies have shown
they're going to do it in a
cost-effective way it's not just these
cities nearly 40 cities across America
have committed to the goal of 100% clean
and renewable energy and now it's your
turn to get involved do you want to go
check and see if your town is committed
to this goal go to ready for 100 org and
see for yourself
and get involved and also go see an
inconvenient sequel it's being released
in New York and Los Angeles on July 28th
and then on August 4th it will be
nationwide also go to the Sierra Club's
website and see how you can help out and
explore all the links below which will
give you great ways to find out more
about what's happening with the climate
crisis and how you can get involved
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time
