Donald Trump spoke at the National Boy
Scout Jamboree in West Virginia this is
something that the Boy Scouts do every
four years and they usually do ask the
President to come speak and Donald Trump
obliged now keep in mind that
historically the speech of the president
gives is not supposed to be political or
divisive it's supposed to be
inspirational for these young boys and
it turned into something like we have
never seen before
keep in mind that the audience consists
of Boy Scouts between the ages of 12 and
18 and Donald Trump did make it
political he went political very quickly
let's take a look at his first let's
take a look at the first video Secretary
Tom Price is also here today as our
Secretary of Health and Human Services
and he's doing a great job and hopefully
he's going to get the votes tomorrow to
start our path toward killing this
horrible thing known as Obamacare that's
really hurting us
so it appears like the crowd ate it up
there were a number of parents that were
not happy with some of the statements
that Trump made again he did make it
highly political and also it didn't
really seem like a speech that he was
giving to Boy Scouts it seemed like a
campaign speech seemed like he was doing
a rally during the campaign it's obvious
that somebody told him right before he
went on stage hey this is not supposed
to be a political speech because he
comes out in the beginning goes now who
would want to talk about politics anyway
they went on to talk about almost
nothing about politics right he talked
about all the different states that he
won in the election he went to attack
Hillary Clinton out of nowhere the Tom
Price thing about the health care bill
was completely political and then he
said they're gonna kill Obamacare and
then and then they start to start
chanting USA so of course he doesn't
know what he's doing of course is
totally inappropriate of course he made
it political and most importantly
instead of talking about pride in
tradition and honor with a voice cast
which is what you're supposed to talk
about it was all about me me me me me me
me because I'm a little child right and
so look the health care wasn't the only
thing that he touched on Donald Trump
loves to criticize the media and so he
took advantage of this opportunity to do
that
again let's go to video 16:19 Boy Scout
Jamboree Wow and to address such a
tremendous group where you have a lot of
people here the press will say it's
about 200 people
it looks like about 45,000 people there
were 30,000 people but here's the thing
30,000 people didn't go there to see you
30,000 people went there cuz every four
years the Boy Scouts have this Jamboree
but he's just it's he's insufferable
it's not a campaign rally they are a
captive audience now some of them
obviously agree with you that's why they
chanted USA by the way not all of them a
lot of the as an opponent a lot of Boy
Scouts and their parents are bitterly
complaining that he turned it into a
political rally but did he like it was
it's not like there was gonna be zero
people and instead like Oh Trump is
coming in thirty thousand came instead
but he can't think about anyone but
himself if he's obsessed and also like
these are kids right these are kids and
the argument from the right over and
over again in regard to dismantling
public education is oh it's
indoctrinating our youth colleges are
indoctrinating our youth stop
indoctrinating our youth what are you
doing right now you're talking about all
of these political issues in a very
divisive way while you're addressing
young boys you're indoctrinating the
youth yeah and so they're 12 to 18 years
olds so if he thinks well these are my
voters well almost none of them could
have voted for him because they're too
young and I remember during the Obama
years Fox News would not stop talking
about if Obama ever went to school like
remember george w bush was at a school
when 9/11 happened he was holding the
book upside down like Fox News didn't
mind that at all Obama goes to the
school normal right they're like in dr.
day this guy goes through thirty
thousand twelve to eighteen year olds
and there's a political rally Fox News
where are you I don't hear anything
about indoctrination yeah no yeah go one
thing I wanted to add though yeah when
he was talking about getting rid of or
repealing the Affordable Care Act or
Obamacare and those kids were chanting
USA USA look I I hesitate to be critical
of them because they're kids and so it
just feels wrong but think about what
the Affordable Care Act meant for them
it meant that you can stay on your
parents health insurance plan until
you're 26 you want
that you were saying you were say okay
awesome let's get rid of that no it's
just I'm I'm fascinated by the ignorance
of some of these Trump supporters right
and when I say if you're in I know that
sounds insulting but ignorant just means
you don't know right doesn't mean you're
stupid it means you don't know you don't
know all the different ways the
Affordable Care Act actually helps you
and now I'm not saying it's perfect it's
actually deeply flawed it's something
that we talked about and criticized on
the show regularly but it's at least an
avenue in which we can build off of and
improve a system that is better than
what we had before
and so these kids you would sue USA okay
great let's take your health care away
you're in West Virginia let's take your
health care away let's see how you feel
about that yeah well actually another
part bothered me more he asked the crowd
like you know I'm they invite every
president coming he's like I didn't see
Obama here hi he never came did he ever
come and they're like no and then they
start booing Obama actually he did speak
to them in 2010 and actually Barack
Obama was a boy scout and Donald Trump
wasn't so this is what Donald Trump does
all the time he attacks John McCain hila
I prefer people who weren't captured hey
did you go to Vietnam no I didn't go to
Vietnam or your boy scout no well I was
a boy scout he did speak to them he
didn't make it political he didn't make
a jackass out of himself that's why you
didn't hear about it cuz he didn't go
and do insane things like this but the
kids are like ah boo so look I get it
their families are probably conservative
and yes there's if you're a 13 year old
in West Virginia or a 17 year old or in
any state although Millennials know a
lot more jersey knows a lot more than
older generations but yes maybe you
don't know or you're not caught up on
all the politics of it but it is this
heartening because I I was in I was a
Cub Scout and then I was a weblo okay I
don't know why they have that category
anyway and now I feel like maybe that
was a mistake
Nikes Trump made a political speech but
because that crowd that's the 30,000
people presumably from all across the
country that's their big Jamboree and
turns out Obama was a boy scout they
never really cared you know he's not one
of them
so then what is one of you guys right so
did I make a mistake that do we whether
Obama or me or anybody who joined the
Boy Scouts where you're just humoring us
and but in reality you don't care who's
a Boy Scout and who's not and you don't
care that Trump wasn't you like him but
you don't like Obama even though he did
all the right things and he was part of
you guys so then that makes me think
that's not really an organization I want
to send my kids to well yeah I mean and
this isn't the first time the Boy Scouts
have you know been covered in the media
somewhat negatively because I remember
four years ago or five years ago we were
covering how the Boy Scouts were
incredibly resistant to allowing you
know transgender kids to join and they
were also very transparent about their
disdain for the LGBT community and so
there were a lot of comparisons between
how liberal the Girl Scouts were and how
conservative the Boy Scouts were and so
you know I guess to some extent this
type of behavior doesn't really surprise
me that much but what does surprise me
and maybe it shouldn't moving forward is
just how how insanely disrespectful and
and terrible Donald Trump is even when
addressing kids and by the way he cursed
to oh my god imagine if Obama when he
spoke to the Boy Scouts said hell that
was his first line used hell now I don't
care it's not a big deal to me but
that's usually the kind of thing that if
Obama's like oh look at this you see
that yeah and no respect for the office
and then he went on to say oh I decided
I'm not going to call Washington swamp
anymore I'm gonna call it a cesspool or
sewer and he talked about the sewer he
talked about how he's gonna fire people
how people weren't loyal enough to him
I mean if Obama had done 1% of this the
country would have been on fire and the
Boy Scouts would have been enraged and
one last thing he talked about I'm gonna
bring Merry Christmas back okay you
people will be saying merry Christmas to
you now it's starting to feel like you
know Trump's youth get rally and the end
a cheer so what are we saying like so I
are we saying to non-christians like ya
know we're gonna make you say the thing
that Christians say so you Jews
there will make you say Merry Christmas
that this that's that's America let
alone people who don't believe how many
Muslims they love to conservatives just
say Merry Christmas and stop whining
about it no one cares if no one cares no
one cares I'm not religious okay you can
say Merry Christmas to me all day you
can say Merry Christmas to me on my
birthday in July I don't care cuz
conservatives make such a big deal about
this when in reality no one gives a shit
about you saying Merry Christmas the
thing that they can't stand is that
sometimes other people don't want to say
Merry Christmas right so if I'm not
religious maybe I want to say Happy
Holidays get off my dick I get to say
what I want to say you get to say what
you want to say it's frustrating and it
comes up every year just say Merry
Christmas and move on with your life I
don't care if you say Merry Christmas
and stop being like the Taliban if the
Muslims say you're not allowed to draw
the Prophet Mohammed I'm gonna say it
one more time no you're not allowed to
draw the Prophet Mohammed if you're a
Muslim I'm allowed to draw anything I
like is so oh you have to say Merry
Christmas
No if you're a Christian maybe you feel
like you have to say Merry Christmas I
don't have to say a fucking thing okay I
am NOT in your religion I don't have to
say the particular words in your
religion I don't have to do a bris I
don't have to not draw things I don't
have to do a fuck of the thing where
they dunk your head Merry Christmas it's
supposed to be a free country how
insecure are you about your religion if
you get up in arms over other people
refusing to say Merry Christmas like
think about how much of a weak pathetic
person you make yourself out to be when
you get offended by something that's
stupid it's just unbelievable to me but
anyway all right say Merry Christmas
move on with your life
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
Young Turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
