recently representative Blake Farenthold
from Texas was on a conservative radio
station talking about Susan Collins and
other Republicans who refused to vote in
favor of a Senate version of a
replacement plan for the Affordable Care
Act he made a statement that was
alarming and if you don't remember what
that statement was take a listen this is
the fact that the Senate does not have
the courage to do some of the things
that every Republican in the Senate
promised to do is just absolutely
repugnant to me I if the probably some
of the people that are opposed to this
they're some female senators from the
Northeast if it was a guy from South
Texas I might ask him to step outside
and settle this Aaron Burr style all
right so he's referring to shooting
someone for not voting in favor of the
Senate version of the replacement plan
and Susan Collins did hear about this
and during the end of a Senate
subcommittee hearing unfortunately or
fortunately her mic was hot she didn't
realize it was hot and she engaged in a
conversation with Jack Reed and here's
what happened during the conversation
it's both awesome no it's just awesome
take a listen
trust me you don't weight telling you to
do because you could beat the shit up
I know the Playboy bunny picture right
and so of course you hear senator
Collins mention it Wow her mic is hot
and you want to look it up and here's
what she was referring to uh how did
this happen how did anyone in his
personal life allow him to do this but
anyway okay he's having fun whatever
that was what she was referencing and
another component of that conversation
that I thought was very interesting is
that Jack Reed was also criticizing
Donald Trump pretty aggressively during
his conversation with Susan Collins and
he was comfortable doing so
and Senator Collins essentially agreed
with him so there is definitely some
dissent among some Republican senators
in regard to Donald Trump so let's break
it down one by one first unfair and home
look she did not say publicly if she had
said he's unbelievably attractive in
public unattractive
no one would make that mistake anyway
unbelievably unattractive in public you
can say hey that's not cool that's a
trumpian thing to do talking about
somebody's looks but she's just talking
to a colleague and presumably a friend
so look my rule is you say anything you
want to a friend and so that's not our
business is their business their private
conversation now they're senators and
happy to get public and I happen to love
it so oh and and look if I live in a
glass house and if somebody who didn't
like me and I was having an
off-the-record conversation about how
unbelievably unattractive I was well
that's their opinion man and that's
totally fine and I think that you get to
say that about someone private or public
by the way if they threaten to shoot you
so I mean one transgression is far worse
than the other so nothing but a complete
pardon and god bless their heart on that
now I think what Anna's pointing out
about the Trump conversation is more
relevant the farenthold stuffs fun
except for the fact that he's
threatening violence and he's our US
congressman Aaron
burr shot and killed Alexander Hamilton
in that duel so that reference should
not be taken lightly okay anyway
now on to the Trump thing Jack Reed's a
Democratic senator so when he says quote
I think I think he's crazy I mean I
don't say that lightly and as a kind of
a goofy guy it's like he's like I'm not
saying he's goofy crazy I think he's
like really critical like clinically
insane and Collins who's a Republican
senator says I'm worried we have a
Republican Syrian senator worried that
the president has lost his frickin mind
okay then he goes on she goes on to say
again Republican says I don't think he
knows there is a Budget Control Act or
anything so they were talking about my
god we got to do a budget next we got to
raise the debt ceiling we have all these
things that we had a tackle and the
Republican senator says I don't think he
knows what the bunch of control like
this I don't think he understands
anything about the budget so behind the
scenes at least some Republicans know
there's a madman in charge and he
doesn't know anything about the US
government nothing he's a man-child it's
not it's one thing to get a regular guy
as president it's another thing for a
guy who cares so little about the
American people that when his job is to
serve the American people he does not
bother to find out how the budget works
okay
so first let me say that Senator Collins
has in a way stood up to Donald Trump
very publicly in refusing to vote in
favor of the Senate version of you know
the replacement plan for the Affordable
Care Act so I give her a tremendous
amount of credit in that regard but what
I would like to see is you know members
of Congress our senators actually
playing the role that they're supposed
to play in the system of checks and
balances instead of playing party
politics and just publicly supporting a
president that you know is actually very
damaging to the country come out and be
part of that system of checks and
balances you know speak out against what
he's doing I don't think there's
anything wrong with that and I get it
Donald Trump threatens them sometimes
they're veiled threats sometimes they're
very transparent and open
but regardless of that they are supposed
to be the individuals who represent
their constituents and the best
interests of the voters and
unfortunately we're not seeing real
leadership by members of Congress we're
not seeing real leadership by a lot of
senators you know from the Republican
side speak out it doesn't have to be
behind closed doors if you're genuinely
concerned because you don't think the
president understands how government
works or how these policies work you
should speak out about it because guess
what he's not gonna be president forever
right so moving forward you want to make
sure that your voters are equipped with
the necessary information to make a
smart decision whether he is clinically
insane he is so unbelievably stupid that
he doesn't know that the US government
has a budget she is worried that he
doesn't okay or that he is so
indifferent as to not figure out how the
budget process works when he's the
president of the United States under any
of those circumstances you've got a duty
to the American people to raise your
hand as Anna saying go I'm worried
because you're saying it behind closed
doors I'm worried about the president I
don't think he has any idea what's going
on and we're all in a lot of trouble if
the president doesn't know what the
budget is what does he know so he knows
that fire people yeah look it doesn't
really matter what any of those options
are and I actually think it's two out of
the three I don't think he's crazy I
think he is monstrously stupid his
stupidity is way underrated and no but
most importantly couldn't care less wait
do I make money from the budget oh no
that's what the American people I don't
care let's talk about the things I make
money from so it's all about me me me me
me and and so that is a dangerous thing
for the president to think yes elbows
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
