Donald Trump cannot stop talking
negatively about his Attorney General
Jeff Sessions now it all started with
the New York Times interview where he
was clear and transparent about the fact
that he wouldn't have worked with Jeff
sessions if he knew that he was going to
recuse himself in regard to the
investigation into Russian collusion and
now he put out a statement during a
press conference so we have that and
then later on I'll tell you what he told
The Wall Street Journal about sessions
it just keeps going on and on take a
look I am disappointed in the Attorney
General he should not have recused
himself almost immediately after he took
office and if he was going to recuse
himself he should have told me prior to
taking office and I would have quite
simply picked somebody else so I think
that's a bad thing not for the president
but for the presidency I think it's
unfair to the presidency
I want the Attorney General to be much
tougher on the leaks from intelligence
agencies which are leaking like rarely
have they ever leaked before at a very
important level I told you before I'm
very disappointed with the Attorney
General but we will see what happens
time will tell time will tell
keep in mind that Jeff Sessions has not
said anything in response to these
statements at least not yet
when he was questioned about this days
ago he said and I love my job I'm gonna
stay right where I'm at but it might not
be up to you Jeff Sessions it seems like
Trump is kind of building a case against
you and he's also making it incredibly
clear that he's guilty of something not
Jeff Sessions but Donald Trump yeah so
look we'll get into all the details in a
sec but this is on precedent I've never
seen anything like this in my life I've
been covering politics for over 20 years
now and a president coming out and
saying that his own attorney general is
beleaguered that's what was a day ago
and that was shocking now it's gotten
way WAY worse can you imagine Obama or
even george w bush or george HW bush or
reagan coming and going my goddamn
attorney general can you believe him
what that's saying that he is troubled
by him he's week in and he's considering
firing him unprecedented unheard of he's
not Obama or Hillary Clinton's attorney
your attorney general and this guy's
constantly demanding loyalty like a
mafia boss right exactly right and and
but the thing is Jeff Sessions was loyal
to him he was one of the first senators
to endorse Donald Trump when nobody else
was doing it he stuck his neck out for
Donald Trump you think Trump cares
there's only one thing Donald Trump
cares about himself the the mistake that
sessions is making is that he is
treating this administration as if it's
like any other administration from the
past this is not this is an
unprecedented administration and so you
know Jeff Sessions recusing himself was
the right thing to do considering the
fact that he had those meetings with
Russian ambassador with the Russian
ambassador and he didn't disclose it
during his confirmation hearings he did
the right thing
in that case but Trump doesn't care
about whether or not you do the right
thing Trump cares about whether or not
you are looking out for him his best
interests and covering up his lies and
possible collusion and so yes yeah just
one more thing guys the Republicans are
making a mistake of thinking that Donald
Trump didn't do a deal with the Russians
so because so sessions thinks what's the
big deal i recused myself because
otherwise I'd be in a lot of trouble for
an obvious conflict of interest when I
did meet with the Russians so I
shouldn't be involved in this case well
the big deal Jeff is that your boss did
a corrupt deal with the Russians and so
he wanted you to cover it up
and so that's what you're not getting so
and I look I'm not one to be overly
considerate of the Republicans since and
have a lot of positive views of them but
I actually think that a lot of them are
genuinely think that oh I don't
understand why Trump's so upset what's
the big deal why don't they he doesn't
know why don't we just do their
investigation and do normal things like
recuse ourselves we have a company
because he did EU
he did it and he knows it now the whole
country knows that look at this why in
the world would he attack Jeff Sessions
that he has no other beef with but he
just told you some tape go back and
rewind it he said why did he recuse
himself why do you care that if you
didn't do anything wrong in Russia why
do you care that you're Attorney General
is it part of the decision-making on
who's investigating you if you said to
me Jake there's an investigation of what
you did in Indonesia but all right have
at it Hoss I've been doing it in
Indonesia and and if Ana said why no j2o
we chose to show I'm gonna recuse myself
like that's fine why why would I care I
wouldn't go if I said all of a sudden
out of nowhere why did he enter accuse
herself from that investigation I need
her in that investigation I need order
what'd you say wait a minute
right and especially if you wouldn't
drop it like if this is now how many
times is he release negative statements
about Jeff Sessions it's multiple
multiple times multiple different
outlets so first time was with the New
York Times of course that caused a
splash in the headlines then he
proceeded to tweet I'll get those tweets
for you in just a second then there was
this press conference and then there was
an interview that he did with the Wall
Street Journal and I think this is
extremely telling so Jeff Sessions as
Jake mentioned has been very loyal to
Donald Trump in fact he was one of the
first officials to come out in support
of Donald Trump and endorse him and so
Donald Trump was asked about that by a
reporter from The Wall Street Journal
and here's what his answer to that is
when they say he endorsed me I went to
Alabama
I had 40,000 people he was a senator
from Alabama I won the state by a lot
massive numbers a lot of the states I
won by massive numbers but he was a
senator he looks at 40,000 people and he
probably says what do I have to lose and
he endorsed me so it's not like a great
loyal thing about the endorsement but
I'm very disappointed in Jeff Sessions
so it you are loyal to Donald Trump at
your peril look at what he did to Chris
Christie humiliated him and threw him
away Rudy Giuliani oh I thank you for
supporting me wonderful Rudy I've known
him for all these years
garbage-can Newt Gingrich all stuck his
neck out
supported him with the Republican
establishment garbage can okay so now
jeff Sessions I think he was the first
senator to come out and support Donald
Trump who cares I've you have no use
left for me okay I have no use for you
all I do is use people up now those of
you who are loyal voters and supporters
of him do you think he's gonna repay
that loyalty after what he just did the
Jeff Sessions and all those other guys
no he never cared about Jeff Sessions he
never cared about any of you all he
cares about is himself and he doesn't
look at Jeff Sessions a in my opinion a
bad guy in a hundred other ways hey so
we talked about how he wants to go after
pond and and and all the the racial
things in the past etc so I'm not a fan
of Jeff Sessions but was he loyal to
Donald Trump absolutely he risked his
career for Donald Trump and now it is
Donald Trump to him hey listen man the
whole point of hiring you was to cover
up my criminal activities if you're not
going to commit crimes for me I have no
use for you anymore then you're not
sufficiently loyal so let's get to
Trump's tweets which he put out into the
universe at 3:00 in the morning today
the guys got look at 303 a.m. what are
you doing no use this guy he doesn't get
any sleep he's lost his mind
this guy's a lunatic Harry go ahead
alright so he tweets out Ukrainian
efforts to sabotage Trump campaign
quietly working to boost Clinton so
where is the investigation Attorney
General okay first of all there's so
many things and then of course he
includes sean hannity in that tweet
essentially playing the role of
executive producer of sean hannity show
and tipping him off to that tweet and to
a potential topic i guess that he could
talk about it okay hold one for one more
saying who the hell's hillary clinton
yeah
which position does she hold or was she
ever hold
she's totally irrelevant i mean partly
thanks to you she's in the dustbin of
history why are we talking about hillary
clinton about the ukrainian effort to
boost what are you talking about she's
in Chaffetz that he ran away from
Congress so we wouldn't have to deal
with Trump investigating Trump
he was in charge in the house of having
the investigated Trump he knows Trump is
crooked so he literally quit his job so
you wouldn't have to investigate Trump
and then lose himself some Republican
voters who love Trump no matter how
corrupt he's goes out Fox and Friends
and yesterday talking about how well we
should investigate Chelsea Clinton and
maybe we should investigate Jimmy
Carter's brother and you know and these
people don't have government positions
to investigate Hillary Clinton it's such
an obvious distraction yeah did it he
did it he did it he's telling you he did
it it's like it's a very weak attempt at
a distraction and if anything it's
another you know red flag indicating
that there was wrongdoing on Trump's
behalf and he's doing everything he can
to you know try to manipulate the
conversation and the narrative he also
tweeted that Attorney General Jeff
Sessions has taken a very weak position
on Hillary Clinton crumbs where our
emails in DNC server and Intel leakers
it's just it's interesting because if
you can remember when Trump was
campaigning lock her up was one of the
chants at the RNC and then he gets
elected and he's like yeah I'm gonna
leave Hillary Clinton alone let let her
be let her be okay so do you want to let
her be or do you want to investigate her
and besides which investigating her
makes absolutely no sense in this
context you are the president you are
the one who's accused of wrongdoing you
are the person who should be
investigated well to be fair I really
want to get back into Grover Cleveland
and James polkas administrations I mean
was he really James Polk - darkhorse I
don't know and Stewart's folly it's but
it's got folly in the title why are we
investigating that I think we should go
back and figure out exactly what John
Quincy Adams did and finally yesterday
Trump had tweeted that sessions was
leaguers in his role as Attorney General
so he's making it pretty clear that he's
paving the way for sessions to get fired
and there were officials within the
White House who spoke to the press and
indicated that Trump had asked you know
what happens if I fire Jeff Sessions and
someone advised him hmm
you might want to save that bullet for
Robert Mueller oh great yeah by the way
he also went after McCabe let me give
you one last tweet from in the middle of
the night problem
that acting head of the FBI and the
person in charge of the Hillary
investigation Andrew McCabe got $700,000
from Hillary for wife now gee I wonder
why he's going after everyone who's in
law enforcement he's going after the
Attorney General the head of the FBI and
the special prosecutor and by the way
also the Deputy Attorney General rod
roses tea okay so I thought you were for
law and order
I thought you were for rule of law I
thought you were for the cops we're
gonna get so tough on him we're gonna be
so tough on him right
oh when they actually are investigating
your criminal activities all of a sudden
you hate the FBI you hate the Justice
Department you hate all this oh they
weren't loyal to me they should have
been loyal to me you go after the other
guys you cover up my crimes are you
really this dense now and you still
think he didn't do it
have you ever seen a guy is this much
panic over being investigated help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
/join
