one of the main reasons why the US
government spends so much money on
defense is because of the fact that
private manufacturers and private
companies get contracts that are
extremely expensive when in reality we
could just be supplying certain things
without having to deal with these
contracts well here is a specific
example of government waste waste it
money that comes from US taxpayers that
goes toward nonsense in the Middle East
specifically so the Pentagon is now
having to answer to this what I consider
scandal involving uniforms that were
purchased for Afghan soldiers okay so
I'm going to show you this report and
then I'm gonna give you more details
into what really happened take a look
the Pentagon has apparently spent 28
million dollars on forest camouflage
Afghanistan military uniforms rather
than give them other patterns that costs
nothing USA Today says the forest
pattern is privately owned whereas other
camouflage schemes owned by the US
government are free a 17 page report
noted that forests cover only 2.1
percent of Afghanistan's total land area
making the woodland camo highly
ineffective in most scenarios not only
do they spend more money than they
needed to on these uniforms for these
Afghan soldiers they purchased uniforms
that aren't even effective that wouldn't
actually camouflage them because they're
not fighting in the forest they're
fighting in desert terrain twenty-eight
million dollars at a minimum for
purchasing those specific uniforms God
just threw 28 million dollars in the
garbage but you know we waste a lot of
money on public education and health
care and entitlements right yeah well
that's where we really need to focus you
want to look for waste look at the
Pentagon they they throw 28 million
dollars in the garbage before you know
what hit you so those camouflage
uniforms will actually do the opposite
if you're in desert terrain and you're
wearing those bright green outfits
you're gonna stick out like a sore thumb
it's gonna get people killed on top of
the money that you wasted and this this
is the most infuriating part was a
no-bid contract why we've been in the
middle of afghanistan for what like 60
years then where's the emergency
remember when Dick Cheney first told us
oh no we got to do no big contracts
because I hate capitalism I mean I love
capitalism but I just want to give
contracts to my friends right without
any competition so because they they
said it's an emergency it's an emergency
you gotta act right away so this is a 16
year emergency there's no emergency here
for how to get buy more uniforms in
Afghanistan you just wanted to make
somebody you know rich I don't know who
did it and what and how they benefited
from that company but somebody
definitely benefited in an outrageous
way here think about it the US
government could have supplied those
uniforms and it would have costed us
nothing but instead they chose to spend
or waste 28 million dollars on
ineffective camo gear that makes
absolutely no sense whatsoever and by
the way that's the latest yes since 2007
we spent 93 million dollars on 1.3
million uniforms for just Afghan
soldiers simply by using a camouflage
pattern own but not currently used by
the US military we could have saved
taxpayers 71 million dollars 71 million
in the garbage but no we don't have
money for education we don't have money
for health care because we had to buy
the wrong uniform so somebody can get
rich over here in the US you guys we
fall for it time and time again I mean
it's amazing their master manipulators
in Congress the executive branch their
master manipulators because they
convinced us to focus on fighting each
other while the people at the top are
giving out these lucrative contracts to
their wealthy buddies right that's where
our taxpayer money is being wasted it's
not being wasted on entitlements which
by the way we funded we paid into every
time I look at my paycheck I see how
much of that goes toward Medicare how
much of that goes toward you know Social
Security all of these programs that
again we're paying into so don't let
them point net point at us and make it
seem as though we're the bad guys
because we actually want to get the
benefits that we paid into those are not
the the issues here the issue is the
real waste happening with the Pentagon
with military spending with defense
spending it's all BS and don't make them
convince you that it's all in the name
of national security when Bernie Sanders
is running they told them no no your
plan of
seventy billion dollars for free college
education so that people can live the
American dream so that middle class kids
could have the same chance as rich kids
now unaffordable no way can't do it do
you know how much we've spent the train
and equip Afghan security forces sixty
six billion dollars and how's that
working out for us so now defense
secretary James Madison oh we have to
send thousands of more American troops
says the Afghan troops can't fight on
their own after we wasted sixty six
billion dollars then they tell us
there's no money for your kids education
or health care it's gross help us build
the independent media together come join
us
TYT Network comm slash join
