so president Trump is promising
middle-class tax cut he did this after a
rally in Nevada The Washington Post says
the following after his campaign rally
in this northeastern Nevada town Trump
talked up the new round of tax cuts but
did not go into specifics
he said the cuts would be done sometime
just prior I would say to November we
are going to be putting in and are
studying very deeply right now around
the clock major tax cut for
middle-income people
Trump said shortly before his departure
back to Washington not for business at
all for middle-income people this
despite the fact that Congress is out of
session until after the November sixth
midterm elections so basically what that
means is Donald Trump just you know
casually was talking about oh yeah
definitely gonna do another tax cut
before November but there at Congress is
out so that's impossible you can't do
that so in other words he just made it
up and he's caught red-handed but that
won't change any of his rabid supporters
from still saying he's right somehow
even though that makes no sense
Trump this is the second time he said
that he was gonna do things that he
can't really do without Congress things
that he said he would accomplish prior
to the midterm elections the other thing
which we'll talk about later in the show
has to do with foreign aid to Honduras
and Guatemala he says he's gonna cut off
aid to those countries because of this
whole caravan situation caravan of
migrants trying to cross over into the
United States I think especially when it
comes to this tax proposal that he's
randomly and casually making he realizes
that the tax law that they did pass is
extremely unpopular it's very clear that
they were really just tax cuts for the
wealthy tax cuts for corporations and
the middle class hasn't really benefited
from it so much so that GOP candidates
have now abandoned bragging about those
tax cuts while they campaign because
they realize how incredibly unpopular it
is so I think Trump is just trying to
garner some support by saying no no
don't worry guys I got you I'm gonna cut
your taxes before the midterms I don't
know how he plans on doing that but one
other thing that I do want to mention is
if you look at polling the majority of
Americans including a slight majority
with Republicans
would agree to increasing their taxes to
get universal health care yeah so I
think he's wrong in thinking that all
Americans really want is more tax cuts
so I have a really interesting fact
about that
apparently 61% of Americans say that his
tax bill was for the rich and
corporations so honestly it doesn't
matter they've been trying to brand this
from day one and they keep pounding the
pavement and saying oh no this is a tax
cut for regular people this isn't a tax
cut for the rich it's not working even
though they're repeating it over and
over and over over it's not working and
in fact the tax bill had already passed
it raises taxes on everybody that makes
$75,000 a year or less over a decade so
it's not working because we see what's
happening wages are falling unemployment
is going down so he likes to tout that
over and over let go unemployment slow
but wages are falling too so talking
about unemployment is not the best
economic indicator so many things say
first on that poll there's two other fun
facts about it so the margin what was
the margin okay sixty one percent well
but what percentage thought no it's also
for the middle class only 30 so it's 61
to 30 that's a two-to-one margin that's
an absolute disaster but wait I made
fake news who did the poll was one of
those media organizations it was a
Republican National Committee okay that
is why all the Republicans stopped
running ads on the tax breaks because
they were killing themselves so they
were the memo went out to all
Republicans stopped ads on the tax cuts
because all it's doing is costing you
the election it's deeply unpopular now
let's go to point number 2 which is
Donald Trump being such a knucklehead
number one is calm pointed out Congress
is not a session what he's suggesting is
an impossibility and normally takes 7
weeks it took 7 weeks last time to pass
a bill there's only 11 days left in
November there's only two weeks left
before the election obviously impossible
okay but number two look at what he
admitted he said this time not for
business at all for middle income people
thereby admitting last time it was for
business not for middle income
such an idiot okay I'm glad he's stupid
because it helps our cause because he
accidentally reveals who he is I mean
when I asked our Carlson about his
pathological lies during our debate on
political on last night dr. Carlson said
basically well he is who he is that
means basically he's not that bright and
he doesn't know that he's not supposed
to say and last time was for businesses
and and of course the implicit part of
that is the businesses that help me okay
and that he's raised over 100 million
dollars already for his non-existent
20/20 election okay all from those same
business interests the middle class was
just an afterthought for them so I got
numbers on how bad it is in a second did
you want to say something yeah I just
wanted to make a quick comment before
Tucker made that point about Trump lying
he did laughs maniacally which was very
convincing
yeah it made a great point there and let
me also say real quick I actually would
support middle-class tax cuts but the
reality is they don't want middle-class
tax cuts they saves middle-class tax
cuts and then they cut it for the rich
and to give a few examples of that in
the original bill the corporate tax rate
went from 35 percent to 21 percent and
they raised the line for the estate tax
up to ten million dollars so it was only
applying to like you know the point oh
one percent and they said why not make
that the point oh oh oh one percent
mm-hmm yeah that and then my favorite
was in one of I think it was Kevin Brady
but it might have been another
Republican politician who said no no the
estate tax is not necessarily for the
rich people of estates over five million
dollars that's why they call it the
death tax because they're trying to spin
the PR machine to get people to think oh
my god it's gonna affect me cuz I'm
gonna die I don't know if it's just like
a as usual a brazen lie or if they
really think like oh I mean five million
dollars in my club is middle class right
yeah so now let me give you numbers on
how much people save okay so in tax cut
1.0 the one that already passed if
you're in the top 1% and there's
different numbers for that seven hundred
thirty thousand a year or eight hundred
thirty seven thousand a year in that
ballpark you're gonna save sixty one
thousand ninety dollars okay if if and
then
they in 2027 what little or 2025 in
realistically what little tax cuts the
middle class did get get wiped out yep
but for the rich permanent 75% get to
keep their tax cuts forever so now wait
you say for budgetary reasons they say
we had two sons they call it sunsetting
wait the sunset the tax cuts for the
middle class well then why didn't you
have to sunset the taxes for the rich I
mean that causes even more money
oh but no those are our donors and our
friends of course we're not gonna end
those so now they're coming back around
and saying well yeah I mean yeah sure we
met the middle class too right now that
it's unpopular about we're about to lose
the election we also meant the middle
class okay so a great analysis to find
out okay tax cuts 2.0 this is already
passed by the house okay so Senate's not
gonna come back and pass it the
Republicans in the House all voted for
this we're almost all that if you make
under twenty eight thousand six hundred
dollars so you know poor to middle class
you're gonna get about 100 bucks
so it's in the middle class tax cuts you
would actually get $100 if you make
under that dollars for the full year for
the whole year 101 okay all right and
it's actually worse than that because I
remember there was a great article on
the intercept right after Trump was
elected in his first week in office he
got rid of a middle class mortgage tax
deduction which effectively raised taxes
on the middle class so they never meant
it about you ever ever ever ever ever
don't let them get away with the lies
and by the way this is why the media's
the mainstream media is so objectively
terrible and why you have to come the
new media to get the truth because they
won't tell you that they'll say they'll
give you the both sides tap-dance and
they'll say well you know the
Republicans say they're cutting it for
the middle class but they're not
actually doing that so you know report
do your job and here look I'll give you
the real numbers in the new tax cuts
luckily again they have not been passed
and we might list agree a little bit on
whether I am in favor of a tax cut for
the middle class if you make between
fifty four thousand and ninety five
thousand dollars in in the ones that are
proposed you would actually get a nine
hundred and eighty dollar tax cut now
I'm opposed to that because I think it's
basically just
bribery of the real Americans they say
give it away stuff it's Christmas right
and this is what they accuse Democrats
of all the time Obama phones and he's
giving away stuff to minorities this is
a giveaway in another sort it's just a -
but it destroys the deficit etc that's
my conservative fiscal side from from
back in the day but 980 dollars to be
fair okay the top 1% would get another
forty thousand one hundred and eighty
dollars on top of the sixty one thousand
dollars that's right getting with tax
cut 1.0 so at the end of the day if
you're poor to middle-class you get
about a hundred bucks combine from the
two you get about thousand bucks if
you're middle class and if you're rich
you get a hundred thousand dollars okay
and then Trump says oh the new ones for
the middle class now why are you giving
forty thousand the slits not 1% again in
that proposal so even that's not true
they can't help themselves they love
redistribution of wealth they love to
take it from you and give it to the top
one percent like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from The Young Turks
