hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt Nord
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt this morning we learned what
was in the contents of a mysterious
letter that Dianne Feinstein has
apparently had in her possession for
some time and was refusing up until
recently to share with other Senate
Democrats during the nomination process
for Brett Kavanaugh we're finding this
out thanks to Ron and fair Farrow and
Jane Mayer who traced the story of a
woman who saw Brett Kavanaugh being
nominated and wanted her story to be
told the woman who has asked not to be
identified and we don't know who it is
first approached Democratic lawmakers
back in July of this year shortly after
Trump nominated Cavanaugh the allegation
dates back to the early 1980s when
Cavanaugh was a high school student at
Georgetown Preparatory School in
Bethesda Maryland and the woman attended
a nearby high school in the letter the
woman alleged that during an encounter
at a party Cavanaugh held her down and
that he attempted to force himself on
her
she claimed in the letter that Cavanaugh
and a classmate of his both of whom had
been drinking turned up music that was
playing in the room to conceal the sound
of her protests and the Cavanaugh
covered her mouth with his hand she was
able to free herself and although the
alleged incident took place decades ago
and the three individuals involved were
minors at the time the woman said that
the memory has been a source of ongoing
distress for her and that she had sought
psychological treatment as a result in
response to this coming out Brett
Kavanaugh put out a statement saying I
categorically and unequivocally deny
this allegation I did not do this back
in high school or at any time Wow
so yesterday we knew that this story was
coming out but we did not have the
details yet and now we do and at the
time I said it's got to be a pretty high
bar to go back to high school well
that's that's they might have met that
bar so
the part that got to me among all the
terrible parts was the cover in her
mouth
the music yeah yeah so and so this isn't
just should be super clear this is not a
joke this is not sexual harassment this
is an allegation of alleged sexual
assault possibly that could have gone to
the point of rape yeah so there's a
gradations as some people don't like to
talk about gradations but I think they
are relevant especially in this context
meaning that if he was made
inappropriate sexual jokes or comments
back in high school no way that you
can't go back 35 years and hold someone
to account for comments they made back
in high school but the closer you get to
sexual assault the bigger the problem is
and this obviously appears to be very
very close now there's other issues you
know how reliable is it
there was this she says now that's not
true for me questioning her I don't see
any reason why she would come forward if
it wasn't true I know that now the
Republicans are in a state of paranoia
and conspiracy about everything so they
probably think oh yeah the Democrats
invented it like they did with the
people who died in Puerto Rico and etc
so there's no end to those conspiracies
of paranoia Sean Hannity was tweeting
out today yeah out of course of course
right but she seems to have come forward
and in fact the Democrats for a long
time at least Feinstein did not bring it
to public attention but there's an
another person in the room she says it
was Kavanagh and his and another
classmate that classmate says something
that was really interesting Cavanaugh
says I deny categorically unequivocally
it did not happen right the classmate
said quote I have no recollection of
that that's usually what you say when
you say if you don't have the evidence I
don't recall it later if you do have the
evidence I do recall it that is not an
unequivocal denial just I'm telling you
from my experience and lawyerly
responses I have no recollection usually
means I did do it but I don't think you
have the evidence yet so but man it's
tough so what do you what do you guys
think well it is tough because there's
still a lot of detail missing like we
have
information about the alleged sexual
assault and it's serious but I think
it's also important look I this is aside
from politics like take politics out of
it just focus on the topic at hand right
so make make it seem as though this is
like an a political situation if it
comes to anyone who's about to get a new
job an opportunity of a lifetime I would
want to make sure that those claims that
have been made against that person are
verified right in some way and so I do
think it's important for this to be
investigated to verify it to confirm it
and then a decision should be made I
think it makes all the sense in the
world given the seriousness of these
allegations to pause and delay this
confirmation Republicans are pushing to
go forward with the vote on September
20th and I don't think that should
happen I think that there should be an
investigation because this is ASA and
I'm not saying that I automatically know
he's done he's out we shouldn't even
consider it I'm saying that we need to
look into it further and then make a
decision based on the outcome of an
investigation but if it's confirmed this
is serious I don't care if it was in
high school I don't care how long ago it
was he allegedly held a woman down and
then tried to quiet her so no one would
hear her you know protesting or yelling
to make him stop and they turn the music
up I mean if this is proven then it's a
serious allegation but banana I think
age is relevant and so let's have that
nobody comes to this well look what if
he was 12 you see what I'm saying like
so my and in part the reason I bring
that up is even in legal issues after if
you're convicted as a minor and
obviously there's no conviction here
there were no charges brought it at a
time you don't serve as long as an adult
because they think that you're you don't
have the quite the the same your brain
hasn't developed enough I got 12 yeah no
but even at 17 they would not hold you
to the same account we're black well
that a lot of 17 year-olds face adult
charges even if they've come
the crime at sixteen or seventeen so for
me I think if you're in high school your
brain is developed enough to know that
you can't rape is wrong and also this is
not just you know how much time will you
serve or can you get any job this is can
you get into a lifetime appointment to
one of the most powerful positions
anywhere in the world specifically when
we are having a national discussion
about what your presence on that core
would represent for women's autonomy of
their bodies yes and you apparently if
these allegations are true have a
lifetime track record of believing that
women's bodies are up to you to decide
what happens to them not the women and
so we already had all of these concerns
this is not some convenience store job
or something this is a guy who wants to
have the power of life and death over
other people I think we should have the
highest level of scrutiny possible for
that so I just but I want to be clear
about a bunch of things here number one
Anna you don't care if he is 17 it's
still wrong everyone agrees to that
hundred percent so if it's a 17 year old
did it now it'd still be sexual assault
and we'd have a trial if it went to the
authorities right so the question is you
know can you prove it enough which you
mentioned earlier and are we gonna hold
someone to account for what they did
allegedly seven when they were 17 now
that they're 53 is that a lifetime of
you know not caring about women or is
that if it's true one terrible terrible
incident he did in seventeen and I don't
want you to misunderstand what I'm
saying by a 12 he wasn't 12 I'm not
saying he was 12 I'm saying that there
is a line somewhere and what we're
trying to do here is have I hope a
interesting conversation about where is
the line yeah I want to be clear about
one other thing um there are certain
people who do get the benefit of the
doubt if they do commit a crime early in
their lives if they are 12 or 11
whatever it is if they're you know in
middle school and they commit a serious
crime there's a certain group of people
who will get the better to the doubt
they can change it's okay and then
there's another group of people who will
have that hanging over their heads for
the rest of their lives if they do
anything even remotely wrong following
that as an adult you know that people
will go into their backgrounds and their
records and look at what they did as
children even though they were
shouldered when I did when they did it
those are usually the people of lower
socioeconomic statuses right usually
minorities and so I look for me it's not
a question about you know whether he was
too young to be held accountable I think
when it comes to the Supreme Court
that's not any job that is one of the
most serious jobs that is yeah one of
the most serious jobs in the country and
as John perfectly mentioned he's gonna
make decisions that affect the lives of
every woman in the country so I think
that we should hold him to a higher
standard and I'm not saying that we
automatically believe the allegations
I'm saying we should investigate it and
figure out if we can get to the truth
guys just say really fast well obviously
we're having a discussion about what
these standards should be and you might
think that with what the Republicans
have said in response and we'll get into
that a little bit that they're making
clear with their standard is but weird
he knew what their standard was like a
year ago with Al Franken they made clear
that if you have groped a person you
cannot be even a senator which is that a
lifetime appointment not as powerful as
a Supreme Court justice so they are
clear on the record that this sort of
allegation is dismissive you do not get
to have a position like that if this is
true I can't believe I'm about sins but
to be fair to Republicans if Al Franken
was not accused of groping someone in
high school mm-hmm so again you might
think it's not relevant what his ages
but I think it's fair to have that
discussion how do you think they would
have responded if it had been in high
school and Al Franken did when he said I
don't know we know how they responded
when it came to Roy Moore yeah you know
that's what though that's the
heartbreaking thing about this is every
time we see how Republicans respond to
stuff like this
whether it's like you know sexual
assault whether it's it's allegations of
pedophilia whether it's adultery which
they you know holds as this insane
standard it's always the same result
they all vote along party lines every
time every single one of them and
personally even with this coming out I
don't see any change there's you know
there's been how many things there's
been the the perjury there's been the
you know allegations of money laundering
or bribery there's this you know sexual
assault allegation like does this make a
difference to people who only vote on
the basis that
no matter what happens the other side
would be worse yeah look one more thing
I in every story like this and we've
talked about it a hundred times on the
show I try to think what if the shoe is
on the other foot and I gotta be honest
with you guys if it was let's say an
african-american judge that was up for
the Supreme Court and the Republicans
dug up something that he did in high
school and I man what what you marry in
this hypothetical what did he do no shoe
on the other foot if he if they charged
you with it I think there's certain acts
sexual assault a terrible assault or
murder I mean those are the sorts of
things that I think you should be able
to be disqualified some certain things
first your life attempted rape
I mean it looks like it's like let's
stop using euphemisms right like he I
don't know based on the details we have
there's no confirmation that he actually
went through with the rape but based on
what we know it's attempted rape
allegedly attempted rape it's serious if
this is not just oh he said something oh
the girl was asleep so she took it he
took a degrading photo like pretending
like he was gonna grope her it's not
that he attempted to rape her so I think
that it is a high standard and Jake I
get it like if the shoe was on the other
foot I think that it's fair to say that
we would probably have some level of
paranoia that it's some sort of
political stunt right so I don't really
be grudge Republicans for feeling that
way I'm gonna be honest about that I
think that we would probably feel the
same way as well at least I would but
with that said I would still want an
investigation to ensure that you know
these allegations are not true that way
we don't confirm a Supreme Court justice
who could really have a negative impact
well he's gonna have a negative impact
on women's lives but I would at least
want to know that he hasn't done this
that he has an attempted to rape someone
I think it's also worth noting that when
stuff like this comes out because this
just became public it's often not the
only case so we may see more people come
forward we may see this story developed
even further than just should we
investigate this one case yeah it's not
over and you're absolutely right we
shouldn't you know they're Senate
shouldn't vote on September 20th they
should wait and
see what this is about and I would also
mention that the way the Republicans
want this to play out any time something
like this happens is begin attacking the
credibility of the woman who you assumed
was probably lying to begin with and
look at this great family man here's the
thing I don't know anything about this
woman it could turn out that she's lying
I have no reason to believe that but I
know that Brett Kavanaugh has committed
perjury multiple times during these
hearings already he's done it in past
hearings as well he isn't on the record
perpetual liar and so I'm inclined to
believe any random person more than
Brett Kavanaugh at this point again it
doesn't mean that the allegations are
true but it certainly merits
investigation there's no reason why we
need to rush into giving someone a
30-plus year appointment on the most
powerful court on the planet thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com /join
