president Trump is desperately looking
for allies and people to cover his ass
and Boyd have we got the guy for him
it's Mike Pence his vice president now
I'll tell you why I think Pence is doing
this in a second but first Trump tweeted
very recently it's very sad that
Republicans even some that were carried
over the line on my back do very little
to protect their president now that's
preposterous the job of congressmen are
not to protect the president especially
if they wind up colluding with Russia
that is not their job but he's like what
what aren't I am the mafia boss here
your jobs for these Capo's is to protect
me right yeah but hey Mike right Mike oh
yo Yoshi boys boss so he wrote a giant
op-ed about it before we get to that I
want to show you who Mike Pence is you
know it's the greatest privilege of my
life to serve as vice president to a
president who cares so deeply about the
integrity of America's elections and the
right of each and every American Oh
furthermore Mike Pence was with Donald
Trump last week when Trump would every
once in a while turn him and go right
bike mm-hmm
no no let's just take a look for
ourselves here it is so this is Jared
Jackson special and focusing in on Mike
Pence as Donald Trump is talking and oh
yeah that's right okay that's right mr.
president I'm right here next to you big
guy hmm can I get an amen
okay we're gazing we're gazing give me a
give me a couple more nods though Mike
I'm gonna need more not nuts and I've
been saying that Mike a big deal of a
for a long time look oh okay okay that's
right who was this diamondden lace for
something the the two african-american
women who were supporting troubles
mm-hmm as for Mike Pence's right now so
if you're wondering why he's doing it so
that when he becomes president he could
turn around go trap voters I had your
guys back the whole time
he says what she's seeing trouble for
one person after another under a bus
such as you didn't support me it up your
job was to cover up my crimes you don't
do that well enough I'm thinking of
getting rid of you meanwhile Mike's
looking around like wait hold up now so
he writes this op-ed on Fox News huh
interesting he says in the first six
months of this administration President
Donald Trump has fought every day to
deliver on his promises to the American
people at a historic pace this president
is taking bold action to restore
prosperity keep Americans safe and
secure and hold government accountable
wait is this the same president we're
seeing on TV and to tweet all sorts of
nonsensical things oh you didn't mention
that part okay I don't see how he did
any of that but I look by the way he is
his vice president I get it so he says
President Trump has signed more than 40
bills and nearly 40 executive orders on
everything from health care to energy
infrastructure and more but look guys
normal vice presidents don't randomly
come out and write op-eds about do you
know how great my president is like if
they're trying to pass legislation and
they want to help in that cause
sometimes Obama would send Biden to go
talk to the Senators because he used to
be in the Senate that's a very logical
role for the vice president random
fluffer on Fox News is not an
appropriate rule role for the vice
president and out of nowhere
why because trumpet are on the run like
they're about to get resolved but he's
out but it'd be my buddy and Mike's like
well this helps me in a couple of
different ways I'll be your buddy
and so the fluffing continues as the
father of a United States Marine
I couldn't be more proud to serve
alongside a president who cares so
deeply about the men and women of the
armed forces of the United States of
America by the way in putting together
his plan for Isis
he's like I'm in Afghanistan as well as
they I don't know I'm just here to the
generals like well how about that mother
of all bombs that we dropped in
Afghanistan oh did we uh I don't know I
just let the generals who he cares so
deeply about the troops he's checking in
all the time more like he's watching Fox
and Friends all the time president
Trump's accomplishments pence continues
are nothing short of historic but as
president likes to say
that this White House that's just what
we call a good start what
accomplishments wait he didn't get
health care passed he get anything
passed yet we kind of wanted to get
those things pass on it but gets great
news for me but he doesn't have any
accomplishments so far there's nothing
short of historic come on dude I mean
just I do you are you at all capable of
being embarrassed is this one of the
most embarrassing things that I've read
I'm leaving out 90% of a broad issue by
issue and he's like oh what do you
thought for the children right and
health care the way he stripped it away
for millions of Americans or wants to
genius right anyway
president Trump is firmly committed to
passing the largest tax cut since the
days of President Reagan we're going to
cut taxes across the board for working
families small businesses and family
farms well okay there's the one thing
that he's guaranteeing you it's the same
thing I was guaranteeing you if there's
one thing Trump's gonna do is cut taxes
for the rich because the Republican
Party was from that our donors went from
that so that was coming family farms
later he admits it's trillions of
dollars in tax cuts for the corporations
and he ends of course as always on it is
the greatest privilege of my life to
serve as vice president or president
who's fighting every single day to
restored America freedom prosperity no
opportunity for all can I stay done can
I please stay because I think you're
about to leave soon that would make me
president and Trump Motors is off if
anyone had your guys back it was me we
get it Mike we get it bring it down if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
sighs join
