so we're doing a partnership with
participant media to get everybody to
see increments equal I care about people
seeing it because I want them to get
educated on the facts and John so I'm
going to tell you about when I was wrong
the audience loves us right normally I'm
like oh gawd Ian's I love it that's
right don't really I told you right so
you were my issue a knucklehead a
Republican back in the day you've heard
that you were there yeah I wasn't
watching that but yeah yeah and one of
the things I was skeptical about was
climate change now to be fair to me and
I love to be fair to me that was all the
way back in the 1980s and into the 1990s
and so and I would say I don't know that
there's enough information out there and
then there was this guy warning us all
John the Baptist or Al Gore or something
like that one too and and I was like
okay I mean you say tomato but I could
see how it could be tomahto and they
know what happened information started
coming and then one year was the hottest
year on record and then again and again
and again and again right and I saw a
give me truth in 2006 and I was like oh
that's really bad like big at that point
I begun to realize I put some of my
knuckleheaded ways past me and behind me
but was like I knew was that and I saw
the movie I was like no no no no it's
way worse than I realized
and but that wasn't like a depressing
worse than I realized it was you know me
I'm like let's go get him let's go get
him whose house our house right the plan
is our home so we're going to defend him
as they talked about in the trailer so I
don't know I guess I'm telling that
story John because I feel like actually
getting to learn things is a good thing
and it and it can work like people are
always like no we're siloed and nobody's
ever going to change their mind I'm here
to tell you know people change their
minds including me yes okay and so even
if you're a skeptic god help you at this
point I'm all that now all those years
where's the hottest right on record all
those months in a row he quit in the
early kept getting hotter after the
first day now so if you weren't sure
back then you might want to look into
the numbers now writing you've got to be
sure when that buddy if you're not go
see the movie again just hear him out
and and you might look at and gone yeah
the facts okay then that's bad right but
at least go to you mean sequel comes out
nationwide August 4th la New York on
July 20th but give it a shot is what I'm
saying and and and look people come up
to me all the time too and they say look
you got a thing about things a little
differently I remember somebody came up
and said I or a lot of people came up
and said I used to be conservative
somebody bunch of people said I used to
be evangelical I used to be religious in
different religions or I used to be this
very easily that people do change our
minds and so that's why I like this
movie I wanted a partner with them uh
and why these you see what look I got an
it when I was like 13 I came across a
book by Rush Limbaugh didn't know he was
right a little bit unlike this is really
interesting that I turned 14 and I moved
on
people of all the main that spaces we've
got our I rub it in UK you caught on a
little quicker than I did my dad though
who's in his sixties at the time a
lifelong Republican at the time called
me one day and said Jake I think it's
been all right this it turned I don't
know what easier to do that yeah he I
see he I heard him speak that's not
about he's like this Bill O'Reilly I
think he might be lying seriously that
was the first time you know and and he's
like there's something wrong they're not
telling the truth
yeah and then when you certainly on this
like yeah and when he saw nicer you see
things like in community truth is you
have a moment like oh that's right
that's what it was
so that's again part of the reason why I
want you guys to see the movie check it
out and and see what you think okay and
then if it spurs you to action wonderful
then take action and let's go change the
world together
