an inconvenience equals coming this is
the second movie and what I hope is a
trilogy and as a third one we win
yeah and save the planet the first movie
of course was an inconvenient truth
it featured Al Gore telling us about
climate change and it shook our world I
don't know about you but when I watched
it I had no idea how bad it was I knew
it was bad but I didn't know it was that
bad and it's heard a lot of us in action
and what we want to do here with this
movie is to get us to act again
especially now in times where our
leadership is not taking action so it's
incumbent upon us to do it for the whole
country and for the whole world so we
partnered up with participant media to
tell you about the movie and by the way
it's coming up July 28th in New York and
LA that's when it comes out in August
4th nationwide but also to tell you
about what you can do to make a
difference so Jon what's up today
yeah we've been filling you in on a 10
days of action and 10 organizations that
you can get involved in to actually
fight back against this massive threat
and today we want to tell you about the
national resource Defense Council now
this is a big and vigorous uh
organization that fights for
environmental justice fights against
pollution against climate change
it has over 2 million members online
both regular citizens online activists
and 500 scientists lawyers and policy
advocates that working to not just
educate but also change what's going on
I want to give you a case study because
uh one of the issues that's been most
important to me was the threat that
Donald Trump coming in would reverse
some of President Obama's uh were
regulations and protections against
methane leaks whose methane is
incredibly bad if you care about climate
change well the EPA under Donald Trump
decided to roll back those methane
protections up until recently when a
number of different organizations
including the NRDC filed a court case
against the EPA and a judge ruled that
it had to be held for now there's a stay
on that rollback of those protections so
that is no small thing and that is a
thanks in part to the NRDC but there's
another issue that they want you to get
involved in not just the methane but
also
disastrous consequences that could come
from the u.s. pulling out of the Paris
climate Accord so Donald Trump decided
to effectively unilaterally take us out
of that leaving behind almost 200
countries which were pledging to reduce
their emissions uh significantly well
okay he can do that and he can say that
the US isn't going to put a lot of money
into abiding by those but we are a
complicated country where powers not
just at the national level and
thankfully there have been a number of
governors and mayor's who decided that
they their states and their cities will
continue to abide by those standards but
not every governor is abiding by that
and this is an opportunity for you to
put pressure on those governors to let
them know what is likely to happen to
them in the next election if they don't
push their state uh in the direction of
abiding by those standards so in the
description below we've got a section
where you can communicate with your
governor and tell them what needs to be
done to protect our country to protect
our world in our environment so as we
are the Watchers on the wall in the
media at the national resource Defense
Council the Watchers of the wall in the
courts in the unlucky shoe and boys they
do a great job on that methane case
exactly I want to be part of some sort
of Defense Council it sounds uh and
campaign finance defense counsel coming
soon and I gotta tell my dad I'm gonna
make sure he watches this video because
my dad's always saying like why don't
all the sciences and the lawyers get
together to do something yeah they are
editors are they are it's fair so and
now you could join them as well so look
like we've been saying we want you to
take action you got to stand up it's not
going to get done if you're sitting on
your couch so stand up with us and and
get out there and hit the streets if you
in order to do that you can join any one
of these organizations check out the
NRDC check out an inconvenient sequels
Facebook page we're going to have ten
days of action ten groups here that you
can get involved with and the easiest
action to take so that you're armed with
all the knowledge you need is to go to
see incoming sequel
July 28th New York and LA August 4th
nationwide let's all go do it together
