one of the issues we care most about on
The Young Turks is climate change well
it doesn't get any more important than
make sure we protect the planet that
we're on right up there important issues
so where I'm really happy to announce
that we do a partnership with partisan
media they're amazing company they did
the help Lincoln spotlight all these
other movies including Inconvenient
Truth
now it came out in 2006 that changed the
way that I saw this issue and an added
an urgency which was desperately needed
for me and for a lot of people they now
have a sequel called an inconvenience
equal truth to power and I love that
it's getting the message out and
continues to do that that what they also
want you to do is take action as part of
this movie the movie comes out July 28th
in New York in LA and August 4th
nationwide I want to have you look at a
part of the trailer here to give you a
sense of how powerful an inconvenient
sequel is by the way the first easy
action you can take is to watch it so
let's take a look here it's supposed to
be 70 degrees today at freezing here
speaking of global warming where is we
need some global warming freezing
the most criticized scene in the movie
An Inconvenient Truth what's showing
that the combination of sea level rise
and storm surge would plug the 9/11
memorial site and people said what a
terrible exaggeration Hurricane sandy
slammed into New York City last night
plotting the World Trade Center site
North gets stronger and more destructive
watch the water splash off the city it's
time to put America first that includes
the promise to cancel billions in
climate change spending our plan will
end the EPA this is our home whose house
our house I like that a ton powerful it
is powerful I mean when you look at it
he says this is our home you know what
you do with your home to protect your
home that's what you do I'd like to see
Gore angry like that Joe what actually
day well look we're gonna get into some
specifics we have some general
principles that you can starting today
live by to try to make good on what you
will learn from this movie and how we
can actually solve the problem here
three different areas you can take part
in first you can use your choice to
switch your home your business your
community or your university over 100
percent renewable energy basically
whatever influence you have to to reduce
your carbon footprint you can start
doing that even if it's just in your
very own home you can use your voice and
urge your family your friends your
co-workers in your community to pursue
climate solutions to educate themselves
about this issue and work on ways that
they too can contribute to the solution
and you can also use your vote to demand
that leaders at all levels of government
take climate action incentivize
politicians who take this uh this
problem seriously and vote out the
politicians who won't do what's
necessary to solve the problem look we
told you how important the vote was in
the last election we told you that the
Trump could damage the environment in
fact John and I had a conversation about
how in this election that might have
been the single most important issue
because if the president doesn't take
action it puts us so much further back
so
now we all have to band together to make
sure that we take action and he doesn't
block us and but your voice is just as
important
look I start a whole online show to get
our voice out on issues like climate
change you don't have to go and start a
snapchat show but maybe you should okay
but at a minimum talk to your family
friends boat get out there and be heard
and I look the part of it is you gotta
get angry take some action and if we
don't stand up nobody is so what's the
ten days of action yet so uh we gave you
some general guidelines on how you can
take part how you can push for the
change it's necessary to deal with this
problem but we also want to give you
specifics we have ten different uh days
of action uh and some organizations that
you can get involved with that are
directly dealing with that with this
issue so for day one we have the climate
reality project is an organization set
up by Al Gore and is working to put both
activists and concerned citizens uh in
touch with the resources they need to
make change also with the people that
need to be persuaded that need to be
pushed into making the changes necessary
and the area we want to talk about is
something that you you are probably well
aware of especially if you watch the
show and that is the Paris climate
Accord we're against all odds
miraculously almost 200 countries came
together and pledged to to voluntarily
drastically reduce their emissions over
the next decade and beyond and it was
amazing that it happened of course then
Donald Trump gets elected and he wants
to pull us out of that but despite him
wanting to do that there are still any
number of countries that are still
committed to it there are literally
hundreds of both governors and mayor's
across America who are pledging to still
abide by the Paris climate Accord
standards and you can actually join in
that as well there's a pledge you can
sign me I am still in pledge that
pledges that you personally are still
going to work to reduce your own carbon
emissions in a number of different ways
which some of which are already probably
aware of others which we will cover in
the remaining days of action to support
both businesses and politicians cities
and states that pledge to remain under
the Paris climate Accord standards
to work to continually try to push
President Trump to get the entire
country back on the right track in
whatever way is possible or necessary
and also to uh to call on Congress uh to
uh to punish up to pull punish polluters
to uh incentivize a green energy and all
related issues like that you can make
that pledge uh it is linked down below
come on guys seventy percent of the
country agrees with us so if one of the
things that they talk about here is
using your vote right well over seventy
percent of country we should be winning
so when I when when a trumple's out of
the past agreement uh and the mayor's
the governor stood up to him I loved it
especially the Pittsburgh mayor when he
did what he did right uh so but then you
gotta put people like that in office so
use your voice use your bow use your
choice
you gotta get involved and by the way if
you don't know enough about it I hear
your brother that's why they've got the
Paris toolkit so check that out learn
all that you have two minutes part of
the whole point of the climate reality
project get educated find out what's
happening and you can spread that
information and and when knuckleheads
come in and say all here's a snowball so
there must be no global warming like
united states senators they don't could
be armed with the knowledge and the real
facts in it and the truth about this and
and then once you see you realize why we
have to act right now yeah so go to uh
an incoming signal space book page uh
every day there's gonna be a new video
about how you can get involved and I
like that there's all these different
groups because pick the one that's best
for you and go get involved and take
action exactly and uh one thing that
they're stressing at the climate reality
project that I love and that I think too
many people after seeing the original
movie eventually thought well man this
is such a big problem can we really do
anything about it and a certain apathy
can come about but they are working
their asses off to make sure that nobody
succumbs to that again they have the
simple message that you can spread the
climate change crisis is urgent it is a
danger and threat to our civilization
but solutions are actually here there
are a million things that we can and
must do to deal with the problem it is
not outside of our ability to to to work
past this problem
uh and then beyond that of course there
is the actual movie while you'll learn
far more so the movie comes out July
28th in LA in New York and then opens
nationwide August 4th don't miss it
because it also is incredibly moving
pictures and video obviously but also
the information you need and I remember
walking out in 2006 women can be true
they and even I didn't know was that bad
and and look if your if your house is
under attack do you think that's urgent
or not urgent I'm going to put that in
the urgent category so we've got to do
something right now it starts with an
inconvenient sequel but make sure that
you're part of the action
