the fine people over at HBO are working
on producing a new series that will air
after Game of Thrones is done with its
stint it is known as Confederate it will
be a drama and the whole premise of this
new series is what America would be like
if the Confederates were able to secede
from the United States and we had two
different lands with two different
priorities and principles and so
understandably there's been a lot of
criticism toward this idea and I want to
go ahead and read a little bit of those
criticisms and then we'll kind of
discuss what we think about it so one
person writes and by the way this is
actually IRA Madison from The Daily
Beast this is white nonsense we finally
had an Oscars ceremony where a black
film won Best Picture moonlight without
having slaves or servants in it but I
guess HBO's eyes are still fixated on 12
years of slave another individual tweets
that it's exhausting to think of how
many people at HBO said yes to letting
two white men envision modern-day
slavery and offensive okay so the two
white men that that person was referring
to is David Benioff and also DB Weiss
and they are the two men behind it but
it's also important to keep in mind that
the two prominent writers behind this
series are black and they are in
complete agreement over how important
this series really is because it brings
up a discussion about race that needs to
happen and so I want to kind of get your
thoughts before I read the thoughts of
those writers it's not necessarily a bad
thing it's kind of seen that way and it
sort of follows from a creative
standpoint that man in the high castle
series was associated with what would
happen if Nazi Germany had actually a
longer the world with right and and and
taken over so in a sense even creatively
it's a derivative of that if you want to
look at it that way and that was that
was done I think with minimal resistance
you were you would be hostile II greeted
with that on Twitter because the point
would be that that's not the same and I
would agree that well it's certainly you
say creatively derivative no question
that it is we just talked about this jr.
and and Michael and jank and I on old
school this week of the day that it the
day that had happened and and because
the reaction was so quick and and jerry'
is a much better position than I talked
about that reaction but I did think that
one of the problems with Twitter one of
the great things about Twitter is the
immediate reaction we get but like all
that was announced was that we're gonna
do the show we don't know what the show
right how the show is gonna be portrayed
I am as positive as I can be that they
heroes at least of this show I get that
the part of what the of the objections
on Twitter were the imagery but we know
who the heroes of the show are gonna be
there's no there's no question they're
gonna be runaway slaves or people from
the regular America that the South
seceded from and uh and and I imagine
that it is not going to show well I
don't know what it's gonna show but we
know I'm sure the heroes are gonna be
the right guys right but the point they
like that guy from The Daily Beast had
IRA Madison was that that that he found
some objection to just been 12 years of
slave which I know you haven't seen wish
you know watch anything on a screen no
yeah but you you you understood that
reaction right yeah without trying to
get because we talked about extensively
again on old school but um it's just
this the way art works as far as
television movies and all the stuff goes
is its ends up influencing society we
already know that so a lot of people who
may be against this are worried about
how we already have people who reenact
Civil War and wish that the South had
won and they're like all would rise up
we'd be this and maybe that she wonder
how would this world have existed this
long if it was such a dysfunctional
world so you're starting from the
premise of it would have to be
functioning some kind of way off this
basis of slavery continuing that never
continued so it's already giving props
just for it existing and there's not
people in society that wished it
I did like oh my god I can't wait to
watch it see how awesome this is gonna
be because this is what I've been hoping
for for so long
and number two the way it would have
existed and this is my own assumption
would have been continuing to enslave
people and we complain a lot of times on
this show about how we sort of enslave
people
prisons we still specifically target
certain groups of people so we kind of
had that system with just a few people
at the top with all this money and
continuing to change the system from the
judicial to financial to make sure
certain people stay lower
we kind of have aspects of that now and
it's offensive to then make it a bigger
thing and how would these heroes become
heroes they practice them up from other
people that look like the people in
power it's what a lot of folks don't
like things that happen and like we
talked about Jenga ya ain't gonna need
help from the white guy so there's
always a white Savior this is this is
the same master we've seen this movie is
although your Django was different than
like you know like Mississippi Burning
me for years and years the ice story the
civil rights movement was always told
from the heroic White's who's who were
on the right side as opposed to the
people who led the civil rights movement
who would respected by and that was has
always been a shortcoming of Hollywood
but that has started to change I don't
you know I I didn't come out of Django
thinking that the white Savior was
terribly relevant that seemed to me to
be a story about Jamie Foxx's character
about Django and Django seeking and
getting revenge but I hear then there
was black criticism of Django right
definitely no and so the they are
careful to point out that they that the
show
wouldn't be wish fulfillment for white
supremacists yep and you know
artistically look if one of my
objections to a Hollywood censoring
itself with the production code starting
in 1934 so aggressively whereas that
never happened in books and it didn't
have it in place so somehow like America
was okay to go see a play where there
was a prostitute but you couldn't have
it in a movie it makes no sense a book
then maybe this is based on a book but a
book where this happened a series of
books no one would complain about right
but somehow we put it on a TV show with
the Game of Thrones guys
which means it has instant credibility
and instant stature on this unbelievably
on the signature network on television
HP l that that makes it different and
I'm not sure it should be different and
I not coming at it in any way as
obviously I'm not black I don't have
that same history
I just think creatively it's interesting
and if done right my sense is it can do
some good but I'm not sure people
shouldn't listen to me I guess that's
what I am coming down with also and by
the way just on Ben's point I think the
reason that we're so tough on television
is because frankly we celebrate
television in movies we don't celebrate
books in the written word in this
culture right now and will likely aren't
going to get back to celebrate Leno will
get back so the thing that makes an
impact on the culture is television and
film so as I said before it's derivative
already of another scenario but but more
radioactive for all the reasons that JR
has pointed out I mean it's definitely
there's no Jewish lives matters movement
right now because there doesn't need to
be right and there needs to be a black
lives matter movement so hence the
reaction to it and I you know they're
they say they're going ahead with it
yeah look they're going ahead with it
and they're excited but also a little
terrified because you're right like to
do something like this and really pull
it off you have to do it right and I
feel like you look nothing has been
really released about this other than
the fact that hey we're working on this
show so we don't really know too many
details and so I kind of want to reserve
my criticism until I see what they come
out with and what Twitter's for I know
that's definitely not what winners for
but I do know one thing and there is a
significant portion of this country that
doesn't really seem to remember or
understand or has never learned about
what actually happened during our war
our Civil War and the War of Northern
Aggression you speak up yeah that's what
I mean that's really what I'm talking
about so I think that this could
potentially be a really important
educational experience for a part of
this country that doesn't really
understand what
war was about or at least they might
pretend to not understand what that war
was really about we had in our
discussion on old school jr. I thought
one of the best parts of it was that the
a reminder of like yeah we don't
understand or appreciate it's okay every
five years ten years fifteen years to
remind people of the brutality of
slavery in a way that makes a difference
and seeing something visually depicted
makes a difference Bobby uh you know
roots changed my I assumed I would have
come to this outlook anyway but for guys
of Mark and I as our age roots was like
getting hit in the face with a baseball
bat right I mean I remember every part
of it I remember every night talking
about it and watching it and being you
know
and sickened by it so some good and I'm
sure if I saw roots again now I'd there
be some flaws with it but at the time it
was it was pretty powerful so yeah
there's an emotional assault this could
be the same thing right exactly so this
thing last thing I'm sorry in it yeah so
the emotional assault will come and
change some people is the hope right
people who have seen this again seen
this over and over again we still see
what people getting murdered in the
streets by some cops then we don't want
to keep having to see it so we've seen
it we know we're like Jesus how much
more entertainment you're gonna get off
of replaying lynchings and replaying
rapes and replaying whipping shit I've
seen this before
I don't need to see it anymore it's
visceral now for a lot of people and
also even just the tapes the current
tapes of someone getting murdered in the
street and getting choked out and then
they saying stop resisting and
meishu-sama in the back we go
we know this happens why do I need to
tape it and show my peoples murder on
television for you to believe me
yeah so you have to be entertained and
then change before you believe what I've
been telling you for decades and it's
just it's frustrating right yeah I hear
you but like so that's why I wouldn't be
like stop production just probably not
gonna watch that's all I'm not gonna
watch anyway right by the way I promised
that I would share the thoughts of the
black writers behind this show and I
want to make sure I do so so Malcolm
Spellman and Nichelle
are both writing for this program and
Malcolm said the following it's deeply
personal because we are the offspring of
this history we deal with it directly
and have our entire lives we deal with
it in Hollywood we deal with it in the
real world and when we're dealing with
friends and family members and I think
Michelle and I both felt a sense of
urgency and trying to find a way to
support a discussion that is percolating
but isn't happening enough as people of
color and minorities in general are
starting to get a voice I think there's
a duty to force this discussion yeah I
think they're right obviously it's you
know they have a financial stake in
making sure the Cenacle been what I mean
I mean well I mean but but I think that
again we tend to respond to the loud of
the angriest loudest voices on Twitter
and I don't think those voices are wrong
in jr. I think set it really nicely like
it's just frustrating like there's some
initial just frustrating like why do we
need to see this again I'm gonna watch
it well if you watch it then we're
coming on our yeah whatever you got a
20/20 that's dead again use my the real
quick
it's worth mentioning that some of the
frustration boils over because there's a
show on WGN Tribune owned by Tribune
underground which has been on for two
years was their biggest show I don't the
ratings declined a little bit but about
the underground movement underground
slave movement during the during the
Civil War and the stars are all black
and it's about it's about the
Underground Railroad I haven't seen it I
saw one episode was really good but I
didn't follow up it was I saw an episode
in the middle so WGN has canceled that
show it's produced by John Legend - EP
by John Legend and the Tribune Company
cancelled that but tribute didn't really
cancel it Sinclair did because Sinclair
first company bought Tribune and said
right away this but what was the quotes
like this doesn't do they are forward so
legend has been shopping the show to
other networks it's it's been critically
praised and so we were kind of half
kidding but we thought you know
HBO should pick that up yeah you know
that was the time on the Friday night
lineup restricted communication geniuses
like Anthony scare Moochie would tell
you to make that show up so hopefully
they'll find another outlet for that
show because it's a good show it's
important show and but be very
interested as to whether this criticism
this backlash against Confederate lasts
or was just a you know 72 hours on
Twitter or whether it really impedes
production on this show and you'll know
by I sense one way to know will be what
the Spellman's do like if they back out
and that shows probably done and I don't
know that Benioff and Weiss want to take
all this goodwill and credibility they
have from Game of Thrones and spend all
their political capital the interesting
fo support independent media
come join us to the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
