press-secretary Sean Spicer is now out
after just 180 days on the job which in
case you're checking is actually a very
short time for press secretary it's one
of the shortest although not the
shortest ten years in history so he will
be leaving The Times reported it this
morning saying that he that Trump tried
to keep him on but that Anthony's
scaramouche II being brought into the
administration was that was the line in
the sand that a Sean Spicer just could
not abide and so he would be leaving his
position that he said it was a major
mistake Spicer a major mistake yes all
of the rest of the stuff is fine I don't
worry about that but the scaramouche II
it can't be abided now remember that
earlier the former White House
communications director Mike Doug ki
rasoi may didn't specify why we don't
know if it was scaramouche II related
necessarily but we did want to
memorialize a little bit of Ben and I
have been talking about you know the
media loves these sorts of staff shake
ups and I don't care too much about what
it necessarily represents for Trump
although it does and we'll get into a
little bit mostly it's that we have a
lot of memories of Sean Spicer and so
we're gonna look back over a few of
those here you know someone who's
despicable as Hitler who didn't even
sink to the to to using chemical weapons
posted somewhat of an incoherent weep
last night the president and a small
group of people know exactly what he
meant quote Hitler didn't even sink to
the level of using chemical weapons what
did you mean by that
in the in the you brought him into the
to to the Holocaust Center and I
understand that what I was saying in the
way that the Assad used them where he
went into towns dropped him down to
innocent into the middle of towns it was
brought by Ryan today said there's no
evidence the natural
Association of secretaries of states say
that they don't agree with the
president's assessment what evidence do
you have
III as I said I think the president has
believed that for a while I think
anybody who get who undermines the
success of that rage owes an apology and
a disservice to the life of chief Owens
that's my shoes to anybody I think mr.
Acosta owes the president-elect and
frankly the entire press corps an
apology for his childish and
inappropriate behavior President Obama
went outside the chain of command he
didn't use the NSA he didn't use the CIA
he didn't use the FBI and he didn't use
the Department of Justice he used GCHQ
what is that it's the initials for the
British intelligence planning agency
that it was you know wiretapping
that that spans a whole host of
surveillance types off options I think
some people are clearly upset but there
is a bit of professional protest or
manufactured bass in there the president
used the word wiretap in quote to mean
broadly surveillance and other
activities that is absolutely not true
there are no dossiers being kept - just
a binder they put right here that's
about it was a joke photographs of the
inaugural proceedings were intentionally
framed in a way in one particular tweet
to minimize the enormous support that
had gathered on the National Mall I
think through a lot of the actions and
statements that he's gonna make I think
the contributions of Frederick Douglass
will become more and more all of this
space was full when the president took
the oath of office and to make sure that
if they are five-year-olds that maybe
they're there with their parents and
they're they don't pose a threat but to
assume that just because of someone's
age or gender or whatever that they
don't pose a threat would be misguided
and wrong audience to ever witness an
inauguration period yeah the spice are
fighting back against all of those who
will give a pass to five-year-olds and
assume that they can't kill someone if
they want to you know what I don't want
to I certainly am NOT one to uh Thank
You Jerry for putting that together yeah
that's just that was great at peri yeah
that was great suit didn't even remotely
fit no that was a 24 that earlier
criticized him for his suits a big one
for appearances
it would have yeah so the you know this
is a generic media a criticism not a
particularly a hostile one but there is
a Spicer Sean Spicer will now get credit
because he took a stand and left because
there was something that he literally
could not stand for the hiring of a
non-professional and a job that that
requires a professionally and Sean
Spicer was had a low-level job at the
bush-cheney administration then worked I
guess on the for the Republican National
Committee during the campaign I don't
think he was a professional either but
this is a job for a grown-up and that's
not and I'd be curious mark do you think
that scaramouche II you know because
he's he's at ease in front of the camera
and he has a charm to him that should
Sean Spicer lacks but I don't know
whether he'll do briefings that he'll
help I have Sarah Huckabee Sanders
especially she she got promoted she's
gonna be the press secretary right so
but I I doubt I bet he's a gargantuan
failure okay job about two things to say
first of all to Ben's point on Twitter
today it was all alive with Thank You
Sean Spicer for finally having a battle
on for final bill reason Sean Spicer is
gone is a political reason because he
lost a spot in the White House that he'd
wanted something it was completely
administrative it has nothing to do with
principle it has nothing to do with
anything that matters it only has to do
with his own career so that's first of
all yeah secondly yes Ben I think this
guy's Carol Moochie who reminds me of
Ben Affleck and boiler-room you know
he's got that kind of a loud-mouthed
perfectly put together you know
cufflinks that match type crap things
that matter the Trump do people wear
cufflinks that don't latch well you're
right except for one and the cufflinks
that match the shoes
all around that size that match to this
guy is trumpian and trumple love that
his message is getting a represented
strongly so yeah you're right is in some
sense is this the answer for Trump not
necessarily but in terms of getting his
message out is what I'm getting at he
cares about how although I don't know I
think Trump has gotten this message out
this message is incoherent drivel he's
one of the he's in the top 400 dumbest
successful people in the history of the
United States and so and successful
because he was born with money and he
did what he created some more money and
he failed a bunch but not enough to
resolve that's right so I don't I think
his message gets out very clearly yeah I
mean recraft his message so it's
palatable that's what I mean absolutely
right this message changes by the hour
yeah he knows what I want to go through
a couple other elements of this cuz that
let me say quickly that I that I again
because I that this is a job for a
professional image creator and he isn't
one yes and it is once again Trump
putting someone who can't do this job
I'm not saying Anthony scare Moochie
isn't a bright guy he may be an
incredibly bright guy ah a lot of bright
people can't do this job and he'll be
one of them that's my prediction exactly
yeah and let's not forget that
throughout the six months Donald Trump
has attacked Spicer for his clothing his
hygiene his weight I mean there was Joe
wait yeah actually that's a good one but
he did and obviously the fact that jokes
were being made about him constantly
like Trump would occasionally say he
gets good ratings but you know he
doesn't like being the butt of jokes and
having Melissa McCarthy do constant
impersonations didn't like that a couple
things we didn't have in the in the
montage was it focused mostly on the the
bad things he said were some of the
ridiculous things he did he hidden a
Bush once remember that that's a funny
moment and he used the term Holocaust
centers so he was a goof ball and even
Donald Trump was able to see that now
it's not just Sean Spicer that was
frustrated with scare emoji coming in
though although I agree with what you
said about why he was leaving
Maggie Haberman of New York Times
reported a tweet of this Reince Priebus
furious / multiple who spoke with him he
has tried blocking Skaar Moochie at
various points scaramouche Ibanez is the
third or fourth at least the third gem
that they've considered round trade rep
live and thanks for import-export Bank
or Export Import Bank I don't know which
one goes first I don't know either Bobby
import and so previous told the AP yeah
that's how yeah that's a great demand
previous told the AP that asker Moochie
was a very good friends with him and
that he supports the President's Choice
100% going on to say it's all good here
in the White House yeah I bet he was
like it's all good
here yeah so Reince Priebus he won't
have a job in the fall at the bare
minimum that would be my guess we've
thought that many times I got but here's
a direct we know this was a loss of
power e they made a play he's tried to
block him in the past this is a big job
ahead of the messaging Spicer left and
so I get my hunches that pretty much
won't be long for this job either I
would just like to quote the nation a
whole bunch of things to say about Sean
Spicer I wanted because we're gonna
he'll get praised for standing on
principles mark said there there's no
principled Sean the nation john nichols
in the nation today called Sean Spicer a
paid perjure I don't think I could do
better than that
he made this job a joke he did terrible
things if he'd been principled in any
way he would have resigned again to sort
of paraphrase John Nichols he would have
resigned on day one when Trump sent him
out there to lie about what happened on
the inauguration a crowd after with the
crowd with the with the March so or the
whatever a couple days after whatever
was so I mean this guy's failure at this
job was epic and unparalleled and the
notion that now he sort of did the right
thing he was a laughingstock at the job
and and and and my hunch but I bet he'll
show up somewhere whether it's Fox News
or CNN and he'll get a book deal and
yeah and you know just the mere nature
of his leaving makes people interested
in him and will elevate his dad
so from Sean Spicer's point of view
probably the right movement before he
started you know everybody was like hey
man Sean he's he's a good guy he's one
of us but you saw what happens you work
for Trump
all of a sudden nothing you all that
stuff he's one of us good guy respects
the press nope nope nope yeah yeah yeah
I was just gonna say on the laughing
stock thing because III thought that
same thing when he when he loud and
literally said well the guy's a laughing
stock any anything that they do in that
in that role is better than than that
but what I what I see is the
administration closing behind these
attack dogs like Sarah Huckabee Sanders
and and I think stair Moochie falls into
that same category the extent you're
gonna see him on on camera I mean you
see the legal team that shows up on
cable television
this is what Trump respects those attack
dogs that show up on television and make
the president's points against whatever
the hell they saw scare Moochie he the
recent scare but she has this job the
reason Trump like because you know as we
know as we're about to play scaramouche
he was not an early Trump supporter was
very critical of him but then come later
he was Trump loved how he handled
himself and defended Trump on cable TV
on Fox and trumpet like that guy I like
that guy what do you care if I want him
on my team right if you like this clip
of The Young Turks you know there's a
whole live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern every day and you could download
it or stream in and watch it without ads
if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
