robert molars investigation of Donald
Trump is now encompasses a few areas
that Trump is not very comfortable with
and as a result the war against Muller
the attempts to discredit him have
started up fresh an anonymous source who
viewed a letter that the White House
sent around told CNN that staff were
asked to save this from Robert Muller
any subjects discussed in the course of
the June 26th meeting of course that's
the Donald Trump jr. meeting and any
decisions made regarding the recent
disclosures about the June 2016 meeting
which could mean that they want access
to more of that information or it could
be a fairly standard technique whereby
you believe that they're going to try to
hide or destroy that material that you
already have access to and you put it
out there that you want it so they'll
destroy it and thus you have another bit
of obstruction of justice there but
either way it doesn't look good for
Donald Trump and as a result it looks
like they are going to go after Muller
again Trump's lawyers are apparently
working to corral the probe and question
the propriety of the special counsels
work they're actively compiling a list
of Muller's alleged potential conflicts
of interest which they say could serve
as a way to stymie his work according to
several of trumps legal advisers one of
those is that apparently there was some
sort of dispute between Muller and a
Trump golf course over membership fees
when Muller left several years ago 2011
exactly yes that's probably what's
driving Muller if I had to get heard on
POTUS radio on Sirius today that if
that's the case then Robert Muller is
really playing a long game fine you
throw me off your club you overcharge me
let's just wait and see
yeah now let's talk a little bit of a
more about what is frustrating Trump and
remember this is coming after that New
York Times interview where he laid out
what the red line is we're gonna play a
bit of that in just a sec but advisors
said that the president is irritated by
the notion that Muller's probe could
reach into his and his family's finances
which we have heard from motivation that
they are they're looking at they won't
they got they can debate they can
subpoena tax return exactly yes and he
has told these he's especially disturbed
after learning Muller would be able to
access several years of his tax return
why do you think those we haven't talked
about this
while obviously we have talked a lot
about it historically no one has ever
worked harder to obscure anything than
he is working to obscure his taxes it
goes beyond just he did he didn't have
as much money as we thought he did like
that seemed like a good enough
explanation for a while but at this
point nobody goes this hard in defending
something unless there's something
really bad there it has to be a treasure
trove I mean it really does that's the
only as Johnny says there's no way you
build that wall and this is the
metaphorical wall instead of the
ridiculous wall that he's proposed to
the southern border you don't build that
wall around your taxes and unless it is
a treasure trove and it may show
conflict of interest beyond what we even
could have conceived and we concede them
a lot I think it's I think it's it's
like Trump took the standard deduction
of $150,000 a year for three straight
years for killing a vagrant you know
what you know to kill a vagrant yeah I
did well it's honored you know like I
mean it's got right it's like it no
you're right John no one has gone did
this much trouble to cover something up
yes suggest that those would be
interesting is it well listen this world
of real estate of course that's his is
his firm but real estate is rife with
examples of depreciation and all kinds
of gray areas around tax code you know
but this would be if it's his personal
returns we're looking at then that could
be as I say it just a whole new world I
mean that could be a Disneyland of
conflict what did he say he couldn't
release his tax returns because oh yeah
that's right it's gonna turn out Muller
can't get his tax Church because he's
being odd no no is gonna try to get them
but the America people just don't care
yes they just don't care enough and so
they're trying to get out in front of
that advisor to Trump said if you're
looking at Russian collusion the
president's tax returns would obviously
be outside of that investigation with
that well just your opinion man well two
things one the the Russia investigation
the investigate was smaller and
everything pertained to collusion to
Russia's interference in the election
collusion with the Trump campaign and
anything that arises out of that I I
have no idea I don't I don't my hunches
I've always thought that the exact idea
of Trump colluding with Russia's
might end up being less impressive than
then some of us would hope but obviously
the scope of that investigation might
include IO 37 trillion dollars whatever
37 million pick a number to Russian
interests and there and can't pay it
back and therefore colluded what's that
story you know Charles pierce from
Esquire tweeted today you know follow as
always follow period period money like
so yeah my hunch is whatever brings
Trump down if something brings him down
it will be the money and there will be a
tangential connection to the rustic
Russia investigation but these are
grown-up brought the unlike everyone in
the Trump administration and unlike most
of the lawyers he's hired although I
guess John Dowd that's the Pete Rose
lawyer right that's the Dowd report oh
right of course
well know if some of the lawyers are
tough and he's got heat now but I know
guys keep quitting too you know yeah it
had a big shake-up in his legal class we
love a shake-up so let's talk about what
that means but just the difference but
the difference between Muller and the
Muellers team in the Trump team these
are now they're just professional
prosecutors these are elite professional
prosecutors you know bringing people
over whose whole careers have been
following money to make criminal
prosecutions and the notion that Anthony
scare Moochie is going to coordinate the
communications to fight back against
that let alone what his legal team does
these are amateurs and they're going to
get overwhelmed I have moments because I
I in general want the playing field with
prosecutors to be even and federal
prosecutors have this broad reach it's I
don't feel bad for the Trump people but
they are going to get overwhelmed and
but we don't know when it might be for
months it might be 14 months and and and
John talked about the fact that he is
trying to subvert Muller in other ways
but I just want to make a point that I
think there's nothing about Donald Trump
in his administration that would suggest
that there's some kind of elegant
collusion with the Russians this guy is
is clunky and ham-fisted
in his connections and associations with
the Russians on an election issues but
as Ben says
there is a stink of death some cut
something that was there having nothing
directly to do with the election that
could be revealed by this investigation
so the collusion in a sense is a is a
false flag but I think everything else
from it
from the investigation as it broadens
could really yield something big so as I
alluded to a lot of people are going to
be attacking a robert muller but it's
not all going to be coming from the
Trump administration from the White
House you also of course have the new
state media you've got Fox News and so
let's hear a couple of conspiracy
theories coming from Sean Hannity well
Muller's he is massive conflicts of
interest for example President Trump
pointed out to The Times
a huge conflict of interest the
mainstream media has largely ignored do
you know the day before Muller was
appointed a special counsel guess what
he was interviewed by President Trump
for the FBI director job so Muller knew
he had a chance to be appointed special
counsel yet he's still interviewed to be
the FBI director it's beyond ridiculous
also Muller has several other conflicts
of interest remember he's BFF with James
Comey was a key witness in this
investigation well that could be a
potential violation of the law and
Muller what did he do look at the people
he's hired members on his team well that
have donated thousands and thousands of
dollars to Democrats Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama take a look at this graphic
his investigators donated tens of
thousands of dollars to the likes of
these people okay and by the way what's
even worse is that one of the lawyers on
Muller's team cast what it used to be
Hillary Clinton's lawyer at the Clinton
Foundation this is crazy
you know the Trump apologist Sean
Hannity with a ridiculous ridiculous
point beyond ridiculous he interviewed a
day before for the FBI job to replace
Comey shouldn't that be evidence in his
favor as Helen thought he was so
responsive since they use it and then
against him is is insane it's just
saying it just you know with it's just
saying it loudly and into a teleprompter
right therefore makes it true I like the
second one better
about giving money to Democrats again
career prosecutors by the way I'm sure
there is a list of some prosecutors who
have given money to Republicans possible
possible prob of any list that includes
and Brandon Vaughn crack gave 200 was
that really the name Brandon but
unfortunately the guy's name is Brandon
vara we didn't have to round out the
list not unfortunately that's the
coolest name ever that's pretty cool
yeah yeah okay ders call me Ron yeah you
shoes were given by friends or if
someone involved somehow with Muller
tonight on penny just the promo you guys
it's scaramouche e previous and spices
is what I heard is he gonna ask a Moche
how about that money you gave Obama how
about the praise you gave to Hillary
Clinton I don't think he will say you're
in there this is amol for the president
no cuz he kissed his ass today so he's
good oh yeah so that by the way there
you know I mean these aren't real
conflicts right so but there are
prosecutors who could delve into this
case who haven't given money to
Democrats and they would do it with the
same gusto yeah but what they're trying
to do of course is just get at conflict
of interest because that conflict of
interest is one of the reasons that you
can fire the special counsel under the
special counsel regulations that's
exactly right that's the Catholic majors
is a phrase that they are going to use
and continue to use to set up trumps
dismissal of yeah so there are two
things going on
one is a conflict of interest as ben
says to set up a legitimate reason to
dump Mulder and the other is undermining
Maul are just generally within the
public so that whatever conclusions
model reaches or even interim
conclusions are reached or even hinted
at are counterfeited by this information
and propaganda about who Muller is and
what this investigation is really about
it's about all these things that are
really political and there are all these
have conflicts of interests and so this
is a witch-hunt
so it plays to both those things I think
but yeah but yes I agree but I think
most importantly the reason that phrase
has come up because Trump know
that there may come a time where he has
to fire him or get rod Rosenstein to
fire him yeah or he's out also he's also
attacked cuz he's from Baltimore and
that's a loser City yeah when it comes
my phone's not from Baltimore but he
attacked it for being for he worked in
Baltimore yeah that's right he's from
Philly or Pennsylvania so but critic
critically the the Jeff Sessions stuff
is also related to that too because the
only reason Rosenstein is relevant is
because sessions has recused himself but
if sessions resigns and he brings in a
new attorney general that is more suited
to trump and he'll obviously tell him to
fight so a different attorney general
could come in and fire Muller to say
nothing of the president's ability to
fire Rosenstein all of this all of these
things firing motor we're acting like he
can he can you could make that case and
you could put he's laid out a red line
and the investigation has gone past it
theoretically we could well I think in
this case there would be because Muller
is still enormous ly respected inside
Washington this is establishment of
players there is there will be
legitimate political repercussions to
firing Muller not just of course among
Democrats but I I actually think in this
case even among that's the danger that
if you fire Muller now for the first
time you know you always wonder when the
Republicans will turn that might be the
kind of thing to at least get some of
that Republican congressional support
turning exactly yeah and once a few turn
the rest of the faller kennedy knows
what BFF stands for i doubt if he's got
google i guess yeah yeah that is gonna
be an interesting moment for for america
i think that considering everything
we've learned the denialists position is
pretty ridiculous now but that he would
fire a second person doing the
investigation after implying my
derivative sessions purely because
sessions can't protect him during the
investigation this is apparently the
only thing he thinks about the only
thing he cares about that should say
something to most people but some people
still caught up if you like this clip of
the young turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. eastern
every day and you could download it or
stream in and watch it without ads if
you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
