Donald Trump and his lawyers aren't just
looking to interfere with the
investigation to the last election
they're not just looking to disrupt it
they might go a step farther than that
the Washington Post reports that Trump
has quote asked his advisors about his
power to pardon aides family members and
even himself in connection with the
probe according to someone familiar with
the effort a second person said Trump's
lawyers have been discussing the
president's parting powers among
themselves which is just standard
operating procedure when you're you and
all the people you know are innocent of
crime you just talk a lot about
pardoning just you're just curious about
pardoning your debut it does Jay Sekulow
Trump's attorney says pardons are not
being discussed and are not on the table
so bear that in mind but in light of
this report because Sekulow says we
should probably send this clip but you
know we've couple more minutes um
so now there's this question a lot of
people are wondering what is the extent
of the pardoning power of the president
can he pardon Mike Flynn can he pardoned
his family members can he even indeed
pardon himself and so a lot of legal
scholars and law professors have been
writing up their thoughts on this and it
is complicated there have not been that
many pardons this close to it
administration it's not really what the
pardon was originally created for for us
to go back to but we do have some
guidance the Michigan State University
law professor said you can definitely
pardoned people who haven't been charged
yet and contrary to a common
misconception it doesn't require as a
legal matter that he say they are guilty
so that again could be Mike Flynn it
could be Man afford it could be doubt
Trump jr. and the general consensus is
that he can pardon any of those people
or beyond for things that they are being
investigated for things we don't even
know about things they haven't been
charged with and he can largely do that
to whatever extent he wants you can
start pardoning White House staffers as
they enter the new job as going through
one of those like metal detectors and
the pardon it can be like baptism
exactly it can all be done at one time
but significantly you can't pardon
yourself related to impeachment that's
in the Constitution and you can't pardon
if there was a state investigation like
the pardoning power doesn't work if New
York State for example were to prosecute
but he might be able to prosecute to
pardon himself like that we don't know
yeah that's a Supreme Court interpretive
thing or it hasn't happened it hasn't
happened because the idea was that it's
sort of a power of mercy that you could
grant to another person not that you
would protect yourself in your inner
circle from criminal charges but I'm
gonna jump ahead because we could go
into Gerald Ford and he obviously he you
know he pardoned Nixon for for offenses
against the u.s. that he committed or
that he might have committed you don't
even have to like spell it out I could
just be like you're absolved but let's
go way way back in American history in
Federalist number 74
Hamilton notes that quote humanity and
good policy requires that the pardon
power ought to remain in the hands of
the president he argued for that
although some disagreed rather than
dispersed among the many members of
Congress which is actually how it works
in a lot of states because the sense of
responsibility he would feel and having
such enormous power over another
person's fate would ensure that he
exercised it with quote scrupulousness
and caution towards I think of what I
think of Donald J Trump well handle
turned out a lot of faith yeah I think
yeah there was a Sheldon was Alexander
house and more wrong exactly yeah not
saying anything about the show no now
further let's go to Jessica Lavis in La
Jolla law school professor who said this
shortly before President Nixon resigned
from office the office of legal counsel
issued an opinion in which they
cautioned that no one may be a judge in
his or in his own case this is also a
principle of so-called quote natural law
this meant the OLC said that the
president cannot pardon himself although
the interesting thing about the office
of legal counsel is that they're not the
Supreme Court of United States yes so
that is something that that that that
that you depth Brian call to you quoted
before it says that this is a fiercely
debated but unresolved legal question
that's definitely where Ennis I mean it
would likely be a Supreme Court issue it
would be now but the with a president
first of all you could be impeached and
removed from office totally separate
from whether he part myself in fact you
cannot pardon yourself to keep you
absolved from the circumstances related
to impeachment
that's directly in the Constitution so
removed from all this as whether as a as
a political matter though pardon
yourself I mean again I I get it I know
one I don't think is more critical in
general with this group of Republicans
that we have in Congress right now I
cannot believe they would stand by well
the president after trying to fire the
special counsel then proceeded to pardon
him well I mean here's how it's done
obviously under this under the guise of
this look we are getting so distracted
with this dick of not letting his wild
goose chase they're not letting me
follow my agenda the American people
hired me to do a job and this this
insanity in Washington is preventing me
from doing that job I'm pardoning
everyone I'm pardoning myself let's get
on with the business I mean it would be
sold like that it would be sold like
that but of course then there that would
work for most dictators I think that's
what he wants uh right away duarte in
the Philippines he bill you know what I
was just bothering me I'm just gonna
kill him and then let's move on the
people yeah so that would be challenged
so he would still have to deal with it
as it worked its way through the courts
because there would be people obviously
who objected
there's no he would lose but I can't as
a political matter that strikes me as
such a gargantuan loser I get it there's
some that 36 percent stays just through
some things well it would drop to 20 36
percent just to be pure about it that's
the overall electorate the overall
polled electorate he still got a strong
Republican totally he's governing he's
governing tis over eighty percent to the
eighty percent of Republicans who
supportive has no class all he cares
about so you know and and and Nixon you
know even before impeachment was still
over fifty percent of Republicans so
yeah it was a different time there were
different kinds of Republican in the in
the Senate there were men of significant
principle Barry Goldwater famously told
the president because you Nixon was not
impeached Nixon resigned prior to
impeachment and he would have been
removed from office because Nixon
thought well I can't I'll never get the
two-thirds vote in the Senate but
Goldwater told him
no mr. president we we you don't have
the votes and and you don't have mine
and then that was the that was the hard
time that final blow of a session like
that today
yeah so you've laid out you think you
know if he were to do that that that
would cause problems for him we never
know what Donald Trump he is weathered
pretty much everything but he has said
that he might fire Muller for things
that Muller has already done so that
might well happen and he could well
pardon his entire family and himself and
I think that that is going to be an
interesting moment for every American in
politics outside of politics in media
outside of media where you have to ask
yourself what you stand for and what you
will allow are you going to hold our
politicians accountable for what they do
or are we going to lay down and just let
Trump and his inner circle do whatever
they want for the next three years and
we might well have to answer that
questions real quick in 15 seconds what
if a vodka doesn't want him depart and
Jarrett like if you imagine the power of
being able to pardon your son-in-law oh
my god she'd be like no yeah dad support
independent media come join us the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
