people working within the Donald Trump
White House understand the Trump is
pretty much a dangerous individual
because of his explosive temper and
erratic behavior but earlier this week
Newsweek reported that people within the
Trump administration are growing even
more afraid because according to people
that work in the White House White House
aides Donald Trump will not stop yelling
at his television and it's because of
all the coverage of the Trump jr.
meeting and all the cushion er stuff in
the manna for damico me and the Russia
and Trump's lawyer everything right now
is wall to wall basically negative about
Donald Trump with the exception of Fox
News and Donald Trump is so angry so
bitter that he can't control himself and
according to people in the White House
he is just screaming at the TV when he's
not rage tweeting what's interesting
about this is that Donald Trump is such
a thin-skinned little to borrow word
from the Republicans snowflake that he
cannot put his personal rage aside and
function as a human being could you
imagine what would happen if we got
reports like this from the Obama White
House was he screaming at the TV when
people like Donald Trump were saying
that he wasn't even born in the United
States that his birth certificate was
fake that he's from Kenya that he's a
Muslim that he's piling around with
terrorists could you imagine if Obama
behaved in this manner no he didn't you
know why because he was a grown up he
wasn't a man-child with the mentality of
a toddler angry that the commercials
came on in the middle of his favorite TV
show
Obama was an adult he was mature and
responsible he understood that people
didn't like him and were saying these
untrue things you know what he did he
ignored it he joked about it because he
didn't care you know somebody like him
has gone through his whole life you know
having a white mother and a black father
people picked on him you know it wasn't
easy
for him he put himself through law
school became president of the United
States he worked his way from the bottom
to the absolute top he took all the
slings and arrows along the way he
understands that she can't let every
little thing bother you or else you
never get anywhere in life meanwhile
Donald Trump a guy who's literally had
everything in his life handed to him
doesn't understand that he doesn't
understand what hard work and dedication
mean he doesn't understand how to just
let things go and focus on the task at
hand regardless of what the naysayers
are saying he doesn't get that and that
is just one of the very many reasons why
this man is ill-equipped and should not
be serving as president of the United
States furthermore for those people who
work in the White House to have to live
in a constant state of fear because they
don't know how Donald Trump's going to
respond at any given time to any given
news that is disgusting that is unfair
to those people yeah they chose those
jobs they might stay there but the job
market kind of sucks right now so you
can't really blame them for that
but they are living in fear they've
admitted they're living in fear and
that's what Donald Trump is and that's
what his disgusting unstable personality
is breeding within that White House
