hey guys especially all you blue lies
matter guys should these three police
officers in Baltimore lose their jobs
for literally planting drugs to frame a
suspect
yuh-huhhh now whether you think they
should be fired really doesn't matter
because not only was the officer not
fired he was called in as a witness on
another case just this past week after
this video had been released which has
to be the Baltimore way of saying have
you seen the wire Kidd is just good
police work McNulty there are two
reasons why we know this happened one
because body cams duh and two because
body cams just like dash cams start
recording 30 seconds before you click to
record effect this moron forgot about
which is why we have this perfect
montage to do just another day on the
job boys well let's sprinkle some crack
on them and get out of here wow what did
I just alright just walk away
walk away turn on the body cam all right
slowly walk back retrace your steps oh
this looks like a pile where there could
potentially be some crack cocaine hidden
in here hmm maybe it's in this
Campbell's soup container where I place
the crack cocaine in oh my God look at
him and look you might say this is just
one instance it's one bad apple but it's
a perfect microcosm of a broken system
because a person was jailed and held on
a 50-thousand dollar bond a price that
certainly could not be paid and that is
by design the police officer still
hasn't been fired the other two officers
that were complicit in this crime still
haven't been fired and that is also by
design and the prosecutors who are aware
of this officers wrongdoing are still
relying on his testimony on another case
and that is by design so at what point
do we hold police officers accountable
can we hold him accountable when they
gunned down yoga instructors while
responding to a call and we know of any
additional footage or witnesses who can
provide more information here's the
problem body cameras on both officers
were turned off the squad car camera was
turned off it we're the blue lives
matter folks right now does it matter
what the color of his skin is by the way
this is also an absolutely indefensible
situation if Muhammad nor gets away
scot-free after shooting the person who
made the call which happens all the time
by the way it'll only prove once
again that the system is broken and the
people who are supposed to hold them
accountable don't actually care by the
way the way this story's being reported
is very different than the way most
police shootings are reported and
there's got to be a weird reason for
that mmm wouldn't happen to do anything
with the ethnic background of the victim
versus the police officer involved in
the shooting right but look it doesn't
matter I demand justice and
accountability in this instance just
like the others and despite showing how
critical it would have been to have a
body cam footage in the case of the
Australian woman and how critical it has
been in the case of the Baltimore Police
Department body cam still remain a
controversial subject for some reason
wearing body cameras on the rest of it
is an insult to police officers what's
actually insulting is that you think
insane arguments like this are even
remotely persuasive and then another
argument is that body cams of Fringe
upon police officers privacy and that
private citizens in the work force don't
have to undergo constant surveillance
body cams are quickly becoming an
everyday tool for law enforcement
Congress Police Department is ordering
thousands but there have been concerns
raised about violations of privacy one
suburban police agency that concern is
now a reality
except this reality is a part of
everyday life for private citizens every
retail store has cameras almost every
workplace has cameras both to ensure the
protection of the workers and the
customers not to mention that if retail
store employees were killing an average
of 96 people every month as if it's a
part of their goddamn job description
you can be damn sure the public would be
demanding those gloves wear body cam and
I don't think anyone in this instance
would be pushing a retail lives matter
narrative or talking about how this is
just a few bad apples at Costco
we'd be questioning a system that allows
retail store employees to proceed with
this kind of killing rampage and demand
changes to that system that hypothetical
scenario might seem ridiculous to you
but it's actually in fact no different
than all of the police killings that we
report on every single week now look I'm
not an advocate for big brother-type
round-the-clock surveillance either and
I do believe that body cam footage could
potentially be abused but we take
necessary measures to ensure that police
officers are protected with proper
training and weapons and gear and
sometimes even have a tendency to go
overboard but for some reason we fail to
hold this public force tasked with
protecting citizens accountable when it
comes to actually protecting citizens
so if you are truly an advocate for
police lives as you say you should be
vocally against all of these instances
just like we are so I'm inviting you to
vocally protest all instances of police
shootings and also all instances of
police wrongdoing I'm Aslam piker please
share this video with your friends if
you think that the criminal justice
system needs more accountability don't
forget to follow me on instagram Anna
Sandeep Iker and on Twitter at us on the
hunt and this has been the breakdown
