this month thousands of people in
Arkansas will be the first to be thrown
off of Medicaid because of new work
requirements Arkansas removed more than
4,000 people from the Medicaid rolls
with some estimates saying that number
could climb to 50,000 when the
requirements are fully implemented
inside of one year from now we've got
some stats on how this came about of
those who lost coverage this month about
95 percent didn't file the necessary
documents with the state that led to
their removal from Medicaid though some
may have been working the required 80
hours a month so if you didn't get in
the documents it doesn't matter if you
were actually abided by the requirements
you are off and good luck getting back
on and we've got an associate director
of the Kaiser Family Foundation's a
program for Medicaid talking about how
this could have come about it seems that
the state is doing some outreach but a
lot of individuals still don't know
about the new requirements and are not
setting up their accounts so even if you
need the Medicaid and even if you're
doing the work and even if you would
fill out the paperwork does the
government have much of an incentive
really to let you know about that if the
if the driving ideology of Arkansas's
government is to attempt to destroy
Medicaid certainly inside of their
borders and hopefully be a part of that
nationwide perhaps them so maybe if you
had responsible government actually
trying to get the word out that people
have to to put in this paperwork to
continue to qualify maybe more of these
people would still have access to their
Medicaid know if there's a hiccup at all
of this entire process they're gonna
default to getting you off of Medicaid
that's that's what the idea is they're
trying to remove names from the rolls
and so yeah unless all your eyes are
dotted and T's are crossed they're gonna
they're gonna lose you in this process
they want to shake out as many people as
they can
yeah unfortunately this is part of a
trend that is already going to expand
soon and possibly more in the future
Indiana and New Hampshire are slated to
implement their Medicaid work
requirements next year and beneficiaries
in Indiana will have to work at least
eight months each year and an 80 hour a
month requirement will be gradually
phased in over an 18-month period you
know hopefully the the thing that you
need this Medicaid for is not something
that stops you from working for too long
because you might find yourself with
neither the job nor that New Hampshire
is going to require 100 hours a month
beginning in January and roly's who
don't meet the threshold for one
we'll have their comfort suspended okay
so there's two layers to this story
first they did the giant tax cuts for
the rich so they need to get the money
from somewhere so they're gonna get it
from you and so they're gonna take it
from the in this case you know the poor
the middle class etcetera so they're
gonna cut your Medicaid oo we don't have
any money yeah I know because you gave
two trillion dollars to the rich in tax
cuts so second of all it's their
ideology that people who require
government assistance at any point in
their lives are bums and so oh yeah you
prove you're not a bum and-and-and show
us that you work because they only
respect rich people Donald Trump said it
at a rally it's like you know I don't
like poor people on my in my government
or in my cabinet I only want rich people
because I need smart people ah they
can't stand you and and and then they
when you vote for them they think you're
the world's biggest sucker and where
does it hit first
Arkansas voted for Trump overwhelmingly
and he's hitting you first okay now the
second layer I would argue is even more
interesting
so the Chamber of Commerce is not for
reducing Medicaid now that's interesting
Chamber of Commerce represents big
business they wanted the giant tax cuts
so why don't they want to get it out of
the entitlements like some of the other
Republicans because they don't want to
pay for health insurance they don't want
to pay for benefits etc so what do they
do they pay you really low wages and
then they say go get the rest from the
government so they don't want the
government cutting off Medicaid because
it takes their costs down but they also
want to make sure that you have to go
work for them at low wages so they say
put in a work requirement so they must
work for us and we unload our cause onto
the American taxpayer now I'm not
theorizing that it's this story that we
covered a little while earlier when I
saw that the Chamber of Commerce's
position was no support Medicaid but
make sure people have to work for it I
was like oh that's the game that's being
played because you remember it then the
day the only thing that matters for
these you know corrupt politicians is
their donors and the Chamber of Commerce
represents the biggest donors in America
and
they want they want low wages that they
pay out and unload all the costs onto
you so this is exactly how they do it
yeah well I mean I think this is a
bigger part of like the overall problem
that we have with Republicans in health
care where you know on a base level
Republicans are saying if you want
health care go get it it's the free
market you should you know if you want
to get a job that pays it if you want it
through Medicaid you know get you work
80 hours a hundred hours a week but at
the same time they're saying insurance
company should be able to make all the
profits they want it's the free market
and those profits should come directly
from people who need that money the most
who need that help the most so when you
look at it from both sides all they're
doing is continually and repeating lis
repeatedly targeting people who are
disenfranchised who are who you know
people who are sick and that's where
they're stealing this money from like
you said to give it to the richest
people in America who don't have enough
apparently yeah III just can't help but
think it is i crashing lis ironic that
it's happening in these red states in
such a big way of course and you're
going to create a population already
struggling
that's outright destitute at the end of
all of this because the costs of health
care are so crippling that it's I mean
if you skip ahead on this in this film
to the end it's really grim they're
really playing with people's lives in
such an ugly way so so one last quick
thing about that later into today's show
we have another story about how a lot of
the people in the middle of the country
got killed by the housing crash more
than the coast the coast recovered it
and are now doing well but the middle of
the country got killed by it
at some point this has got to catch up
with the Republican Party I know that
people have voted against their own
interest for decades now but when your
prices are for your house is underwater
and you pay more for your mortgage than
your house is worth and you've got
sky-high insurance rates and you thought
it was gonna get better under Obama you
thought your housing situation was gonna
get better you thought your wages we're
gonna get better and they also went down
when you account for inflation and none
of this stuff got fixed well at a bare
minimum in
20:18 you're not gonna be excited to go
vote for them and by 2020 you might
realize you've been had you've been took
they took everything from you and they
never gave you anything it was all a big
trick and and the tax cuts went to the
rich they didn't go to you and your life
didn't improve you thought maybe your
problems were because of Obama what come
to find out no it's the powerful that
have been robbing you the whole time
yeah and and and it's it's true that the
rhetoric of the middle class and helping
the downtrodden during the rhetoric that
we heard so much of I mean that I think
they rallied around that's not gonna be
able to cut through the next time so
what Jenks saying is so true by by 2020
I don't know when it's gonna happen but
they just won't be able to rally around
rhetoric anymore their situations going
to become way too dire in fact it has
already begun that is why they are
withdrawing their ads about the tax cuts
because they're not not only not working
they're counterproductive people are
like I don't see it in my check I just
don't see it I know that you there was
two trillion dollars with the tax cuts
but if it's not in my check whose check
is it in exactly so that that bill is
already coming due right now it's only
gonna get worse and worse for the
Republicans so I conclude with
tick-tick-tick on the go don't worry we
got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
