lawmakers in Texas have been relentless
in regard to dismantling reproductive
rights in the state and if you can
recall earlier this week we covered a
story involving the teen abortion rate
in Texas and how it has actually
increased because of some of the anti
reproductive rights policies that
they've passed many clinics have shut
down and those clinics were providing
contraceptives and family planning to
young people and pretty much a lot of
women's throughout the state and since
they've been shut down women don't have
access and so the unwanted pregnancy
rate does go up while lawmakers in Texas
have decided that they will combat that
by essentially making abortion illegal
so this new legislation that's been
proposed would make providing an
abortion illegal except in a small
number of very specific circumstances
these include cases in which the the
abortion is necessary to prevent the
death of the mother or she is facing
imminent severe irreversible brain
damage or imminent severe irreversible
paralysis the same is true if the fetus
is not likely to survive has a serious
abnormality there could be exceptions
made in those cases however if the
pregnancy could lead to significant
psychological harm to the mother that
would not be considered one of the
exceptions so what the lawmakers would
do is essentially take a medical
professionals license away if he or she
performs an abortion in any case unless
it's under one of these very specific
circumstances okay so notably the bill
explicitly states that performing an
abortion due to any substantial risk to
the psychological condition of the
mother is prohibited also keep in mind
that the governor has been extremely
counterproductive in the state there was
a bipartisan effort that was actually
awesome that he decided to veto the
governor vetoed a bill that would have
maintained Texas's women's health
advisory committee which had bipartisan
support and help low-income women access
reproductive care that would help
prevent the need for abortions
that's the key what Anna just said is
the key they are taking away
reproductive education they're taking
away low-cost contraception they're
taking away the ways that prevent
abortion before a woman is even pregnant
and then they are forcing in essence the
pregnancy on a great on a societal level
to happen and then they're forcing women
now to have those babies and and more to
the point they're taking away a woman's
right to choose so you're taking away
that reproductive education and then
you're taking away the control of woman
has over her own body and also keep in
mind that Texas has passed legislation
that was considered unconstitutional by
the Supreme Court and I'm specifically
talking about anti reproductive rights
legislation about abortion action what
that works exactly like the hospital
admitting privileges for instance right
the Supreme Court struck that down said
it was unconstitutional right because I
wouldn't grant a admitting privileges to
anyone who performed an abortion so it's
already you're making abortion illegal
exactly but one thing to keep in mind is
that lawmakers are now emboldened by the
fact that Neil Gorsuch is a Supreme
Court justice and so if a case like this
makes it all the way to the Supreme
Court which it likely would if it was
passed as law in the state there is some
possibility that he would side with
these lawmakers and that that's why a
lot of people were really concerned
about what's going on right now the
loophole some some have written that the
loophole is because Roe versus Wade
allows certain situations in which
states can limit the amount of abortion
albeit not in the first trimester
they're trying to find every little bit
that they can because as it stands now
the law is not on the side of these
initiatives as proven by the Supreme
Court cases recently as 2016 and just
the legacy of Roe versus Wade it's not
on their side so they're doing
everything they can possible to get it
at the edges to undercut little elements
of it every way that they can and it
just I understand I respect any
initiative to change the world they're
trying to change the world but the
things that they're trying to change
about the world are unchangeable the
facts remain that if you
if you take away education about
preventive you know a contraception
contraceptive education if you get rid
of that it increases pregnancy rates
yeah and if you increase pregnancy rates
it increases the number of abortions
that's right in the state right now the
main solve here the the thing that
everyone agrees with you on is people
don't want to don't want to increase the
number of abortions we mentioned
yesterday there was one quote where the
someone involved in a lawsuit said that
these Pro these anti lifers are so in
love with abortion but no one's in love
with abortion everyone wants to limit
them as much as possible no one wants to
be involved in it that's like the last
case scenario worst-case scenario final
option but what they're doing is denying
the fact that if you educate people
don't know more and that's what we need
to do everyone wants to educate them
allow these practices there's a there's
a there's this new bill that they're
trying to get through in Wisconsin that
I read about where they're trying to
prevent state-funded universities from
teaching their intern doctors abortion
practices I can't like how like about
the procedure just teaching them that
the procedure exists it's all these
little tiny writings they're trying to
do when already not a dollar of federal
funding goes to abortion right there's
the Hyde Amendment which which prevents
taxpayer money going toward abortions
unless it's a very very very rare
circumstance you know the woman's been
raped or you know her life is in
jeopardy those are the very few
instances where some taxpayer money can
be used to cover some portion of an
abortion but one other thing I wanted to
mention because it's not just public
money that they target there they're
also targeting private money
so in this legislation that was just
proposed in Texas they're also trying to
ban private insurance companies from
covering abortion services in the state
okay just think about that for a second
so you pay your premiums for your health
insurance
and they're getting in between you and
your health insurance company and
essentially telling you and telling
those private insurers you can't cover
abortion why why you're really gonna
tell them what they can and can't cover
isn't it their business yeah this is the
party that wants government out of your
life yeah I mean they're so inventive
about the ways that they've tried to
restrict abortion in the state of Texas
and others but Texas has really been
there cutting edge and as you say
they've they've talked about the the
clinics and certain restrictions of a
clinic that they have to have a hospital
with hallways and all these things that
would make it impossible for a an
abortion clinic I mean little stuff like
that you think well that's such a a
miniscule thing but it prevents an
abortion clinic from staying open so
with them closing women in Texas are
having to go farther and farther and
farther to get it to exercise that right
and as you say it's a it's a grim right
that they're exercising it's not that's
not an excited Drive they're making too
you know oh boy let's go you know this
is a very difficult and emotional
procedure so it's a it's the saddest
news for a party that supposedly wants
to stay out of our lives if you like
this clip of The Young Turks you know
there's a whole live two-hour show 6 to
8 p.m. Eastern every day and you could
download it or stream in and watch it
without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm /join
