Donald Trump criticized many people
surrounding him during his interview
with the New York Times and he even had
some comments in regard to Muller and
Muller's investigation into possible
collusion with Russia now I want you
guys to hear what he had to say about
Muller and then I'm gonna give you some
additional details on this ongoing
investigation take a look I was looking
at your finances your family's finances
unrelated to Russia is that a red line
but that be a breach of what is actual
oh yeah I would say is by the way I was
saying I don't I don't everything's
possible this condo or something so you
know I sell a lot of kind of units and
somebody somebody from Russia by some
kind of who knows I don't make money
from Russia in fact I put out a letter
saying that I don't make from one of the
most highly respected law firms and
accounting firms he put out a letter
saying he doesn't take money from Russia
I mean it must be true I mean if you put
out a letter saying that you're not
doing something it must be true must be
true so he said that Muller looking into
his family's business dealings and
business transactions would be a red
line well Muller has decided to cross
that red line and I love it because this
is something that has bothered me not
only in regard to what's going on with
Russia but just the number of conflicts
of interests that take place or exist
within this administration have
concerned me and it seemed as though no
one was paying attention no one cared
and the thought of someone using public
office to line their pockets and funnel
money into their businesses look we all
know that there's severe corruption
going on but he takes it to another
level it's incredible because the
corruption that we currently have in
this country that has been legalized
isn't good enough for him you need to
take it further
so I love that this investigation is you
know broadening in scope and so a single
anonymous source familiar with this
probe told Bloomberg that federal
investigators are now interested in
financial dealings involving Trump his
son-in-law and White House adviser Jared
Kushner Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross
and his former campaign chairman Paul
Manafort and so they are
typically looking at a number of things
actually
Russian purchases of apartments in Trump
buildings that's the reason why Trump
decided to mention the fact that oh
maybe possibly I sold some condos to
Russians who knows I sell a lot of
condos trump's involvement in a
controversial soho development with
russian associates 2013 Miss Universe
pageant in Moscow Trump's sale of a
Florida mansion to a Russian oligarch in
2008 so these are all issues that Muller
is now looking in into and he does not
seem deterred by Donald Trump's
statements the New York Times this is an
administration awash in conflict right
you can't even stay at the Trump Hotel a
stone's throw from the White House and
be helping the Trump Organization in
that way and that's not just a theory
that's what's happened since he took
office in fact most foreign dignitaries
and their attache Xand and entourages
they stay in that Trump Hotel why
because why stay at the Mandarin
Oriental when you can stay at the Trump
Hotel and say yeah we had a great stay
out of your hotel last night I mean that
that's happening and it's not happening
in small numbers it's been a boon to
that hotel
but his conflicts as far as the
real-estate Empire concern are really
remarkable because that's where you can
launder money and it's an it's it's a
good old-fashioned way to launder money
where a lot of money is paid in excess
of whatever the appraised value of a
property might be and that's a way now
that you're giving somebody money and
also laundering money I think don't even
get me started on that mark don't get me
started on that because think about it
okay
I like I've been following you know
foreign investments into US properties
because of how insane the housing market
is right and it drives me nuts because
yeah they do it to launder money and so
if they're spending over market value
for properties what do you think that
happens to the rest of the market the
rest of the market is artificially
inflated right and so people hardworking
Americans you know America first because
that's when he really cares about are
unable to afford home
in places where homes used to be pretty
affordable that's what's happening right
now and it's because of his cronies it's
because of Jared Kushner and his family
traveling to China and encouraging
people to invest a quarter million
dollars or more in their properties so
they can get the golden visa and their
you know their ticket to America like
that's the stuff that should infuriate
his base the only thing that is good
about what's happening is that it's also
ham-fisted there's it's all clunky it's
all noticeable I mean there there's no
elegance to the Trump con and by the way
there is no elegance though to the Trump
con to become president the United
States and that's one of the reasons I
didn't think whatever happened it just
seems so clunky but in the investigation
of a conflict of interest there's that
same clunkiness and I think ultimately
there's gonna be a lot revealed here I
think Jared Kushner and his associates
will may be the first to be exposed
possibly possibly but you know they're
clunkiness I think is a symptom of being
brought up in a country where if you
have certain resources you're above the
law right you don't have to answer to
anyone you don't face the same
consequences that most average Americans
have to face and so yeah why wouldn't
they be transparent and an incredibly
obvious about their shady dealings if
all they've ever known is being above
the law yeah that's a great point they
really have never had to answer to the
law because of that strata of society
but also the real estate world is filled
with this kind of thing their payoffs
and all kinds of deals in the real
estate world you can imagine a real
estate deal of hundreds of millions of
dollars has this to the nth degree so
they're really used to this kind of
thing and then when something's found as
ana says they just you know they just
have like oh oh yeah I did me with that
Russian guy that one time yeah oh that
the two times over the Russian guy and
there was one other guy there I mean and
then that can under it there are three
other guys there but I mean and it
continues but they just you're used to
answering after the fact I think they
bring a lot of that real estate world
where anything goes I think they bring a
lot of that to the presidency so I I
really want to comment I guess compare
and contrast two different components of
the Russian story right because I think
a lot of people are from
straighted that often times when you
hear from Democrats establishment
Democrats they're hyper focused and
hyper obsessed with the DNC emails right
and so when we talk about collusion you
know the first thing that some
establishment Democrats go to is oh yeah
the DNC emails and look that's bad okay
I agree that's bad but for me what's
much more concerning are the business
dealings right that's where I want the
focus to be that's where I want you know
the FBI's resources to go and I want to
find out if there were you know
pay-to-play situations going on if there
were some financial dealings happening
you know in order to persuade Trump to
do certain things or if Trump is helping
foreign foreigners launder launder money
in his properties like that's
unacceptable anyone else anyone else who
does that which face consequences so for
me that's the real issue
again the DNC stuff the emails yeah
whatever it's bad
they almost look great by comparison
this is much worse and so if Democrats
genuinely care about messaging and it
seems like they don't they seem more
obsessed with the fact that you know
Trump won and Hillary lost but if they
genuinely care about justice and making
sure that you hold Trump's feet to the
fire this is where your messaging should
be this is where you should be focusing
and ensuring that some form of justice
gets carried out yeah no I think it's I
think the conflict of interest thing
also is a different way to message and
would be a smart way to message because
the Russia thing people are burning out
on on some level they're not really
focusing and distinguishing what part of
the Russia investigation is what and I
also think that the right-wing media and
they do a good job in this country
that's all talk radio and that's Fox
News Channel and all the rest they do a
good job of ignoring the Russia thing
they put it all in the same category so
that changes in the Russia story are not
really represented to an entire audience
now that audience might be lost anyway
they might not you know but but I think
it's it's a clever idea to change the
messaging so we're talking about
conflict of interest conflict of
interest we're talking about how these
screws Americans over right instead of
focusing on how it screwed the Democrats
over because let me tell you
something you're not gonna convince
members of his base to switch over and
support Democrats by saying oh we didn't
like what happened with Russia because
of what happened to the poor Democrats
they don't care but what they do care
about is how this impacts their
day-to-day lives how it is that someone
that they elected actually isn't
interested in representing them but is
interested in you know using his you
know business ventures or whatever to
profit as much as humanly possible
yeah and the other thing that the
Democrats could do is get off of their
jihad about getting those voters over
you probably aren't going to get a lot
of them and get back to representing the
people I mean you can really be a party
of the people right now there's an
opportunity here a political opportunity
that can be exploited but I think
Democrats are still slow to that party
as well help us build independent media
together TYT Network comm /join
