a Baltimore police officer is suspended
and is also facing an investigation
after he accidentally filmed himself
planting drugs or at least it appears
that he's planting drugs the
investigation will determine whether or
not he did so intentionally so I want to
show you guys the video very quickly
there's no sound but you can kind of pay
attention to him going to the scene of
where he alleged to have found the drugs
so he walks away from the scene
this is after he planted the drugs it
was a baggie full of pills that had
heroin now he's turning it off ya know
now he thinks he's turning it off yeah
so he didn't realize the camera was
already on when he planted the drugs now
he's going back to the scene where he
planted the drugs to pretend like he
found it not here at least he takes a
little bit of time to pretend like he
you know doesn't know where the drugs
are yeah right exactly he's rehearse
this and it is baggages so those were
capsules that were filled with heroin
and luckily he did get caught and it's
because of his own negligence he didn't
realize that he was filming himself
planting the drugs the public defender's
office identified the officer handling
the drugs in the video as Richard Panero
and complained that he was a witness and
dozens of other active cases and that's
really you know something that should
concern everyone because there are a
number of other cases where he claims to
have you know found contraband or found
drugs or illicit things and so these
cases are now really going to be brought
to question because of you know his lack
of credibility here and it hurts police
work that's being done on the streets
every day right and just his
police violence hurts all the good cops
and in this particular instance one
officers been suspended
two officers have been placed on
administrative duty while they look at
this but point it's pretty clear what's
going on here right so the two cops that
were placed on administrative duty were
the cops who were present as this was
happening and so if they were complicit
in what happened I think they should be
suspended as well I mean that means that
they're totally okay with this type you
are planting drugs which will
potentially ruin the life of an innocent
person right and and just so incredibly
stupid so stupid and so yeah look I I
hope that the investigation you know
tries to get to the bottom of what's
going on but the the lawyer who's
representing him is trying to make the
case that maybe he didn't plant drugs
maybe he was just trying to show you
know police work in action like what it
was like when he discovered what that's
not even a good defense but I don't know
we'll see they're gonna do the
investigation and well we're throwing up
everything against the wall to see what
sticks for sure when they come for that
one right this tactic is age-old is I
assume everyone would know
comedians talk about it in joking ways I
go oh please drop some drugs and he's
always sprinkles and crack on him as
Dave Chappelle said years ago and it was
just haha funny but it's been happening
for so long and then people are supposed
to be pacified by oh we're gonna give
body cameras and an accountability and
if we do that police are gonna now we're
gonna see everything if they're really
doing and as we see even in manipulating
the body camera footage you then go I
think I turned it off so the way I don't
know if you explained it full of the way
it works with he thought it was off yes
because he turned it off but there's
apparently a 30-second buffer where it
records what happened 30 seconds before
or keeps a loop so when you turn it back
on it still kept the 30 seconds previous
so it kept what he did I don't know why
there's buttons on the body cam footage
that's supposed to make sure that
there's accountability if they can just
turn it off and on I agree with every
other case they go oh our dash cameras
off our body cameras off
but someone ended up dead
three that I agree with you I agreed
with it
look I agree that when you give them the
ability to turn them on and off like of
course you're gonna have instances of
abuse but someone actually a columnist
brought up a really really great point
about body cameras and I think the
reason why it's important to have that
feature is because let's say a woman has
just or anyone has just been sexually
assaulted or abused in any way and they
don't want to be on camera right they
call the cops and they feel
uncomfortable being on camera and so I
think having that option is is important
and it's good but I think that there
should be heavy scrutiny when there's a
cop related shooting of an unarmed
person and oh what a co-inky-dink the
dashcam camera wasn't working or the
dashcam wasn't working and my my body
cam wasn't working either I mean that
seems very to be feeling better about
this I remember what happened on this
show we Jake and I were talking about
how okay well Lisa is gonna be the kind
of Billy I feel better people who know
how these things happen know that we
weren't gonna feel better about this
it's just it's it's there's too much
evidence and too much previous bad
intent that's built up for people to
believe that that's not gonna happen the
way we're seeing it happen but even
after we see it happen we're still gonna
go well it was just him what about those
two cops standing there did it look very
startling to them you didn't see one of
their hand gestures go what are you
doing yeah oh yeah dozens of other cases
these bet on how many other cops have
watched this it's no such thing as a
couple of bad apples I'm gonna just just
put it out there for them to keep seeing
this happen and go oh it's just body cam
footage you can turn it off and on why
give him that option it's tiresome
I am also tortured by the sexual abuse
part of the body cam situation but
having said that and I'll get to maybe a
solution for that in a second I think
it's got to be on all the time uh and by
the way it could be an innocent thing
you know that they forget to turn the
body cam on I mean so it's not always
that they're trying to that they're up
to something to various and I'm
wondering in the case of a sexual abuse
situation where they can call in or you
know quickly the way you get a warning a
warrant over the phone
over there over the radio real quickly
and they could get some kind of special
approval to turn the camera off I think
that's what the category they asked to
fall into it's too valuable I think and
I know jr. that it's going on all the
time but this body cam does represent at
least a chance to keep cops on us and
also to help cops out in situations
where they say no no no no the guy was
charging at me now whatever it may be
yeah I know I think you know if you are
a cop with good intentions and there are
plenty of them out there
I mean having that evidence on you to
prove that you didn't do anything
nefarious is is important so you know
but I do really quickly want to touch on
what you said Junior because again I
totally agree with you it's not just the
cop that was planning the evidence the
planning the drugs it was also the two
cops with him who were just totally okay
with what was going on they are on
administrative leave or whatever right
or administrative duty they haven't even
been suspended and so that kind of sends
the message that they're probably not
gonna face any serious consequences for
this and I think they should you're
messing with innocent people's lives
especially in this crazy culture where
drug use is criminalized and we have
these insane draconian Eunos sentences
for drug abusers like it's insane and
even if you look at it as well they're
not an innocent person they're trying to
they planted this to tag another guy who
was a known drug dealer I get it but tag
in with the stuff that is actual
evidence against him do a real
investigative work and catch him doing
something illegal I mean the case by the
way this was so just totally
counterproductive because the case has
been completely dropped against the
person that they're planning the
evidence again and it should be what it
should be you can't plant evidence
helped us build independent media become
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
