the EPA and members of Congress are
fighting tooth and nail to deregulate
any policy in regard to the environment
now that was one of the first things
that Trump did as soon as he got
inaugurated it was very clear that they
did we're not in favor of some of the
environmental policy that President
Obama had championed but they're going
even further so I want to give you the
details on that so next month the EPA is
planning to make final delays to a
handful of regulations that it plans to
either revise or repeal standards for
water pollution from power plants
methane pollution limits for landfills
and also methane limits for oil and gas
drilling now these are very friendly
moves toward the oil and gas companies
and of course these oil and gas
companies fund these politicians
handsomely and so in the Interior
Department the administration said it
plans to publish formal proposals this
month to repeal two contentious Obama
rules I don't know why they're
contentious or not yeah one is
regulating fracking on federal land and
one regarding methane emissions from oil
and gas drilling on federal land the
only people who feel like these
regulations are contentious are the
companies that are profiting off of
polluting our environment I think most
American people understand the
importance of protecting our environment
unless they're working in these
industries themselves and so look it's
it's sad news and just when you think
they're finally gonna leave some of the
regulations in place maybe they go even
further so and these are protections for
water and air and land that needs to be
protected so this is one of the most
disturbing things about Donald Trump
when people talk about his legislative
agenda not really being served and him
not really getting a whole lot done as
his administration gets the six-month
mark and all this sort of thing he's
actually gotten a lot of stuff done this
way through executive order and he's
taken aim on the environment because
he's been able to do it quickly and as
Anna says in service of all these huge
companies that stand to gain so much and
by the way these are not all American
companies either if you if even if you
just care about the bottom
but as far as I'm concerned our bottom
line should be the land the water and
the air it desperately needs protection
this is not a partisan issue but it has
become a partisan issue this should be
bipartisan because that water I don't
know we breathe the air we all you know
depend on the environment being safe and
sound and and healthy for us to live in
that clean water rule I think it affects
seventeen million or maybe the number 70
million Americans I mean it's it's as
you say it's a lot of people of
breathing that air and and drinking that
water but again the reason they went
after it is because Obama's name is on
it and Trump wants to undo anything that
has Obama's name on it and it's sadly
going to be the environment help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
