hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt former Trump campaign Chairman
Paul Manafort became the latest in an
ever-growing string of Trump employees
and aides and friends and people in his
orbit to plead guilty to federal charges
today and also the latest to enter into
a cooperation agreement with the special
counsel he fled guilty to one count of
conspiracy against the US and one count
of conspiracy to obstruct justice due to
attempts to tamper with witnesses it's
weird that he pled guilty to that second
one because I keep hearing the
conspiracy to obstruct justice isn't a
real thing we shouldn't I should worry
about it so that's a couple of extra
charges of course in the first trial
that he'd already gone through less than
a month ago I believe there were nine
charges that he was found guilty of then
so we've passed 10 now and this is by
his own admission as a result of that he
will not face five additional charges
that he would have faced if his second
trial which had been planned to begin in
the next couple of weeks would have gone
through thanks to this deal that will
not happen but in addition prosecutor
Andrew Weissman told the judge that
metaphores plea agreement with Muller's
team is a cooperation agreement and
other charges will be dropped the scope
of the cooperation was not immediately
clear we've learned a little bit since
then but not a ton really we do have
video of trumps attorney as of today
which will roll now
wanted to make sure that you spent
safe and
live a good life responsibility
so there's two interesting things that
you might have noted in there the the
last part is this is conduct the dates
back many years and as we all know
crimes don't matter if they were before
but still always should be looking
forward now looking back the other thing
is I don't know if you noticed but he
said he wants his family to stay safe
yes what is that about he knows what
he's doing by dropping something like
that wrapping him these guys strap
themselves in family all the time family
and the flag or whatever and what was
odd to me about man apart is his
daughter has come out remember she's
come out and called him a monster and
she wanna she was really quite vocal
about the fact that that she thought he
was guilty and she thought the way he
did business was sleazy she's been so
outspoken about it there just a nod so
he said family that's right where am i
that's super interesting cuz we all had
a slightly different taking on that I
thought he was saying like now that I'm
cooperating with Muller and partly
against the Russians I'd like to make
sure that my family's safe so there's
that too yeah I mean that's also a
possibility but but let's get to the
heart of the issue
now that mana Ford has pled guilty count
down to Donald Trump saying you know
flipping should be illegal it ought to
be like it should we should think about
making it illegal
flipping a there's another word for it
cooperating with law enforcement that is
this literally what Trump said earlier
he thinks that perhaps cooperating with
law enforcement should be illegal
why don't we slide he's on cops or
robbers we have a little bit of that
comment we don't the full thing but
here's a little bit of Donald Trump
talking about what he knows about
flipping one of the reasons I respect
for man afford so much is he went
through that trial you know they make up
stories people make up stories this
whole thing about flipping they call it
I know all about flipping are you
considering pardoning Paul Manafort I
have great respect for what he's done in
terms of what he's gone through that's
the thing now that he's cooperating the
question is could he potentially pardon
him he could potentially pardon him I
saw something in a Vox article there's a
sentence I actually tweeted out it was
pardoning is now off the table because
the president
would never do something that would be
seen as so brazenly self-serving and I
thought somebody just woke up like that
meme of a guy waking up from a coma and
the nurses you know he's like did I miss
anything well Trump as president well
there's no way he'd pardon
you know himself everyone s negation and
all of his associates yeah yeah yeah and
so in that in the longer version of that
clip he talks about flipping much maybe
should be illegal
he's known people that have had people
flip against them for the last 30 40
years which again makes you go hmm or
the people you know how many Mafia
bosses do you know that this was an
issue for but look we don't have the
soundboard today but yes one more time
down goes man afford down goes man
afford but the most important part and
the question we asked yesterday is to
what is degrees he cooperating with
prosecutors
is this a plea deal just saying okay you
guys got me I'm not gonna go through
trial I'm gonna save a million dollars
because he's already spent a million
dollars in legal defense and he would
probably spend another million to go
through a second trial and just okay
throw the book at me but not quite as
much because I'm playing to a deal or no
I'm gonna give you everything I got okay
and and it appears for now and I'll tell
you the marker that you'll be able to
tell for yourself which way it's going
in in just a little bit but it appears
for now that he is fully cooperating
with prosecutors
so tick tick tick tick and so as is now
the reason I'm gonna quote Dershowitz
here who I have no respect for at all is
because he has been going around
pretending to be Donald Trump's run on
TV even though Trump never hired him
it's like brazenly begging for a job
it's one of the saddest things I've ever
seen
but he is in full-tilt defense of Donald
Trump and he is today but even
Dershowitz went on TV and said there is
no half cooperation know the prosecutors
only give you a deal if there is full
cooperation and here's an important part
once you begin talking there is no
undoing that talk because you've already
given the evidence of the prosecutors
Wow
so if the pardons gonna come it's got to
come right now cuz he's in mid song
right and so if it doesn't come right
now and then the prosecutors come out
and say we have gotten good cooperation
for man afford that means that Trump is
likely screwed now that Trump is okay if
he well not okay he's gonna have other
issues but if he goes
pardon right now right now partner he's
fine he's fine he's fine a pardon pardon
what do you mean right he's got to do
that or the evidence comes out and the
prosecutors heaven they could use it
later even if there is a pardon and then
secondarily if prosecutors come out and
say this was not full cooperation and
the judges has told them you have to
come back and tell me did he fully
cooperate or did he not fully cooperate
and accordingly we will sentence him
okay so if prosecutors come out and go
not full cooperation that means he did
not flip on Trump and he'll get a little
less of a sentence for not going through
the trial if they came out come out and
say full cooperation that means he
flipped yeah and and the weird thing
also to hear Trump kind of try to
continue to message as he does where
these facts are made up and you know
what they'll do they'll make stuff up on
you you know this trial as it was
prosecuted by a man afford I mean I
don't mean it literally I'm talking
about as he put together his defense
it's not like one 800 attorney is in
there defending this guy he's got
tremendous resources and so when he sees
that there's no light at the end of this
tunnel and that he has to make this
chain he's not seeing a bunch of stuff
that's made up and can be knocked out in
a court of law because as I say he has
you know some of the best legal minds
that he can put together working on that
team he sees those those are real facts
that are going to be as damning as can
be and he'll never see the light of day
from prison so that's why he has to take
the deal yeah gates flipped on him his
longtime associate and it's not a life
thing to plead guilty to these terrible
charges now ten in total by including
conspiracy against the US and I'm
curious to see if Trump's gonna double
down on flipping should be illegal
because if he says you should not
cooperate with law enforcement as they
unearth a conspiracy
the United States of America I mean
that's a hell of a moment and we've had
a lot of those moments but that at my
top amol that's a great point though
it's not just money laundering and tax
evasion and I think you're right because
I think I was focused on the money
laundering tax evasion and I in the in
the lights I may have lost that specific
charge you're at you're at you're
absolutely right this is a it's it's
very serious and and and his toxicity is
now it seems most definitely gonna leak
out on to Trump yeah and it's difficult
to know exactly what he would have when
it comes to you know Trump's lawyer is
cooperating
especially longtime lawyers it makes a
little bit more say like Cohen like has
been with him for a long time involved
in a lot of deal deals but in terms of
Paul Manafort one area that he probably
would know quite a bit about is the
meeting in Trump Tower he probably would
know when Trump knew about it you know
how involved was he and setting it up
and communicating afterward and all of
that so we could potentially find out
more about that so there's a couple
possibilities Trump Towers of course at
the top of the list because he was in
that meeting and there's we already know
that there was a number of lies that
Donald Trump jr. and Donald Trump told
about that that that is now a public
record he's they first said it was about
adoption then they said yes sorry were
just kidding it wasn't about adoption it
was about the Russian oligarchs trying
to get out of sanctions in return for
dirt on Hillary Clinton then they said
they didn't get any dirt now is that
true or not true then Donald Trump said
oh I didn't write this statement saying
that it was just about adoption now they
had to admit yes Donald Trump did
dictate this statement that lied about
what the meeting was about so it reaches
the president and then there was talk of
whether Donald Trump was made aware of
the meeting which would then link him to
the collusion and so those are all the
things that stake in the Trump Tower I
think there's an another larger issue
but go ahead John well it's just that
that one thing that you said is what
they have said that we didn't get any
dirt which could end up being just a
clever way to message around that they
didn't need to get the dirt they didn't
release the dirt but the dirt was
released and it's possible if the
communication was about coordinating
when that should happen because remember
those things started coming out within a
couple of hours of the National than on
the National Enquirer the the Billy Bush
tape
all of that so certainly somebody was
waiting to spring it we might not have
had any conversations but if they did it
didn't necessarily have to involve them
getting the dirt so he could be
technically true but also lying Oh John
that is such a great point I don't know
why I haven't thought of that all along
because they don't have to receive the
dirt at all the Russians released it to
everyone so in essence the Trump team
received it as well as the entire public
which is the whole point but what they
could have just discussed in that
meeting is if we win we'll look out for
you you guys release what you have on
Hillary Clinton now and they did they
released it after the Trump Tower
meeting so and then they get to say in a
lawyerly way we did not receive that
information in that meeting so and it is
all speculation obviously but Paul
Manafort might know well that's
something I totally don't understand
about how the Trump campaign you know
Trevor trumpet is an administration are
talking about the meeting and the idea
of collusion is if they came out and
said we colluded with Russia to win the
election Republicans would you say great
that stopped Hillary Clinton from being
president she's a threat to the United
States and it's a good thing that you
did so I kind of I still honestly don't
understand why there's this you know
like like tiptoeing around language and
then this shifting story I feel like
they could honestly just come out and
maybe like you know at best I'm guessing
maybe it's a calculated risk of their
not doing it but all of this just sort
of it doesn't make a lot of sense to me
know Jules they need a fig leaf because
I think you're right about the substance
of it the Republicans are like yeah we
won and the Russians help us who cares
right that's my sense of the politics of
the moment but they need a fig leaf
because it's illegal so you can't just
come out and go yeah I work with a
foreign country during our elections and
I took valuable information from them
which breaks all campaign finance laws
what are you gonna do hashtag suck it no
you can't do that right that's why they
needs to pretend Wow yeah we didn't
technically get the information and so
that all the Republicans like Mitch
McConnell gonna go good enough they
didn't technically get the information
oh no I I think the Trump is well within
the realm of tweeting out hashtag Sukkot
yeah
hashtag haters of losers yeah but one
other thing look man afford might have
information on that as we just discussed
might be super super relevant to the to
that law breaking that the Trump
campaign might have participated in but
the other thing you'd have information
is about Russia's in general and what I
mean by in general is this guy is deep
ties to pro-russian forces in Ukraine
and to the Russian oligarchs now if the
Russian oligarchs made deals with Trump
either connected or not connected to
mana fort could mana fort know it so and
metaphor is an expert in
money-laundering that's why it's in this
world of trouble
some of us suspect that Trump did money
laundering with the Russians
so could mana fort know that now again
we're not sure now because we don't have
the direct evidence of what mana fort
knows but the prosecutors are about to
so take take take take take take take
take
so either Trump is in a lot of trouble
or it's game over
Wow and just a circle back around just I
guess I technically have to say this in
response to all of this Sarah Huckabee
Sanders says this has absolutely nothing
to do with the President or is
victorious 2016 presidential campaign
it is totally unrelated thank you Sarah
for not meditating how many electoral
college votes you got and then just one
little interesting thing just cuz Jerry
pointed this out to me and it is a
little bit weird Rudy Giuliani put out a
statement once again an investigation
has concluded with a plea having nothing
to do with President Trump with the
Trump campaign the reason the President
did nothing wrong but it's interesting
that was not the first draft of that
statement that's the second draft in the
first draft he said the president hasn't
done anything wrong and Paul Manafort
will tell the truth but then they took
that back took out Paul mana for telling
the truth and released this new one so
have fun over the weekend watching to
see if he pardons appalled metaphor but
if he doesn't he might drop a piano on
Polman least in terms of hashtag Sukkot
they're so clunky and reckless like that
kind of like to release a draft and then
to you know somehow edit it and then
re-release it I mean it's just
everything this administration does even
on policy their stuff is clunky I mean
from the very first weekend they were
screwing up everything to do with
sound policy what they consider with
sound policy yeah and you know metaphor
it is they're taking a bunch of its
residents away aren't they there then
he's losing a bunch of these very
expensive homes and residences he has
and so when when Trump refers to the
cost of the prosecutor to special
counsel actually not prosecutor but
special counsel Muller this these
acquisitions by the federal government
just taking the mana for properties pays
for that entire investigation so Manta
Ford is it's only the beginning of this
man afford thing and what jank points to
I think you know he could just be the
the pinata you know of criminal acts
that this Trump organization is part of
that's gonna flow out when Weller head
said so last couple of things here you
guys are absolutely right about the
Giuliani statement Giuliani he says now
a matter of force is gonna tell the
truth and that will assure that Trump
didn't do it he goes and talks to Trump
he's like yeah I think that bad think
about that think about this right yeah
now let's take that part out okay and
then finally to just give you a sense of
why I said the thing earlier by game
over what the range of options were
earlier the range of options are and and
I said this on air because I wasn't sure
at all that mana fort
might have done illegal things having
nothing to a truck so if they had
nothing to do with Trump II to have no
evidence untrue that option is almost
eliminated because prosecutors accepted
the deal they would not accept a deal if
Manta forts got nothing on no one else
so that you know that's hanging on by a
read 1% 5% chance that Manta Ford comes
in and goes okay okay I mean it was just
me and I'm super bad guy you didn't know
how bad I was now I'll tell you how bad
I am but not connect to anyone to like
wow that's so bad okay fine I'll give
you a plea deal bad very unlikely again
even dirtier says very unlikely so that
that option is almost eliminated that
only leaves you two options one is he at
least knows about Trump Tower in which
case Trump's in a lot of trouble if that
the the Trump knew about it and that
deal was go ahead and release the
Hillary Clinton emails in exchange for
god knows what and that's an important
very very important part by the way
receiving
information of information that is of
value is against campaign finance laws
from a foreign government it's illegal
and a huge problem for Trump
maybe he survives that as Jules said in
a political fight in an impeachment
issue but if they promise something in
return whether it's technically treason
or not the politics of that is a hey I
will give you something that the Russian
government wants at the cost of the
United States government and and
citizens you don't win that political
battle so if madam port has that
information on what the Russians wanted
backed oh boy that's good night Irene
- and then there's the money laundering
and that's a bigger if if he knows stuff
about Trump's money laundering that's
absolute game over
so that's your range and it ain't a good
range for Donald Trump so one more time
tick-tick-tick tick-tick-tick the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more Tea Party
content at TYT com / app
