this fall China is going to hold its
Communist Party Congress and in advance
of that they're cracking down on online
criticism of the President Xi Jinping
very particular sort of criticism
actually though there's not the first
time they've done it they are cracking
down on winnie-the-pooh memes so let's
show some of these pictures you're gonna
see a very famous one from a couple of
years ago of the President and Barack
Obama look there's a little bit of a
similarity there so good if you don't
see that in the bottom right you're
gonna see that's a social media site
from uh China but on the next one again
you can sort of see what they're going
for and then the third one yeah but
apparently they don't like that they
think that that's disrespectful and
China has a very burgeoning rapidly
growing social media sort of presence
memes like this are becoming bigger and
bigger and they just think that it
doesn't add to national harmony to be
calling the present Winnie the Pooh you
know that you're not living in a free
country when the in hand I'm afraid what
this says about America but when you
start changing the laws because of the
ego of the leader so the same thing
happens in Turkey where if you know if
someone insults erawan sometimes even in
a different country remember when he got
all worked up about the guy in germany
comedian in germany salting him or they
went crazy over the protests in the US
when he was here yeah and and so and
then in Thailand if you insult the king
and get 15 years in prison
dude huh take a load off man yeah relax
a little bit let somebody make a little
bit of fun with this is not going to
devolve in China you don't worry you
still get to rule the country well why
don't we test it because I know you you
generate a few yeah there's a couple the
Hundred Acre Wood is full of characters
that are similar to world leaders for
example Angela Merkel will bear out
rabbit is like the Russia level with you
and in addition to being friendly wise
wise
speaking of wise this one just like be
the owl King Salman of Saudi Arabia look
at the outfit is the exact same it's the
exact same and then finally piglet yeah
Brad that'll get you banned in North
Korea and you were here you couldn't buy
a beer in North my computer got
kidnapped in North Korea well apparently
they also online to compare blot Amir
Putin to Dobby from Harry Potter Wow
Teresa made a Cruella De Vil and Donald
Trump to just about everybody by the way
I would love to see that's a lie I would
love to see that depiction of him go now
I don't know him do we make that it's
amazing yeah well here's what's not
gonna happen
this clip being shown in China elbows
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network calm
slash join
