under Rex Tillerson the State Department
might be taking a big step back from two
of its traditional responsibilities and
priorities now the first area is
something that's not not particularly
relevant these days cybersecurity I
don't know if anybody's familiar with it
but they both lost a high-ranking
executive and this might not be the end
of their losses in that area
Christopher painter the Trump
administration's top cyber diplomat is
gonna be leaving the State Department at
the end of the month and there's a lot
of positive commentary about Christopher
painter coming out of the State
Department
Jason Healy Columbia University senior
cyber researcher says Chris has been a
tireless defender of American interests
in cyberspace flying hundreds of
thousands of miles a year to push our
views of freedom online now that by
itself is you possibly might harm the
State Department's ability to can
conduct cyber diplomacy but people go
into their jobs people leave their jobs
but as I said it might not be the end of
it Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is
considering closing the Cyber office or
merging it with another office in
downgrading the cyber coordinators rank
according to a source familiar with
internal planning the source added that
Tillerson was also considering quote
limiting the number of people who work
on cyber security at state it's clear
they're thinking about reorganizing it
the source said clearly they don't think
it's that important yeah I would think
that right now is the time when it's
important so look sometimes the US
government way overreaches on these
issues and under the guise of
cybersecurity they actually do entry
intrusions on our privacy let alone but
world leaders and all the things that
we've just kind of discovered that the
u.s. is doing and world leaders spying
on them I have actually both under Bush
and Obama Trump I get it that's part of
spying and I actually defend them on
that to a large degree but spying on a
innocent US citizens I'm not in favor of
this on the other hand is a different
matter so at a moment where everyone is
concerned oh my god a foreign country
that is not an ally might have meddled
in our elections and the part of the
story that doesn't get enough coverage
everything else gets plenty of
but the one that doesn't is that they
didn't try to get voter information and
and from in a couple of instances they
succeeded that doesn't mean that they
have to vote but if they at least got
voter info and there are perilously
close to actually hacking the vote and
then Trump proposes to do a
cybersecurity joint effort partnership
with Russia that's mental those are the
guys who are just hacking and not only
got the DNC emails apparently based on
our top intelligence agencies but also
again potentially going after our vote
those are the very last guys you were
doing cybersecurity with now that was so
preposterous on his face that even the
Republican senators were like are you
mental we're not of course we're not
gonna do that he said oh yeah I was just
kidding I didn't mean that right and
right afterwards Rex Tillerson former
CEO of ExxonMobil
who had to deal with the Russians the
first place a half a trillion dollar
deal on oil exploration that the
sanctions affected then comes on goes
cybersecurity okay now that we can't
partner up with Russia to give them
access to all of our information maybe
we just don't do any cybersecurity so
it's not to end all of our cybersecurity
programs across the government but in
what Rex those who can control the State
Department it's like let's power down on
that security stuff fold it into other
parts of the apparatus like I don't
think the decision to reorganize any
given Department implies that they're
not taking it seriously I just think
that in every other context like a
shake-up yes if you coupled that with it
and you say this we're reorganizing this
part of it and we have a plan moving
forward and it is this or we have this
person that we're dying to replace it
that's one thing but this does seem like
it's like let's just fold it into this
other arm and put it over here and then
never talk about it again there is no
follow-up statement about why they're
doing it how they're doing it just seems
to be unfolding yeah yeah from time to
time the government tries to become more
efficient remember Al Gore famously when
he was vice president under Clinton I
did a restructuring the government
eliminate bureaucracy and then there is
this kind of getting rid of people from
a certain department shutting it down
etc like Scott Pruett at the EPA saying
do we really need so many people to
figure out if our air is really that
clean or our water is that clean well
let's just kind of get rid of those guys
there's a reason why using that because
he wants to let the guys who pollute get
away with it because that's they do
donations and in this case this is a
very important matter in a very timely
issue there is no other excuse for
powering down right now
and Rex Tillerson has faced accusations
since the very beginning both from the
outside and from people inside the State
Department saying that he hasn't staffed
it sufficiently that the halls are it's
like a ghost town in there people don't
feel like their work is is used for
anything but also that there's simply
far fewer people actually working in the
state department so you have this
potential area it could be another
example of that of sort of stepping back
from an area where the u.s. exercised
some global leadership on trying to
establish these cyber norms and things
like that but we have a second as well
I'm gonna be jumping ahead to graphic 27
here so there's a different area not
cyber security related several former US
officials told foreign policy recently
that table Buckwald a special
coordinator in the office of global
criminal justice was recently told by
Tillerson x' office that he was being
reassigned to a new position in a
different department the remaining staff
of tho gcj may also be reassigned
according to foreign policy if you're
not familiar with that particular office
it deals with issues surrounding war
crimes and genocide and helps form
policy to address those atrocities so
they might be winding that office down
as well see the cybersecurity of war
crimes and genocide two areas were
theoretically that the United States
should be involved and engaged might not
be taking up much of a leadership role
in the world and the years to come so if
you remember the Donald Trump jr.
meeting with the the Russian lawyer who
could forget we've been talking about
her the whole country's been talking
about it for at least a week one of the
things that the Russian lawyer wanted to
meet up with was the law that we passed
saying that we're gonna freeze the
assets of some Russian oligarchs because
of human rights violations and fraud in
Russia including the killing of one of
the guys who was investigating that
fraud
so now Rex Tillerson and Donald Trump go
meet with Putin Tillerson comes van
gogh's well let's you know ixnay on the
cybersecurity eh okay
and by the way Human Rights who needs
him in addition the law passed in Russia
to kind of fight back against this is an
adoption law and so if you look at the
meaning that was had between Trump jr.
and the Russian side if they say listen
it wasn't about these kinds of things
anything important
they just started talking about
adoptions well that is that is important
the adoption there was a report in The
New York Times is frequently the the
kind of takes a place in discussions for
sanctions by and large yeah and and the
but it's not like the Russians care
about the adoption bar we care about the
adoption part because we want babies
baby what baby and and by the way I mean
imagine you're born in the middle of
Siberian you you're an orphan you have a
chance to to come to America but they
ended that because they don't care about
that right but what they care about is
don't freeze our assets that is
ill-gotten gain that we would like to
keep ill-gotten and and and and on our
side so now all of a sudden you know we
say yeah the thing that we freeze it
over their human rights we're gonna
power that down to and finally if you
wanted to help Russia what would you do
you would power down on cybersecurity
you would look to lifted sanctions
another story out in Yahoo News today
from Michael Isikoff
saying they wanted to lift the Russian
sanctions on day one the Trump
administration did you bring in their
friend Rex Lewis in his Secretary of
State you would stop caring about their
human rights violations you would do a
ceasefire in Syria that would cement
their ally Assad's lead have I missed
anything yet and the other thing you
would do is you would gut our State
Department so that we couldn't even keep
track of what Russia was up to and our
State Department would look like a ghost
town and not be able to respond to the
Russians it's just incredibly the the
the first day thing like their
politicians love the throg here's here's
what I do in my first day here's what we
do my first hundred days and like
you or president you'd probably have
this long list of things you love to see
past in the first day but let's say
let's say that you really just wanted to
have a better relationship with Russia
there's no deal or anything you just
want a better relationship with them
fine but first day would that really be
the one of the first priorities you had
was lifting sanctions that the president
put on formula not just that is
incredibly weird ultimately regardless
of what else you think is true in this
entire thing yet is suspicious also in
exchange for what if you're such a great
negotiator like what do you get any yeah
what do we hug from a from a you know
populist perspective if that's what his
leg thrust is for America first put the
jobs first it isn't the other kinds of
thing but in these kinds of you know
ease sanctions it's the money that goes
specifically to the Oleg arcs and the
the folks that would know how to
leverage you know the easing of
sanctions and profit from it in Siberia
you know like in those kinds of oil
location yeah so look the good news is
they're so brazen that if if they keep
going like this they're gonna get caught
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com /join
