movies and TV shows have taught us to
fear robots harming us but perhaps we
should have been a little bit more
worried about them harming themselves
and I'm gonna reveal what I mean there
but first I want to show you a robot
that we should be concerned about we're
gonna see the nightscope k5 who looks
like an elongated pointy r2d2 but you
might actually find him in a variety of
locations around the US doing sort of
patrol work and like guard duty at
office parks and malls and things like
that it's an advanced robot okay the
night scope k5 has a 360 degree video
camera array sensitive microphones air
quality sensors thermal imaging
capabilities can scan up to 1,500 car
number plates per minute which is a
little bit scary and the microphones can
detect gunshots and other notable sounds
probably also record your conversations
so have fun with that next time you see
one but for all those capabilities all
the the interesting sensing it has and
the job that it can perform have we
really liked taking a good amount of
concern for its mental state because
somebody found this this morning this
photo no one you good the nice scope k5i
driven itself into a shallow pond and it
just floats there an indictment for all
of us we use these robots as robotic
slaves effectively oh what do they want
let's bring up this next tweet you're
gonna see I think this is the guy that
originally actually talked about it it's
a fun day here at gmmb the super
high-tech security robot our office guns
like this had a mishap if you rig up the
next one to see if really to present
shot it's ok security robot is a
stressful job we've all been there
he's not getting paid enough you had to
go and collect a change in the fountain
he can't write himself in it just has
wheels on the bottom once he started
going down those steps he was a goner a
great design then yeah they they
recovered his tape and at the end it
said the last thing recorder was I can't
live in a world where Trump as president
took himself out yeah
poor robot what do these ran over a kid
yeah Stanford accidentally ran over a
child called a freakish accident and on
April a drunk man beat one up
first of all he beat the crap out of
that robot but he was very tough several
pounds it ran over a kid's foot
yeah that's pretty scary actually look
um you're gonna see these more and more
because it's the sorts of jobs were
theoretically they're gonna figure out
you know if we have a robot instead of a
human after two years it pays for itself
that sort of thing
these are only going to become more
common and there are concerns both in
terms of running over children suicide
on the job which is depressing for
people who would see it but also it's
got to be a privacy concern that's just
360 hearing and sight constantly
recording data if you have multiple of
those going around that's worrying yeah
I don't think about the advertisers how
much they'd love to hear your
conversations as you walk around and
shopping them all yeah oh they're
definitely gonna be doing data mining of
that there's no question about that and
all he wants to do is learn to love so
by the way you mentioned that it had
that it was depressed because it has low
wages it's actually literally true they
are paying seven dollars per hour to the
company of course that built it right
it's have the robots go around because a
person would cost $7.25 an hour okay now
if you want to jump in a lake that's a
really depressing part the national
minimum wage is $7.25
but they've created these robots because
they cost a quarter of an out a quarter
of a dollar per hour less than you do oh
that's depressing don't worry man I
looked into the night scope k5 and they
can't yet break down the news okay for a
little while one day you come on here
John's never heard of a bot I thought
what near we come on here is a road
there's some sort of looks kind of
little clannish but anyway a clannish
r2d2 can I see the first picture okay
I'm surprised nobody made that comment
before I know of course I'm kidding guys
that was cute I say I acute plan
robot 82 KKK turn on the undersea city
you're going we are going to have an
awesome show for you tonight
I know what you are thinking what is
this you know what you're gonna say what
if you like this clip of The Young Turks
you know there's a whole live to our
shows 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm /join
