so now that the Republican version of
healthcare has died well now we have the
infighting and the fallout from that so
first we go to a dinner that was held
last night before it died
now this is a great opportunity for
President Trump to go and try to
convince some of those reluctant
senators to join McConnell's efforts and
to get this passed well
political is reporting that it is at a
dinner with GOP senators on Monday Trump
said the party would look like dopes
if they couldn't pass the bill after
passing a repeal bill in 2015 yep
mission accomplished you look like dopes
so Heath look he's partly threatening
them but he also partly doesn't
understand the political dynamics at all
so it's easy for the Republicans to vote
in 2015 to repeal Obamacare when they
know Obama's president and is going to
veto it it doesn't mean anything it has
no consequence now when they're in
charge and you repeal Obamacare
well senators that are on this graphic
like Shelley Moore Capito have to go
back home to West Virginia and say a
third of the state is on Medicaid and I
just cuts Medicaid by seven hundred
billion dollars oops
then you're no longer the senator from
West Virginia so now that it matters
they're like you can call me a dope you
can call me anything you like but I'm
not losing my Senate seat so I'm not
voting for this repeal before when I
voted for it it was just for giggles man
we were just playing politics now that
it's real no I'm not gonna lose my power
sad day for you but Donald Trump doesn't
understand any of that
so more reporting here Donald Trump
according to a source at that dinner
said if the Republicans have the House
Senate in the presidency and they can't
pass this health care bill they're going
to look weak how could we not do this
after promising it for years that's
because you were lying for years yeah
but did not go ahead you know to be I
guess fair to Donald Trump he's too
stupid to realize that the Republicans
were lying all along he's I think he's
genuinely asking they're like I don't
get it guys you passed this like 52
times when Obama was in office and we've
been saying it for years I said on the
campaign trail like well why can't we
pass it now because it's a different
dynamic
even that sentence he'd be like what
does that mean what is it what do you
mean different dynamic I told you he's
painfully stupid White House official
was asked hey did you guys realize that
people were going to drop out of the
Bellas you were having that dinner and
Trump was calling them dopes
the White House official said why would
we have a dinner like that if we knew
people were going to drop out that's
true and also an admission we don't know
what the hell we're doing we thought
everything was hunky-dory and we're
gonna vote for the bill look look wink
well look wink now honestly I want to do
is look we cuz I'm super insecure right
and then like what they dropped out well
that is you did a terrible job of
corralling votes in fact while he was
supposed to be crowning votes yesterday
instead he decided to play dress-up this
was Donald Trump he brought a fire truck
to the White House lawn and he went in
because he's a child and started playing
around so let's show you the pictures
okay so the president you have to call
me commander-in-chief or whatever that
other phrase is hey poor Mike passes to
sit there like a schmuck
and just not all day long to this
goofball then he put on a cowboy hat
he's whooping and hollering having a
good time yeah oh great time he said
we're celebrating made in America week
yeah that's why I brought these things
in hey are any of your products made in
America now they're made in Singapore
China and Bangladesh yeah okay so now
her Republican senators are disgruntled
now that things have fallen apart and
the guy was asleep at the wheel
in that case it was actually literally
asleep at the wheel of that firetruck
anyway the CNN reporting the President
of the United States suggests he's
blaming Democrats but also some
Republicans are Jeff Zeleny hearing from
senior Republicans overnight saying
critical of the White House saying the
president was playing with a fire truck
and trying on a cowboy hat as the bill
was collapsing and he had no
so clearly some Republicans disappointed
the president maybe didn't make a bigger
effort to get something past
shots fired hey wait why is this firing
squad circular because you guys are
incompetent you are dopes
you are lying not just now but earlier
when you said that you could just get
rid of Obamacare and when you said the
Obamacare was unpopular with it turns
out it's by a margin of fifty to twenty
four it is twice as popular as your
proposals
you're lying when you said that you
could get cover everybody in the country
Donald Trump specifically and literally
said this on the campaign trail he said
he would have universal health care
coverage cover everybody and that prices
would be cheaper and the plans would be
better they would cover more of your
health care expenses well it turns out
all three of those things were gigantic
lies so now all you have to do is all
you have left is to blame eat one
another oh that guy's a goofball you
know playing with a fire truck when we
need a vote well that's true
Donald Trump is so stupid he didn't
realize he was gonna lose the vote
instead of going and trying to make a
deal what he's supposed to be famous for
he's just playing around and it David
dinner the night before the Senators are
about to vote no and he's like oh we're
okay right guys
Nuria doesn't know what's going on
barely has two brain cells that you
brought together now the Republican
centers on the other hand all those
times you go to repeal Obamacare you
never meant it did you because you knew
that it wasn't really possible you only
did that because Obama was president you
know he'd veto it you were lying from
day one to all your constituents like oh
yeah oh man if we're in charge it'll be
easy will repeal right wait we've got a
magical plan gonna get you much better
things no your plan got the richest
people in the country is seven hundred
billion dollar tax cut that's the only
thing it did any devastated Medicaid and
you knew it was gonna be very hard to
pass and it turns out you couldn't pass
it at all so this is one circular firing
squad
that is well merited politically and and
so right now they got no
to blame but themselves they never meant
any of this from day one and and if they
could they would have passed an
incredibly draconian plan but only 24%
of the countries supported 3/4 saying
hell no so now in Donald Trump's words
you own that helped us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm slash join
