so the Republicans just lost their
effort to cut Medicaid by over seven
hundred billion dollars their health
care plan went under it has failed
completely so what do they do they
released a new plan this morning not
even new of the health care but they're
all overall budget plan but listen to
what it does this is amazing
on Tuesday morning hours after the
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
had pulled the plug on an Obamacare
repeal bill that imposed a massive
overhaul on Medicaid the House Budget
Committee unveiled a 10-year budget
blueprint that would seek to transform
and privatize Medicare what okay
now I'm not too surprised by that but I
am a little surprised but the timing man
they got a set on them so they look to
destroy Medicaid it doesn't work in fact
in the recent ABC news/washington post
poll they gave people a choice they said
it's not you just want to support
Medicaid they said you want to support
Medicaid and help poor Americans not
middle class so this was framed in a way
that's actually very good for the
Republicans the question was in the poll
do you want to help do you think the
government should help poor Americans
with their insurance coverage through
Medicaid came in at around 67% okay
that's an unbelievably large number
that's 2/3 of Americans saying yeah yeah
I know I want to help poor people I
don't want him dying on the streets and
that wait wait wait wait to us be fair
what was the opposite choice the other
choice was cut taxes and he didn't say
cut tax on the rich it just said cut
taxes for everybody that was down in the
20s they said no we don't want to do
that we don't want to cut taxes we want
to provide health insurance for poor
people god bless you Americans look I
think that this is why is everything
once in a while people get down on the
American people and understandably so
because we elected Donald Trump that'll
stay with us for a while okay that's
gonna leave a mark
and and and Bush twice and yes the
Republican control everything now and
yes they spent an overwhelming amount of
money to trick you guys with TV ads etc
I understand that well
when you ask about the issues and the
media sword fault here because they
don't never tell you exactly where they
stand right and they let their ads
deceive everyone but when you ask about
the issues the American people actually
are great they say no we should help the
poor we should help the needy
we should help one another we should be
a community we should be a family we
should work together
should we keep helping only the rich no
no even in that question it doesn't even
say help the rich should we help you or
the poor they say poor overwhelming 2/3
of Americans say let's help the poor ok
so I trust the American people in that
sense we just got to get the money out
of politics so they can actually find
out who the hell's on what side without
all the deceptive advertising so they
don't want to cut Medicaid you know what
polls ones only two things pull better
than Medicaid in this country Social
Security is number one at 84% number two
is Medicare at 77% so the Republicans
genius ideas
well we couldn't cut the third most
popular program in America oh I got an
idea let's got the second most popular
so a little bit more details here the
blueprint included a proposal to turn
Medicare into what Republicans call a
premium support system a long-held dream
of House Speaker Paul Ryan under premium
support enrollees would have the option
to receive vouchers to purchase private
insurance instead of using the
government health care program in other
words they would privatize and
eventually completely eliminate Medicare
the whole point of Medicare is that if
you're above 65 you're guaranteed health
care insurance that's why people love it
if you just turn it into what the rest
of us have well then they'll be
miserable like the rest of us we're all
worried about our health care we're all
on pins and needles about it and the
premiums keep getting higher and higher
we want to buy into Medicare right now
Medicare's are 77% the idea of allowing
all Americans to buy into Medicare
Medicare for all in fact that's not even
buying in we the government would
mandate that we all go to the Medicare
system problems are sir of course that
American people
want the government to mandate that do
they well you're wrong they do 58
percent say yes medicare-for-all if you
just let them buy into it that number
would go way up let us into Medicare
Medicare works and that's why it's so
popular it is it perfect no systems
anywhere near perfect but you don't have
to trust me on whether I think Medicare
works we already asked the American
people you go google it right now poll
after poll after poll it's never poll
less than 70 percent the rest of us are
suffering trying to get into Medicare
you almost want to get old so you can
get Medicare right and now the
Republicans new plan is no let's rip it
up and privatize it why my donors gotta
make more money man my donors are the
ones that would get win from privatizing
it and I get to lower their taxes as a
win-win for me so I will now try to
destroy the second most popular program
in the country
so look if you're a voter out there
first of all it's on you now if you
watch this you can go research every
piece of it for yourself online you'll
see that I'm telling you the exact truth
on this okay and if you don't think so
then god bless go make another decision
but you'll see the there is a blueprint
and in that blueprint they will kill
Medicare so now that you know well then
if you like Medicare don't vote for them
and if the media tells you I it's 50/50
I can't tell who's in favor of Medicare
and Medicaid whether it's the Democrats
or Republicans they're lying to you
lying it is very clear who wants to cut
Medicare Medicaid and who doesn't watch
The Young Turks commercial-free
downloaded a stream it watch it anyway
you like a TYT Network comm slash join
