lately foxnews has been taking a lot of
shots that Donald Trump of course
they're still the Sean Hannity's of the
world defending him there but boy now it
has been a little mini army against
Trump at Fox News so this is very
interesting
just today John Roberts Fox News
correspondent at the White House walked
out of a White House press briefing
Sarah Huckabee Santos notice I go I
guess John Harper's over better to go he
said like yeah we're not on camera so
you're not doing this on TV and so I got
to go do a live shot so that's one Fox
reporter at least taking a shot at the
White House and disrespecting them as
well he should by the way good job by
John Roberts standing after them there
so then you remember this from Charles
Krauthammer about as conservative as
anybody on the planet and but he said
this about Trump I don't think there's a
crime of collusion but I think what you
do add six months of deception from the
White House either at the verdant or
inadvertent perhaps it's nobody knew
about this meeting I'm assuming
President did not know about the meeting
but they had said for six months they
had not there no meetings they had no
interaction they had nothing here in
black and white is an admission of we
want to help your campaign we have stuff
on Hillary the state prosecutor and the
Kremlin has stuff and their responses I
love it thank contradicts the whole line
of defense that the Trump camp whether
they got this stuff or did whether it's
a crime or not is it totally a different
issue
I wanted to concede it's not a criminal
act but it's certainly an unethical
actor damn Fox News calling the Trump
administration on ethical and saying
that they were deceiving you all along
well if it was just one or two guys you
might say oh that's an outlier well
let's go to Napolitano this is a guy
that Trump likes so much
that he thought about putting him on the
Supreme Court I know that's hilarious
but even Napolitano was saying this
looks really bad watch had he actually
received information you're saying that
would have been that would have been a
felony that would have been the
completion of a crime so when like John
Sununu bill just did a great interview
with former governor Sununu Beck who
kept saying just as Jay Sekulow who we
all know yesterday where's the crime
where's the statute if I had often these
non violent criminal events don't happen
all at once they happen in stages so the
question is is this enough to commence a
criminal investigation answer yes
because the it is suspicious that they
met with these people that they didn't
consult a lawyer and that one of these
people is a former KGB GRU that's the
Russian intelligence armed Russian
military intelligence arm so this is a
weird topsy-turvy world where I'm
agreeing with Fox host but yeah I mean
now the Trump jr. Jared Kushner whose
top advisor the White House now Paul
Manafort who ran Trump's campaign at the
time all said oh what Russia's I didn't
have any meetings with Russia's well it
turns out you had an eight-person
meeting with Russians including Russian
interpreters it's hard to forget that so
yes of course they know it all along and
it is equally obvious that they hit it
all along now if you didn't do anything
wrong why were you hiding hiding it
Jared Kushner appears to have omitted it
from his security clearance that's could
be a crime right there in and of itself
man you went out of your way to hide
that from the government risking
committing a crime because you didn't
want people to make know that you met
with the Russians so and now it's not
just me saying it it's a whole heap of
Fox News hosts anchors and contributors
in fact now let's go to Shep Smith
they tell if there's nothing to this and
nothing came up but there's a nothing
burger it wasn't even memorable didn't
write it down didn't tell you about it
because it wasn't anything so I didn't
even remember it with a Russian
interpreter in the room at Trump Tower
if all of that why all these lies what
why is it lie after lie after lie if you
clean come on clean you know my
grandmother used to say when first we
practice to oh what a tangled web we
weave when first we practice to deceive
the deception chris is is mind-boggling
and there are still people who out there
who believe we're making it up
and one day they're going to realize
we're not so ships a a good guy there
he's partly referring obviously
Sean Hannity we shall have business me
you're making it up sure it's just lying
about it he's just trying to cover for
Trump you think they Sean Hannity's like
Oh golly gee they probably forgot about
that eighth person meeting with a guy
that they were told is connected to the
Kremlin in the emails and they said I
love it and he probably forgot
remember they brought in the interpreter
and all those people and they thought
they were gonna get dirt on Hillary
Clinton which would have been an
incredibly important part of the
campaign from the Russians and they
probably forgot even Sean Hannity
doesn't believe that he just says it cuz
he's a locker it's very kind of its kind
of cute by chef Smith to be like they
think we're wrong but we're not wrong
Shep nobody thinks you're wrong except
people who are disingenuous so by the
way Chris Wallace's answer to that was I
don't know what to say
I think there's a lot of truth to
everything you've said so now that's
John Roberts Krauthammer Napolitano Shep
Smith Chris Wallace that makes five so
now Hanna DS got an answer Shep Smith
because somebody's got a defendable of a
Dear Leader go ahead Antony Shep Smith
all right
Shep is a friend I like but he's solely
anti Trump I mean went off on a rant
last week that's fine but it's different
Brett do you know look at for example
special report the panel they have it's
it's you know the majority of them are
never Trump if if you look at the shows
even at night I mean you can't have more
variation of viewpoints than on the five
I take the position that I want to get
to the truth you're right and I'm
getting to the truth and one of the
issues I'm bringing up is Ukrainian
influence collusion and GPS Russian
collusion fusion GPS with the Russians
helping the Democrats so the real truth
is that the Russians helped the
Democrats win the election there's a
slight problem with that Shawn the
Democrats didn't win the election so if
the Russians were helping Hillary
Clinton they didn't do a very good job
so now that is preposterous deflection
and he knows it there's overwhelming
evidence that the Russians helped the
Trump administration including the
emails that Donald Trump jr. just
released himself saying the Russians
would like to help you and that man
stirring I love it so so but Kennedy's
gonna and then I'm also amused that he's
like
the guys on the new side are ranting but
I'm just trying to get to the truth okay
the chef's had to fire back at Hannity
cuz shots have been fired and he said
sometimes facts are displeasing
journalists report them without fear or
favor damn drums at Fox News here but
listen I just counted five on-air
personalities at Fox News that have at
least said that Donald Trump jr. story
is about deception and they did not come
clean and they're not sure that it's a
crime but they should start a criminal
investigation that's what Napolitano
said because it well might be so I ask
you guys do you think Fox News is
turning on Trump tea or tea network.com
slash Fox to vote here's what I think is
happening at Fox News I'm curious what
you guys think that's why we have the
poll but I think that Roger Ailes is
gone of course he was the Republican
propaganda genius and to be fair he was
really really great at it that's why I
say that he was a genius at it he worked
with Nixon and Reagan and George HW Bush
and helped george w bush get elected
even when he was at foxnews so he ran
Fox News as a total propaganda arm of
the Republican Party but now he's gone
he got kicked out and then of course
later passed away so now that he's gone
there's no one enforcing propaganda at
Fox News there's a lot of remnants of
that tons of remnants because all these
guys got hired by Roger Ailes and his
team so Sean Hannity is one of the
old-school guys but now that there's no
memos being written saying hey get back
in line we work for the Republican Party
all of a sudden some of the on-air guys
forgot that the whole point of Fox News
was to work for the Republican Party so
I think that in some ways they are
turning on Trump not because there's an
agenda to turn on Trump but because they
forgot that they originally Fox News was
propaganda so look it's just the
beginning
it's still an overwhelming amount of
propaganda over there but chipping away
at it and who knows me
if it lasts long enough maybe they'll
actually for the first time ever live up
to the second part of the names channel
the channel's name which is Fox News so
small step in that direction but a
welcome one if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network dot-com sighs join
