black women are the least appreciated
most marginalized community in the
United States and there's probably no
greater example of this then are Kelly's
treatment of black women there are six
different women mostly in their late
teens and early 20s who have been
recruited by the 50 year-old singer to
live in his rented properties around the
country we're easing control of all
aspects of their lives now Kelly's abuse
has been very public at times and it's
spanned across decades yet as a society
we seem to not care why because he made
this masterpiece
well that but more importantly because
his victims were women specifically
women of color but despite the recent
coverage of our Kelly's abusive ways
which BuzzFeed put out an awesome
damning article detailing the extent of
his crimes I didn't watch it Game of
Thrones episode and just snap he had a
pretty well-documented history of
abusing women by using his influence to
control them and it's all in front of us
it's not like the story of art Kelly
marrying rising R&B star Aaliyah when
she was 15 was hidden afterwards the
dude produced her first album which was
literally titled age ain't nothing but a
number we got married that's like if
Bill Cosby had a comedy bit about
drugging women oh wait he he did do that
are Kelly also taped the sexual
misconduct with a 14 year old where he
openly asked his minor to perform
various sexual acts before asking to and
then proceeding to pee in her mouth for
start not guilty a video taping himself
having sex with a minor jury's acquitted
him on every charge and the reason our
Kelly can be this transparent about a
sexual misconduct despite countless
lawsuits launched against them
throughout his long career is because
he's powerful as hell it's right over
like the goddamn Catholic Church because
money in this country buys you the right
to be above the law this isn't just a
story about the law is a story about
letting abusers keep on abusing because
the latest in the art Kelly saga seems
like a repeat of his past crimes but at
least this time his victims are not
underage not anymore anyway we're
talking about a man who used to cruise
high schools and creepily pick up girls
like he's Uday Hussein and we let him
continue with this bullshit Lady Gaga
who's supposed to be the woke queen of
music put out a song with this guy for
fuck's sake
our Kelly still has a label
still selling out shows and he will
continue to do so until we as a society
stand up and no longer tolerate letting
those in powerful positions take
advantage of women who are not because
this predatory behavior is rampant in
the entertainment industry it's like the
way Chris Brown can consistently abuse
the women he dates and then fans will
still go to his shows and claim it's
fine because he's a changed man only to
be faced with similar charges of abuse
over and over and over and over again
this all plays into a larger societal
problem for almost 30 years we've known
about our Kelley's crimes against young
black women and yet government officials
record labels and his sponsors still
don't seem to give a shit and that's
because his fans don't
what's incredibly sad about the
situation is that the people with power
the ones who have money and influence
continuously also victim blame their
accusers I'm not saying that she
deserved to be raped but what did she
expect to happen at 1:00 a.m. in the
morning or for inciting violence against
them women are victims of violence all
the time could have gone well maybe that
may or make better decisions and even
for being a distraction to men but
that's a Van Dyke's desire to be
different has become an issue at a
private school her look is being called
a distraction so if you cosign r.kelly
at this point you cosign is mistreatment
of women you cosign is rules you cosign
is punishments that range from ass
slapping the woman when they laughed at
another man's joke to dictating what
they ate and who they were allowed to
have sex with you also co-signed Kelly
reportedly forcing them to wear clothes
that didn't reveal their figures and and
make them face walls when they were
around other men and by the way if that
sounds similar to you that's because
it's identical to cult-like behavior we
often see an oppressive religious
societies and it seems like people are
finally getting fed up with our Kelly
sexist manipulative selfish outright
immoral behavior and now it might be
time for our Kelly to pay for the crime
of luring young girls into what the
media is now calling a sex cult like
Bill Cosby he may have his day in court
but let's not forget if your pockets run
deep enough and your victims are women
it's quite possible that you will get
off sometimes in more ways than one
I'm ass on poker don't forget to follow
me on Instagram and a Sandeep Iker and
share this video if you think women
deserve justice against their abusers
and that our Kelly should be held
accountable for his crimes
and this has been the breakdown
you
