BuzzFeed has published an explosive
report detailing accusations against
artists our Kelly and how he allegedly
is running a cult that has held several
women young women captive now the story
starts by discussing a young girl 19
year old who wanted to be a musical
artist went to one of his shows met art
Kelley and then all of a sudden
according to her parents was brainwashed
into cutting off all ties and
communication with the parents and
living with our Kelly however it's not
just one woman or one man's allegations
against him there are several people who
have corroborated these allegations
against our Kelly and he has responded
to them we'll get to his response in
just a second but first let me give you
some of the details so three former
members of Kelly's inner circle Cheryl
Mac Kitty Jones and Asante McGee said
six women live in properties rented by
Kelly in Chicago and the Atlanta suburbs
and he controls every aspect of their
lives dictating what they eat how they
how they dress when they bathe when they
sleep and how they engage in sexual
encounters that he records by the way
there was an audio recording that one of
the women had taken of an interaction
with our Kelly that was also given to
BuzzFeed and BuzzFeed said that his
comments in the way that he was engaging
with the young woman are in line with
the accusations against him now the
women in Kelly's entourage initially
think this is our Kelly I'm gonna live a
lavish lifestyle no you have to ask for
food you have to ask to go use the
bathroom
Kelly is a master at mind control he's a
puppet master that's according to Cheryl
Mack who was one of the people
associated with him also a 31 year old
they also listed the type of women who
are living with him currently they
detailed a 31 year old so-called den
mother who trained newcomers on how
Kelly liked to be pleasured sexually she
had been best friends since high school
with the girl in the videotape for which
Kelly was tried in 2008 of course that
was that was the tape
where he allegedly urinated on a
fourteen-year-old she recently parted
ways with Kelly these sources say also a
recent arrival is a 19 year old model
who has been photographed in public with
Kelly and named on music gossip websites
that's a rarity among the women in a
circle since he usually keeps them
private there's also an Atlanta
songwriter who he began a relationship
with around 2009 when she was 19 she's
26 now and an 18 year old singer from
Polk County Florida Mack said the
Florida singer is Kelly's favorite his
number one girl and oh that's what I'm
question is she's the youngest one yeah
so there's more details about the way he
allegedly treats them but I want you to
jump in yeah so look this is a very hard
situation because when adults make a
decision to stay in a situation like
this there's not a lot you can do and so
if your kids get gets caught up in a
cult and in there of adult age oh man it
is a nightmare because you can't file a
missing persons report cops can't really
investigate the situation the way they
would if someone was truly missing the
parents of these girls know where they
are
but they're not minors they're adults
and it appears that they consented to be
there so there's very little that police
can do almost certainly they went in
with consent right and and now it's hard
to say well he was controlling their
mind we think so they no longer have
consent that's a hell of a thing to
prove so on the other hand you and I
being outside of this crazy situation in
his house can tell no no no you tell
people when they can go to the bathroom
when they can't and all these specific
instructions and you're using the girl
whose best friend was allegedly peed on
exactly all these years it was how he
got out of that yeah because he's a
celebrity these celebrities drive me
nuts so she's still with him all the way
to the age of 31 training these other
girls you know guy you know and he's got
so much money
he'll probably get away with all this
too and if you got money in America well
good news for you is you got a whole
different justice system and you got
resources your command and and if you're
a celebrity everything's gonna be okay I
see Chris Brown everywhere everybody for
God nobody cares
yeah it's pretty amazing now here are
some more details of what's alleged
against him and then I'll read you his
response so he allegedly confiscates the
women's cell phones so they cannot
contact their friends and family he
gives them new phones that they are only
allowed to use to contact him or others
with his permission
Kelly films his sexual activities McGee
and Joan said and shows the videos two
men in his circle oh he's such a bad guy
I was wondering why he videotaped as I'm
looking at the story I'm like when do
you have time to look at the videos
later there's like six women in the
house like what are you doing no no he's
showing it to his friends bragging right
and you know the allegations allegations
against him you know are somewhat
similar to the allegations against Bill
Cosby in that all the women who end up
getting involved with him and living
with him are women who wanted to pursue
the music industry for their careers and
so it starts off and it's interesting
because it starts off with the parents
being very involved making sure that
they're there for every phone call and
the meetings and all that and then all
of a sudden are Kelly will say hey I
want to take her on tour with me so she
kind of sees how this before they know
it you know all of a sudden
communication is allegedly cut off with
their daughters also Kelly almost always
tells the women to dress in jogging
suits because quote he doesn't want
their figures to be exposed he doesn't
want them to look appealing
Kelly would make the girls turn around
and face the wall in their jogging suits
because he doesn't want them to be
looked at by anyone else that was one of
the other allegations by a woman that
was associated with him and who's now
speaking out against him he doesn't want
to be seen by anyone else unless he
recorded them having a sex - sex and
then shows it to his friends like hey
don't look at their ankles when you're
outside but hey you want to see me
having sex with them if you're a buddy
of mine this is insane so cops have done
to welfare checks the first welfare
check they show up
and no one's there okay so they leave
the second welfare check they show up
and everyone's saying no everything's
okay we're happy to be here no problems
whatsoever and again it's really hard
for the four authorities to do anything
if you have adult women saying that
they're not being held against their
will that they're there because they
want to be there so you know I want to
make sure I give you that part of the
story as well now a rep for the singer
tells TMZ that mr. Robert Kelly is both
alarmed and disturbed by the recent
revelations attributed to him mr. Kelly
unequivocally denies such allegations or
accusations and will work diligently and
forcibly to pursue his accusers and
clear his name during the height of the
Iraq war I said if someone I know and
love wanted to go sign up to serve the
military I tackle them because not for
that war okay you're gonna go get your
legs blown off or die for that nonsense
so now I have an almost a similar rule
about especially about the music of this
rap series but especially if you're a
woman okay by the way note to parents if
our Kelly says I'd like your to take
your daughter on a tour the answer is
hell no under no circumstances okay so
right now if they're all in the house
saying yeah everything's hunky-dory
probably not a damn thing you could do
about it
and if you didn't do the things about
taking their phones away and and doing
all the other manipulation and you got
to ask me for permission to go to the
bathroom and all the other stuff and
they just signed up for yeah all right
Kelly's favorite sign I just want to
have sex with them I don't care this v
mother gross here and I don't care that
he's taping and I don't care about any
of that didn't that's fine that's just I
mean maybe it's not our cup of tea but
when he was throwing all the other stuff
it's obvious that he's manipulating them
it started as just haze powerful he's a
celebrity I like him whatever right now
it's turning to something else I mean
just think about where you were when you
were 17 or 18 years old I'm not talking
about physically but mentally right and
you have these big dreams and you really
want to succeed and then you have this
power imbalance where does
big celebrity someone that you aspire to
be like tells you that they can help you
out I mean there's already a certain
level of power and control that he has
over these girls right and I think it
takes a an insanely strong-willed person
I think it's almost impossible to find a
person who can you know say no to that
and just be like it's just easy to be
manipulated when you're a young person
who desperately wants to establish your
career yeah yeah alright last thing on
this if anybody says I'm gonna take your
phone away and they're not your parent
watch out that means they want to close
you off from the rest of the world
whether it's a girlfriend boyfriend or
whoever it or called leader or whatever
a religious leader don't let them take
your phone don't let them take your
passport don't let them take anything
like that that means you're in a world
of trouble and they're looking to
isolate you and control you so whether
it's our Kelly or anyone else don't do
it
help us build independent media together
TYT Network comm slash join
