low-income housing is not only beginning
to be a real problem in the United
States but everyone is starting to see
symptoms of it and Los Angeles is a
prime example of that
now homelessness has gotten so bad in
the u.s. that we are seeing more and
more RVs or mobile homes popping up on
streets and as a result businesses and
residents are calling tow companies or
the city to have these RVs impound it
because they're taking up a lot of space
and in a lot of cases they're not in
great condition now according to the Los
Angeles homeless services authority 2363
people across the city live in motor
homes that's a 20% increase from 2016
and to make the problem worse the city
had contracts with three towing
companies that specialized in impounding
large or heavy vehicles and in this case
it turns out the two of them have
decided to stop doing business with the
city because of how terrible these RVs
are and how terrible the condition of
these RVs are so the contractors say
that the campers and RVs are often so
dilapidated or damaged that they're in
danger of falling apart while being
towed the vehicles frequently contain
overflowing or leaking sewer tanks and
can come with pests such as fleas ticks
mice and rats now the only company
that's still impounding these RVs is
peppe's towing and they said that the
conditions of these RVs are so bad that
they've had to basically Bob for fleas
every Sunday
yeah okay so and it's gonna get worse
it's gonna get much worse so you have RV
encampments and then you also have the
tent encampments which used to be you
know unique to Skid Row but they're also
popping up throughout Los Angeles in
areas that you hadn't seen them before
also the city of Los Angeles impounded
approximately 1,000 motorhomes and
trailers in 2016 but only about half of
them were claimed people who are living
in their RVs usually don't have the
resources to go pay to get them out of
the impound lot mm-hmm so uh these
companies are like why are we gonna
how these vehicles if we're not going to
be able to recoup the costs so I wish
somebody had warned me about the housing
problem in LA
look I'm bringing this up because it's
gonna continue to become more and more
of a problem right so for those of you
who are lucky enough to afford rent or
afford buying a property consider the
fact that even if you live in the nicest
neighborhoods all of a sudden you're
gonna start noticing you know an ever
growing homeless population and I say
that as someone who you know grew up in
the San Fernando Valley very rare to see
homeless people in the valley it's a
suburban area of Los Angeles and now all
of a sudden you see homeless people
sleeping on the sidewalks pretty much
you know everywhere every single part of
the the San Fernando Valley same of
really nice places like West hollywood
west hollywood used to have some
homeless people now there's a ton of
homeless people and it's gonna continue
getting worse and just to show you how
big of a problem this is not just in Los
Angeles but nationwide there was a study
done to look at the lack of affordable
housing in the u.s. this was done by the
national Low Income Housing Coalition
and the reports have shown that the
minimum housing wage is rising
year-over-year the organization defines
a housing wage is a full-time earnings
per hour needed to rent rent not buy an
affordable home this year they found
that the national housing wage is twenty
one dollars and 21 cents per hour for
two-bedroom rental home nearly three
times higher than the federal minimum
wage which is $7.25 per hour and so a
lot of times people will say well if
you're living in a big city and it's
expensive just move to a city that's not
expensive we're where housing is a lot
cheaper but that means that you not only
have to relocate to find a home you also
need to find a new job and oftentimes
the jobs in those areas don't even pay
enough for you to afford the housing
there so again this is continuing to be
more and more of a problem no one's
really coming up with solutions and
anyone who has the audacity to bring up
the issue gets brushed aside as someone
who's just whining and spoiled yeah I
don't think those folks in RVs
and so you know you're talking about the
fleas etc that the whole point there is
look at the dire straits that they're in
and so things have gotten bad for a lot
of folks and it's a combination of
riders it's not just that housing is
expensive so the also that we don't make
nearly enough money
the median wages have flatlined in this
country for decade after decade by the
way productivity has not and so the
difference is about 12 trillion dollars
between productivity and wages and that
went they I got redistributed to the top
and so now there are consequences that
and I guess some folks are thrilled like
I bought off a politician and I got
lower taxes and now I have a larger
mansion but when your mansion is
surrounded by RVs of people who are in
dire straits because they're making
minimum wage that's still $7.25 that's
unbelievable in LA that's higher but
that's the nationwide one and it is that
is miserably load has not kept up with
inflation or productivity or any of
those factors then this is what happens
and then you're beginning to get to
different Americas and we I know we
already have a to justice two-tier
justice system and now now we have this
so even if you don't care about anybody
else and you have no empathy for them
it's gonna affect you too well
absolutely help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
