new poll results are in from an ABC
Washington Post poll on Donald Trump and
they are disastrous America's gear
president Donald Trump the lowest
six-month approval rating of any
president in polls dating back 70 years
that is the history of polling the most
unpopular president and the six-month
mark ever for as long as we've been
keeping records just 36% of Americans
polled in a new ABC news/washington post
poll approve of Trump's job performance
down six points from his 100 day mark
itself although so the hundred day mark
was the worst ever the six-month mark is
the worst ever but it's even lower than
the hundred day mark so 36 points is
terrible for a politician terrible now
I'll give you some context here is that
all the recent presidents they're
referring to that and their popularity
and lack of popularity there's only here
let's show that next graph there's only
three that are underwater so you see
like Truman and Kennedy and even Lyndon
Johnson very popular enormous Lee
popular in their first six months the
three that are underwater or Trump
Clinton in his first term and Gerald
Ford Gerald Ford was in three points
away and populated from Donald Trump
that's because he just pardoned Nixon
and everyone hated him okay Nixon had
done Watergate and he's like whatever he
made me vice president I'm pardoning him
and Trump is lower than that guy okay so
how does Trump respond to this first of
all obviously with a tweet so he says
they ABC Washington Post poll even
though almost 40% is not bad at this
time was just about the most inaccurate
poll around election time okay so let's
get this right guys first of all it's
not almost 40 percent it's 36 percent
this is all what is that almost like
second of all when you have to say
you're almost at 40 percent in a
popularity rating if you're a politician
you're in bad bad shape
okay so saleable is it true or not true
and you say like 40 percent not bad you
know
I mean almost 40 it's not 40 at all but
anyway okay well that indicates that you
think it's true so why are you saying
it's inaccurate by the way if you
actually care about reality a ABC
Washington Post poll has been pretty
good actually it's been among the better
polls and had Hillary Clinton winning
the popular vote by about four she
wanted by two percent it was among the
more accurate accounts of the popularity
results so he's not right about that
either okay
but these things are provable look if
you're think your your Trump thing a fan
just go online see if the who's telling
the truth the news not about whether ABC
Washington Post poll have been accurate
or not you're not gonna do that because
you just want to listen to the Dear
Leader okay anyway so why is he so
unpopular and when I can't the Democrats
take advantage of it well first of all
let's look at Russia because that's the
leading topic that the Democrats push
and the media pushes and there we do
have some bad news for Trump 63% of this
poll produce for ABC News by Langley
Research Associates say was
inappropriate for Trump's son son-in-law
and campaign manager to have met with a
Russian lawyer during the campaign
that's a pretty bad number sixty-three
percent six and ten also think Russia
tried to influence the campaign and
among those who say so
67 percent think Trump aids helped
similar results in April so 60% of
Americans roughly believe yeah the
trusses were trying to help Trump and of
that 60 percent another two-thirds of
that group says yeah the Trump aids were
looking for Russian help so that's it
that's why he's unpopular right well
hold the phone because there's another
wrinkle to that side
that makes it a lot less clear as a
combined total the number of Americans
who both think that the Russia's tried
to influence the campaign and that Trump
aids helped is 41% very similar to the
40 percent who don't think Russia was
involved or unsure about it so yeah they
think that a lot of folks think that
Donald Trump jr. shouldn't have done
that meeting they think that maybe
Russia was trying to help
Trump overall but when you get to the
bottom line of hey look is
an important thing do you think that the
Russia and Trump colluded now the
country split it's not 36:58 I mean he's
losing by 22 points overall so that
question is split so it doesn't look
like Russia's actually doing the damage
so the reason Democrats heartburn Russia
is not necessarily because it works that
well as you can see the polling
indicates another country split on it
it's not particularly effective in
attacking Trump they do it because it's
safe
you could just say Russia boo that way
they don't have to talk about policy
because their donors would be annoyed if
they talk about increasing the minimum
wage you're going to Medicare for all so
they don't hurt their donors and they
try to get voters in a cheap way
now by the way I also think there's a
huge problem in in the collusion I think
it's real the Donald Trump jr. story
showed that in a lot of ways but what
you can do is you can do an
investigation of that without harping on
it non-stop thinking that it's good
politics because as I've told you all
along I don't think it's great politics
but for the reasons of truth you should
pursue it so if it's not Russia what is
it why is Trump polling so low well
first of all they don't have a great
impression Americans of his competence
they say just 38% say he's making
significant progress towards his goals
55% think he's not so that's not a good
number they mean you're not getting
anything done okay now how about
strength now you'd think Trump is always
talking about oh I'm strong gonna make a
strong move right no apparently I don't
think he's very strong at all in his
relationship to the world I'll show you
the next graph here under Trump u.s.
world leadership has gotten stronger is
only 27% 46% think that we have gotten
weaker under Trump 27 to 46 and 23% say
about the same so if you're a leader
that pride yourself on strength those
are miserable numbers so okay not
competent not strong how's he doing on
the world stage overall let's go to that
graph as you look here it says do you
trust Trump to negotiate on USS behalf
with other world leaders 34% say we
trust them more see
the 6% say we trust them less terrible
numbers we do not trust them to
negotiate on our behalf remember his
whole thing was part of the deal or the
deal man I'm the best negotiator
well two-thirds of Americans think you
kind of suck at it so he serves
significant problems and we haven't even
gotten to the motherlode yet and the
motherlode is health care so on his
party's signature campaign issue health
care Americans by a two-to-one margin
prefer Obamacare over the Republican
plan to replace it 50 to 24% another
quarter either wants something else
entirely
17% or undecided 9% but at 17% number
I'm surprised not larger because it's so
easy to go I don't like Obamacare or the
Republican plan give me something
magical that's better and by the way
maybe it's not magical maybe there's
something like Medicare for all that is
much much better and in fact polls great
but Paul's at 58% better than either one
of the plans but overall no most people
have made up their mind they're like
look I don't know about the other plans
I do know that Obama cares way better
than the Republican proposal 52:24 giant
leaf or obamacare whatever pose I
thought you Obamacare was terrible
I thought the American people hated
Obamacare it turns out they hate you way
way worse but still the Democratic Party
doesn't win anything look one more thing
on policy and I'll tell you why the
Democrats are no money um so Medicaid
versus taxes the Republican plan cuts
Medicaid by over seven hundred billion
dollars and lucky for rich people it
gives it in tax cuts to the rich so the
American people do they agree with that
idea well let's take a look at this next
graph so what's more important for the
federal government to do sixty-three
percent say provide coverage for
low-income Americans not just even
middle class just for low-income
Americans sixty-three percent only
twenty seven percent say cut taxes and
that question did not say cut tax on the
rich did not say cut tax on big business
they just said cut taxes and even so
only 27% chose that the Republicans do
not stand for what Americans believe in
not remote
close the only thing that Trump is doing
okay on and this is very relevant to his
rangs with psychotic when this goes
south how low can Trump go so the only
thing he does okay on is what's the
state of the economy and there by a
margin of here let's take a look at this
43 to 41 they approve of his handling of
the economy but there's also a big
number there that's not sure that's
still waiting the jury's out well that
number is the correct one the folks that
are saying the jury's out look the
economy is not a shambles right now so
fair is fair so I think that 4341 makes
some degree of sense now is it because
of what Trump is done no he's riding off
of what Obama's done so far about a year
from now we'll see what Trump is done
after he's at about him 18 months in
office
my guess is that'll be an even worse
disaster and he's going to the 20s I
said from literally from day one he's
going to the 20s and popularity look if
the economy gets ripped apart he might
go in the teens he might get the chris
Christie numbers so the fact that the
economy is not falling apart again
largely because he hasn't been able to
change what Obama has done in six months
and Obama had added 15 million jobs he's
that's why he's barely hanging in there
but yet the Republicans have won every
special election now I know they're
mainly in Republican districts and
that's of course very relevant but you
would think that they would have been
able to pull out one or two victories
like the one in Oh Georgia Hillary did
better than the Democratic candidate in
the special election in that district
what the hell's going on
and by the way one more thing that's
devastating for the Republicans in Trump
so the Republicans overwhelmingly still
approve of Trump about 82 percent or so
Democrats overwhelmingly hate Trump his
approve was like 11 percent with
Democrats how about independence see
that's the most important thing you want
to win elections you haven't got to keep
independence so maybe he's holding
independents no he's not
independence popularity rating for Trump
is only 32% they don't like him that's
less than a third of the independence
that like that is a guaranteed formula
for disaster and electoral loss and that
Trump's not
begin until 2020 if he makes it that far
but you did have the special elections
at the national level the Democrats want
none of them so what is going on there's
only one graph that explains it it's
right here so the Democratic Party
stands for what for people saying base
no they stand for something by the way
it's just something anything only 37% of
the country thinks that 52% say the
Democratic Party stands just against
Trump that's all they are there an empty
party and they opposed Trump because
they're on the opposite side only a
little bit more than 1/3 of the country
thinks that they stand for anything at
all so the biggest ally Trump has is a
Democratic Party if it wasn't for his
miserable failure of opponents he can't
crushed on the day of the election his
popularity wasn't any better he it was
37% how would a guy sitting a 37% when
an election that's because his opponents
are the only people in the country did a
worse democratic party it is so clear
what you have to do if you actually care
about winning winning electoral and much
more importantly winning on policy but
you don't care about those things you
know what you do you pound on health
care you ask for higher minimum wage so
that people who are working who are
working really hard can actually make a
decent living you look out for people
that want to have the American dream for
their kids you do the free education for
college you would do all these things
that are enormous ly popular and look at
how popular Medicaid is let alone
Medicare for all which is sky-high in
popularity yet Democratic leaders where
are you with the exception of Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren and a couple of
others in the Senate and now a hundred
and thirty some-odd
congressmen in the house now that
justice Democrats and the National
Nurses United push a petition asking for
it only those guys are for Medicare for
all but the leadership nowhere to be
found if you are at looking for
Donald Trump and the Republicans they're
not getting killed in the ballot box yet
you you have your answer
it's the establishment Democratic Party
leadership look I believe that the
current Democratic incumbents should be
primary I think that their record of
failure is record-breaking they lost the
Donald Trump they've lost the house the
Senate the Supreme Court and 69 out of
99 state legislatures they almost
literally cannot get any worse so but
when we go and say there should be
primaries or Democrats they say why are
you trying to hurt the Democratic Party
are you insane these are the people
hurting the Democratic Party they can't
find a way to beat a horribly
incompetent greatly disliked president
like Donald Trump
so if Democratic Party as it exists
today if you can't do the job
for God's sake and for the country's
sake step aside butch step aside you
know what my answer is it's justice
Democrats calm gota just Democrats calm
slash win and become part of the effort
man because if you let these Democrats
run against the Republicans again
they're the only people in the country
could lose to trump and these
Republicans who are greatly disliked so
look if you've got a better answer have
at it Hoss I'm all for it the only thing
we know now is Trump is in a terrible
shape and the only thing worse than
Trump according to the American people
both of the ballot box and to some
degree in the polls here is the current
establishment of the Democratic Party
stand for something if you're going to
be a progressive or pretend to be a
progressive at least act like it and
show us that you're gonna fight for
progressive priorities if not step aside
and let real progressives fight against
these Republicans and we'll see we'll
show you what we can do just as
Democrats calm help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
