the Trump administration likes to do
these different themes they do you know
themes for manufacturing manufacturing
week etc so this week's a different week
let's go to find out what it is the
White House announced that it would hold
a made in America week to highlight the
president's America first policy well
that's great well let's go to the Trump
both during the campaign and right after
you got in office talking about this
issue I'll be the greatest jobs
president that God ever created I'll
take them back from China from Japan
from Mexico we're here today to
celebrate American engineering and
American manufacturing we're also here
today to celebrate jobs jobs we have a
very big push on to have model plants
and other plants many other plants
you're not being singled out for you
Marriott values okay but you have a lot
of plans from a lot of different items
built in the United States and it's
happening it's happening Bigley it's
happening Bigley well let's check in on
the progress of then see how it's going
Mark Knoller we'll ask the question
about this week he said asked if the
Maidan American campaign will influence
and end the Trump brand products made
abroad official says quote oh I will get
back to you in other words know so we
checked into it the Trump shirts are not
made in America they are made in China
the Chinese killing us on trade they're
killing us on trade what do they would
do we've got to stop that anyway they're
made sure Trump shirts are made in China
Bangladesh Honduras and Vietnam I don't
believe those are American states
okay the his suits are made on in
Indonesia and Mexico the eyeglasses
who's got Trump eyeglasses on god help
you I hope you're not on the road anyway
made in China
he has Trump home those are items in
your home made in China Turkey in India
and everything in this hotels pens
toiletries are I mean come on
that's his pride to the jewel of the
Trump vampire yeah no they're made in
Taiwan and
and how about Ivanka's products China
Indonesia Vietnam India Bangladesh and
Ethiopia so what happened I saw what
we're gonna make everything in America
this week is made in America week and
Trump goes it doesn't matter my own
voters are so stupid
I'll make all my stuff abroad and I'll
tell people that I care about made in
America you think that even like
beforehand
okay he's running for president he's a
scam artist so he's telling you that
he's gonna bring the jobs home and you
remember when he was like Oreos is going
to Mexico to make some of the growers
over there chris Christie you're not
allowed to eat Oreos anymore
he said that okay he said that's the
oldest we have to do something about
this okay so we can't eat it anymore
okay that means you can't buy Trump
shirts I mean who's Mike Trump source
anyway but apparently some suckers sued
so you can't go to any of his hotels on
the resulting but you think everything
game president you do something about it
right at least the one thing he could
help is not necessarily Oreo or another
company he could do his own company nope
you're still making them in all those
different places by the way they're
under County there's 12 countries
overall where he out sources two more
than that list and then there's an more
countries on top of that he gets shipped
through etc but one last time all 12
countries that he produces his products
in China Netherlands Mexico India Turkey
Slovenia Honduras Germany Bangladesh
Indonesia Vietnam and South Korea and
I'm pretty sure none of those are in
America the world's largest hypocrite if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
