so how's the war going in Iraq and Syria
I know that Trump said he was gonna get
really tough on Isis we share some of
his thoughts about that in a second
that's easy enough to say but how about
civilians well first now let's be fair
let's talk about what Obama did when he
was fighting the same war against Isis
in those two countries air wars is a
group that documents civilian deaths the
coalition forces in the US forces have
in the at certain times said they're
part of the same team as us they're
helping to count civilian casualties
obviously our guys under count because
you know they they so for example some
of the ways that we under counters we
won't talk to any witnesses on the
ground because if we did they'd say yeah
you killed a lot of civilians that was
an aunt that was a grandmother that was
a baby so they're like and a couple of
their horrific instances including it is
hitting his school were like oh let's
not talk to witnesses but air wars does
talk to witnesses they have a more
accurate count so that this does not
bode well for Obama air wars researchers
estimate that at least 23 hundred
civilians likely died from coalition
strikes overseen by the Obama White
House roughly eighty each month in Iraq
in Syria so if you say where were you
guys when that was happening well we
were right here and we were criticizing
him for that throughout now I know that
there are no such things of pristine or
war and there'll be many mistakes I
understand that I we should take all the
effort in the world to preclude that on
one of the things that we used to
criticize Obama about
is in the places not necessarily here
but in the places where they did
signature strikes from drones that meant
that they did not know who was on the
receiving end of that bomb they knew
that hey we have some signatures there
like it might be a cell phone well we
think that cell phone was at some point
connected to a bad guy let's go ahead
and bomb it and that led to a tremendous
amount of mistakes so that was under
Obama and Cigna strikes were mainly done
in other places but obviously lots of
mistakes in fighting Isis with 80 a
month civilians not terrorists civilians
killed now Trump promised to do worse
let's take a look at what Trump promised
during the campaign
I would like to do one thing at a time I
would knock the hell out of Isis I would
hit them I would hit them Brian so hard
like they've never billion casualties
what about the fact that we're targeting
them and people are very concerned about
collateral damage I would do my best
absolute best but we're fighting a very
politically correct war with the
terrorists you have to take out their
families when you get these terrorists
you have to take out their families they
care about their lives don't kid
yourself what they say they don't care
about the less you have to take out
their family so he promised the murder
civilians and then he got elected so did
he murder more civilians the answer is
yes now he said terrorists families and
when you're dropping a bomb how do you
know if it's a terrorist family or
someone else's family so for example
sometimes under the Trump watch we'll
drop a bomb because all rules are now
suspended apparently you'll get the
details in a second because we saw we
think we saw an Isis fighter on a
rooftop two homes away and we'll drop a
bomb on the house it's not the one he
was on but the one that's two away
killing 11 people in that house those
the family killed in that house they
weren't terrorists they were civilians
but Donald Trump doesn't care he's like
what difference does it make all right
let's prove it out so is that the case
let's look at the numbers maybe maybe
he's killing less civilians there Obama
let's find out
as of July 13th more than 2,200
additional civilians appear to have been
killed by coalition raids since Trump
was inaugurated upwards of 360 per month
or 12 or more civilians killed for every
single day of his administration so let
me just put those numbers in context the
entire time that Obama was president
2,300 civilians were killed in this
conflict Trump in the first six months
has already killed 2,200 civilians
almost caught him and now let's look at
the numbers that they just outline
they're under Obama civilian casualties
were 80 per month under Trump they're
360 per month four and a half times
greater now think about the earlier
number 12 or more civilians killed every
single day of his administration so you
wake up today and I know a lot of
Americans look and go oh my god what are
you tweet today and sometimes it's very
serious sometimes it's light and we
laugh at what an idiot our president is
but every day that you wake up
understand the Trump has authorized
through his actions 12 more innocent
civilians killed in Syria and Iraq every
day the next day another 12 the next day
another 12 now that those are the
numbers that we've done so how do we get
here well as The Daily Beast reports it
to give you one more sense of context
for how bad it can be at any particular
time in one well-publicized incident in
Mosul the u.s. admits it was responsible
for killing more than 100 civilians in a
single strike during march but hundreds
more have died from coalition attacks
and the chaos of fighting there so with
that one we admit we say oh yeah no no
those numbers are accurate we killed a
hundred at one time
oops what difference does it make we
promised that we'd kill their families
there they are I mean I'm maybe they're
related who cares okay if they care
they're certainly not showing any
evidence that they do so how do we get
here and one of his first moves as
president Trump ordered our new counter
Isis plans to be drawn up second on his
list of requests were recommended quote
changes to any United States rules of
engagement and other United States
policy restrictions that exceed the
requirements of international law
regarding the use of force against Isis
so what does that mean well dailyvees
actually did a great job of summarizing
this is what they said in short Trump
was demanding that the Pentagon take a
fresh look at protections for civilians
on the battlefield except those
specifically required by international
law that represented a major shift from
decades of US military doctrine which
has generally made central the
protection of civilians in war so in
other words we have now changed the
rules and said that's it have at it Hoss
so don't worry about the protection of
civilians do the bare minimum to protect
civilians let's go get them
and if a lot of civilians die along the
way and they're not us civilians who
cares they're their grandma grandpa's
babies whatever remember when Trump
pretended to care about the beautiful
babies in Syria when Assad had we think
had killed him
through doing that chemical strike he
said got two beautiful babies the
beautiful babies how about all the ones
we're killing ah who cares who cares
let's go kill their families okay Larry
Lewis is a joint civilian casualty study
lead analyst he says if we're losing
opportunities to hit Isis because we're
nervous about civilian casualties if it
is not required by law then we're saying
really look at it hard now so he support
appears to be supporting Trump's
policies going hey listen man I mean if
I miss an opportunity to hit a nicest
guy a couple of houses away cuz house
heard about eleven family members
sitting there having dinner and with
their kids and I was concerned about
their life well then I'm not gonna be
able to hit Isis hard enough and by the
way that will be persuasive to some
right-wingers well Sammy what are you
gonna do ed I mean you got a murder some
families to get Isis right I think there
is another way and and and certainly
Obama who I thought was doing way too
much of it was not doing it anywhere
near this degree because he was telling
the generals hey be careful because when
you go to kill civilians not only is it
morally repugnant and what we accuse
Isis of doing but it also is
counterproductive so a former State
Department official is going to explain
why it's counterproductive
he said we have spent a long time
advancing the idea that preventing
civilian casualties is not only a moral
imperative it's also an operational one
these lessons come directly from our
military's counterinsurgency experiences
in Afghanistan and are endorsed by
members of our military at some of the
highest levels but so far we haven't
seen or heard anything that shows that
President Trump understands that and in
fact of course we've seen the opposite
and general mattis is now the defense
secretary gave a speech saying that they
are going to do it
annihilation of Isis look if you could
just annihilate Isis great that's what
we want you to do nobody's against that
but apparently his directions were
taking a little broader the month after
mattis delivered the new plan us-led
forces likely killed more civilians than
in the first 12 months of coalition
strikes combined so the first month more
than the whole previous year because
they're like civilians so what
difference does it make look it is in
their actions they end their words he
says we're gonna kill their families
there then they go kill their families
they more than quadrupled the number of
civilians killed hey kill more civilians
in one month and Coalition had done in a
whole year
well and then here's a CENTCOM
spokesperson I was on the phone with a
hill they had to walk this one back
because it seemed a little too
politically incorrect but he identified
himself as a spokesperson for CENTCOM
and told the reporter this president
Trump said prior that once he gets in
he's going to kick the SH I T out of the
enemy that was his promise and that's
exactly what we're doing
ah well but okay show me body counts of
Isis fighters okay but what we've got
here is body counts of civilians so
that's not kicking the Shi T out of
anything other than innocent people and
and then what do you think their family
members are gonna do are they more
likely to be on our side or their side
human rights groups that are so
concerned about what Isis is doing to
the local population they've been
interviewing these the people who were
able to escape places like Raqqa for
years and normally the things that go
thank God I got rescued I got out of
there
you know the ISIS was killing our family
or pressing it and all the horrors that
they talked about and then they were
running out of food and and water now
when those same human rights groups
talked to the survivors of Raqqa and
other cities in the area and especially
in Iraq Raqqa in Syria Mosul's in Iraq
those same survivors say yeah the
starvation was bad and oh my god it was
brutal under Isis but the worst thing
was the American airstrikes
because as we were about to leave a
bunch of our family members got blown up
they're dead now so it doesn't solve
your problems sometimes it makes it
worse so how is this being enforced in
one last example
Lieutenant General Stephen Jay Townsend
says proudly we shoot every boat we find
so if you think well that's every boat
we find that's an enemy bow well they
had it coming that's great that's how
well we talked about an annihilation of
ice as well let's find out what's
actually happening air wars has
documented numerous civilians reported
killed in recent weeks as they had
attempted to flee Raqqa by way of the
river
shortly after Townsend's remarks raucous
being silently slaughtered
that's another human rights group
reported that at least 27 people in
Raqqa had recently been killed
attempting to fetch water around the
Euphrates so if you don't use human
judgment anymore you don't use your
minding you don't use morality and you
suggest balm every boat by every bomb
everyone by the river who cares well
what are you gonna do you're gonna bomb
people getting water you're gonna bomb
people fleeing and yes you're gonna kill
a lot more civilians yes you're gonna
kill a lot more families but they're not
going to be terrorists families there
are people who were just trying to
barely survive in Raqqa or get the hell
out of Raqqa because they hate Isis and
want to run away from it and as they
were bravely trying to do that the last
thing they saw was in a u.s. bomb
dropping on their heads
and killing everyone on board so if this
is your idea of getting tough with a
Isis okay well I guess you're
comfortable and you think every morning
that you get up yes another 12 innocent
civilians killed today
Trump's in charge but if you think yes
there is a deep moral problem with that
yes we're supposed to be better than our
enemies and yes this is not a smart
strategy for how you defeat Isis and
gain the support of the local population
well then this is a very disconcerting
news TYT membership gives you commercial
free young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network's
shows and support independent media
TYT Network comm /join
