earlier this year Donald Trump claimed
that the only reason why Hillary Clinton
received millions more in votes was
because there were millions of people
who fraudulently voted well as a result
and of course there has been no evidence
of this whatsoever
he created a voter fraud Commission to
investigate the issue of voter fraud and
recently that Commission sent out
letters to secretaries of state or
secretaries of state in all 50 states
asking them to turn over all voter
information okay and that includes
personal information about anyone who's
registered to vote now the officials
from various states are fighting back
and refusing to comply however the voter
commission also or voter fraud
commission also decided to get some
commentary about this issue from the
public and so they sent this message out
earlier any member of the public wishing
to submit written comments for the
Commission's consideration may do so via
e mail at election integrity staff at
ovp blah blah blah you guys get it
please note that the Commission may post
such written comments publicly on our
website including names and contact
information that are submitted well uh
they followed through on that and they
have decided to publish the first batch
of emails that they've received now
we've blocked out the personal
information of these people you don't
need to know what they are but some of
these emails are so good so good so let
me read you some one person writes in
just fuck off already you shit stain on
democracy and then I love the subject
line piece of shit you are Yoda
alright let's go to the next one one
person writes in who the fuck are you
evil people KO bak and pence can eat my
asshole fucking with voting rights is
vile obnoxious shit and I wish anyone
who is involved in this ends their lives
in prison fuck each and every one of you
okay so nice polite email by the way
there are people who did write politely
to protest what's going on one person
writes in I pay the government a
boatload of taxes so you work for me I
think you're doing a terrible job
explain yourself and go ahead you guys
jump in there's like other emails that I
want to read but err yes so Kris Kobach
is one of the most dangerous guys in
country and so his specialty is is voter
suppression so we don't want people who
traditionally vote Democratic to vote
because then Republicans will lose
elections so we're going to try to
suppress the votes of people who are
poor minorities and students and so all
these groups that are traditionally
Democratic voters so now that winds up
having a literal racist effect because
he thinks well blacks vote for Democrats
about ninety percent of time about 67
percent of Latinos voted against Trump
for example so let's make sure less
Latinos of blacks vote and so what are
they now they can't say that
so although back in the day the guy who
started at Paul Wyrick who's sort of
some of the top right-wing organizations
in the country actually admitted in 1980
in his speech he's like I don't want
everybody to vote I want less people to
vote I want only our people to vote
right so so this has been a clear
pattern for decades now they're just
more brazen about it now so instead of
say I don't want black people to vote
they say Oh voter fraud yeah that's it
we've got a lot of voter fraud now the
reality is you don't and in fact a lot
of the even the red states that they
apply to for this voter fraud Commission
told them what I think the state of
Mississippi literally told them to go
jump in the Gulf they're like no there's
it's just not true they had Republican
after Republican looking too and they're
like we can't find the voter fraud he
telling me to find it but there isn't
write it whatever they find is miniscule
and usually done by Republicans okay and
so the reason they claim the voter fraud
is not because they're actually
genuinely Sher Singh if there was wide
scale voter fraud we would want to stop
it right who wants a fraudulent
elections certainly not us Republicans
are more likely to fix elections than
Democrats Democrats seem like they don't
even want to win elections whereas
Republican is will do anything to win an
election the last thing we want is
fraudulent elections so but so they go
oh I need voter ID laws so that there's
no fraud committed so you just have need
an ID but people say
Oh most people have IDs like what's the
big deal I have a driver's license why
didn't you use drug list well 25 percent
of african-americans don't have driver's
license well a lot of folks live in the
city and they don't need a car or they
can't afford a car so people in the
cities that also mostly vote Democratic
don't have driver's licenses etc so
you're these laws wind up being racist
hence these you know calling up a
shitstain is not coming out of nowhere
it's because people are mad because
you're taking their rights away and
wasting resources yes like this is a
waste of time yes all these sources all
because Trump is super insecure about
the fact that millions more voted for
his opponent right he's trying to prove
something there's nothing to prove you
la I mean you won you're still your
president right but you didn't get the
popular vote move on with your life
right well it's not just that though
it's because they want to set it up for
the next align because he barely won it
and he was deeply unpopular anyone
because 85 percent of white evangelical
voters turned out to vote which is a
stunning number they can't repeat that
number so though they got all of their
guys to vote as much as humanly possible
he got 81 percent of that white
evangelical vote so what they need to do
next is make sure the other side can't
vote right that's what this is about so
that's why when people tell to fuck off
there's a very very good reason why
absolutely help us build independent
media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network calm /join
