a judge has decided to throw out the
conviction of a protestor who had the
audacity to laugh during Jeff Sessions
Senate confirmation hearing now during
the Senate confirmation hearing there
were a number of protesters present and
at one point a woman by the name of
Desiree fairoos snickered or laughed
after someone made a positive comment
about Jeff Sessions so let me you the
details on that for ruse was taken into
custody during a Senate Judiciary
Committee hearing in January after she
laughed when Senator Richard Shelby from
Alabama claims sessions had a clear and
well documented record of treating all
Americans equally under the law so he
says that she laughs and then the
authorities immediately begin to take
her out like arrest her and her reaction
as they were arresting her was part of
the reason why the jury found her guilty
of disorderly conduct so let's take a
look at the video and then I'll fill you
in on what happened next girl anyway so
what fast forward to today a DC judge
has tossed out a jury's conviction of
the protester who laughed during the
Senate confirmation hearing finding that
the government had improperly argued
during the trial that her laughter was
enough to merit a guilty verdict and the
judge says no her laughter is not enough
to merit a guilty verdict
now the prosecutors are saying it's not
just the laughter though it's the way
that she behaved as she was being taken
out and so it's likely that she will
face a retrial
that's ridiculous look code pink is
brave they go and they dress up in those
outfits and sometimes they do disrupt
events the one I remember there's a
million instance of it of
when they were chasing Donald Rumsfeld
around in a place I think he was
attending an event and kept saying war
criminal war criminal and you know I
know that some Americans look at that
and go oh that's too much that seems
rude right on the other hand I mean how
many civilians died because of what
Donald Rumsfeld did so being rude to him
maybe the least you could do and so it's
I admire their courage in being able to
risk arrest to say sometimes what should
be said to people that others don't have
the courage to say I'm glad somebody
called Don Rumsfeld a war criminal and
and got attention for it but in this
case like she said there she's like I
wasn't gonna say anything all I did was
laugh when you said he has a great
record in treating all America's equal
and that is a laughable proposition if
you know Jeff Sessions record yeah so he
said that you know about the Klan I used
to like him until I heard they smoke pot
so Wow even if you think that's a joke
like joking around while an
african-american colleague is there
about how much you like the Klan I mean
and then he used to call that same guy
boy and there's a whole laundry list of
things that Jeff Sessions did let alone
what he prosecuted and didn't prosecute
and so I think you're allowed to laugh
at that into if laughing is a crime now
in America we're in a deep state of
trouble so the judge made the right call
I mean we we need to maintain decorum
right and that was again brought up
which drives me nuts it's just like the
issue of the dress code in the house and
how oh we need to maintain decorum like
as you know these lawmakers are screwing
over the American people left and right
to hell with your decorum right right
yeah and by the way she had like a
reflex reaction to what hi Betty was
yapping during this hearing cuz it was
ridiculous yeah I was laughing at
everyone who got up there and was like
he's a great person one of the guys was
like you know he had like his four token
black people up there testifying about
how great he was because they'd had
meals over Dairy Queen it's like I don't
trust you if you eat at Dairy
those are fighting words they are and
I'm willing to fight can you get a sense
that I ate at Dairy Queen way better
decisions I think but you can't incite
violent action and then get mad when
people respond the same way right you're
yanking her out of the meeting she is
she supposed to just complete like yeah
that notion of compliance is just
problematic as its executed by police in
general so I have a problem so that's a
great point about the what the judge is
saying it's like you started the problem
in the first place
like what is often discounted as state
violence so that often happens in war
situations but in this case you're
physically removing someone from the
premises that you're doing your own
wrong way so when she doesn't have a
perfect reaction to it you can't hold
that against her so like don't waste
more taxpayer resources trying to bring
this woman back into court come on
that's yeah ha stris so you know again I
I admire her courage and I'm glad that
she at least that'll laugh in their face
at that proposition watch the young
turks commercial-free downloaded a
stream it watch it anyway you like at
TYT Network comm slash join
