NBC News broke the story this morning
actually that 1/5 previously
unidentified person was at the
controversial Donald Trump jr. vessel
MIT's kaya meeting at Trump Tower
NBC chose not to publish this person's
name but The Associated Press has
identified him as Rinat Akhmetov
lobbyists who was accused in court
filings of being a former Soviet
military intelligence officer who quote
developed a special expertise in running
negative public relations campaigns
although you should understand that he
denies that charge
he's also been accused in a 1 billion
dollar legal fight over a mining
operation in Russia of masterminding a
scheme to hack the mining company's
computers and undermine their lawsuit
now this is a quote from Alan foo
Terrace who is his lawyer who says he is
a US citizen he told me specifically he
was not working for the Russian
government and in fact laughed when I
asked him that question which that case
closed I guess at this point but you
should understand that that is a
statement from his lawyer now this is
how it was described by ock mention he
says he served in the Soviet Army from
1986 to 1988 after he was drafted but
was not trained in spy trade craft
he said his unit operated in the Baltics
and was quote loosely part of
counterintelligence but he says he was
not formally a part of Russian
intelligence operations and certainly
not these days now on to the meeting so
he is actually spoken out about that
meeting with Donald Trump jr. and vessel
Messiah and others ock mentions said he
had learned about the meeting only that
day when vessel miss Gaia asked him to
attend in fact he said he went in a
t-shirt and jeans because he was
unprepared for the meeting he said that
vessel mats kaya brought with her a
plastic folder with printed out
documents that detailed what she
believed was the flow of illicit funds
to the DNC Donald Trump jr. asked the
attorney at that meeting if she had all
the evidence to back up her claims
including whether she could demonstrate
the flow of the money but vessel Metz
kaya said the Trump campaign would need
to research it more after that Trump jr.
lost interest
according to AK mention which with the
work ethic we know of the Trump family
makes sense actually
they had to do the research they've got
right now auch mention said he does not
know if vessel in the skies documents
were provided by the Russian government
as has been alleged he said he thinks
she left the materials with the Trump
associates it was unclear if she handed
the documents to anyone in the room or
simply left them behind he said so at
first as I was reading his denials hey
they seem pretty good he was honestly I
was halfway towards convinced and the
thing about the t-shirt coming in and
he's like no no look I'm willing to talk
to the Senate Judiciary Committee I got
called it on that day I don't know and
and it seemed like they lost interest
and they didn't care about this thing
that she was trying to push and so I'm
ready to talk to AP I'm going to talk to
anybody and I was like yeah it sounds
kind of credible and just because he was
in the Soviet military at one point
doesn't mean that he's Soviet you know
that he's cagey be forever or etcetera
and and one expert put it that way oh
you never leave the Russian spice that
how do you know that so so I wasn't that
convinced but then you find out that he
mainly represents the the guy that I'm
not as good at pronouncing Russian names
as you are the the female Russian lawyer
that's on the side yeah she is the
lawyer for the incredibly rich rich
Russian oligarch that he represents for
lobbying interests yeah
wait a minute you guys are both
representing the same guy the main thing
that she was pushing was to get
sanctions lifted off of him so you know
they what the Obama administration did
was they said certain Russians will not
be allowed to their bank accounts will
be frozen people always say that like oh
that's the obscure thing about adoption
Russia's struck back by saying oh yeah
Americans won't be allowed to adopt in
Russia the adoption parts out the real
part yes we blocked the Russian
oligarchs from coming into the country
and most importantly froze their bank
accounts that matters a lot that
oligarch is connected directly to Putin
and so way to me you're his lobbyist and
you've been working on deals with him
for a long time and you just owe the
lawyer just called me and I don't know
anything that matter
the frozen assets that's all that it'll
calm down definitely frozen assets so
then I reporter Steve Levin who's
literally written a book on this in 2070
book I wrote a book called the oil and
the glory tracks all of the the Russian
oligarchs and the spying and all the
thing this goes on and he said of all
the people that he's ever met and
written about he said I know of no
Russian gun for hire who managed to run
his campaigns so successfully running
circles around purportedly much more
seasoned Washington hands as this guy I
mention yeah and then when I read that I
was like oh he just ran a couple circles
around me yeah so I never for one second
didn't think that Trump knew about this
first lie he's a guy who was so
personally talk to me like this at
second of all there he said first of all
but his family is so close right he
talks he was so consumed though we've
read this quotes before we do the the
speculation about that because I have a
check what's concerning that yeah yeah
yeah yeah no we'll say just for the
record this is just add this one more
thing that about that meeting that
Donald Trump jr. could not be relied on
to accurately recall I had personally
thought that there were no more facts
about the story that theoretically could
have been lies right but he again forgot
about this person and there is a sixth
person apparently or one more person who
has not yet been identified at least as
of us recording this god only knows who
that will turn out to be but Lynette was
no trump to the translator yes I believe
so yes interpreter and then they talk
about a success exactly yes so let's
turn now to Trump so look the father
Trump has said that he didn't know about
Donald Trump Jr's meeting up until very
recently
even though lawyers for the family of
apparently known about it at least since
June the father Trump says that he
doesn't know about the meeting on
Wednesday afternoon he told Reuters
quote no that I didn't know until a
couple of days ago when I heard about
this no I didn't know about that
referring to the meeting which seems
strong and absolute until later that
night when he says in fact maybe it was
mentioned at some point yeah so that was
a quick turnaround there is it
impossible that he got wind of this new
that's coming out or what might come out
over the weekend I don't know but that's
a quick turnaround from I didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know to maybe in it
yeah and there's no way I ever believe
for a second he didn't know I mean I you
know how close the two are the Father
the Son the stepson over the son-in-law
and you know how consumed Donald Trump
was with the Clintons and opposition
research and all of that had there's no
way that Donald Trump jr. independent of
anybody got this information even if he
did that he didn't go to his father and
say hey listen you know we found
something out here and he was a very
great pursue it I mean there's no
there's no way and he says what you have
Monti so there is one part of the story
that the Trump say that I do believe it
I'll explain why in a second but we had
him on tape we showed it a couple days
ago on the show where Donald Trump in
between the time the Trump jr. gets the
meeting but before he has a meeting says
oh I you know we're gonna have a lot of
interesting information about Hillary
Clinton as soon now he does at that
point he knows that his son has the
meeting right yeah but but doesn't know
that they're gonna get nothing out of
the meeting so that's why he's like oh
soon we'll have all this dirt on Hillary
Clinton you have am on tape so why did
he then turn around and admit yeah I
know about the meeting okay well one
he's an inveterate liar so he's like
they're gabs you know I lied before I
don't care I lie all the time yeah so I
this is my one millionth lie you know
like if it was Obama he'd be like wow oh
my god
just a day ago I said I didn't know the
meaning at all I'd say I know the
meaning that would be an unprecedented
lie right such a brazen obvious lie
right Trump's like whatever it's Tuesday
right there is that but but I think
that's not the only reason he did it he
could've just kept stonewalling they
must have some information and he knows
that investigators have their coming of
theirs that they don't know
that he knows an escalation obviously
sent to Donald Trump but we do know that
all of a sudden II turned around he's
like okay fine I know yeah can I really
fastest I mean I think it's obvious
based on this story but we have to make
sure that people know we've already
broken down how regardless of whether
anything came out of it let's let's say
Donald Trump jr. is right nothing came
out of it in the email it was made clear
to him that this was an attempt by the
Russian government to do this which
means that when he then goes and gives
speeches about how it's all a big fraud
and it's disgusting to say that Russia
was involved that means he is lying at
that point even if he got nothing he
knew that they were trying
if Trump also knew about it this entire
time Trump has said it's a made-up
mythical witch hunt made up by the
Democratic Party whatever about a
billion times at this point yeah which
would mean that he was knowingly lying
in every one of those cases even if
nothing was attained which is I was just
surprised you know can we just
especially come on even if you're like
the most die-hard Trump supporter you
know he's a pathological liar right even
his friends that he's a pathological
liar you if you're pretending that
that's not true
even you don't believe that yeah let me
very very quickly this is from George HW
Bush at the time vice president United
States may 9th 1988 a letter to his son
George when he was a candidate for
president he said George were about to
sail into unchartered waters in terms of
family scrutiny scrutiny we've all been
through a lot of inquiry and microscopic
probing however it's gonna get worse not
just for our family but for the
dukakis's and the Jacksons that was
Jesse Jackson too hence this letter to
family he goes through a lot of this he
says you're gonna get a lot of new
friends etc etc my plea is this please
do not contact any federal agency or
Department on anything a call from a
bush will get returned but there's a
great likelihood that it will be leaked
maybe deliberately misrepresented I know
it must sound very defensive but believe
me every effort was made to find some
phone call etcetera he said if this is a
legitimate inquiry call my office it is
certainly appropriate to contact your
own government but let's do it through
my office so no one can accuse any of
the family of trying to use influence
the difference between the bushes
whatever you may think of them and how
they approached this sort of thing and
the Trump's who willy-nilly lying about
it to each other yeah I did know
I'm going behind the back I'm going
behind the back everybody in the family
it sees that the seams did it
it's I found it remarkable when I saw
that it was very principled by George HW
Bush and a great thing to do it also
shows at least he knew his son was an
idiot I think he wrote it I think he
wrote it to everybody but I do think he
did was someone another favorite
language once a favor just like Donald
Trump Jim it's not just about the bush
it's about the way people do it the way
they know how to do it and you don't get
embroiled yes on Air Force one to
Michael's point said well I think
anybody would have taken that meeting
that's not I mean look at the letter
Georgie so here I should say of course
he wouldn't add any of that meaning
right and Gore got a leak tape of george
w bush's debate prep and and refused to
watch it they turn it in to the FBI said
this is probably stolen material right
and refused to watch it yes there are
actually decent people in the country
you're just not among them if you're in
the Trump family so but final thing that
I do believe them on which then leads me
to my theory on on what's going part of
what's going on here so when they say
that they didn't get anything out of
that meeting you could be a lie right I
mean he's lied about every other part of
the meeting oh I didn't have the meeting
it was just about adoption okay fine it
would but I didn't get information oh no
I didn't tell you about the fifth guy
now here's the fifth guy I didn't know
that they were a part in the connect to
the Russian government an email that
says they're connected the Russian
government he says I love it so his son
is also a pathological liar it said but
I did why do I believe it because after
the meeting
Trump then came out and said hey if
you've got those thirty thousand emails
that Hillary deleted Russia send him
over he wouldn't have said that in
public if they already had the emails or
they already got information on the
Russians or they already had a good
enough connection to that particular
Russian in the meeting that they just
had so I does agree with that point
because I don't think he said send them
over I think he said someone should hack
someone should leak which then
theoretically regardless if he was ever
involved would say look he called for it
but he didn't do it it was some other
group that did the hacking did the leak
yeah that's a big difference though it's
true but but it's still the same
thrust of what he's saying right now
there is a damage and so so the final
part is a little bit of speculation on
my part so you look more into automation
this fifth guy and he is apparently by
the way was masterminded a hacking
scheme great but he also developed a
special expertise in running negative
public relations campaigns hmm
so they come in Goldstone writes the
email that's the music publicist guy
that set up the meeting in the first
place where it's an email that so
clearly says this is someone connected
to the Russian government and they have
information that could help your father
who do you want to meet he sends it to
perhaps the dumbest person in the Trump
family Al Trump jr. and that is a heavy
title to hold right and Donald Trump jr.
falls right into it and goes I love it
right and and then later glowstone
against us now you know that this
meeting is happening with these people
right and he goes right and I'll see you
at 4:00 so it is possible that that the
Russians said the goldstone hey make
this meeting happen then we put it in
our back pocket in case we need it and
it's possible that they tried it with
both cameras like mail yeah well look
this is the guy that was apparently
linked with the attempt to flip Dana
Rohrabacher as well right yeah well
whose use that as an excuse oh like no
he meant with other legislators
neglecting or like the unbelievably
corrupt Dana Rohrabacher it almost
admittedly corrupt Dana Rohrabacher
connected the rushes for years right
anyway so it might be that the Russians
thought let's this is obviously illegal
we'll get them to do something illegal
we don't like in that we're not gonna
give them the information whatever
information we have we'll use in
whatever way we want right we're not
just gonna hand it over to them right
but and I don't know that they tried it
with the Hillary campaign but maybe they
tried it with both campaigns to be able
to have blackmail on them and and and
why and who released it now who released
these emails now I don't know so that's
another really
the question as to why now remember
Putin and Trump just had a meeting help
us build independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
