we've got a really heartwarming and I
think it's safe to say pretty shocking
story of generosity that came about this
week it started over the weekend in
Kentucky at a Bernie Sanders rally to
stop Trump here that was the set of
rallies that we previewed on The Young
Turks last week so a lot of people went
to them obviously and you fought for
access to insurance and everything one
of those people was up Paula Martinez
Ben Jay who was at the rally with a sign
and so TYT politics ends Jordan Chariton
to cover it he interviews Paula and so
we're gonna show you some of the clips
of the interviews but then there's a
shocking twist after the interview but
here is the first section with Paula
describing a her situation of why this
rally is so important to her we're part
of the underinsured we pay $600 a month
for insurance and we are insurance
supposedly covered 20% or we pay 20% of
our bills so it covered 80% that's
completely ridiculous I have a billiard
that we would have had to pay $16,000 if
we were uninsured now we have to pay
like 1,400 that's completely ridiculous
we can't afford that
we have a gas bill a light bill you
think about all the bills that you
regularly play now my husband has a
quote unquote decent college degree type
of job you he gets paid you know $20 an
hour but I don't work so how do I pay a
mortgage how do I pay all these bills
disagree you do work you take care of
this cute kid that's a that would be a
job true you know my housewife it's not
very exciting I would say it's probably
harder than most jobs so but you you
catch my drift you have people who are
working starvation wages or you make one
decent paycheck but childcare is
completely ridiculous so it's just an
uphill battle all of the time so we're
gonna have some more both in video and
some of her email correspondence about
her experience and it's both in the
individual case shocking hard to imagine
how you deal with this situation but
also obviously also true of a lot of
Americans but I want to go to what
happened after that interview so the two
or three politics gets reached out to by
this person who is at this point
anonymous and we're gonna describe why a
little bit later on who said this
I saw your 10 July 2017 interview with
Paul in Covington
Kentucky I would like to pay off for
$12,000 student loan debt I'm serious if
she sends me a photocopy of her most
recent loan statement I'll pay it in
full they reached out to Paula Paul says
first of all whoa thank you so much for
your kindness I'm in tears I am in shock
that this is even happening to me and
within just two days that anonymous to
UOIT viewer paid off twelve thousand
three hundred and thirty five dollars
and 49 cents of debt taking a massive
load off of Paula's shoulders that's
incredible I love you guys so this is us
thinking together and that's an amazing
story and I don't know how many times
stuff like that can happen but it's it
brings me to the edge of tears and and
that's what we go talk to people I mean
look one of the issues is that if you
watch the news you don't get a sense of
what's actually happening in the country
so you know a lot of talk about politics
and what people are talking about in
Washington but you get a sense of that
young couple in Kentucky working as hard
as they can did all the right things but
now you got a $12,000 student loan debt
she's got nine thousand eight hundred
seventy nine dollar debt from having her
son he was born premature at seven
months old he was he had he was born
just three pounds he had to go to the
neonatal intensive care so they only
paid because her husband has a job
that's great they only had to pay 20% of
their health insurance but that 20% is
still a ton of money she had to spend
two weeks in the hospital and and her
son had to spend two months in that
intensive care unit so it turns out you
know they had nearly ten thousand
dollars in in medical bills and then she
has a twelve thousand a student loan how
are they supposed to and then they've
got a mortgage and then they gotta take
care of the kid how are they supposed to
get along and and what drives us crazy
and why we cover it on the young turks
on TYT politics and you watch the whole
interview on TYT politics right now is
that and we'll have the link below to is
that these guys you don't see these
stories you don't see these sources you
don't get it like I feel like the people
in power don't have any sense of the
real
struggles of Americans and then of
course for for her and by the way what
did she do she just her house she said
her husband talked her into going to the
Bernie rally and she's gonna describe
why and some of these quotes yeah so
we'll get to that in a second and and
then it turns out this amazing act of
kindness from somebody watching their
you never know take action be part of
change stand up you never know what can
come out of it and I can't thank that
anonymous donor enough I don't know his
name his or her name either but but it's
it's wonderful yeah more details
yeah and we're really fast so I mean we
so one of the sad stories account a few
weeks ago was that um that so much of
GoFundMe is related to people
desperately trying to pay for their
health care bills but that also that you
see a lot of success stories there where
you do have people in many cases who
don't even know the person they're
helping out to get their life back on
track to financially get their head back
above water and so that is amazing in
this particular case that this person
donates so much money based on just
seeing it a couple minutes of a person's
story is amazing and it's been a dark
time for a couple years here in American
so it's good to see that and from what
you were saying like you hear a lot of
politicians talk about wanting more
freedom for Americans well imagine if
you have twelve thousand dollars in
student loan debt tons more in
healthcare debt how free are you like if
she wants to have another kid does she
feel free to have another kid if she
would has an idea for a business and
wants to start it can she do that is she
free to do that
what's that illegal she can technically
do it it's gonna be a little bit hard
with the financial of burden on her back
but after the the debt was paid off Paul
had had this to say we can't read the
entire thing which is incredibly
heartwarming but we're gonna read
sections I've suffered a lot in my life
I'm okay if you share this and I never
thought that something like this could
happen to me it only solidifies in me
what Nina Turner said at the people
summit that to paraphrase we need to
start speaking our truths and telling
our stories which she did a speaking
about why she went to the rally she said
I came out to the Bernie rally after the
insistence of my husband I made the sign
while my son took a nap I had no idea
that something would come out of it
during the protest
today I cried I shared my story if we
don't start fighting we could lose
everything we have to start fighting for
our environment safer gun regulated
neighborhoods I'm tired of hearing local
news stories about another black person
or white person or Latino person being
killed in the streets of Kentucky
because of gun violence sure I just want
you to know then that I am angry I'm
grateful but I'm angry that a kind
stranger had to pay my healthcare and
that so many people suffer without
health care now I can direct my payment
for that bill to our health care bills I
budget every month now I can use this
money for my loan payment on other bills
I don't have the cloud of student loan
debt plaguing me and two IT membership
so she by the way
graduated with a 4.0 GPA so you know the
Republicans like to put out that thing
yeah but bootstraps if you just have
bootstraps and they worked hard things
would magically get better how about
like if you worked hard and got a 4.0
GPA where you literally could not have
done any better but that doesn't make
your student loan debt and your
healthcare debts magically disappear
yeah nobody says hey you got a 4.0 ok
we'll pay your bills right that's not
how the country shirts but they're me
the most interesting part of what she
said the most powerful part of what she
said was that it's even though she's
grateful isn't it sad for all of us yeah
that she had to rely on the kindness of
strangers when in fact why don't we be
kind to one another you know that's why
we set up government so that if your
neighbor has a fire we all go put it out
together we put in money so that we have
a fire department that goes and puts out
the fire that we have that we pay for
cops we pay for roads we pay for schools
that's us helping each other helping our
kids get a better education and have an
opportunity and by the way John is right
if you're not plagued by student debt
then you might be able to stand you
might actually be free to start your own
business I know cuz that's what happened
to my dad and and that was back in
Turkey in the 1960s you're telling me we
can't do it America in 2017 what they
did in Turkey in the 1960s which is you
know pay for college education
my daddy yeah he had no money when he
came out but he also didn't have debt so
he can start his own business and it
wound up beating creating hundreds of
jobs so we've got to believe in each
other and the way you do that is not
just like one with acts of kindness
although I cannot again cannot describe
how wonderful this is
but we've got to do it on a mass scale
and that's what that's if government is
done right that's a big if but if it is
that's what it's there for and that's
that's that's supposed to be how we take
care of each other
so finally I just want to give you a
quote from the anonymous donor
again I don't I don't know if he's a he
or she but said Paula and I know a
little bit about each other and that's
enough for me I understand the appeal of
the all-too-rare story that not all the
milk of human kindness is curdled but I
don't want to get my 15 minutes as his
poster boy thanks again for contacting
Paula for me I've been a long admirer of
your work and you go a long way to
justifying my TYT membership
I think he's directing that to Jordan
and Paul also thanked Jordan and she
mentioned kolinsky and Jimmy Dore and
all other folks that she watches at the
TYT Network and so when he when he or
she's talking about knowing Paul a
little bit he she's they're talking
about Jordans reporting and and what
they saw in the video and and that was
enough so for all you guys out there
that's why I keep telling you we're not
the Young Turks you're the Young Turks
and so that was amazing thank you thank
you thank you and and also learned not
just from the donors experience but from
Paulus go out there and fight you never
know what can happen if you just make a
little sign and you get out there and
you show people that you care and you're
gonna fight back and we're all gonna fix
this together yeah thank you help us
build independent media become a member
of the Young Turks TYT Network comm
slash join
