now a lot of Americans worried about
Trump's plans to build the border wall
between the u.s. and Mexico
interestingly he keeps talking about a
solar wall where the entire wall would
be covered on the top of solar panels
which sounds good I guess
and he says we have many people working
on these plans many people want to put
solar panels on it and then he turned to
a different issue with the wall that I
don't think enough people are really
concerned about but he is thinking ahead
he said this one of the things with the
wall is you need transparency
he doesn't mean in the process of
building it he literally means it needs
to be transparent you have to be able to
see through it in other words if you
can't see through that wall so it could
be a steel wall with openings but you
have to have openings because you have
to see what's on the other side of the
wall now that may sound crazy but give
him a chance I'll give you an example as
horrible as it sounds when they throw
the large sacks of drugs over and if you
have people on the other side of the
wall you don't see them they hit you on
the head with sixty pounds of stuff it's
over
that's crazy as that sounds you need
transparency through that wall oh my god
yeah all right so a couple things are
going on here hey one of them is not
people throwing 60 pounds of stuff over
the wall it's not one of the guys so
much weed like it's not gonna hit the
solar panels then the power is gonna go
out at the wall and yeah I know Steve
King was talking about the Mexicans with
cantaloupes
dragging their what is what the
conservatives and dragging like oh I
don't think I think he put it in cars
trucks but anyway so but John I think
you're wrong when he you said there's
solar panels on the top of the wall I
think he thinks that you could put solar
panels on both sides and see through it
that's crazy you think what that he
thinks that you could put solar panels
on both sides and see through the wall
because he thinks it's like a like glass
well that I do think he sees a a
transparent window
through there I mean yeah yeah because
he's talking about how he's gonna be
transferred the soldiers not on the top
of the wall
he thinks it's on both sides of the
walls he was talking about great views
right yeah my my problem with it is less
about that more about the scale I think
because I mean this is thousands of
miles of wall and he pictures it as
being like 30 yards where if you throw a
bag over
you're probably gonna hit somebody it's
2,000 and a mile stretching the desert
remote terrain mountains
what an unbelievable coincidence that
would be he's like out of a cone
brothers movie they long they're to
thousands of miles somebody happens 60
pound bag of weed oh right somebody else
because it's not a transparent walls
what unbeknownst to them and you know
whatever at what happened to big
beautiful doors remember that yeah there
was such a centerpiece but um but
honestly it this all just says he had no
idea and continues to have no idea about
this wall it hasn't been thought out in
the least in the slightest well he's
gonna get into an area where he seems to
be thinking a little bit more about it
okay there's not that right the wall but
he says this plus we have some wall
that's already up that we're already
fixing we're taking wall that was good
but it's in very bad shape and we're
making it new so we're actually in the
true sense you know there's no reason to
take it down or shit so in a true sense
we've already started the wall no on the
record there if we could translate that
is that theoretically on on some
significant portions of the border there
are already fences and and sort of the
sets of security and stuff like that so
he's talking about that being the wall I
guess which is both an indictment of the
previous programs that spent all the
money setting this up in the first place
but also shows that he is theoretically
going to be scaling back some of what
that wall is it will not just be
transparent aluminum with solar panels
on top ok so again they're on the side
the most important part is actually what
he said next he said you don't need
2,000 miles of wall because you all you
have a lot of natural bear
you have mountains you have some rivers
that are violent and vicious you have
some areas that are so far away that you
don't really have people crossing so you
don't need that but you'll need anywhere
from 700 to 900 miles wait a minute
that's what we were saying you were
saying we needed a 2,000 mile wall we
said what are you gonna build a wall
across the river and across the
mountains and you're like oh yeah I'm
gonna filter to cook up in a bill 2001
it just got smaller just go right right
you know how much wall we have right now
and and Hillary Clinton used to call it
a fence and a wall and all different
language things we already have 700
miles we have 700 miles of fence
by the way that fence is see-through so
what Trump was thank God
boy what drags okay and there he's right
they've been not you've never heard a
story like that and and the way he
described you to have steel you could
just pass the bank's through this field
gates but anyway so what Trump is doing
and this is the important part is
basically redefining his wall as the one
that already exists so then he gets to
go well I told you it was gonna be 700
miles and here's the 700 miles I told
you it was gonna be transparent and the
fence is transparent I'm done with it
right did Mexico paper he'd call it
Obama's wall yeah that would be the rest
enjoyed over here I'm but in in essence
he makes it up as he goes along and he
made it up during the campaign changed
it a lot during the campaign has no idea
what it is now changes it all the time
now it's it's an ever evolving Emperor's
New Clothes that it doesn't exist yeah
because he's a standard politician and
what do politicians do they over promise
right they come in and they go I'm gonna
do this I'm gonna do that I'm gonna
build a wall I'm gonna have Mexico pay
for it so and then when he gets in
office they go hey knucklehead that's
gonna cost so much money that it's
totally undoable what are you gonna do
build a wall on top of a river but so
what he does then is he does a standard
politician move of job what are you
talking about that thing that already
exists we're gonna ask 30 yards here in
30 yards there and put a solar panel and
I'm gonna go I bow and I'm going to put
some drones up I built the wall
this beautiful transparent wall that I
built see I get it I get it up the best
you see that and I in the spirit of what
you're saying is absolutely right but
what's unusual about him which makes him
a typical is he's promising something
that he has now proven already exists
they usually promise things that are
unattainable right that's true this is
their and he promised it to people who
were dumb enough to believe that it
wasn't there and he was gonna put it
there who were dumb enough to believe
that they wanted it and it would change
our country for the benefit of he should
have promised extreme and persistent and
increasing income inequality is if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
