I was a kid I used to call my father
just talks about how the Millennials
don't get off the couch very often
they're just sort of ignorant and
they're a product of the modern
educational systems when I was trying to
buy my first home I wasn't buying
snatched avocado for $19 and four
coffees at $4 each bro what yeah this is
what's destroying America right
Millennials incessant need to put
avocado on everything and the PC culture
that tells kids from Generation Y it's
acceptable to have a hobby that get this
you want to do even if it's not normal
guys want to see something funny
actually this is very sad to me and is
this what we're teaching our young men
to be acceptable now damn Millennials he
should be out there shooting some shit
and drinking beer always 12 all right
well he should be shooting a nerf gun at
least Millennials the murderers of all
things ones treasure anyone else sick of
this trouble I mean I wish I was over
exaggerating and the previous examples
were real but I'm not and they're not
this shit fills our timelines every day
I mean get a load of some of these
Millennials of killing golf no I think
you'll find that your commander-in-chief
who thinks is acceptable to drive on the
green these Millennials are killing the
movie business no I think the
transformer movies are doing that all on
the wrong
Millennials are getting blamed for
everything from killing napkins to bad
attitudes in the workplace to promoting
a culture encouraging kids to play
soccer without a bowl because it reduces
competition well I'm actually all for
criticizing that I'm kidding what on
God's earth is that but you will not be
hard-pressed to find something blaming
Millennials for nearly every societal
fail Millennials are more health
conscious so we are less likely to buy
fast food I don't get why that's a
negative obesity remains the number one
killer in America so if we are killing
McDonald's what's the problem not to
mention we steer clear of investing in
probably anything especially the stock
market this could be the most serious
recession in decades but these things
often have something in common we
Millennials have seen what happens when
the financial shit hits the fan so can
you really blame us for being cautious
with our money I am NOT saying we are
perfect far from actually take a look at
someone with a fidget spinner and it's
obvious we're not but every single
effect has a cause and the effect your
talk
about is that Millennials are cautious
with their money because happens to be
because of that small little somewhat
significant financial catastrophe that
plunged the world into its largest
crisis since the Great Depression which
itself was caused by the people who
still somehow dodged the blame that's
laid at the feet of Millennials those
rich baby boomers have you resigned a
CEO or chairman of Wells Fargo the board
I service you resigned no I've not
oh yes watching the rich elite plunge us
and our family into debt was bound to
adjust some of our spending habits and
alter the way we look at things not to
mention that our post crisis scars are
not purely psychological this attitude
we have about wanting better jobs and
being critical of the current political
climate is a direct result of the fact
that 7 in 10 students graduate from
college with student loan debt owing an
average of $30,000 this makes it pretty
impossible for us to save up to buy
anything in fact according to geo
banking rates 31% of young Millennials
ages 18 to 24
and 33% of older Millennials ages 25 to
34 don't have any money in their savings
account nothing nada you pet your ass
that the money we do have we will gladly
spend on avocado toast because my faith
in that avvocato being delicious is a
lot stronger than my faith in any form
of financial investment in a market
controlled by greedy sons of bitches who
right in front of our eyes screwed over
our generation so I'm sorry if we are a
little hesitant about embracing the
housing market on the political policies
of a fully grown manchild stack in the
White House with the same goldman sachs
alumni who crippled the market we're
supposed to be diving into and despite
all the slings and arrows hurled at us
by our detractors do you know what good
thing Millennials are doing we are
keeping good old-fashioned libraries
alive that's what yeah would you believe
it we the phone obsessed Kindle readers
are the number one public library users
so cat shows with a head in a book how
about that follow me on Instagram at
Francis a Mac so check out all the my
little things I'm up to also on Twitter
at Francis L max or also I'll catch you
guys soon continue to resist
you
