down in town I had juniors son got in
trouble and I've seen it misreported or
what I consider to be a Mis reporting of
the story and we're gonna give you the
jimmy dore aggressive progressive look
at this because you know what I've said
about this whole Russia thing is that
this is a big distraction and there's
the the Democratic Party just installed
a pharmaceutical fucking lobbyist as
their chairman okay and you guys still
think Trump is the problem okay
Trump is a problem Trump is not the
problem he is the he is the effect of
the problem he is not the problem okay
so I don't know if you go to my computer
I remember days like this you remember
this Malcolm and stuff remember that no
that's the cover of Time magazine yanked
to the rescue the secret story of how
American advisors helped Yeltsin with so
we were oh my god so it turns out we we
were in interfering in Russia's election
and so at we we tapped Angela Merkel's
phone so anybody trying to pretend that
even if what they say is true that
somehow the Russian government or some
agent working tapped into the DNC server
which is a private goddamn fucking
organization everybody we tap into the
Merkel's phone does that mean we're at
war with Germany - Germany try to have a
retaliation because we got caught
tapping Angela Merkel's phone so this is
a big distraction it's a big distraction
so we know even if everything they said
is true and Russia's hacked into the DNC
and John Podesta what did they do they
told us the truth that the DNC was
corrupt and lying and they were rigging
the election okay so that that's how a
progressive looks at this and if you
don't look at it like that maybe you're
not so progressive okay right III that's
how I feel do does anybody disagree if
you disagree keep it to yourself the
irony is that the United States not only
helped Yeltsin win but after the fall of
communism we set up there basically set
up they went over there so if they're
like economic systems yes and then they
created the oligarchs who then now fund
Donald Trump and it's a nice new cycle
there yes but but when was I supposed to
stop being afraid of Russia that was in
the 80s right you were supposed to die
even when MIT will MIT Romney ran
against Barack Obama we were supposed to
be done being afraid of them remember
that I'll show you that video that's
game
what happened so this is Donna Tana
hands jr. and so he got an email from
this guy from this guy this is that
that's the linchpin in this story
literally that's the guy that's Rob
Gladstone that's Rob Gladstone so this
guy here sent an email that Donny Tatia
is set up in a meeting with this woman
natalia vasko capitalist Skyy yeah she's
a Russian attorney and here's here's
even better thing so the guardian put
that out and if you look the guy at the
upper right so he's a guy who worked
with Trump before Iris Aguilera I can't
say I can't say names so his son Eman
not Eminem but em in a glare off he's a
pop singer and then that that guy that
funny-looking guy he's a public
relations guy who works for that Eminem
so so he didn't really even need to know
this stuff it really doesn't matter so
this guy Eman his dad was supposed to be
giving information to Trump right that
that's the whole thing so if you look
see the woman in the middle there's Rob
glowstick on the right there's Donald
Trump jr. Jared Kushner so it's not
really as complicated as this it
actually makes it seem oh here let me
just get to his email so let's get to
his emails em in so that's the young pop
star from from Russia a man just called
and asked me to contact you with
something very interesting the Crown
prosecutor of Russia met with his father
eros this morning and in their meeting
offered to provide the Trump campaign
with some official documents and
information that would incriminate
Hillary and her dealings with Russia
would be very useful to your father this
is obviously very high-level and
sensitive information but it's part of
Russia and it's government support for
mr. Trump and Donald Jr said if that's
what you say it is I love it especially
one later this summer
you like seven more better can I guess
when he goes yeah deeper tan so I know
you know this story I just want to get
it out there so then this is the one
that set it up
Don hope all is well lemon asked that I
schedule a meeting with you and the
Russian government attorney who was
flying over from Moscow for this
Thursday I believe you are aware of this
meeting and so wondered if 3 p.m. so
there it is so that
that PR guy who's connected to a guy who
Trump worked with in his beauty pageant
over in Russia they set up a meeting
with Donald Trump saying that they got
some information by the way there's no
such thing as a crown prosecutor that's
a there's no so they hey there's a
person's got some information it may
come from the Russian government right
about Hillary Clinton now notice what it
didn't say didn't say illegally gotten
information information could have been
information that's already in the public
record that we didn't maybe you didn't
know about
hey I heard I heard a story the other
night this isn't from hey it couldn't be
anything so here's how the newspapers on
other news here's how they corporate
news is reporting this this is from The
Huffington Post it says Tuesday's
revelation comes after an earlier New
York Times story on Trump juniors
meeting with the Kremlin linked lawyer
mm so they that's how they referred her
they just say she's Kremlin linked and
that's it they don't go here's how she's
linked but here's what I found out so
I've tried to find out how she's linked
to the Kremlin so here's how what this
is all I could find out maybe there's
more her name is Natalia vessel mistake
I had and this says whose clients have
included Russia state-owned businesses
and the son of a senior Russian
government official so that's the extent
that's the extent of her connection to
the Kremlin when they say Kremlin Lee
that's what they mean she's a lawyer and
she represented some government owned
businesses and she represented son of a
politician who knows how maybe he got
caught with coke so I don't know right
so a source who know this is also from
the Guardian a source who knows her also
told the Guardian she has a
long-standing personal connection with
Yuri chaka Russia's powerful prosecutor
so she has a personal shouldn't have a
business relationship
she didn't work for the guys she's not a
partner she just she they say she knows
this she's a lawyer who works with a lot
of rich business guys and so they say
she knows this guy no kidding but that
doesn't mean she's linked to the Kremlin
all right yeah I'm not just saying that
she isn't I'm saying I can't find proof
when people just throw that out there
because you could say so here's what the
Guardian says vessel that hang a Ganga
is no kremlin powerbroker that's what
they say this is the Guardian she is no
kremlin power broker having spent most
of her career working on business
disputes in the court rooms of the
Moscow region a province that surrounds
but does not include the city itself
that's from The Guardian okay so I know
two guys who are who are lawyers who
work for the Young Turks you could say
those people are all there DC connected
lawyers why because they work with
politicians who work in DC I've seen him
interview him I've seen him do you see
what I'm saying you could just say the
same thing about anybody she's a lawyer
in Russia she's Kremlin link again I'm
not saying she isn't but this isn't
proof that she is
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens there's a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
