skateboarders got together for an
informal competition recently and this
took place at Dolores Park at that point
cops
allege that people living in the
neighborhood called the police because
they were blocking the streets making a
lot of noise and being disruptive at
that point several police officials
showed up and things started to get
pretty bad at this point there were
reports that some of the skateboarders
were annoyed that the cops were blocking
off the street and not allowing them to
compete with one another the
skateboarders did not have a permit for
this competition thus making it informal
and so now there are videos circulating
around the internet showing how one
skateboarder was going down the hill and
how a cop might have intentionally
purposely gotten in the way so he would
fall and hurt himself now I'm gonna let
you guys judge for yourselves we have
the video take a look
okay so one part of the story I think is
it's too much to say obvious but I so
there's two parts the the kids are
trying to rise through these cop cars
that have blocked the street because
they can't get them off the street so
they're trying to block the street so
they won't keep skating three
skateboarders have already gone through
that little hole between the cars
everybody's having fun they're like yeah
and then they're all trying to defy the
cops by going through there so this cop
gets in the middle of that and in that
video you can see he throws his shoulder
right that's my assessment what we'll
see what you guys think and don't throw
a shoulder at the kid because he's gonna
go flying like he did he could have
gotten really really really hurt as it
was he was pretty hurt right so that
part is pretty obvious but the part to
me that's a little bit more suspect and
then some of you guys get hate me for
this but so they were doing Hill bombing
and so they go down the huge hills in
San Francisco as fast as they can and
then a lot of them crash of course and
then you have to call ambulances and
that happened actually repeatedly when
when this incident was going on and they
call the nambas for that kid but they
call it ambos for a couple other kids
because they go all the way down the
hill and they crash and they're like
okay now I'm gonna need taxpayer dollars
to bail me out because I was so stupid
that I went down this hill at this speed
and I'd made a mess of it and so looks
look am I the kind of guy who wants to
over-regulate skateboarders know they
they showed up without permits dude
skateboarders aren't gonna get permits
I'm fine of course that's totally fine
right and and I'm trying not to be too
much of a grandpa but on the other hand
skateboarders sometimes total dicks so
they jump in front of your car and then
they look if you look until somebody
runs you over and then it's not hahaha
anymore so and then what do they do then
they go from like hahaha - oh my god I
can't believe you did that
yeah
you know what really grinds my gears
those skateboarders yes yes yes
drop it have it's in a poll we have to
though is should the skateboarders have
been fine is this not a it's not an
interesting question should the cop have
clothesline - dude he didn't close let
him but he bumped him enough
no of course he shouldn't have done that
right and should they get a permit no
dude I'm do you have you may get a
permit every time you wanna go
skateboarding right but if the neighbors
said we cannot use the street there they
keep going up and down the street we're
afraid that if we go on the street we're
gonna hit them so and and so and they
are going for hours and hours and hours
can you guys help us so the cops come
they didn't arrest anybody and but and
I'm not saying put them in jail that's
crazy but I would find them you'd find
them yeah yeah look I I I wish I knew
look if what the neighbors were saying
is true right because keep in mind the
cops are saying the neighbors called us
and that's why we showed up if what the
neighbors are saying is true and what
the cops are saying is true then yes I
agree with you they should be fine
because you can't block roads like that
right especially just for fun and games
I guess I agree with you sure so I say
they should be fine by the way we want
your answer to tea white tea network.com
/ skateboard should the San Francisco
cops have find the skateboarders by the
way here I'm being more draconian than
the cops because the cops did not find
them did not arrest them did not do
anything except for the fact that they
shouldered them into oblivion
okay so except for that giant exception
so Junior curious what your take on it
is well fines come from Eli's doing
things that they're not supposed to be
doing if they're riding down the street
you're gonna get fines in general for
that because you probably can't do that
I'm assuming that somewhere on the books
so finding is probably something that
could already happen I don't like these
things but I think it may help whatever
the equivalent of this is like you know
also skaters put like the wax on the
sides of like stool
maybe I benches and stuff like that and
they they
you can slide and it really ruins
everything you're looking at a big black
streak of like tar or whatever look here
wax and then so instant stop that they
put these little bumps yeah along like a
thing that they was flat on you can't
slide across them it has a bunch of
speed bumps on it yeah so I don't know
the equivalent of this but if they're
started getting probably people shooting
down these hills and killing themselves
because they're going to eventually I
don't know what it is you put where
skaters can't do it anymore cuz finding
them first off once you do find them
look like there was 50 of them out there
right they're not all gonna pay the fine
that upright can't pay the fine and then
they'll just do it the next yeah I'm not
sure that that's the case so by the way
there by the end there was 400 of them
out there yeah and so I could be totally
wrong about this and I'm sure that it's
a mix but I feel like some of the skate
guys are come from wealthy families and
they're like there's no consequences you
know like I own the world so I go down
your hell anytime you like I like it I
don't give a damn right not that they're
poor just like they won't pay the fine
or they'd be like oh no their dad's
gonna pay that or it's not gonna be
deterrent as the point like we're even
if they gets paid it's not they're not
gonna go I'm gonna stop doing that I've
got a $50 fine are usually a deterrent
ya know I don't know but look at me or
maybe you're a kid and and and and fifty
dollars a lot five hundred dollars is an
unbelievable amount right and so I'm
positive some of them are poor middle
class etc and I don't want to devastate
that the the guys that are not in good
economic condition in the first place on
the other hand like their attitude of I
don't care about anybody else as long as
I'm having fun is super annoying to me
yeah I just wait until you're a dolt
you never get to have fun and also I
assume some of these guys are probably
of age that I'm sure playing these guys
were over 18 years old so we're calling
kids but they're probably it's almost
the thing that bothers me is it's almost
a Republican attitude like I have no
empathy for you I have no empathy for
anybody on the street I have no empathy
for anyone else
hey man it's it look it reminds me of
Turkish traffic where everyone believes
that they own the road yeah it's their
road everybody else is on there for
reasons they can't understand well I
feel like they own
so well that's all nothing all right not
normally this is really unfair because
normally we go to chief justice hey sis
Gordo who is a skateboarder and he'd
regulate on our ass he's not here today
jacory is here jacory you're filling in
for the chief justice
indeed so what say you jr. I agree it's
a it's a violation of traffic it's
something that interrupts the flow of
things I totally get that you don't
throw people into cars man come on
you're there to protect safety Jr
brought up a really good point of their
speed bumps that's something that you
could install because it's it's a jump
the bumps yeah yes that's not those
speeds that's that's not something you
can really just jump over and I think
that would just cause general safety
over all cuz I agree the fines it's you
can find what how many max before the
rest of them get away and then they're
back the next day that's not that's
gonna determine one two of them of all
economic standings all over this
spectrum you know yeah it's it's not
just on that real problem yeah you know
that you bring up an interesting point
both you guys do that makes me
reconsider a little bit is in order to
give somebody a fine you have to get
them to stop for a second and write out
the fine and they're not gonna stop and
they're gonna chase them down and then
there's gonna be beatings somebody's
gonna get this skateboard broken over
their heads
so anyway nonetheless is a war that's
been going on for like 60 years now at
least since skateboards are first
invented it's it's not something that's
ever gonna go away it's you live in San
Francisco with huge Hills it's kind of
something you have to look out for there
are plenty of look out for kid signs
kids kind of make idiotic moves
sometimes you got to be aware of their
kicks when you're operating when you're
operating a vehicle that can take out a
pedestrian you live in a hilly city
there gonna be people on skateboards are
gonna be people on bikes I always say
that I do BMX and it's it's a similar
hobby I always say that I'm safe from my
bike then say a 40 year old woman that
just got a new bike and is riding for
the first time they're all people all
sorts of people over the road with all
different abilities
riding in there people honestly people
that are a danger to themselves already
that's kind of a risk of being on a road
everyone's all over the spectrum of
ability
so it's Drive Safely drive defensively
and look out for pedestrians yeah these
are reasonable points I'm still voting
for a fine no because there's got to be
some consequence if there's no
consequence at all they're like okay
screw you are gonna do whatever I want
by the way the pendulum swung too far in
the path in the past they'd be draconian
punishments on skateboarders
skateboarding's not allowed anywhere we
hate your skateboarders it's like calm
down dude let them skateboard in the
park and have some fun and it's okay and
they do that crazy stuff that I never do
and they break their ankles and that's a
sad day for them I'm just saying and
once you're like endangering other
people yes I find was just the skaters
that are falling off their boards all
these know only it's in this particular
case as far as we know only the skaters
got hurt but imagine if there was car if
the neighbors were like okay then screw
it on drive it on the street then a lot
of people could have gotten hurt so okay
I'm voting YES on a fine what do you
vote sure I mean I don't know if it's
gonna work but sure okay we got two
boats with you Jer no no jacory I vote
no all right to to to jury of your peers
so that goes to you guys you'll be the
tiebreaker should San Francisco cops
have find the skateboarders TYT Network
comm slice skateboard okay you will be
the ultimate judge of this and for the
last time because I know that you guys
are all gonna yell at me for the wrong
things the cops should not have put a
shoulder into that kid okay
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm /join
