oh god I hate this guy a lot ok
representative Steve King was speaking
to Alison cammarata Cammarata on CNN and
they were specifically addressing the
fact that the House Appropriations
Committee would like to allocate a
whopping 1.6 billion dollars to begin
construction on the border wall now it's
interesting because that money will come
from US taxpayers not from Mexico as our
president promised and Cammarata decided
to ask Steve King about it do you think
it's a good idea to do this
take a look comfortable of Congressman
with providing 1.6 billion dollars of
taxpayer money not from Mexico to build
that wall absolutely yes and more and
I'd throw another 5 billion on the pile
and I would find a half of a billion
dollars of that right out of Planned
Parenthood's budget and the rest of it
could come out of food stamps and the
entitlements that are being spread out
for people that haven't worked in three
generations we've got to put America
back to work this administration will do
it and we got to let we got to free them
up so that they can and support the
right agenda for this country but he's a
great pro-life representative especially
considering the fact that the vast
majority of people who benefit from
these food stamps are actually kids more
than 40 million Americans receive food
stamps and nearly two-thirds of them are
children elderly or disabled the average
household on food stamps had income had
an income of less than $10,000 a year by
the way it's a really interesting
conversation when you put everything
into context because his argument is we
got to build that wall to keep Mexicans
out because they're taking all our jobs
while he simultaneously says oh you know
these lazy motherfuckers you know taking
them you know mooching off the
government you know they need to go out
there and work ok so which one is it is
it that they can't work because Mexicans
are taking their jobs or is it because
they're lazy and they're just taking
advantage of the government hmm that's a
good point so here's the things that
bothered me then worked in three
generations what do you know dude what
does that mean so look I don't want you
to get me wrong like are they I'm not
naive dude who's like no everyone who's
ever received government assistance is
heavenly an angelic no there's some
bumps
there are I don't mean homeless people I
mean a bum who sits around and takes it
and and so yeah is that the majority no
we just gave you the stats two-thirds
are kids elderly or disabled so and you
don't have any stats to back up your
claim the three generations of bums
exist and that they are the majority of
the people taking food stamps and who
are you calling bums anyway because you
know like he keeps like look everything
Steve King does is remember when you
talked about the Mexicans crossing the
border with a cantaloupe calves because
they're bringing dragging so much drugs
in but their calves grew out of
proportion this guy's a lunatic when it
comes to racial stuff and he's the one
that talked about how they had to
maintain white you know European
ancestry and culture here here in
America so the guys so when he talks
about three generations of people not
working you know who he's talking about
but the reality is you knows on food
stamps and Medicaid interesting stat
one-third of West Virginia is on
Medicaid one-third of West Virginia I
have to give you the stats on this
because it's pretty amazing so a
document circulated on Capitol Hill in
May said that a White House budget
proposal would slash 193 billion from
the SNAP program Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program
a CNN analysis though found out that of
the top ten places with the largest
percentage of residents who use snap
seven voted for Trump in the 2016
elections and so again we have a of the
population here that continuously votes
against their best interests and we have
to get to the bottom of why that is why
is that happening I mean obviously
there's misinformation there being
misled they're being manipulated and
it's frustrating because you try to give
evidence and provide information about
what's really going on to look out for
them and they reject it as elitist
propaganda and it's like no no what
you've bought
into is the propaganda well part of
Grauman's that programs is actually care
about Americans
so if progressives are as cold and
calculating as Republicans are they go
oh you want to Trump great that's it
we're cutting food stamps in all the
places and yeah that's gonna hurt some
of our constituencies going to hurt your
constituents way worse so let West
Virginia for once feel the consequence
of voting for a Republican
you know West Virginia was had the
second biggest margin for Trump out of
any state in the country they had a
forty two point margin for Trump okay
well Trump and the Republicans want to
cut Medicaid as an example by seven
hundred and seventy two billion dollars
according to the last Senate proposal
which Trump loves okay let's cut all
your Medicaid in West Virginia and all
of a sudden a third of the state has no
health insurance and then you take away
food stamps from West Virginia to give
any idea the kind of devastation you
would have you know where West Virginia
ranks in economic well-being they ranked
48th in median income there's only 50
states so but Democrats won't do it and
I'm not saying they should by the way
I'm also progressive I would never want
to do that to West Virginia never right
because we actually care about you guys
so the Republicans are willing to do it
to you and then cover up for it and then
but the Democrats will fight to the nail
some of them not all of them but we'll
fight the tooth and nail to make sure
that doesn't happen to West Virginia but
if they once just said all right have at
it Hoss you want Republicans you want
their policies here's their policies go
ahead right and so I know the wrongs
would have a whole new set of lies about
that but the reality is that they have
is you can tell from Steve King if
you're someone who is relying on food
stamps because your families are run on
hard times you think this guy's got your
back you've got to be out of your mind
to think that he can't wait to cut the
money that your family relies on so he
can give even more tax cuts to the rich
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks downloaded streaming
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT now
dot-com /join
