Politico held its annual political
convention in Los Angeles this past
weekend I participated in a number of
panels including one on Medicare for all
even though I was the only person
defending the legislative proposal to
offer universal health care to all
Americans you should definitely check
out the discussion on the young turks
youtube channel when you get a chance
just go to youtube.com slash the young
turks but one of my favorite moments
this weekend was watching Charlie Kirk
the head of conservative group Turning
Point USA loses temper like the petulant
child that he is it all happened while
Kirk was debating Hasan piker a
colleague of mine here at TYT Network
Kirk challenged piker to disclose his
salary or quote go live like a socialist
now shockingly piker obliged and did
disclose his salary even though it
wasn't really relevant to the debate
that's when TYT founder and CEO Jiang
huger who was sitting in the audience
right next to me asked Kirk to reveal
his salary
finally Kirk had this hilariously
unhinged reaction the point is larger
than that Charlie lived like a
capitalist every single day Hank let us
exactly
what do I do
I get Garrity every single year okay
that looked like a prime example of a
snowflake getting triggered to me so why
did Kirk lose it when you gir simply
asked him the same question Kirk as
hiker well it could be because Charlie
Kirk regularly misrepresents where
turning-point gets its funding from
here's an example from the same
explosive exchange we are funded by the
grassroots of this country
you could try to demagogue it all you
want but wait wait wait did he just
really say that Turning Point USA is
funded by the grassroots of the country
because no it's not it's actually funded
by the very millionaires and
billionaires who love the deregulation
and tax cuts that further exacerbate
income and wealth inequality in the u.s.
that's precisely the reason why Kirk
regurgitates free-market talking points
during his propaganda tours across the
country don't believe me you know I
always come correct with the specific so
let's get to it
now 2017 International Business Times
report lists several of turning-points
donors and they're far from grassroots
from 2014 to 2016 the IDI Yulin
Foundation gave Turning Point USA
$275,000 including 175,000 in 2016
Richard uhland the founder of a
lucrative shipping business and
president of the foundation named after
his father is a Republican mega donor
and a free markets smaller government
Crusader from the Chicago area but
there's more the Family Foundation of
Republican Illinois Governor Bruce
rauner a former private equity executive
worth an estimated five hundred million
dollars
gave turning-point u.s. a $150,000 from
2014 to 2015 and that's according to tax
records something that you guys can look
up yourselves if you don't trust me
now in 2015 Home Depot co-founder Bernie
Marcus his Foundation donated seventy
two thousand six hundred dollars to
Turning Point USA Marcus is a major GOP
donor having given five million dollars
to the pro Trump super PAC rebuilding
America now and millions more to
spending groups affiliated with the
Republican House and Senate during the
2016 cycle but there's more guys other
GOP mega donors to the group include
Henry and Lindh Bradley Foundation and
the Richard and Helen DeVos foundation
named after the in-laws of current
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos hmm
one other tidbit from Kirk's exchange
with ugar includes his claim that he
gives to charity every single year what
do I do I get charity every single year
yeah not quite charlie unless the
charity are talking about is a
foundation that's actually tied to
Turning Point USA The Daily Beast looked
into some tax filings and found that
quote turning-point reported one point
eight seven million dollars in grants to
other charitable groups but the vast
majority of that sum was given to an
affiliated nonprofit arm The Turning
Point endowment to which the IRS granted
tax-exempt status this year it reported
an additional forty five thousand
dollars in grants to individuals but the
forum doesn't list who those individuals
are in other words Kirk is a liar and a
paid shill I like to think of him as
more of a gigolo for the rich
unfortunately he is good at basically
pulling a fast one on young people who
support him while the college students
he spreads his propaganda to we'll be
dealing with the negative ramifications
of Trump's tax cuts and deregulation
Kirk has convinced them that the real
enemy is the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau which fought and won
hundreds of millions of dollars for
students and soldiers who had been
defrauded by various businesses simply
put Kirk is against the same parts of
government that keep his greedy bosses
in check now I'm always fair
and I have to point out that Charlie did
tell the truth about one thing during
his meltdown I'd like to compost every
single day Hank
indeed you do charlie indeed you do oh
did you like that video well that's
great because you never have to miss
another episode of no filter all you
have to do is just hit the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
