this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket com so IDC is the
independent Democrats in New York or
they were so what is this group it's a
nonsense group created by Angel Cuomo he
claims he didn't create it it's a total
lie I'll explain why in a second he
created it so that he could have an
excuse to vote with Republicans and he
can say oh well golly gee what could I
do their promise bit well New York's a
very blue state whether a Senate is very
mixed so the Democrats this independent
Democrats kind of like Joe Lieberman go
and and hold all the power because
they're the swing votes and they could
decide who wins and who doesn't and some
of the times they decide the Democrats
gonna win when angel Cuomo gives them
the green light and a lot of times they
say oh well no I decided the Republicans
are gonna win it's a trick now we said
it was a trick from day one in fact that
group got formed immediately after Cuomo
got elected governor interesting timing
but the timing gets more interesting so
when Cynthia Nixon challenged Cuomo and
that news came out immediately after
that news came out she's a celebrity he
was a little bit more worried there's
some progressive wins in the country at
the time there was not as many but still
he was being careful and voil√° he had
lunch
this is reported no one's denying it
were they independent Democrats and said
you're now done son you're gone your
group doesn't exist anymore particularly
Jeff Klein the one for the senator from
the state senator from the Bronx and he
was the one who you know who spearheaded
it to begin with with the governors
presumed approval so wasn't it you know
there's still argument over whether it
was Cuomo's idea sitting up in Albany to
do it or Geoff Klein and some of the
others were so tired of the way it was
going at least to be able to move their
caucus over would have been something
they want to do but the governor didn't
stop them or fight them as any
Democratic governor would do he just
allowed it to go on so look I got no
love for Geoff Klein you want to blame
Geoff Klein - have at it Hoss okay
but it's Cuomo responsible absolutely no
question it got formed right after he
got elected it got disbanded the minute
he he literally disbanded it himself
when Cynthia Nixon entered the race at
what he bought he stopped bothering to
have a pretense he got them in a room
and said you are finished he was
obviously in charge the whole time and
it is like the prototypical corporate
establishment Democrat move so like
because in a federal level well
Republicans win all the time and so they
control the house or they control the
Senate or both so a Democratic president
could go there was nothing I can do
even but in the case when the
Republicans don't have power you gotta
find an excuse and are almost always
called independent Democrats not
independent Democrats like Bernie
Sanders that are seen to the left and
it's more progressive those are the ones
the corporate Democrats tell y'all
they're not real gerber crowds
they're not real Democrats their
progresses cuz their mind a real
Democrats a sellout it's a corporate
show so what did Obama do we could have
pushed for single-payer decided not to
push for singleplayer gonna have public
option so at least we have an option for
to not use private health insurance and
he had a supermajority he had 60
Democrats in the house he had that I'm
sorry in the Senate in the house he had
everything he needed
here comes independent Democrat Joe
Lieberman to the rescue and Joe
Lieberman said I'm not for a public
option I'll vote with the Republican so
I was like oh thank you I really
appreciate it Joe Lieberman by the way
his mentor in the Senate and they had a
good nice little handshake and they said
I couldn't do it I couldn't do because
of you Joe isn't that funny that's
really funny so they didn't do the
public option and even though they had
every opportunity in the world they set
up a system where private insurance was
still in charge and by the way look at
it now for prices are still sky-high and
it progresses get blamed for it so now
in the state of New York you go there at
any time corruption needed to be blocked
Otacon Jim nothing we could do man are
they independent Democrats golly gee
anytime any progressive me if they need
to have it now did some progressive
extras happen in the course of all this
time with Cuomo yes they
we're fair so gay rights got advanced in
the state of New York that's wonderful
by the way they did it through
corruption they bribed for Republicans
to flip over but I'll take it
I mean I'll take advancement I I don't
want it to come through corruption okay
but it but at least it was something
positive and that happened but it's easy
to be progressive on social issues but
when you get to corporate issues and
money that's where you need the
independent Democrats the constantly
well the Republicans so that it corrupt
Andrew Cuomo's of the world can go turns
out Cynthia Nixon enters erasing
something he could have done all along
you could have that lunch anytime he
wanted and disbanded them so Cuomo is
winning tonight and likely it will win
we have a call actually in fact here you
go right in the middle of our live
coverage it has been called for Andrew
Cuomo yes and he had too big a lead from
the get-go
so Andrew Cuomo the winner in New York
can I mention one thing on that yeah
it's just in our election notes in the
final three weeks of the campaign he
spent eight point five million dollars
compared to Nixon's four hundred and
fifty thousand dollars twenty times as
much money well that's but that's
exactly why Andrew Cuomo likes
corruption corruption isn't the problem
for him it's the solution so now what do
we have left is we're covering this
election live and and any time we're
doing election nice guys don't miss it
if there's ever an election to rt.com
/live there's gonna be a giant one on
November 6 Ted Cruz Andrew Gilliam
versus two Santa's 26 just Democrats etc
don't miss it okay now we're gonna track
this tonight for you guys how those that
so the IDC in New York those are the
so-called independent immigrants how
they are doing tonight what I'm rooting
for a big time and which is entirely
possible is that they all lose in our
sent home and never soul the earth of
New York State again okay they are the
worst of the worst
they are wolf in sheep's clothing their
corporate shills who pretend to be on
your side and then screw you over every
single time so now having said that
let's check in on their races and see
how they're doing
so so far that is some of the good news
and although it looks like he will be
maintaining his position in the
governor's mansion he might find that
some of the people who are helping him
to achieve his goals in the underhand
way are suddenly replaced by the people
who are gonna be holding the most
accountable we're not done with these
races just yet but if we start off
there's been a number of challenges to
former IDC members former they're still
you know they still their goals
zelner Amiri running against Jesse
Hamilton zelner Mary currently up by 12
points nice working families party
candidate what about back suet excellent
John Liu is the next one and all right
okay John Liu is currently absent oh is
he okay
well he is up by two points over Tony
Avella right now and what percentage
reporting what percentage on these races
I don't know probably similar I do so it
in there in the governor's race it was
in the 20s yes
so these races especially close ones if
they're in the 30s 30s now that means
that it could go either way if you're up
or you're down by four points with only
thirty percent reporting it doesn't mean
a thing it means something but it
doesn't but there's still a lot to go if
you're down by a lot with 30 percent
reporting you're done so this is what we
tell you on every election night it's
really important you understand this
context it depends on where the votes
are coming from and the second thing
that matters is the percentage of
precincts reporting because let's say
you get to 50 percent if you're down by
10 that means you got to win the next 50
by 20 okay and it becomes more and more
prohibitive as the night wears on so
though for the people that are beating
the IDC guys they're in good shape
especially if you're up by 10 that's a
really good solid number if you're
losing by 2
don't sweat it yeah but by the same
token you know it's different for a
statewide that Maxim holds statewide
much more than it would in a small tiny
state senator state assembly district
because there isn't as much diversity
within the confines of a district as
there would be in a state terms of book
that's right so the the percentage might
hold more in a smaller area than it
would in a more diverse area like the
state of New York where Manhattan and
queens might be very different than
Buffalo Syracuse
now just quick mention so they don't
forget
Salazar is up actually by 14 points over
Martin and Dylan just buy all of those
scandals over time earlier or attempts
can ewald's so we also have Alessandra
biology going against Geoffrey Klein had
actually been up up until a few minutes
ago is currently down by two points 5149
okay
that that is one of the most important
race of the night and it would be
fantastic if Jeff Kline lost see these
guys think they're so smart and clever
you know that they're gonna and by the
way for a long time they largely had the
press on their side so it was easy to
trick people the press I have a couple
of issues with it one is it's largely
corporate and so they don't think like
we do they think what do you mean
supported corporations they're
pro-business I said that's a plus for
them right and you they don't get it
that pro-business doesn't mean is it's
not in a bubble a lot of times that is
by taking advantage of the consumers and
the citizens etc if they didn't do that
they're not be pro-business two giant
difference oftentimes they get campaign
donations independent expenditures and
then voila
they give things to our taxpayer money
to those businesses that is what you
almost never see including by the way so
there's a corporate press cable news and
all those guys and then there's places
like the New York Times and I think they
have a different problem the problem
their attempts is not that they're not
genuine it's not that they're not decent
people trying to do the right thing but
they grew up you know in a bubble we're
talking about how having more money it's
a good thing but you know in the in the
reality is Nigel Cuomo just spent eight
half million dollars like John just told
you I think that's a good thing that
mean a million dollars IBC got eight and
a half million dollars in bribes the
corporations don't give to a politician
because they're looking to cure cancer
but they give it to them because they're
looking for a return on investment and
the fact that the New York Times does
not report that just like that is a
giant failing of the New York Times
gigantic I mean is there are the
reporters of the New York Times so
gullible so ridiculously naive that they
think that all those real estate
interests are giving money to Angelo
Cuomo what for their health because
there
you know what I really am interested in
gay rights know they're doing it to get
favors and what does Andrew Cuomo give
them he gives them favors in spades
he's done more for the real estate
industry and their money against the
interest of most of the citizens of New
York than you could possibly imagine so
that that's and then this media creates
a situation where you'd have the IDC and
they would go oh no no what to we're and
if you should applaud us because we are
independent and bipartisan and the most
important thing in the mainstream media
is are you bipartisan or you're
bipartisan who cares if you're
bipartisan are you for the people what
do you what are the policies that you
care about but no they to somebody
working even a good person at the New
York Times their number one thing is are
you civil and ID number two is are you
bipartisan well that that protects the
status quo so but now the internet
exists so the IDC is exposed so ten
years ago eight years ago six years ago
right you don't want to go back too far
that IDC doesn't exist let's say six
years ago okay IDC oh well important
interesting group and will there be some
criticism the press of course they're
not a monolith and they're not bad
people and they'd some of them are good
reporters there'll be critiques from
time to time but overall you know hey
you know you tell me this I'm gonna put
it in the paper now the internet can't
stand the IDC and the word is out and so
it's still a balancing act the internet
is you know it's competitive with
television in the papers but has it
overtaken everything and when I say the
internet what do I mean do I just mean
the entirety of the internet is for
progressives no but our people a younger
generation that grew up online more
progressive yes but more important than
any of that is they can do something
simple called googling it okay they
could look things up whereas in the old
days TV just jammed it down your throat
bipartisan is awesome they still do it
to this day they do it right
whereas now if you know yeah that's
interesting you tell me it's awesome but
I read an article from the intercept or
The Guardian or I watch The Young Turks
or wherever and they told me that their
voting record is actually terrible and
so I think the internet is
we haven't won completely yet we're not
at the end of that process we're in the
middle of that process
so can I see quick question so the
editorial board for the New York Times
called and roost Cuomo sleazy and the
lowest form of politics and then
endorsed him hmm I don't so what is that
just pathology or is that they're
they're good people but they're just
morons or no it's group think it's
groupthink it's a bubble I'm telling you
right now the New York Times editorial
board that's why I say they're not bad
people they and they're not stupid they
see where chromosome there was a Ethics
Board that was investigating the people
Cuomo wanted investigated they then
started investigating him and then he's
like okay no no it's good it's good yeah
I want the earthing sport right that's
good that's getting me good that's
wonderful they're like okay now we found
some stuff he said whoa what do you mean
you found stuff you're disbanded he just
disbanded a group looking into him
because they found things it's Trump II
and it's very trumping yeah and so the
New York Times they see that they're not
bad people they're not that gullible
they call that out they say that's bad
okay good good good wonderful and and so
so that's why they call them sleazy but
to the New York Times editorial board
the idea of endorsing Cynthia Nixon is
unthinkable
a progressive who doesn't have in their
mind enough experience now Michael and I
had this debate on a previous election
I'm not a debate but a discussion to me
I don't want them having the experience
of being a sleazy corrupt politician I
don't view that as a positive I've you
that is a giant giant negative I take a
person off the street all over Andrew
Cuomo I went literally literally I would
take a person off the street over a guy
I know to be corrupt the devil you know
is better than the devil you don't know
know the devil I know I already knows a
devil the guy might turn out to be
decent and see the it makes it has
positions that I totally agree with but
the New York Times thinks a progressive
without my beloved establishment
credentials hell no hell no that's and
and if you told them that they would be
outraged because they genuinely believe
that they are honest actors I'm not
saying they're dishonest actors I'm just
saying they are a little bit
no no I'm not I'm saying they're come
from a group thing mentality right where
they viewed lattice quo as as a given
right so it no matter how sleazy Cuomo
is one thing given we're going endorse
most especially because New York City
politics are a lot like Andrew Cuomo and
habit doesn't sound excuse but for a
century you know certainly my entire
life growing up in New York City was was
the theater of New York City policies I
mean mario Biagi the father of
Alessandra biaggi who we want to see be
Jeff Klein tonight he almost went to
prison and had to resign from the house
he was a Bronx politician tough corrupt
beloved you know and that was that era
of politics when George Pataki went to
Albany he came not from the city it was
a different kind of politics up there he
wasn't able to get a ton done but it
certainly changed the feel then Cuomo
goes back up there and he brings the New
York City Cuomo machine politics up
there and that's what you have and it
trickled down to the ledge and all of
the things that happen there happened
because of that kind of you know it's a
group thing politically you were talking
about an editorial board which is by
definition almost a groupthink and and
that's what they had there so the New
York Times you can understand would be
so accustomed to oh yeah this is and
Raqqah we know what this is this is it
like you're talking devil you know and
and that's because it has been so
entrenched in New York and it's so hard
to fight with a New York City politician
to an Albany I'm not excusing it's just
really no no that's why it's great to
have this panel because you're right
that is the correct analysis of that
phenomenon that goes on New York but
it's not just New York I'll just say
there's one more thing it I'm now
covered every single state in this in
this primary season and same thing in
Kansas same thing in Hawaii same thing
all over the country but every paper
thinks if you're an establishment
politician you're legitimate if you have
raised a lot of money you are legitimate
if you are an outsider you are
illegitimate I will not give you a free
press I will give an institutional
gigantic advantage for your
establishment opponent because of that
groupthink because they think outsiders
by definition and most progressives are
outsiders are not legitimate
and that groupthink has caused the
progressive movement literally millions
perhaps billions of dollars in free
media coverage that the establishment
candidates get and that is unintentional
but really important systemic corruption
so a few updates I'd like to give that
we could get back you to this it has
been called for Julius Salazar so
despite all of the attempts to take her
down
awesome candidate out of a state
legislature level reminiscent in terms
of policy and obviously background in
some ways as Alexandria Cortes so that's
a huge win for progressives excellent
excellent by the way Alessandria bialys
back up again by two points excellent on
that is and look it's not a good night
to be an IDC they're they're two of the
challengers I think are not currently
beating the former ITC members but the
majority are that's excellent
and so guys I and I want you to
understand that to these progressive
victories are really stunning because
they're against all odds they're against
the odds and media coverage they're
against the odds and money they're in
the against the odds in fighting the
machine so you should not understand to
depress that hey kuma had a big win
against Cynthia Nixon in the big marquee
matchup taking out the IDC in New York
with all those odds against you it right
now is we're doing this larger Monty
Williams doing great in the
lieutenant-governor race almost
miraculously so much better then than in
the governor's race which is as Michael
explained earlier bizarre phenomenon so
these progressive the growth and and and
if they turn into victories victories
tonight and other victories that we have
seen I wouldn't say they're miraculous
that's too strong we we told you exactly
how they were gonna happen if they were
gonna happen and that is how it's played
out now have you said that they are a
sign of incredible strength for the
progressive movement now imagine what
they could do if the odds are even and I
think that they're going to be a lot
closer to even in the year 2020 because
once you put all those wins on the board
you've proven out something and then we
have to year
to work on the rest of the press to go
hey knucklehead sometimes you should
look at other factors other than who was
taking the most amount of corporate
money on the go don't worry we got you
covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
