our continuing coverage of the
Republican attempt to destroy Obamacare
as we previewed yesterday the new
version of the Republican health care
bill has now been released in this video
we're gonna break down what it actually
changes from the previous version and
what it keeps the same and then try to
get an idea of the likelihood that it
will actually be passed so a couple of
the big picture topics from this new
version the Senate's revised health care
bill still includes an estimated six
hundred and fifty seven billion dollars
in tax cuts by eliminating the health
law's taxes on the medical industry and
its individual mandate penalty for not
carrying coverage but it does continue
to taxes aimed at wealthy Americans 0.9%
investment tax and a three point eight
percent Medicare payroll surtax so those
are two taxes added by the ACA that
previously were going to be removed in
the earlier version now will be retained
but what's interesting is that they are
doing fewer of the tax cuts than they
were before but most of that money is
not then being put back into increasing
coverage lowering deductibles or
premiums or anything like that
there are a few things that it does do
and we will give credit to those the new
bill includes a forty five billion
dollar program to combat opioid abuse as
well as seventy billion dollars to
offset the costs of expensive patients
in addition to some money that was
appropriated enough in the first version
of the bill but the inclusion of these
taxes does not appear to lead to any
additional funding of the Medicaid
program or offset any of the cuts to the
tax credits in the individual market and
so the biggest problem then is that the
issue a lot of the so-called moderate
Republicans had was that this cuts far
too much from Medicaid and it still does
that it doesn't actually change that the
the returned to the states on Medicaid
is going to continue to drop down
eventually kicking many people often has
a lot of commentators have noted if the
issue was that too many people lost
their health insurance under the old
bill this does nothing to fix that yeah
so the developments today did make me
question a little bit whether they were
actually going to pass it because so
they their cuts to Medicaid continue to
be trakone Ian as John pointed out 772
billion dollars
enormous number to cut for Medicaid now
20 of the senators the Republican
senators are in states that have relied
on the federal government's increased
Medicaid funding under Obamacare so for
example Rob Portman from Ohio
Shelley Mary capito Shelley Moore Capito
sorry from West Virginia they both all
those governors took the Medicaid
expansion so now they're sitting there
going wait you're gonna now kick all
those people off of Medicaid and they're
not gonna do it immediately but it
begins in 2024 so they're very concerned
about that and I think that we're at the
bone here like when you when you hit the
bone you know you've got an issue so
they're gonna lose Susan Collins their
name known from day one she's the Maine
senator from Maine and she's gonna run
for governor of Maine and she says she's
going to expand Medicaid if she can into
Maine so she was almost never gonna vote
for more Kowski from Alaska has said no
if they don't increase Medicaid you know
at least from the first version I mean
she said if you're gonna eliminate
Medicaid expansion or even if you're
going to wind down Medicaid expansion
that's not increasing access and she
said that that was an absolute
requirement on our part was to increase
access there's no way this increases
access well if you lost those two you
have to hold every single other person
and by the way they're all so pissed
that it cuts funding to Planned
Parenthood and they're not in favor of
that yeah so then you got a capito you
got Heller you got Portman you got
Hoeven from North Dakota they've all
said on the record that they don't want
Medicaid cut this much by the way
they're not really moderates you could
cut Medicaid right up to the bone and
they'll say yes right but now this cuts
so much from Medicaid and would
devastate so many people in their states
that they are now worried like we have a
limit to how much we can trick people
with the money you don't give us I think
we this might be beyond the limit and
hence we will lose our power will lose
our seats exactly I mean look they see
the polls they know how unpopular this
bill is and they
that people have been paying a lot of
attention to health care over the past
eight years or so it's not going to go
away as an issue in a year and while
those who you know theoretically are
gonna support the bill they during that
Senate recess they're not holding town
halls they're not actually responding to
the concerns of their constituents some
of those who are kind of no votes at
this point or were last week they did
actually meet up with some constituents
not necessarily in town halls but there
were some like rounds of applause for
those who had said that they were gonna
have a no and so I don't think that they
went back listen to their constituents
and now think you know what I think I
can support this bill I think that
that's an unlikely result from what they
experienced but that's the side of the
so-called moderates you know there were
other the others on the opposite side of
Republicans who weren't supporting this
bill and so why don't we go through some
of their concerns the biggest policy
change that we previewed on the show
yesterday is an amendment to allow
health insurers to deny coverage based
on pre-existing conditions and cover few
benefits basically cutting out those
quote essential benefits as long as they
have one plan available that does cover
those things you would have all sorts of
plans that don't essentially provide the
coverage that you would think you're
getting by paying for health insurance
and that is the the Ted Cruz the Mike
Lee thing so why don't we check in with
Ted Cruz and see if he now supports the
bill thanks to this amendment
my central focus from the beginning has
been on lowering premiums the biggest
reason so many millions of people are
unhappy with Obamacare or suffering
under it is that it's made premium Skaro
I think the way we unite our conference
the way we bring Republicans together
has always been to focus front and
center on lowering premiums the bill
that was announced today includes two
critical provisions designed to lower
premiums the first is the consumer
freedom of Medicine an amendment I
introduced that I've been pushing for
for a long time both of those are big
deals both of those are amendments I
introduced and so I'm encouraged the
bills moving in the right direction I
think we've made very significant
progress expanding choices expanding
options expanding competition and
reducing premiums that that in my view
was always the most important part of
this process so what I hear from that is
that the Conservatives will go along
with this whether actually accomplish
what they wanted or not that they were
able to get enough from the negotiations
that they're gonna vote with the bill
yeah theoretically look look Ted Cruz
this way he gets to imply that he was
the strong conservative that made the
bill more of a bastard than it already
was while also setting up its eventual
destruction because as we've talked
about now for weeks if you do what Ted
Cruz and Mike Lee want and you set up
these plans that that don't actually
provide the health insurance benefits to
those pre-existing conditions essential
health benefits you add the caps and all
of that then you are eventually setting
up a system where the only people who
will go into those now more expensive
plans are those who are sicker and that
will eventually create de-facto
high-risk pools and that will crush the
system over time it will produce the
outcome that they've been saying we
already have even though the CBO keeps
saying we actually do not so that that's
one of the concerns we also have Rand
Paul which we grow in this way
unfortunately the new plan actually
doesn't repeal Obamacare it keeps about
half of the Obamacare taxes keeps most
of the Obamacare regulations keeps most
of the Obamacare subsidies and it
creates a giant Insurance bailout
Superfund and I I just can't vote for a
bill that creates a two hundred billion
dollar fund to bail out insurance
companies I'm just not for that I
promise to repeal Obamacare not to
continue Obamacare so Rand Paul is
doesn't seem like he was ever gonna vote
for this so I think Collins and Rand
Paul are not get up
so that means they got ahold Murkowski
and Heller and all the Conservatives we
are you watched all the concerns yeah
so what's your take they're gonna vote
for it right yeah cuz we're awesome get
to Shelby as well it's it you'll see cuz
it's all based on what McConnell didn't
say before you guys were hurry up and do
this with me or else we're going up to
actually do something like work with
people who maybe some of them every two
or three of them want to do something
thrill with helping the healthcare
system itself but the full context of
what Ted Cruz was saying in
three-and-a-half minutes of those
reporters was I had two things that I
wanted they gave me those two things
myself and someone else a few words
senator he mentioned we headed this
commission to change these things with
it to get us that direction then Mike
Lee and I did this but you notice I did
it was me it was I it was me and that
guy in me then me again and then me and
then me Ted Cruz no so it was it was a
constant like barrage of himself so he
oh he cares about promoting himself cuz
things that he said he wanted to get
done obviously as was outlined isn't
gonna get done it's just in the meantime
it looks like it's leaking look good and
come out glowing before the rest of the
leaders of this party fall apart and
he's trying to stick his head up like
remember I was the leader yeah but talk
about himself I think that so Rand Paul
and Ted Cruz are still angling for
running for president at some point and
Rand Paul's decided attack he's gonna
take is like I'm try didn't vote for
that health care bill because that
thing's gonna explode now ray implies
who wanted to make it worse yeah but
he'll but that'll get lost the Shelf of
he'll just get to say I didn't vote for
it and and Ted Cruz he's angling for the
donor it's like hey donors you wanted to
be more draconian and I got it to be
slightly more draconian I didn't really
get the things that I want but remember
when we when I run for president my
slope is gonna be I'm with him I me me
me remember that okay yeah so you're
gonna go to Shelby yeah whatever I'm
Shelby I do have some problems of this
bill that big taxes are still in there
which I had
talked about being a bad part of any
bill of that bad part of Obamacare but
they'll go for you then because of the
noise then I'm trying to work - yes i
want to work - yes - where we can
salvage something it won't be everything
i wanted which is a straight-out repeal
but if we can get an improvement over
what we have now that will be progress
and we can fight another day but we've
got to fight next week to fight another
day
so yes as this bill stuns senator what
now won't you are you out yes are you a
yes bill oh you oh you count me as a yes
I I know it's a moving target things
change you know you amend it and they
come up with different things but I've
always been a yes it's better than a no
in the status quo which we are in now
which is horrible okay so bottom line is
conservatives looks like they're
rallying to to it yes because if you
think about a man failure is not a good
option for the Republicans if they say
oh well we couldn't repeal Obamacare
that yeah for their base and for their
donors that is a double whammy now the
problem is was it was they repealed put
this in place that's another kind of
whammy but I think that they're also in
the middle of hubris they've been so
draconian they've been so right-wing
they've been so ruthless for so long and
been able to get away with it by just
flooding the airwaves with deceptive
advertising that and and Donald Trump
just won so they think we're gonna be
able to trick them forever I guess
yeah so let's pass a bill that Americans
will hate what is it at 19% right now
yeah yeah I agree with your evaluation
of Shelby I loved how quickly it went
from I want to get to yes kind of
countries yes you can count me as a yes
well there you got that a guy principals
there in Shelby yeah look I think there
between a rock and a hard place but I
don't think that the rock and the hard
place are equally stiff I guess
look mate their base theoretically
wouldn't like it if they didn't repeal
Obamacare they've been saying they're
going to a really long time and some
conservatives have told themselves for
years obviously it's got to go it's
terrible it's terrible but on the other
hand as you say if they pass this new
bill it is going to be the most
unpopular piece of legislation in our
lifetime so that's gonna hurt you and
the thing is that the situation isn't
static over the past two years people's
evaluation of the ACA is changing now I
don't think it's changing as fast for
Republicans as it is for others but it
is more popular than it has been since
the very beginning and that includes a
lot of Republicans and so the penalty
that they would face as a party for not
repealing it is objectively smaller than
it would have seemed a year ago well you
know and I so I don't want this thing
that passed because all I care about
it's policy
so you know Democrats often are the
opposite well what is it gonna take for
the Democratic Party to win yeah yeah
but at the end you're supposed to pass
progressive policy positions so the
Conservatives on the other hand will do
anything to pass conservative policy
positions because that's what they get
paid for so so I don't want it to pass I
think it's gonna devastate a lot of
people but boy if it passes politically
I there I think there could be hell to
pay
so good but it could take a while so
Heller
and Portman and all these folks
Markowski capito in West Virginia they
give you a sense of a devastation here
one-third of West Virginia is on
Medicaid one-third of the entire state
not on Medicare on Medicaid yeah but
after this bill they won't be that's
right and then it's an issue okay then
you want to see some angry folks
I mean hey listen yeah release the
Kraken and see how it turns out for you
if you like this video you'll love the
whole TYT Network check it out at TYT
Network comm slash join
