despite repeatedly contempt condemning
the deal as a candidate Donald Trump is
expected to once again certify that Iran
is abiding by the requirements of the
nuclear deal negotiated under former
President Barack Obama as of right now
under US law the State Department has to
notify Congress every three months of
Iran's compliance with a deal the next
deadline comes up on Monday which means
that 90 days ago approximately he did
certify it even though he spoke out
repeatedly against it I had a file many
pages of him talking about the Iran deal
how bad of a deal it was I'm not gonna
read all of that but I would what will
give you one idea of how much he hates
this thing during a campaign event on
September 6 2016 Trump said if you take
a look at Iran from four or five years
ago they were dying
they had sanctions they were being
choked to death and they were dying
they weren't even going to be much of a
threat they didn't have anything going
and now there were power overnight we've
made them a power he then called the
nuclear deal the highest level of
incompetence he also said this my number
one priority is to dismantle the
disastrous deal with Iran I've studied
this issue in greater detail than almost
anybody by that he means he read not one
but two tweets about it yeah he's like
who would read past one tweet
he's almost 300 characters so I what I'm
greatly amused by is that he is now
sanctioned apparently in his own words
the highest levels of incompetence so
it's like that highest level of
incompetence kind of love it yeah yeah
I'm gonna roll with it so he also said
he would tear it up on day one so none
of that happened so that's good yeah so
this is really good news so we can't
help but make fun of Trump a little bit
and and tell you that it was another
campaign promise that he didn't mean at
all so it's you know lie number 1987 but
in this case thanks God so I I love that
they're not tearing up to deal because
if then we would have a needless extra
conflict in the Middle East God knows
when that would go to war and right now
Iran is not this is not making nuclear
weapons that that deal stopped their
nuclear program altogether they were
making nuclear weapons anyway
we took the nuclear energy away and so
they have no chance of ever weaponizing
their nuclear program because of that
deal it's so great it's one of the
biggest accomplishments of Barack Obama
and the fact that they're not tearing
that that down is good so if you were
wondering why why go against your
campaign promise and help Obama's
accomplishment that doesn't seem very
trumpian at least the latter part
there's a reason why Iran is actually
allied with Russia so the guy who's
blocking tearing up the deal is Rex
Tillerson longtime friends with Vladimir
Putin the guy who wanted to make the
half a trillion dollar deal with Russia
in the first place when he was CEO of
ExxonMobil so lo and behold they get in
office and they're like Ron not so bad
when he was run campaigning during the
worst of the worst but we choked them we
almost murdered all them right that was
like a big thing now they're like flood
says they're okay I read two tweets
about it I think we're good
well Tillerson has had positive things
to say about the deal lately it's
interesting that the last time it was
recertified he did speak out against
Iran and he was not happy with the
entire process although the State
Department did apparently think that
they were abiding by the deal and I do
have to say that what we heard during
last election from not just Donald Trump
but also Ted Cruz wouldn't stop talking
about this deal the way that they tried
to twist ensuring that Iran has
virtually no even theoretical capability
to weaponize the uranium they have or
produce a nuclear weapon that that
increased the like the danger to Israel
specifically was this huge mental leap
that largely the media never questioned
and they were allowed to just present it
as a difference of opinion you take away
their ability to create nukes well maybe
that makes it less likely that if nukes
maybe it ensures that they will and
Trump repeatedly said that this ensures
that they will create nuclear weapons
and he was never really taken to account
for it help us build independent media
together tu i tea network.com / jewelry
