apparently Donald Trump is a fan of
French print the French president's wife
let's take a look
I am going to have a strange defensive
Donald Trump in this story Oh God so
yeah if you're Donald Trump you should
be cognizant enough that you have a
reputation as a creep and a pervert that
you don't go around complimenting first
ladies appearances when you run into
them I mean not only did you go through
the whole grab them by the door uh
throughout the whole campaign and all
the dozens of allegations but you just
got in trouble like a minute ago for
hitting on that Irish reporter in the
White House oh oh come here oh you're
hot I see you why oh geez mom she's got
a preface so plus the flip side
attacking me cos appearance and
attacking women on their appearance
constantly right so wait stop talking
about women's appearances especially if
you are you right have you said that I
don't think he was doing it for that
reason here I think okay I think that
what he was trying to do was butter up
McCrone and and I why he's doing that is
a more interesting story so now there's
a 24 year difference between McCrone and
his wife and so and by the way same
thing for Donald Trump and his wife
except Donald Trump's wife is twenty
four years younger
Mike Rowan's wife is twenty four years
older so I'm sure there's somebody told
Trump hey don't get weighed out his wife
is way older than him so when he sees
her is two possible it's still fairly
young far younger than Donald Trump
himself
I know but yeah I know him so there's
two possibilities he sees her and he's
like oh they told me you were older but
you're in great shape look at her she's
alright she's okay so that's just Donald
Trump being an idiot okay I think the
second possibility and maybe I'm giving
him too much credit here is that he's
like no no she's beautiful she's in good
shape
mike cronin not okay you twenty four
years old but you're fine you're fine
look at this she's hot okay so if by its
self like okay say you look lovely
that's fine don't say you're in
beautiful shape
don't talk about her shape of course
I know I know I'm just talking about why
needed now look this is gonna lead into
an actual important issue so sometimes
we do these stories about the handshakes
and stuff and it's fun right we'll get
to that yes but but I think there's
something important in here too because
listen to Donald Trump's answer when
asked about how dangerous Paris is and
how he has said the terrorists have
basically taken over and you couldn't go
to France or Germany a reporter asked
him about that his answer is very
curious watch you were implying at the
time that Paris was not safe anymore
you've also said that friends in Germany
are infected by terrorism and quote it's
their fault because they let people
enter the territory those are very
strong words would you repeat them today
and you still believe that France is not
able to fight terrorism on its own
territory thank you
you better let me answer that one first
that's a beauty he's the one that asks
the question that wasn't even one of my
picks you know what it's gonna be just
fine because you have a great president
you have somebody that's gonna run this
country right and I would be willing to
bet because I think this is one of the
great cities one of the most beautiful
cities in the world and you have a great
leader now you have a great president
you have a tough president he's not
gonna be easy on people that are
breaking the laws and people that show
this tremendous violence so I really
have a feeling that you can have a very
very peaceful and beautiful Paris
and I'm coming back you better do a good
job please otherwise you're gonna make
me look very bad so that is the nicest
he has ever been to a foreign leader
other than the obvious rather than one
guy we know so look that's actually a
good pivot on Donald Trump's part
because it's pretty hard to answer in
Paris why you thought Paris was
uninhabitable earlier and now he says oh
it's gonna be great he didn't really
answer the question of why did you say
that etc but that's okay so deaf to
answer and a surprising one for Trump
but the real surprising stuff is that
macaron is was really tough on Trump
before and both symbolically and and
also literally in the policies but
symbolically he showed him up he didn't
shake his hand at first when they met
with world leaders and trumpet had
called for him to shake his hand first
and then when they finally shook hands
in another incident Micro shook the hell
out of his hand and then later bragged
and he did it on purpose
and you could see the close-ups of like
Trump's face like yeah and and so he had
shown up Trump in several different ways
Trump nonetheless goes in with an
obvious attempt to to make an ally out
of him it's fascinating know you've got
a tough president not only is he a good
brother he's gonna be tough on the
terrorists he does not say that to
someone he's not buttering up and then
oh your wife she's older but she's a
beautiful shape hey not bad beautiful
though I like that game you know what
I'm saying
that's Trump's way of complimenting you
okay so now I wouldn't even brought up
all that except for the fact that now
all of a sudden there's rumblings that
we might get back into the Paris Accord
now it's a little - I haven't really
heard that okay it's too hopeful it's
the first time that I heard any hint of
it and I wouldn't have given any
credence except for this interesting
display of trying to to accommodate the
French which is totally unexpected from
Trump approach it's and it's totally
possible
I agree ageing it could be as simple as
this I looked at the whole presentation
you watch how the pomp and circumstance
with the broader man he said not many
foreign leaders come in and get the
greeting that here
sieved they took him to the tomb of
Napoleon and they took him to all these
exclusive places that they that they
reserved for their closest friends and
it could be as simple as McCrone looked
at the research and they're like oh you
uh be nice this guy and he's gonna do
everything you want as long as you
you're the man you know you're cool
everybody calls you a name I like your
good guy
who knows what all the things they said
to each other as they walk and he could
have been just like he likes me
okay I like him too he's so simple and
that's what the opposite we researched
talk about opposition research is on
trunk kiss up to him a little bit and
he's gonna do whatever you wanted and it
will say very nice things about you in
public and so it will seem like he yep
is conceding it is a perfectly good
alternative hypothesis I mean there's
many things well I guess we'll see we
can check back in in like a month and
see if there's been any movement on
there yes yeah I I think we know that
this guy if you insult him everything
he's ever said about you doesn't matter
now he is your worst enemy on the other
hand you compliment him and he is your
best friend he did that during the
primary flip-flopping with Chris
Christie and Kasich and all that
I think the geras problem right New York
Times once when they had some one piece
came out about him is that oh yeah these
on me one time he's the Colin Jost star
truth show every day remember that yeah
all right so let's end on a fun note
here and look at the more awkward
handshakes now again this is with first
lady of France and Donald Trump and you
can see the French first lady and I've
met at Macomb who are waiting for the US
president let's take this in for just a
second
who are waiting for the US president
let's take this in for just a second
he's such a spaz then can you dare hand
way that you didn't really fight Mike it
feels wrong with him hold on
it's almost like a zombie like once it's
grabbed you got to get up there it's not
gonna show first of all he knows that
he's going to shake their hands it
happens all the time
so it's not even an unprompted thing but
let's see hypothetically if you had to
have an unprompted handshake could it
not be awkward Jang shaking my hand
that's not difficult that is really not
difficult okay let me I swear we didn't
script that people okay yeah I don't
really do it now let's do it if I was
Donald Trump sorry she didn't say that
stuff I was just reading her mind there
help us build the independent media
together come join us
TYT Network comm /join
