after Donald Trump claimed that he had
ended his zero tolerance policy at the
border you would think that the number
of migrant children being detained in
shelters throughout the United States
would drop it would decline but new
reporting indicates that no it's
actually exploded in recent months and
the New York Times looked into the
numbers and they're pretty devastating
so population levels at federally
contracted shelters for migrant children
have quietly shot up more than fivefold
since last summer reaching a total of
twelve thousand eight hundred this month
there were 2,400 such children in
custody in May of 2017 now Trump as far
as we know did stop the zero tolerance
policy where he was separating migrant
children from their parents however
there has been a surge of children
attempting to cross the border alone and
so as they cross usually what happens is
the Department of Homeland Security will
I'm sorry the Department of Health and
Human Services will try to find a
sponsor who will take these children in
and care for them as the government
tries to figure out what to do now
there's an issue the Trump
administration has made it clear that
they will start collecting fingerprints
of potential sponsors and then they will
send that information over to
immigration officials and so sponsors
are not coming forward so as a result
the number of children in these shelters
has exploded and many of these shelters
are full so in response to that the
Trump administration is saying well we
do have this tent city set up in Texas
which actually costs more than the
shelters do why don't we just go ahead
and expand that and and and house the
children there and houses a euphemism
here because they are being detained so
a couple of factors here the number of
people crossing the border has actually
increased by 38% so what happened I
thought we're going to get tough on them
and then they were going to get
dissuaded turns out they have not been
dissuaded why because they're running
there is disaster in Central
America and they're running for their
lives their parents sometimes sent them
by themselves even though they're kids
because they didn't want them to die so
like the Republicans painted like oh
it's optional they decided to come here
to try to you know milk off of us or
whatever but if we're tough on them and
we separate their kids from them then
they'll know better etc know they're
running for their lives the Syrian
refugees same thing worse obviously
running from Isis so there are these
factors that smart people were taking
their account but Trump and his like or
like oh no you'd be tough then they come
less right so just one simple thing and
it's and it's obviously not the case so
yes more people are coming in but the
biggest problem is actually the fact
that when sponsors used to come to pick
up the kids they would just give them
the kids of course they do some normal
checks etc now they're fingerprinting
the people who're coming to pick up the
kids and turning them in to ice so
because oftentimes the sponsors
themselves are family members who aren't
in the country legally they don't have
documentation to be here and so you know
in the past administrations have kind of
let that slide because what do you do
with the unaccompanied minors you really
have no other option but the Trump
administration's thinking is oh we're
gonna fingerprint them and then send out
information to ice officials and what do
you think they're gonna do they're gonna
well there's reason to believe that
they'll be deported so a lot of sponsors
are afraid to come forward and by the
way just to quickly elaborate on how
this zero-tolerance policy did not serve
as a deterrent look people in Central
America are so desperate because the
violence is so bad that parents are
thinking to themselves okay well I don't
want to be separated by the US
government from my child I'm just gonna
send my child alone yeah well people
these people aren't running into the
country they're swimming to shore from a
burning shipwreck right know that
they're there they're going forward
because there is no going back and there
is no staying where they are and the the
debilitating aspect of the way the Trump
administration is handling this
as in people too dangerous
accommodations of elements our arrogance
and in an ignorance and and this seems
to be policy by malice and incompetence
by turning over these sponsor families
to ice
they then dissuade sponsor families from
coming forward you still have children
coming in and now and this is not a
conspiracy statement but it is an
unfortunate confluence of events there's
a lot of people to make a lot of money
in the detention business oh you're
absolutely right and and I'm not saying
this is all because of that but it does
work out very conveniently we've got a
great way to solve this we make a lot of
money housing people housing people and
you know it's it's a bad it's a it's a
bad solution to a bad problem that was
completely avoidable but you would have
had to have called off your war on
empathy to have been in the situation to
not make that mistake right so Anna
talks about this all the time
you fees the private prison industrial
complex which is gives money to
Republican politicians that's a nice
coincidence now I don't know who runs
the ten cities in particular but the
tent cities cost three times as much you
know how much they cost to chose one
child per day 750 dollars you can get an
amazing hotel room almost anywhere in
the world for $750 somebody's making a
lot of money off there's there's no skim
in that and so this is you know in a lot
of ways crony capitalism where they're
making money I offer this so you think
logically well wait if you can't if
you're gonna try to scare the sponsors
away from picking up the kids then
nobody's gonna pick up the kids and
there's and these we're not gonna be
able to house the kids well you're
thinking rationally as a US taxpayer
they're thinking that's right then
you'll have to use facilities that cost
three times as much and all of our
facilities will be full etc again Dana's
right that's not the only consideration
here but unfortunately it is a
the consideration which then leads to
something that we consider to be a huge
problem but some people consider to be
the solution because it makes them money
it lessens the imperative to change the
policy and solve the problem and what
you have also Trump did not invent the
immigration crisis it's been going over
lighted right Barak Obama had to deal
with it as well he did you know people
were detained families are separated but
on a microcosmic level compared to what
you're dealing with today but what we've
not done is put in a modicum of empathy
why are we having this problem and why
don't we try to address the source of
why these people can't stay in Central
America and and while that's not our
problem to solve we are affected by it
in a way that it cannot be we're not
gonna punish our way out of this problem
well so Dana that's actually such a
great important because if we chose to
we might be able to and I'll tell you
what I mean by that two things as
quickly as I can what is the war on
drugs if we stop the war on drugs so
that you wouldn't have anywhere near as
much criminality and gangs in Central
America as you do because they profit
off of selling marijuana etc so we
actually could if I did every time it's
prohibition there's massive gangs that
come along Al Capone the Chicago gangs
when we prohibited alcohol etc so that's
one thing we can do to actually make
things better
not for the just for the people down
that live down there but that would also
help our immigration problem here in
America the second thing what you do is
look after World War one we decided
we're gonna punish the Germans for being
a war against us and and oppress them
that didn't work out well it led to
something called World War 2 and the
Holocaust okay after World War two we
adjusted and what did we do we did the
Marshall Plan where we helped our former
enemies the Germans and the Japanese and
turn them into our top allies we know
what to do right we're just choosing not
to do it when it comes to the whole
empathy thing I think that our
politicians and some people in the
country lack empathy when it comes to
these immigrants because they serve as a
very convenient scapegoat right pay
attention to them they're the ones who
are taking away your resources your
opportunities it's not you know those in
positions of power
the others since the others focus on
them it's a way of deflecting and using
you know the most disadvantaged
powerless people as the scapegoat so
yeah there's a strain of jock
conservatism yeah that views empathy is
a weakness
it's not that they don't have it it's
that they know what it is they assume it
they they look at it as a weakness and
and that's just an aspect of toxic
masculinity that it's an evolutionary
hangover and I don't know how we we grow
out of it but it's it's certainly toxic
and it hasn't led to any benefit that I
can point to yeah and the second thing I
just wanted to quickly say is you're
right Jake because we always try to do
something about the symptoms of a bigger
problem and the bigger problem is of
course the violence in Central America
why are they leaving their country and
trying to come here it's because of that
violence is because of that gang
activity first off how do you think
ms-13 formed did it form in El Salvador
out of nowhere no it was these were
gangs that formed here in the United
States and then these people were then
deported to El Salvador and then that
gang activity spread and also another
thing that keeps fueling this violence
is you know the drug activity which is
of course pushed by our drug policies
our prohibitions on drugs so it's it's
something that we need to look into like
what is the bigger problem let's solve
that rather than trying to deal with the
symptoms of it yeah look I be forced me
to call it what it is right there
worldview is not that bright it's pretty
stupid so that they they will look at
what's happening with ms-13 and
immigration and they'll say oh it's the
Latinos it's based on race but when we
prohibited alcohol was they Italian as
the Irish the Jews so what okay now are
we lumping them all but everybody else
is fine when there's prohibition in in
Asia
then it's the Asians that become
criminals because prohibition doesn't
work it's so unbelievably stupid to
think that that that that factor is
what's doing it it's actually the normal
forces that go into play when you have
socio-economic political conditions etc
so now the part of
I brought the moisture plan is because
right now the Trump administration is
taking money away from foreign aid so
there's three billion dollars that was
allocated by Congress by law they have
to spend and they won't spend it and
they're taking away hundreds of millions
of dollars at a time they already took
it away from Palestinian schools and
hospitals I bet that won't radicalize
anyone brilliant movie will we punish
them oh yeah that's really smart
took away money from helping victims in
Syria and to help stabilize Syria I
can't imagine how that would help but
because in their simple minds they think
those are bad guys we're good guys we're
not gonna give them money now they have
decided to give Mexico 20 million
dollars yeah so Trump is taking this
foreign aid money and then basically
funneling it to Mexico on the condition
that Mexico help us prevent people from
entering the United States so it's been
you know characterized as Mexico
deportations but it's really about
Mexico preventing Central Americans from
coming into the United States begin with
so let me just be clear a trump who
claimed that Mexico was gonna pay us to
build a wall is now diverting money from
other causes putting it into funneling
it to Mexico so they do the work for us
so just be aware of that that's your
taxpayer money at work and it's a it's
it's a sad reactionary policy that that
doesn't make any logical sense and is
therefore unfortunately innately
American yeah so last thing on this that
money was supposed to help give foreign
assistance to Mexico and that would have
been more Marshall Plan asked so they
decided no that that makes too much
sense we're gonna divert it to try to
stop the immigrants as Ana explained to
you it's just making Mexico deal with a
Central American immigration process
using them as a bumper before they get
to the United States yeah but you have
to realize that the administration now
was was Road anger into power and
the motivating factor of you look at all
of the stories that we're covering today
and I also what is the governing
philosophy there's no it's not a
conservative philosophy it's it's it's
the governing philosophy is an is
reactionary anger yeah and it's it's and
which is no good decisions are made in
rage yeah and and that is the only
logical strain that goes through every
single one of these stories because the
people in power know that it sells yeah
I saw a bumper sticker the other day
that was left over from the 2016
election and it said something along the
lines of me tea or 2016 just ended
already okay
and that's kind of what we got and it
was that kind of you know nuclear anger
that led to Donald Trump and and and the
wall is just a symbol of that like keep
out everyone else I'm so afraid does the
wall work now is Mexico gonna pay for it
no now we're paying Mexico right but
none of it matters just the other day
they did appropriate 1.6 billion dollars
towards the wall Trump in his speech is
like we've got 3.2 billion US why do you
why do you have to live for no reason
but it doesn't matter to your to all of
your points all they care about is the
anger everything else is irrelevant yes
they put up 14 miles worth of fencing in
San Diego to be fair and 20 miles of
fencing in New Mexico okay that was that
was worth over a billion dollars
taxpayer money we don't have money for
you know social safety net programs to
help our hungry children but this we
have a fence we have money for yeah if
they didn't really want the wall they
wanted the rage yeah and that's what
they got the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT com slash
app
