actor Shia LaBeouf has been in Georgia
to film a new movie and he was recently
arrested for public intoxication
now he's had a number of run-ins with
law enforcement in the past but this
particular incident was caught on tape
and it looks really really bad now it
all started when he went up to a group
of police officers and asked them for a
cigarette at that point he was obviously
drunk he was obviously acting a little
crazy and so cops felt like they needed
to arrest him and so as a result there
were two videos that were released the
first video was someone filming what was
going on the second video which was
released today was from the police
officers body cam now I'm gonna go ahead
and show you guys the first video so you
kind of get a sense of why this stood
out to me take a look so we're not gonna
have a conversation no I mean Ford you
got a president give it about you and
you stuck in the police force so don't
give do you wanna arrest black white
last for cigarettes
I came up to you trying to be nice you
stupid Wow okay so that is actually the
body cam footage that was released today
and he was speaking or addressing a
black cop yeah right what he was trying
to say you know artfully to say the
least is that in his mind he helps black
people and he's like you have a
president who doesn't care about black
people you have a police force that
doesn't care about you because you're
black
but apparently Shia is the one guy who
cares about black people and would have
helped that cop if that cop hadn't just
arrested him but instead by the way he
was starting to fight get him fired
because he's rich in power well and and
it actually went further than that so
dash cam footage showed him literally
threatening these cops and first of all
I want to give the cops credit for the
way that they handled it because they
didn't let it get under their skin they
stayed completely calm throughout the
entire situation and this is the way
good cops you know react to situations
like this so enough with me talking
let's take a look at the dash cam
footage
you're fuckin bitch to the end of your
days and you lift that legacy that's
what you signed up for bitch made or I
have my gonna blow shit up bitch move
got your shit you do nothing fucking
bitch
coward fuck you and your legacy got a
kid oh so so you can know what the fuck
no so is going zero bids for leaks not
for years
I'll bet for leaks you're a pirate bitch
you put a white man in the pan for what
you fucking bitch for asking for a black
man for a cigarette
that's your country I pay my taxes you
dumb bitch
you've got to meet my lawyer uh okay so
believe it or not he added one thing
that made it even worse
he said I've got more millionaire
lawyers than you know what to do with
you stupid bitch Wow Wow okay so the
amount of restraint that you see from
the cops is awesome and look I want to
be fair because I don't know these
particular cops
I don't know how they've handled other
situations in the past but I do know
that just yesterday we did a story about
a police officer in Georgia beating a
homeless woman while she laid on the
floor with his baton right luckily you
know she didn't die as a result of that
but it was just interesting to see these
videos and juxtapose these videos to all
of the other police stories that we've
done in the past and look I'm not saying
that because I wish that they would have
done something violent to him I'm saying
it because these are great cops this is
how you're supposed to handle a
situation and regardless of someone's
socioeconomic status or you know racial
background or any of that stuff this is
how you know and it's a difficult job
because I couldn't do it right if
someone's talking to me like that you
think I'm gonna sit there and be calm
hell no I'm not gonna be calm which is
why I'm not a cop I actually think
you're giving that cops in this case a
little bit too much credit so let me get
to that in a second but I hear what
you're saying and of course everything
is always slightly different there's no
two cases are perfectly analogy
analogous but so if a poor person
instead of a rich celebrity like him had
said I'm gonna shoot your head off or
whatever he said it you threatened the
cops life yeah oh man that is not gonna
go over well okay now on the other hand
he's already in the back of the car at
that point he's already handcuffed so
you would have to pull over pull him out
and then kick his ass so that happens
less frequently it's not like it doesn't
happen yeah I mean we've done stories of
powerless individuals handcuffed in the
back of a police car and then oh it
turns out that they got shot they must
have shot themselves right we've done
those stories so I hear you I hear you
so and and it does happen from time
time usually it happens the in the heat
of arresting it right work some cops go
way overboard in this case didn't they
didn't beat them didn't know anything so
good and you shouldn't be poor people
the class people either but I actually
think that as much of a jerk as he was
and it really hard to get worse then
I've got more millionaire lawyers and
you know what to do with you know when
you I'm above the law and I'm gonna get
away with this okay and rubbing your
face in it and and and all that racial
stuff so weird I guess he thinks he's a
liberal or something I don't know it
just looks terrible and I don't I'm not
in his camp at all like it was so
embarrassing so but but but but why did
they arrest in the first place
the official reason is he became
disorderly using profanities and vulgar
language in front of the women and
children present and it's kind of a weak
reason there rest shank he was obviously
belligerent he asked them for a
cigarette and when they said no he lost
it right nobody's pushing at them and
you're allowed to curse at cops I know
it's not advisable you're not be
intoxicated in a public setting no I
know but that's usually reserved for I
found you to be a pain in the ass so I'm
gonna use public intoxication when
people are drunk all over the place they
pick you out because you curse at them
now I'm telling you it's a super bad
idea to curse at cops and to go up to
them and then didn't basically to pick a
verbal fight but even so you should let
it go it's it's not illegal to curse at
cops and I don't know we don't know all
the facts of what he did prior to the
arrest right and but I'm just using
there because of what I read was a quote
from the cops right disorderly that's
usually you were annoying me profanities
of vulgar language so what in front of
women and children is that a specific
law in that jurisdiction I'd be
surprised right in other words you
disrespected a police officer good news
is we didn't take the living crap out of
you or kill you the bad news is that's
still I mean you're stretching to find a
reason to arrest them he has as much of
a dick as he is he has a history with
cops he has a history of doing things
they even know that though those
particular crops I don't know if they
know
that right but the reason why I'm
bringing up that history is because he's
acted this way in the past right which
makes me think that you know the way he
was treating them prior to the videos
being filmed and prior to what we have
you know might have justified them
wanting to arrest him right so and by
the way I he's a he's a semi powerful
person who's got money and fame and they
decided to arrest him right anyone else
in that situation would have definitely
gotten arrested so it's interesting that
hey in this case the cops weren't you
know they weren't they at least did the
same kind in my opinion false arrest
they were to foreign oh I know I'm
stretching too much and look I I know
what you're saying in the past he's
threatened to stab his neighbor's yeah
stabbed a neighbor refusing to leave
Walgreens and misconduct during a
cabaret performance but a lot of that is
again just drunkenness right okay it's
not okay and he's got obviously has some
issues that he's got to sort out and get
some therapy on or whatever get sober
and and way worse could have happened to
him but still it being a dick is not
technically illegal if you liked this
video you'll love the whole TYT Network
check it out at TYT Network comm slash
join
