a number of tech giants are speaking out
today and titling the day a day of
action in order to raise awareness about
the importance of net neutrality and how
the FCC could potentially dismantle it
now agita someone that we spoke about
quite a bit on the show is the FCC's new
chairman and he was appointed by
President Trump he wants to scrap the
open Internet protections installed in
2015 under the Obama administration
those consumer protections mean
Providers ISPs such as AT&T charter
Comcast and Verizon are prevented from
blocking or slowing down access to the
web so you know a number of these tech
giant's decided to approach this in
different ways and at first I was ready
to applaud them because I think it's
important for them to get involved but
then when I dug a little deeper I
realized that in reality reddit is the
only one that did something that
actually grab people's attention so
let's go to that so if you go to Reddit
you'll see this thing pop up this is the
first window that you'll see and it
basically lets you know that if you get
rid of net neutrality it's gonna slow
down certain web pages that you might
view often it'll be difficult for you to
get the type of content that you like so
it's a pixelated logo that loads in its
upper left corner before begging users
to upgrade their monthly bandwidth
allowance meanwhile a pop up blocks the
page with a message typed out at a
frustratingly slow speed the Internet's
less fun when your favorite sites load
slowly isn't it so I love that because
it makes people users realize the
importance of net neutrality if they
hadn't before
and think about it people go to Reddit
that they are less likely to stick
around because they're annoyed by this
slow typing message right and a lot of
won't even get the message but reddit
users are well there's a lot of
adjectives for them but they're
certainly more sophisticated when it
comes to the Internet and so so at least
most of them will understand it they're
not like the average Internet user but
still they're risking revenue for that
day they're risking some sort of people
leaving that day etc and they're doing
it for the right cause so all the credit
in the world I read it there absolutely
and usually that is the epicenter for
the fight back against rules like that
it is it is Alexis Ohanian who is a
co-founder of reddit has been fighting
very aggressively against dismantling
net neutrality in fact during the last
battle that we had over this issue he
was probably the most vocal member in
the tech world and I loved him for it no
that's a rare place where I think I'm
not a hundred percent positive what the
right-wing on reddit think about this
but last I heard the left wing and the
right wing you agree on this issue of
course cuz it affects everyone
negatively regardless of what your
political ideology is all right so now
I'm gonna kind of be critical of other
tech giants because I feel like they
didn't do enough so let's start with
Google Google has a blog post up stating
the net neutrality rules that protect
the open Internet are in danger of being
dismantled so it's a blog post you don't
see anything if you go to the home page
you know they have the Google Doodle
they haven't done anything with that and
I just want to ask maybe maybe I'm
completely unaware and the Google blog
posts like are tearing it up they go
viral everyone can't wait for the next
Google blog post but I'm under the
assumption that no one reads Google blog
posts unless they're looking for
something involving troubleshooting yeah
so I think that I'm of two minds on this
first of all I think the fact that
they're doing anything is great because
no no one's going to independently go to
a Google blog post but you will get
included in press articles it will and I
think that's the reason why they did it
yes so one they can take credit for it
but on the other hand at least their
name is in there as Google is fighting
for net neutrality and that has some
effect and so that's not such a bad
thing for people who are either neutral
on the issue and can be swayed but much
more importantly for politicians that
did Google has some sway over because of
political contributions so we'll get to
that angle in a second yeah okay so uh
also video game stream
being psyched which has a banner
announcement on its channel page while
also replacing its global emotes with a
spinning wheel for 24 hours that's good
I mean I that's not bad yeah you should
look we can nitpick of all these but
I'll take twitch that's not bad twitch
on it yeah I'm with you I of course I
wish that Google had put it on the main
page apples not doing anything so far by
the way yeah I didn't see Facebook on
the list
I know Facebook's been on the list for
being for net neutrality so that's great
I didn't see them doing anything today
and on this particular day but look
further context last time there was a
fight on this issue back in 2015 Obama
was in charge and four million people
sent in letters saying please keep a net
neutrality part of the reason they did
that was already had enormous organic
growth but on one day again the tech
companies got together and they all put
out a statement on their sites saying
hey fight on this issue and it worked
and it was wonderful it was bigger than
today okay but that didn't sway Obama
that the conventional wisdom is that
swung Obama it didn't they he did not
act after the four million letters he
only acted after Google and Facebook and
a couple other large tech companies said
finally came out and openly declared yes
were for net neutrality
now the reason Google and Facebook are
understandably on the fence if you look
at it just from their business point of
view is yes they would have to pay the
Internet service providers more money so
they'd have to pay a ransom to Comcast
Verizon AT&T etc but they're so big they
can afford it yeah and it would not have
all of the little guys all of their
competition and wipe out their
competition so they're actually you
that's why I really really want to give
credit to Google and Facebook um by the
way there are partners too I should
disclose that but I want to give them
huge credit for at least fighting on
this issue because we wouldn't even won
in 2015 if they didn't put their
political contribution at least implied
threats behind that I like and I SWAT
them I completely applaud them for what
they've done in the past but it's a
whole new battle and and we have to
fight even harder this time around with
Ag pie and Donald Trump yeah
and look and I'm being unfair because
this is just the beginning
you know I there's still some time for
them to do something and so you know
maybe in the near future they will do
something more aggressive and it will
have actual results but I'm just
speaking specifically about today I just
feel like they could have done more and
I hear you on that but the most
important thing is the one we don't have
answer for you when you're talking about
public comments this time around has
already been 5.1 million comments a /
letters sent in to the to the FCC so
it's not like they don't know which side
the American people are on they know and
the polling shows overwhelmingly that
people want net neutrality so the
question is an occupiers in my opinion
clearly systemically corrupted he was a
Verizon lawyer who was brought into the
FCC to represent companies like Verizon
and he's just waiting there he was in
the Obama administration knew but it was
an empowered Trump gets in and he's like
great who can I service right and so
Trump goes great now give my donors
exactly what they want which is the
exact opposite of the American people
and the question is are Google and
Facebook and all those guys are they
gonna mount up and fight again when it
comes on to the lobbyists level because
if they engage in that fight we can win
again but if they even stay neutral
we're done for and they're gonna kill
net neutrality help us build independent
media together come join us
TYT Network comm / join
