Texas has passed a slew of laws that
make it incredibly difficult for women
to have access to either contraceptives
or abortion services now especially
women living in rural areas or rural
parts of Texas they have found it even
more difficult to find a clinic that
gives them the type of health care that
they need or family planning that they
need and the whole reason why this was
done was because conservatives in the
state wanted to lower the number of
abortions in fact then Governor Rick
Perry said his goal was to ensure
abortions are as rare as possible under
existing law well interestingly enough
Texas A&M University decided to do some
research to see if these restrictive
abortion policies have actually given us
the results or given conservatives the
results that they wanted and the truth
is no it's actually the opposite so in
the first three years after Texas
Republicans slashed the family planning
budget in 2011 and shut down more than
80 of 80 women's health clinics the
abortion rate among teenagers teenagers
in the state rose three percent over
what it would have been had the clinic's
remained open so if you look
specifically at poor rural parts of
Texas they're the most impacted by this
for instance in Gregg County where the
local health center lost 60 percent of
its family planning funding the abortion
rate increased by one hundred ninety one
percent between 2012 and 2014 Wow
so but overall on the water ain't going
up when you have Les calanques like
Planned Parenthood I have a freeze you
might be familiar with on that of course
if you have less birth control you'll
have more pregnancies if you have more
pregnancies you'll have more abortions
so everybody with two bits of sense
knows this so the question for
conservatives is which one you want to
focus on because if you want to kill
birth control it is an absolute
guarantee that you'll have more
abortions so you can't have both so you
but you
try then you'll have more abortions you
get more angry about it but the reality
is if you have more birth control you'll
have less abortions so make up your mind
which one you want to go with right well
you know I think that this is indicative
of what we usually see with
conservatives on this particular issue
because they just flat-out reject
evidence they reject data right and when
you tell them no no Planned Parenthood
isn't an abortion Factory in fact
abortion is a tiny fraction of what they
do they actually offer all sorts of
health care services and contraceptives
they just reject it they just read they
just think that it's an abortion Factory
so in their eyes shutting these clinics
down means less abortion they just again
completely flat out deny any evidence
that you throw out them they'll probably
read this and think to themselves oh
yeah University liberal indoctrination
no no okay well there's gonna be more
abortions and if if your goal is to you
know stop that from happening this is a
really terrible way of going about it it
just drives me crazy that we live in a
country that's supposed to be secular
where we're supposed to have separation
of church and state and every single day
we've got to do a story about one Sharia
law or another and how yeah they want us
to follow their laws you know and then
since some people online will complain
oh you guys only talked about the
Christian fundamentalist but you don't
talk about all the Muslim
fundamentalists imposing their laws in
America okay look you we talk about
Muslim fundamentalists in the Gulf and
in many other areas that do terrible
things to to their citizens Saudi Arabia
the list goes on and on right now what
happens in Afghanistan but here there
are no Muslims in charge there is no
Sharia law that is going to get applied
outside of Christian Sharia law and yes
abortion is part of that it there is so
the main reason that when they're
against abortion is because of their
misinterpretation of the Bible Bible's
pro-abortion but they think it's anti
abortion that's the only reason why
we're having this stupid stupid
conversation and even in the midst of
that stupidity they're like okay oh yeah
lower abortions oh damn we we increased
them but now okay I got a great idea
lizards ignore the facts and but we'll
say we're against abortions even though
we just made them go up they're not
against abortions you guys they're
against abortions but they're not
against abortions for the reasons that
they say they are right it's all about
playing into the base it's about
pandering to conservative voters and
more importantly it's about controlling
the lives of women and letting them know
you can or can't do this you don't get
to determine the destiny of your own
life it's just pathetic it's a bunch of
insecure middle-aged men running around
crying and whining about women having
choice that's what it's really about if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
