the House Appropriations Committee is
attempting to allocate a whopping 1.6
billion dollars to begin construction on
Donald Trump's border wall now to give
you some more details on the allocation
of this money the forty four point three
billion dollar spending bill for fiscal
year 2018 earmarks that one point six
billion to begin construction of the
wall but the bill also appropriates 100
million to hire 500 more u.s. Border
Patrol agents 131 million for new border
technology and a 619 million increase
for Immigration and Customs Enforcement
above its 2017 appropriation all right
in March Trump asked Congress for 4.1
billion to build the wall he didn't get
that right and in terms of what the
House Appropriations Committee is
proposing keep in mind that both the
House and the Senate have to agree on it
and who knows there are a number of
Democrats obviously and even some
Republicans who are skeptical skeptical
about Donald Trump's wall but it's just
amazing because he's been in office for
how long now and don't you remember how
many times what while he was campaigning
he said that he was gonna have Mexico
pay for it and when he was asked how how
are they gonna pay for it he wouldn't
answer he would dodge the question don't
take my word for it take a look at this
the former President of Mexico Vicente
Fox he said today and I'm quoting him he
said I'm not going to pay for that quote
effing wall so if you don't get an
actual check from the Mexican government
for eight or ten or twelve billion
dollars whatever it will cost how are
you going to make them pay for the wall
I will and the wall just got 10 feet
taller believe me
they're great people and great leaders
but they're gonna pay for the wall on
day one we will begin working on an
impenetrable physical tall powerful
beautiful southern border war Mexico
excuse me
Mexico's gonna pay for the wall and
they're gonna be happy about it you know
what they're gonna be happy about it how
exactly are you gonna can also get it
their way
look Mexico has not treated as well
Mexico treats us as though we are stupid
people which of course our leaders are
so that very last clip was actually from
this month July seventh I believe and he
still thinks that Mexico is gonna pay
for the wall as he's asking Congress to
allocate you know billions of dollars to
begin construction he's just such a
clown and people who thought that he was
gonna have Mexico pay for it really he
never he would never answer how how are
you gonna make them pay for it so
ironically though he didn't wind up
being proven right about one of the
things he said there yes
their leaders think our leaders are
stupid well mission accomplished that
they're not to be a self-fulfilling
prophecy so here's what's going to
happen and what Trump will say about it
yeah they're going to build a tiny
sliver of that wall and then FoxNews
Breitbart etcetera will keep taking
video of just that sliver right and
it'll keep showing it all over like they
built the whole wall will it be
beautiful and impenetrable
it'll be physical though physically
impenetrable and physical oh by the way
the reason he said that is because
afterwards after he won they're like
well did we say physical wall I mean it
could be a wall if we just put up a
couple of drones so one guarding the
border and you can call that a wall even
though it's not a wall so is it gonna be
ten foot higher no did he ever have a
plan to make Mexico pay for oh and you
know he didn't have that plan but this
is the great irony of Trump running as a
populist is that he's actually a classic
sleazy politician tell you whatever you
want to hear Trump's got it we're gonna
do tax cuts for everybody and we're
gonna balance the budget we're going to
give you health care coverage for
everybody and it's gonna be less
premiums and it's gonna give you more
health care within your packages but
that's impossible it doesn't matter I
get Christmas gifts for everybody right
this is what they charge liberals of
doing promising everybody everything
right in reality it was Trump 101 I'm
gonna build a wall I'm gonna make Mexico
pay for it
it looked by the time you figure out
that I'm a crooked liar I'm already
president so that was Trump strategy and
here it is one
six billion dollars would barely pay for
the smallest percentage of that while
you have to spend so much more to get it
and in some parts everybody knows that
it is not doable because of the
geography and the local conservatives
and Republicans fight it tooth and nail
that like a terrible idea but
nonetheless he keeps promising it
because he's a sleazy politician if you
like this clip of The Young Turks you
know there's a whole live two-hour show
6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every day and you
could download it or stream in and watch
it without ads if you become a member
TYT Network comm / join
