the battle to destroy the Affordable
Care Act is about to begin again Senate
Republicans had their recess they are
now back and it's expected that by
tomorrow we will have the new version of
the Senate health care bill with new
concessions designed to try to get it to
the 50 votes they need to eventually
have the vice president's bracelet.i and
have it become law thereby repealing and
replacing the Affordable Care Act so we
have McConnell predicting sort of a
timeline you're gonna see that in this
clip right here the news of the day is
that as I think you already know we'll
be on health care next week we'll be
laying out a revised version of the
repeal and replace effort the text of
that on Thursday morning we hope to have
a CBO score by the beginning of the week
and a motion to proceed to that bill
next week we're gonna do health care
next week and in the reconciliation
process of course you get to the end if
you can sometimes be as a result of
exhaustion but you can get to an end are
they so exhausted they actually have to
work for a little bit longer than
expected yeah they were planning to come
back from fourth of July vacation which
you're thinking fourth of July vacation
yeah theirs is way way longer than ours
yeah so they're just next week gonna
come back from it and then they were
gonna go right back or they came back to
it I think recently but it was over a
week long and now they're going to go
we're planning to go on another five to
six week vacation geez
but now they might have to come back and
roll up their sleeves you know work a
whole three or four months of these
anyway so some a little bit of credit to
them if these plans go into effect they
are going to put some of the tax cuts
back meaning they were going to do these
giant giant tax cuts and now at least
some of them are gonna go back in for
revenue that's 3.8 percent tax on
investment income that was an Obamacare
might remain to get some loose voters
and a point nine percent Medicare
payroll tax on wages and self-employment
income might also stay in so that
there's actually
some revenue in this bill yeah so let's
break down some of the details the
concessions as Jenks said include
keeping place some of the taxes
providing more revenue especially money
going to particular states not mentioned
there but it's believed that at least
one of the versions that we'll see will
include more money to help deal with the
opioid epidemic across America there's a
rumor that it could go from two billion
dollars in this fund to forty eight
billion dollars which again is not as
much as is expected to actually deal
with the problem but it's significantly
more funding and could theoretically get
them a vote possibly but it is expected
that there will be at least two draft
bills one that includes an amendment
sponsored by Ted Cruz and Mike Lee to
allow insurance companies to sell plans
that do not comply with federal
regulatory requirements so what's
interesting there is that there could be
two different plans which have more than
that one difference between them so we
will have to break down and analyze up
both of them but this looks like a way
to get Lee and Cruz to sign on and their
idea basically increases up freedom
across America by making it so that
there will be at least one plan by an
insurance carrier that actually provides
coverage and then there will be a bunch
of other garbage plans of the sort that
we had before the ACA that you will
still have to pay for but will not
actually help you in the event of a
major life emergency and that is what
they need to sign on Lee and Cruz and
it's expected that that's one of the
things that might actually be there so
it when you have those different plans
the reason why it's a joke is that they
say no one will follow the requirements
that currently exist including covering
pre-existing conditions and others don't
have to well if you set it up that way
the one that covers pre-existing
conditions will be more expensive
because it'll include people who have
pre-existing conditions who you know are
going to get sick to some degree right
and if you sign up for the version of
the one that does you know that covers
mainly healthy people and young people
well that was gonna be cheaper but
what's that gonna create it's gonna
create all the healthy and young people
going to that plan thereby leaving the
pre the one that covers the pre-existing
conditions
to be super expensive it creates a
de-facto high-risk pool yeah and so
current plans basically and so the more
expensive it gets the more the higher
the harder it's going to be for people
to afford that plan and for the
government to be able to afford the
subsidies for that plan so that creates
what they call a death spiral which then
creates a literal death spiral for
people with pre-existing conditions so
but for Cruz and his allies is a win-win
but one they do the Republican plan
which is if you're already in good shape
we'll give you more okay things will be
even better for you right oh god help
you if you've got any kind of condition
you had a setback in your life we are
going to crack your back and we're gonna
be done with you yeah and and so every
man for them for himself if you were
already well-off great if you're not
you're you're no world of trouble the
second advantage is they then didn't
turn around and when they the plan with
the pre-existing conditions that it was
originally modeled on Obamacare starts
its death spiral then crews will turn
around and go you see that we told you
Obamacare was never gonna work we left
it's the the the main part of it intact
but other people wanted the other
insurance so now you're the one that
actually covers people it's not
affordable we told you Obamacare was
terrible so then they kill it entirely
and then if you've got a pre-existing
condition god help you cuz he's the only
one left and that's just the latest act
of sabotage that I mean over the past
eight years you know under Obama there
are multiple ways that they effectively
sabotage the future of a it's not in the
bad shape that they imply that it is the
CBO report made that clear but it did
make it more difficult to keep prices
down and things like that
now some people just a few days ago
including John McCain we're saying that
the bill is effectively dead and they
were so sure that it's definitely not
going to pass I think that is crazy to
get presumptuous about that but it is
still going to be a challenge for
McConnell to come up with one bill that
is going to satisfy all the different
concerns that these various Republican
senators have we want to show you a
couple of little comparisons in
particular
of people on different sides of the
issue to give you an idea of how
complicated it might be so in terms of
how much regulation there should be on
plans in terms of phrases and conditions
things like that you have people who
want to take away those regulations and
they're you're seeing on the left Mike
Lee and Ted Cruz particularly want to
have all these plans that don't protect
you know the essential healthcare
benefits and have the caps and don't
allow for those freezes and conditions
but then you have people you know who
won't vote for a bill that don't have
those protections moving on to the next
one you're gonna see Medicaid funding
obviously the bill as we've previewed
has hundreds of billions of dollars of
cuts to Medicaid and there you're seeing
the people who want an expansion of
Medicaid or a maintenance of what they
already have their concerns that's
that's a quite a few senators there and
then the final one you're gonna see some
differences on the government spending
and tax credits and I mean there's other
names that you've got in there as well I
mean Ted Cruz is complaining about the
amount that's still going to be there
for subsidies and so these are pretty
big issues for McConnell and the
Republicans to push through but hardly
impossible especially if they can
theoretically generate a few hundred
billion dollars of government funds to
toss into whatever they need to buy
people off so the people who kept saying
I think it's impossible it's dead in
this problems we won't be able to put
this bill together my main response to
is come on about the House version come
on come on come on come on come on how
many times do we have to go through this
before you learn so this is at a
particular dance that they go through so
when the bill is first introduced you
have the most conservative guys in the
Senate screws etc that come out and go
oh god I can't
this is outrageous I need a lot more
concessions and then you'll have a
couple of moderates who'll say no I
can't sign on it I need some concessions
too sometimes they'll mean and sometimes
they won't so then everybody will go oh
my god Oh Weezy take me now it's not
easy anyway so it's the Sanford and Son
reference with the wrong name get this
done right and then lo and behold they
get
together and after the you know the
haggling conservatives will get more
than what the moderates get most of the
time in this case the tea leaves seem
like maybe the moderates are gonna
quote-unquote mutter Republicans such as
they are we'll get a little bit more
than the concerns but we'll see yeah but
at the end of the day do they want to
kill Obamacare yes do their donors
wanted killed so that they can mainly
get their tax cuts back there's still
the majority of the tax cuts would be
returned to them right yes so they will
do as their donors command them and so
like oh I kind of hate the soap opera of
it so please spare me all the things
about like okay well oh my god as if
they have honest in it you know
principles and they're trying to
negotiate over principles hello
their donors are negotiating and overall
they're all gonna make hundreds of
billions of dollars by repealing
Obamacare so very very very likely they
will look maybe you're right about the
Senate I think it's all a big sham
because Trump already said he won't vote
for a bill that doesn't have heart and
everyone needs to be covered yeah so
like all the Senate stuff what are we
wasting our time for yeah now look the
the CBO is gonna get both versions of
the bill and what I think is a little
bit scary is that
so you alluded to some of the the tax
cuts they might theoretically keep a few
of the smaller ones in others they might
keep them for a few years and what that
seems designed do is to effectively
trick people with the CBO estimate
because the CBO estimate will now have
five years of the taxes still being
there so that'll change the numbers
quite a bit make it look better
financially but those tax cuts will
still go whatever the taxes will still
go away eventually
we're simply postponing the horrific
outcome that we saw in the earlier
version of the CBO report but it might
fool some people in the mainstream media
and some Trump supporters into
supporting this bill this bill again the
least popular piece of legislation for
something like three decades help us
build independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm slash join
