Jr cut this and I think it's just
amazing it's it's about the August
recess we talked about earlier but look
at what Mitch McConnell says here hmm
also due to this unprecedented level of
obstruction that we've been experiencing
for example you may have noticed we had
to get cloture yesterday on a district
judge in Idaho I think of the as of June
28th
there were 178 presidential nominations
up here only 46 confirmed therefore we
will be in session the first two weeks
of August that we had originally
anticipated not being here we will be
here as a result of all this
obstructionism don't have enough time to
address all of these issues between now
and the originally anticipated August
recess
can you imagine jank how frustrated you
must be as Mitch McConnell when those
bastard Democrats obstruct and stop you
from getting an important position on a
court like a district judge in Idaho and
not being able to get the judge that
you're owed can you imagine the
obstruction that it's delayed you
eventually get it but it's delayed what
could be worse maybe if you broke the
record on obstruction as Mitch McConnell
did with his filibusters during the
Obama administration and maybe if you
blocked a Supreme Court justice rather
than one in Idaho and you blocked it for
so long that you the Democrat eventually
didn't get it
that might be a little bit more of a
record of obstruction so maybe look it
this is what the American people get
super annoyed by this why they don't
like politicians and and and I think
you'd also implicate some media a little
bit so Mitch McConnell look we look even
the Republicans even your voters have a
gut sense that you're full of crap
that you were the guy blocking Obama
every step of the way so when you come
back out like you didn't do that and you
didn't break the record on filibusters
and you're like can you believe the
Democrats are doing obstructionism you
look preposterous you look like a fool
and and it makes all politicians seem
like they're greasy liars and by the way
that emma-crats flip over off and as
well don't get me wrong like oh I can't
believe they're doing obstruction to us
and
the Republicans get in office look I
would I would retaliate too but they do
and then they say go from obstruction is
terrible to obstruction it's great and
so I would just be honest about it if
I'm the Democrats I'd say look these
sumbitches broke the record on an
obstruction and they took Merrick
garland away from us
I will obstruct them to no end I am
going to try to top their record on
obstruction I'd be honest about it
and for McConnell you know I think
they'd respect you more including your
own voters if you came out and said look
when the time when Obama was in charge
we hated him so we try to block
everything he does so I understand the
Democrats are trying to block everything
we do but we have the majority and we're
gonna ram it down their throats I don't
care what we did in the past yeah then
you know what Republican voters bro that
sounds strong hypocrite who cares we're
used to that anyway
hey at least don't lie to me and don't
give me this gobbledygook and the reason
the media aids and abets it is because
they don't call them out on it so they
just keeps on the Honorable senator yeah
any time he does that at a press
conference they should be oh did you
break the record didn't you break the
record did you break the record on
filibusters knees your block garland for
a year how could you say that with a
straight face that is an unbelievable
thing to say instead nary a peep help us
build an independent media together come
join us
TYT Network comm /join
