lawmakers in Arkansas have passed a bill
that would essentially force a woman who
would like to get an abortion
to speak with the person who impregnated
her and come to an agreement about what
should be done with the fetal remains
now this is another one of these
personhood bills it was something that
was proposed earlier this year and now
unfortunately it has passed
so it's HB 1566 and it includes aborted
fetuses into the act which means that
both the mother and the father of the
fetus will have to agree on what to do
with the fetal remains so what is HB
1566 so it's basically a provision on a
law that already existed in the state
it's known as the Arkansas final
disposition Rights Act of 2009 and that
just said that you know certain family
members have to agree on what to do with
the body of a deceased family member now
the provision has been made to include
fetal parts or fetus and so basically a
woman has to go to the guy and be like
I'm gonna get an abortion I guess I need
to get a first of all permission to have
this abortion and then secondly what are
we gonna do with this fetus okay finally
back under our thumbs I mean I care
about the life of the fetus so this is
of course a way of controlling people
and not only they have to get permission
but this could also apply to women who
were impregnated by abusive partners or
through sexual assault yeah it doesn't
matter if you were sexually assaulted or
if you were impregnated because of a
rape you would still have to abide by
this law keep in mind that Arkansas you
know it's it's a conservative state so
they already have some significant
restrictions on reproductive rights they
only have about four abortion clinics
women have to get anti-abortion
counseling before they go through with
the procedure after the counseling they
have a 48-hour waiting period and then
they can go through with the abortion
but it's just interesting because I mean
look you've got to give credit to these
lawmakers because they care
life jink they care about children they
want to protect these children right
which is why the state of Arkansas has
approximately 22,000 homeless kids they
really care about kids
no no but Ana to be fair they're already
out of the womb so they don't matter
anymore life only applies inside the
womb which then of course brings up me
to my favorite topic so look this is
Sharia law I'm not interested in what
your religion thinks of abortion we need
to make laws based on reasonable ideas
that we all agree to that's called a
democracy a secular democracy but no you
want to impose your religious views on
us so it is now incumbent upon me to
correct your religious views you are
wrong about what the Bible says
the Bible is pro-abortion God is
pro-abortion
so let me read it to you these are not
my words this is the words of the Bible
you can look it up yourself and any
Bible you find numbers 5 11 through 22
okay you know this is gonna take a while
but it's good so buckle up then the Lord
said to Moses speak to the Israelites
and say to them if a man's wife goes a
strain is unfaithful to him so that
another man has sexual relations with
her and this is hidden from her husband
and her impurity is undetected since
there is no witness against her and she
has not been caught a nag
and if feelings of jealousy come over
her husband and he suspects his wife as
she is impure or if he is jealous and
suspects her even though she is not
impure then he is to take his wife to
the priest let's see what the priest
knows he must also take an offering of
1/10 of an F 1/2 of barley flour on her
behalf he must not pour olive oil on it
or put incense on it well of course not
because it is a grain offering for
jealousy a reminder offering to draw
attention to wrongdoing Kilis put pause
for one second there so this stuff's in
the Bible have you guys been doing this
have you been taking your a path or
whatever that is and but not pouring the
olive oil on it or incense because it is
an offering for jealousy this is to cure
the jealousy of the husband because he's
the one that matters at the end of this
particular provision at numbers they say
or now remember the husband is the one
that matters what happens to the wife is
not important okay
so that's a different portion of numbers
go read it for yourself okay but don't
pour the olive oil on there you guys
really believe this you believe this but
if you do this is part where you might
be a little surprised what as we
continue here your numbers the priest
shall bring her and have her stand
before the Lord then he shall take some
holy water in a clay jar and put some
dust from the tabernacle floor into the
water of course after the priest has had
some woman stand before the Lord he
shall loose in her hair and place in her
hands the reminder offering the green
offering for jealousy while he himself
holds the bitter water that brings a
curse then the woman is to say Amen so
be it what wait so who okay so the woman
is supposed to say oh the cursed water
great I'm glad you have done a curse you
guys believe this you believe that there
is a curse how come you guys never do
any of this it's too funny how what you
applying from the Bible and what you
don't apply from the Bible this is in
the Bible but you guys never do it right
I haven't seen the curses yet so let's
find out what the results is hey so
Steve graphic 13 I want that's at the
end okay so graphic 14 a this is
continuing in the right order now in
numbers then the priest shall put the
woman under oath and say to her if no
other man has had sexual relations with
you and you have not gone astray and
become impure while married to your
husband may this bitter water that
brings a curse not harm you but if you
have gone astray while married to your
husband and you have made yourself
impure by having sexual relations with a
man other than your husband here the
priest is to put the woman under this
curse may the Lord cause you to become
cursed among your people when he makes
your womb miscarry and your abdomen
swell may this water that brings our
curse into your body so that your
abdomen swells and your womb miscarries
I told you God
the Lord Himself is pro-abortion if he
you think that your wife cheated on you
and you need a jealousy offering well
the husband must be a peace make sure
that you take a pinch from the
tabernacle floor create this potion and
make her drink it and if she has
actually cheated on you a shoe God will
make sure that it is aborted I didn't
say it the Bible says it now if you're a
good Bible fearing Christian
you better be probe or should right this
minute
and finally the end of the numbers that
I promised you there quote the husband
will be innocent of any wrongdoing but
the woman will bear the consequences of
her sin
so is Tabernacle floor what they use and
like that abortion pill it could be I
don't know yeah what is the tabernacle
well apparently said abort efficient
which I didn't know ok so they're like
oh here you go yeah that was really
creepy yeah and not enjoyable at all but
I'm glad you shared it yeah well look
read the Bible a lot of creepy stuff in
there and don't blame me
I didn't ride the Bible so if you got a
beef to pick with abortion pick it with
the Lord because he is definitely in
favor of it support independent media
come join us at the Young Turks TYT
Network calm /join
