police in Georgia have reopened an
investigation after a video involving
alleged police brutality went viral and
provided some new evidence in a case
involving a cop who was beating a
homeless woman with a baton
now the homeless woman is identified as
Katie McCreary however the police
official that you're about to see in
this video which is graphic has not been
identified he is anonymous but this took
place on June 4th and apparently the
officer had gone to a Chevron station in
response to a complaint about a woman
begging for money she's a homeless woman
she's at a Chevron station asking for
money which I think all of us have
experienced at some point and usually
they're not dangerous people but
nonetheless the owner of the Chevron
station ended up calling the cops and
things got violent
now the cop claims that the woman tried
to push him out of the way when he
arrived on the scene and then that
warranted what you're about to see so
let me just give a tiny bit more detail
than her before we go to the video so
McCreary says she attempted to push me
out of the way and walk out of the door
which I would think his mission
accomplished the guy called you to get
rid of her right and she's leaving boy
this feels like it could have been
resolved a lot easier and so in all
these cases I always feel like it's not
an easy job I mean I got to deal with a
homeless person who's not listening to
you that is not easy so and he says
later she tried to reach out and grab
his badge grab the vest than the radio
now that's what he put in his report
right but you know I'll tell you one
other thing he put in his report after
you watch the video yeah exactly let's
let's watch the video and then I want to
give you his detailed report so you kind
of see some of the inconsistencies
by the way warning the video is
difficult to watch so if you're
uncomfortable you should look away now
No all right so I should note that she
does have a mental illness uh it's
unclear what that mental illness is
exactly but a local news station spoke
to a dozen individuals in the area who
are familiar with her who know her they
all said that she wasn't a problem she
never posed any type of risk and she did
have a history of mental illness
she is homeless and again she was there
asking for money now guys look it's
super tough to deal with a mentally ill
homeless person nobody's saying it's
easy but you just saw that video man I
just I don't know I couldn't do that
could you beat a mentally ill woman like
that she said she was gonna leave I you
know did he feel like that was a
disrespect of his authority I don't know
what the station manager asked them to
do did he ask for her to be arrested I
don't know but you would think that hey
she's bothering people asking for money
she says she's leaving great wonderful
we could have left it at that I just I
can't stomach doing that to somebody let
alone a mentally ill person I mean if
they were gonna cause violence on others
I get it man that's what cops are for
right but a mentally ill woman who is
not listening your orders you couldn't
figure out like you thought what
like she's disrespecting you not
everything is this
respect people are different and if they
called you because she's not able to
respond to those to those requests there
might be a reason for that don't we do
any training in this country yes there
are mentally ill people yes some
percentage of homeless people are
mentally ill no the correct answer is
not beating the living crap out of them
so I maybe I miss something
because I was under the impression that
a cop can only open fire on someone who
poses an imminent threat right and he
said in that video very clearly and he
got a response from the people that were
there put your hands behind your back or
I'm going to shoot you and then two
people were like no please don't shoot
her don't you're why are you gonna shoot
her
like is she posing a threat to you and
maybe I'm wrong maybe that's not the
policy maybe the new policy is if
someone's annoying you and isn't
listening to your orders in the fashion
that you think is appropriate then you
get to open fire by the way if you
shouldn't kill someone that could be
murder
but if you threaten issue someone that's
already a crime that's an assault now if
you're a cop's yeah now if you said that
to a cop you'd definitely be arrested
hey don't do X otherwise I'm going to
shoot you right that would be that's
assault
and with even if you don't you never
pulled a gun or anything like that now
cops got a job where they have to
threaten violence sometimes I know that
it's slightly different rules but now
but it can't be that if you have you're
under no imminent threat at all like
nobody thought that woman was somehow
magically gonna kill the cop right so
threatening to kill her or shoot her
which would kill her certainly could his
assault let alone the other obvious
assault that's happening on the tape so
this video is new which is why officials
have decided to reopen the investigation
into this case they had already decided
that he had done no wrongdoing and they
wanted to move on but this video went
viral and they're like okay well we have
new evidence we have to look at this
again now I want to give you the details
of the police report that this
unidentified cop had five
old so you kind of have a sense of his
side of the story and and what he
believed happened so in the incident
report dated June 5th a day after this
took place
the officer said when he arrived at the
gas station McCreary attempted to push
me out of the way and walk out the door
more words were exchanged and McCreary
reached out and grabbed my badge and
after being warned not to touch him she
quote grabbed my vest and radio
according to his incident report he said
he used his baton on her legs for arms
and one strike
inadvertently struck the side of her
head as she was moving around so that
was his take I think it's a little
different from what we saw in the video
but again I mean it's being investigated
we'll see how it turns out but it's an
internal affairs investigation and I
mean we have some precedent on how
things like that turn out and in this
case we also have a quote from the
DeKalb County Police Department they
said in a statement after watching the
video quote the narrative in the
officers report appears to be consistent
with the video yeah so now to be fair he
didn't say he inadvertently struck her
he said he inadvertently struck her head
but the rest of it was not inadvertently
was very clear what he was doing and and
look it's not just about that this guy's
a bad guy that's too easy an explanation
and I don't even know that he's a bad
guy I mean I know that this was a bad
act I do know that the training is don't
ever ever let anyone disrespect you and
so in reality what they need to do in
some police departments across country
are doing this is bring in mental health
experts so yes it's gonna take longer
it's gonna take a bigger part of your
day but hey I I need backup in this case
and the backup is not more forces to get
even more violent I need someone who's a
trained professional who can come and
help me deal with this person who is
clearly mentally ill rather than my way
of dealing with him which it was what
I've been taught and unfortunately all
most of the police departments in the
countries take out a button of baton and
beat the crap out of them until they are
made to listen to you and those are the
cases where they don't get shot if you
liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent
Media become a member of the Young Turks
TYT Network comm /join
