a smart home device alerted authorities
to a violent domestic dispute and as a
result the individual who is threatening
his girlfriend with a gun was
successfully arrested so to give you
details on this and I want to just be
clear that it's unknown which home smart
device it was Eduardo Barrios was home
sitting at the residence with his
girlfriend and their daughter Barrios
allegedly pulled a gun on his girlfriend
when they got into an argument and asked
her did you call the sheriff's a smart
device in the home apparently heard call
the Sheriff's and proceeded to call the
sheriff's Boop's so the cops arrived and
apparently it took some time to
negotiate with him so he would put the
gun down and let his girlfriend go but
in this case this smart home device
which apparently is always listening
managed to help save someone's life or
potentially help save someone's life
which is great but there's a downside to
this yeah it's a little ironic that it's
called a smart device when it got the
situation totally wrong he's like dude
you call the sheriff and she's like okay
I will now call the shift that's not
what I said dummy okay no look great
result in this case but I am a thousand
percent against this overall this is a
good story wrapped in a bad story
so they explain all the devices doesn't
matter who makes them all those smart
device at home are always listening so
no thank you I may be the new school is
who cares about privacy list so I'll do
freaky stuff in front of everybody and
put it on the internet and you get to
find out every word I said and
everything I did and look I lead an
incredibly boring life so my smart
device would be tremendously bored right
can I call the sheriff because we're not
having any fun here but as a general
philosophy no I maybe I'm old school but
I like my privacy I don't want a device
recording me non-stop every minute of
the day inside my house that's crazy
look I'm completely with you on this and
I know I'm probably gonna sound super
ignorant because I don't have one of
these devices and I'm
not really sure of everything that they
do but I'm okay flicking a light switch
on my own right like I'm okay
turning the TV off by myself like I
don't need a home device to like do easy
things for me yeah judging people who
have it like I get it it's like the new
cool tech thing to have right but I just
you gotta you know do a cost-benefit
analysis and I did it and I just feel
like my privacy is more important than
having a device like a light switch more
exciting clothes look I go grandpa
jank oh yeah I'm so old school that I
had a TV where I didn't have a remote
control I had to get up and switch to
channel absolute don't I know it seems
unbelievable right but I did and but so
yes on remote controls and then let's
draw the line cuz it works the UP button
and the down button works it is I think
harder to go okay Andrea move the
channel up no up Andrea for god sake up
as hard as I just wasn't god damn button
right yeah so look if you want to give
up all of your privacy have at it Hoss
but but it's not for me and in this case
it was such a self-fulfilling prophecy
he's so worried that she's gonna call
the sheriff that he accidentally called
the sheriff yeah help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network comm /join
