I do worry about all of our children as
we know now social media is a
centerpiece of our lives we have seen
this already she was bleeding badly from
a facelift
I said now it's a wonderful thing for
the woman it's a wonderful thing for the
husband it's certainly an inconvenience
for a business last week the world
reminded Melania Trump that her efforts
to tackle cyberbullying should stop an
end with the 71 year old manchild she is
currently shacked up with so how's that
first lady anti cyberbullying campaign
going after he once again launched
verbal MOA B's not a woman so I took it
upon myself to reread her heartfelt
profession the tackle cyberbullying as
first lady thought it would be a good
idea to put a list together of all the
societal problems Trump's family members
say they want to help stamp out but that
Trump himself is guilty of on a daily
basis so we start with bullying in
general Melania feels and is right that
cyber bullying is a serious issue in
fact with her husband leaving the line
it has become more prominent well no
surprise seeing he indulges in it daily
you don't have to strain your memory too
much to recall an instance of Trump's
cyber bullying pretty much anyone
anywhere he perceives as a threat
so maybe Melania should take a look at
the shrunken hands that she holds or
doesn't actually as a good place to
start tackling her signature issue
moving from one hypocrite to another
there's no greater walking contradiction
in a Vanka Trump am i right I try to
stay out of politics what I mean that
alone speaks volumes about the direction
we are heading people Ivanka the lady
who was so desperate to work in politics
that she took a job as an unpaid adviser
to her father says she tries to stay out
of politics so I instead like to focus
on areas where I can add positive value
where I can contribute to the agenda
policies around workforce development
about ensuring that barriers are removed
for the American working family I mean
I'm not complaining
one less Trump involved in politics is
always good news even if it is as
hypocritical as me claiming to be into
fashion only to try and rock a post
depression hat and come out looking like
Oliver Twist I mean what an gods up was
I thinking anyway no
after her dad took office if I could
stated that she wanted to fight for
women's rights hey lady that's politics
and much like Hill stepmom Melania
Ivanka could start her efforts at home
with the guy giving her his platinum
card
we all remember she was reminded of this
whilst on a panel in Germany what was
her response again I know from personal
experience are a testament to his belief
all right along the lines of he never
mistreated me his daughter so he can't
be against women lady Joseph Stalin
loved his daughter but that didn't prove
his love for people now did it just
because your dad treats you
his daughter well that does not mean
other women get the same benefits as
someone from his bloodline case in point
she gained a massive amount of weight it
was your problem a person who is flat
chested is very hard to be attached
treat women with respect I can't say
that either not to mention that little
politics thing you want to stay clear
off well he happened to make things
pretty difficult for women in that realm
also so if as you say you really want to
help women you might have to rethink
your strategy of staying out of politics
as just reducing your shoe line 50% will
not exactly help prevent the destruction
of Planned Parenthood but we all know
well near done with Ivanka yet after
missing the mark on women's rights she
decided to advocate for an another group
of people that group of people being the
lucky sods of the LGBT community who get
a helping hand from good old mother of
ANCA
oh but an FYI Ivanka your dad's
right-hand man supports gay conversion
therapy and Papa Bear himself supports
bathroom bills my god lady are you just
deliberately trying to support groups
that your dad deliberately targets
what's next can we expect to see you at
handing out cans of Pepsi at a black
lives matter protest and so that leaves
us with Tweedledum and tweedledumber
they are the two sons who are not
officially involved in the
administration after their father handed
over management of Trump organization to
them prior to his inauguration meaning
they don't have titles but as soon as
that microphone appears the Trump and
them comes out and they start spouting
off hypocrisy just like the bad yep
remember when Trump denied that he told
call me to let the Flynn investigation
go did you at any time
urge former FBI director James Comey in
any way shape or form to close or to
back down the investigation into Michael
Flynn no next question
well little Trump apparently didn't get
that memo when he tells you to do
something yes guess what there's no
ambiguity in it yeah
this is par for the course for the Trump
brothers who vow one thing and do the
complete opposite that is if they have
time in between helping rid the world of
beautiful endangered animals kinda like
the time Eric trump vowed that he did
not talk business with his father and
then a record-breaking 30 seconds later
told the exact same reporter that he
will continue to update his father on
the business while he is in the
presidency ah the Trump's what a family
and admittedly most of us have families
with a fair number of hypocrites don't
get me wrong but at least we aren't
hell-bent on destroying the world follow
me on instagram at Francis M Maxwell on
Twitter also at Francis M Mac so
continue to share these videos and of
course continue to resist
