representative Ted Yoho not one of the
brightest bulbs in Congress a said many
outrageous and silly things to the past
these are Republican from Florida he's
gonna try to add to that pantheon of
ill-advised commentary by weighing in on
this Donald Trump jr. controversy let's
watch you believe it was appropriate for
Donald Trump jr. to take a meeting with
a Russian national who promised to
provide damaging information to him and
his associates involving Hillary Clinton
do I think it's appropriate I think I
probably would have done the same thing
I mean it's opposition research and you
know anybody that's been in an election
you're always looking to get the upper
hand you know keep in mind she wasn't an
official for the Russian government the
way I understand it she's a lawyer a
Russian lawyer and if somebody comes to
us and says hey we've got information on
an opponent yeah I think that's an
appropriate thing to do
it's a side note here on how funny Wolf
Blitzer is is that I'd have done the
same thing so the illegal Wolf's like a
little ratchet like really you would
have done the same thing anyway so yes
if you take anything of value from a
foreign source during a campaign that is
illegal now unless the Russians came
doing with like oh I don't know we
googled it googling it is free you could
at Google - - and here's the stuff we
have on Hillary Clinton old articles
from the New York Times that would not
have been illegal because that they can
get for free on Google but anything that
elsewhere they would have to spend money
to procure information on Hillary
Clinton if it is handed over to them
from a foreign source yes would be
illegal and going to get in let alone if
they thought it was stolen and it's then
it breaks several different laws and
Yoho comes in here because that's like a
good idea
somebody kidding me with Apple research
and they were Russia's out of taking it
ok it's ok to do opposition research
that is very normal it is not normal to
get it from an outside source like a
foreign country that is not normal it is
not acceptable and it is not legal and
he says well I understand that she
turned out to be not connected to
Russians actually she is connected to a
lot of the people in the higher ups
connected to Putin but at the time in
the emails Goldstone tells Donald Trump
jr.
she is with the Russian government he
says I love it that intent is more
important than what she actually wound
up giving to all right one more from you
home if someone like that a foreign
national came to an American with
obviously close contacts for the vent
soon-to-be Republican presidential
nominee that that person should have
contacted the FBI about that information
do you think that was necessary I think
probably going forward that may be what
happens especially in this case where
Donald Trump's the president now but
going back you have to put yourself back
at that time frame you know at that time
frame I think it's perfectly appropriate
for what he did in other words we didn't
think he was really gonna win and so we
just try and like held that win and you
know like spring a couple of laws when
you're running for president is not a
big deal and then once you're president
I guess you shouldn't continue to break
the law
Wow Thank You legal expert Ted Yoho
but another aside I can't help myself
has Wolf Blitzer ever shown any emotion
ever okay
yeah well shouldn't they have turned it
into the FBI anyways by the way the
correct answer is yes they should have
turned it into the FBI when the gore
campaign got a tape of Bush debate prep
they believed that it was stolen from
Bush headquarters they didn't go like
Ted Yoho Mike look at our lock and hey
got a win man let's bring the lawn just
use the stolen stuff right no they
turned it over to the FBI like you're
supposed to
but Yoho I mean putting inside the
goofiness and things he shouldn't be
saying on TV is a decent representative
the Republican philosophy which is when
it all costs by any means necessary and
we'll sort it out later one side plays
like that and the other side plays
patty-cakes
gee I wonder whether Republicans are
routing the Democrats yeah and and
whenever the Democrats are in charge
they ever have consequences for all the
law-breaking that the Republicans do no
they just go we won't look back we'll
look forward well you know what you'll
see it when you look forward this kind
of cheating and another ass-kicking
delivered to you so if you never punish
people for breaking the law guess what
they'll do they'll keep breaking the law
if you
this video you love the whole TYT
Network check it out at TYT Network comm
slash join
