a man who is associated with pussy write
a protest group in Russia appears to
have been poisoned he has been moved to
the toxicology section of a hospital in
Russia
his name is Peter vessel off and he
referred to himself as the producer of
the group Pussy Riot if you can recall
back in 2012 there were members of Pussy
Riot who had gone into a Catholic Church
and they had protested in a Catholic
Church to draw attention to Putin's
behavior and and some of the human
rights issues that were happening in the
country at the time and continue to
happen today and they were imprisoned as
a result of that for two years and so
Peter was in the center of that but more
recently according to reports he had
served as the publisher of the
independent media outlet mediazona more
recently he and three other members of
Pussy Riot also ran onto the field
during the World Cup final to protest
human rights violations in Russia so he
suddenly became incredibly ill they
didn't know what was going on they
rushed into the hospital and at first
you know they ran some tests and they
couldn't find anything but later they
did move him to the toxicology
department or part of the hospital and
and they're still treating him but it
appears that he is in critical condition
at the moment so two things about this
first of all we still haven't a debate
about whether Putin's government poisons
people a yet another poisoning of
someone that angered the Russian
government Wow golly gee what a
coincidence
it's the coincidences keep piling up but
then I saw the second part is pussy
right anything happened a long time ago
that can't be the reason why did he do
something at the independent media
outlet mediazona that he now runs the
and he's the publisher for that got him
in trouble maybe I don't know if they
wrote about one of the oligarchs or etc
but then it's also entirely possible
that they this was to teach people a
lesson for him running onto the field
during the World Cup you don't embarrass
motherland Russia and if you do you'll
get poisoned for your efforts so and of
course they were protesting human rights
violations
you definitely don't do that in Russia
let's imagine how busy the toxicology
wings of the Russian hospitals are these
days yes unfortunately a lot of
reporters and political opponents wind
up there in Russia so this and but
everybody in the country realizes that
there's only one well two guys if you
count dana rohrabacher
will insist a lotta more Putin is a man
of the people and is a man of his word
and we should trust them on on the
things that that he does I Got News for
you none of the rest of us do and this
is very very suspicious as usual the TYT
Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more TYT content
at TYT dot-com / app
