are you or someone you love having
difficulty accepting the fact Donald
Trump won the presidency are you or
someone you love realizing that Donald
Trump won the presidency but your lives
are still miserable do you say stuff
like the gays can get a day why can't we
or blacks get a full month completely
discounting the fact that these
communities were persecuted and vilified
for something they could not change
about themselves are you offended that
the radical left won't respect your
president even though you respected the
Muslim Kenyan Isis sympathizer do you
lose sleep over the fact that only 22
million Americans will lose their
insurance when all Americans should have
the freedom of choice to be crippled by
preventable medical debt you may be
suffering from acute chronic snowflake
ism
symptoms may include burning burning
torches as you protest taking down
racist monuments of figures like robert
e lee that sought to keep 13% of the
population as slaves or calling any
dissenting opinion against donald trump
soft safe space loving snowflakes and
also somehow radically violent leftist
while being unnecessarily triggered by
things like an international coffee
franchise like starbucks not using
christmas logos on their cups around
wintertime and claim that America is
losing sight of its judeo-christian
values getting upset that fictional
characters like Wonder women aren't
patriotic enough saying things like
Hillary won the popular vote
side-effects also include forgetting
that Hillary Clinton actually did in
fact win the popular vote or constantly
blaming that fact on an unfounded
conspiracy that millions of illegal
immigrants voted despite the fact that
that's been disproven countless times
I'm with her or tirelessly bringing back
failed old campaign slogans no one's
saying six months into having Trump as
president because all aspects of the
government is run by Republicans and our
lives only keep getting worse so you try
to attack things that are no longer
relevant like Benghazi email servers and
billions to Iran ah as if this has
anything to do with the current
administration oh all while ignoring
Donald Trump's incredibly low approval
rating super unpopular legislative
agenda that seeks to make health care
unaffordable the 22 million Americans
exclusively to give the wealthy few tax
cuts that they don't need well there's
hope visit snowflake no more calm and
see how
Donald Trump is making America great
again visit my Instagram at Hasan D
Parker and participate in the
conversation or by reading a book like
literally any book just not a book that
was written by a conservative this PSA
was paid for by no one because I'm not a
corporate bought out political pundit
who says things they don't actually
believe in just to make some money or
rile some racist Republicans up
