an unnamed police officer in Baton Rouge
has filed a lawsuit against black lives
matter over a man who unfortunately shot
and killed three cops back in July of
now the lawsuit has to do with the
notion that black lives matter incited
so much violence that it led this man
Gavin long to ambush cops in Baton Rouge
which led to the death of three officers
and also wounded two deputies and
another officer
so lawyers for one of the wounded law
enforcement officers filed the complaint
Friday in US District Court for the
Middle District of Louisiana against
various arms of the black lives matter
movement and leaders including DeRay
mcmechen and Ginetta LZ so the complaint
alleges that black lives matter and its
leaders are responsible for the shooting
because they quote incited the violence
against police and retaliation for the
death of black men shot by police and
quote did nothing to dissuade the
ongoing violence and injury to police ok
so this just to give you context this
shooting in in Baton Rouge happened
pretty close after the shooting that
happened in Dallas which also claimed
the lives of police officials after that
shooting in Dallas there were a number
of statements made by black lives matter
condemning the violence speaking out
against it but it doesn't matter right
and and look it's what happened to these
cops was horrific you read the details
about what happened to this particular
cop and you know the fact that he will
be permanently disabled as a result of
the shooting you feel sick to your
stomach but to say that black lives
matter insulted this violence I think is
going a little far and to say that they
didn't do anything to dissuade the
violence or speak out against it is just
patently untrue
so the shooters were none in any way
connected to black lives matter that
should count for something so you're
just putting it on them because I don't
know one group is black and the shooter
was black they he had nothing to do with
the group but I don't know I can't tell
the difference so I'm gonna say his
black lives matter second of all the the
shooter in Dallas was actively rejected
by several African American groups that
he applied to they're like
dude there's something wrong with you
and and they didn't take him in doesn't
matter damned if you do damned if you
don't
well I mean he was black he shot at cops
you're black and you care to make sure
that cops actually serve the community
now hence you must be guilty okay so
that's guilt by association it has a
clear racial component and most
importantly I think it's on American to
say you shouldn't speak out on an issue
that's important and if you do I'll sue
you because I'll claim that your
legitimate words on those issues that
are political First Amendment protected
all of that I don't care I will claim it
led to violence in other areas to shut
you up and to make sure that you don't
have those First Amendment rights
I thought conservatives were really
really concerned about debate in this
country and First Amendment rights and
they want to make sure that everyone got
a chance to speak it turns out well for
some of them when it comes to black
lives matter no no and look it's it's
definitely true when it comes to back
the black lives matter but there is this
insane effort by the right wing in the
country to go after anyone who wants to
challenge authority who wants to speak
out who wants to protest think about the
fact that there were bills state bills
proposed indicating that hey if there
are protesters blocking the street and a
driver happens to accidentally run over
some of them well it should be okay
right I mean that's that's the kind of
intimidation tactic that's being used by
by people in power forget the right wing
people in power who don't want
individuals to use their First Amendment
right to speak out and that's that's a
trend that we're seeing it goes further
than black lives matter it and by the
way in this case or in all the cases
right now in this code period of time it
is Republican legislators that are
pushing that forward including in
Arizona where they suggested arresting
anyone who goes to protest if anyone at
that protest were to do some crime at a
later time so even if they're not
connected to that crime whether it's
especially window or anything like
that they would arrest all of the
protesters and all the people who plan
the protest that had nothing to do with
the violence
now that bill was so outrageous that it
was pulled back even some to be fair to
conservatives even some conservatives in
Arizona were like wait wouldn't that
cover tea party protest too and our
protests so that's probably not a good
idea yeah of course it's not a good idea
whether you agree with the produce or
don't agree with the protest so it so
that's why this lawsuit has a great
number of issues and by the way if you
did this in Reverse are you kidding me
so I guess we'd have to shut down at
almost every right-wing outlet and
definitely Fox News because they start
under this logic they certainly do it in
Reverse
right hey Bill O'Reilly with tiller the
baby killer tiller the baby killer
tiller got shot and killed you know well
being a quote-unquote baby killer
exactly so you know look I think
rhetoric matters I think it's important
and I think everyone needs to dial it
back right now because things have
gotten super divisive but to say that
people rising up and speaking out
against their unarmed children and
getting shot and killed their unarmed
family members getting shot and killed
to say that they're the ones that leads
to all this violence is kind of crazy
it's all about perspective I'll file a
lawsuit - how about that because what
happens is it starts with a violent
approach to things so if someone is shot
and killed murdered by particular police
officer and the police union or that
particular Police Department or police
departments nationwide or blue lives
matter organization whatever the hell
that is decides to say hey let's circle
the wagons around this murderous cop and
make sure he gets off or we cover up
what happened oh oh I mean the body
camera fee slipped off oh that footage
was lost and let's circle around and get
him off which they do the majority of
the time then I'm upset because now
you've now condoned this violence which
will then incite other violence from
people who may or may not have listened
to a black lives matter and now you're
the start of it now I'm suing you for
getting that cop shot because you start
with the violence pissed other people
off got away with it and now that
violence has gone to you now those cops
that are crippled and shot should be mad
at their fellow cops for not going after
the bad ones the few bad apples if
there's a few bad apples get rid of them
if you're gonna protect them you are all
bad apples now and now everyone has a
target on their back because of the
violence that you started how about you
sue those cops for allowing this shit to
stop what I don't get is okay so what
what are you supposed to do if your 12
year old son gets shot and killed within
two seconds of a cop arriving at a park
because they think he's playing with a
real gun when in reality was a toy gun
like what are you supposed to do they
didn't ask any questions they shot him
within two seconds what are you supposed
to do when you see the video falando
Castille politely telling the cop I have
a gun in the car license gun in the car
officer being polite and still getting
shot within seconds like well are you
not supposed to say anything
that's not see it's the streets are not
support you're not supposed to challenge
any power whatsoever that is the message
here and I think that that's problematic
to say the least especially if you
gallivanting around town pretending like
you care about the First Amendment and
free speech free speech goes further
than college campuses and having Ann
Coulter or whoever show up and try to
rouse students up free speech means
allowing people to speak out when they
see injustice and in this case there has
been countless cases of injustice but
that's why I mentioned conservatives in
the beginning Anna it isn't just about
this lawsuit conservatives have said
over and over again that that people
shouldn't protest things like the Tamir
rice shooting okay all my own black
lives matter they call them a terrorist
group because they complain that their
twelve-year-old son is murdered within
two seconds and nobody asks a question
it's a toy gun it's not a toy gun
there's a pull up and kill the kid right
so no there what consumers tell you is
screw the First Amendment I don't care
about your right to protest the minute
you protest I'm gonna call you a thug
I'm gonna call you a terrorist I'm gonna
sue you okay because what do you want
them to do because servers want you to
be quiet and know your role and for a
long time in this country that role was
they dominate and we're supposed to take
it okay we meaning all of the rest of us
okay well no we're not going to
we are going to do things that are
American like protests and demand our
rights and demand not to be killed and
it's not too much to ask for and by the
way I mean Jared didn't have to go as
far as he did in his painting to come
back around to the cops you could just
stop halfway so when you protect cops
that kill people
doesn't that incite violence from other
cops who think oh I could just kill
people and get away with it look look at
all of the cases where cops shot people
and there was no consequences so
everyone who protected those bad apples
are now in sight under your logic not my
logic your logic is inciting and
encouraging further violence against
black people let's go to all of you
right
no that suit doesn't make sense this
suit doesn't make sense and it is deeply
unamerican
in this country we get to speak out and
if you don't like it you use your voice
and your First Amendment rights this is
nothing but an attempted intimidation if
you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network
dot-com sighs join
