police in Australia unfortunately shot a
man and a woman who were at a sex club
in Australia at least it's a club that
has sex fantasy nights and people dress
up in costumes and they do their thing
and apparently 40 armed police officers
raided the Saints and thinners ball an
erotic fantasy dress party described as
a no-holds-barred extravaganza of adult
fun on its website at the inflation
nightclub so apparently someone a club
goer believed that there was someone
there with a gun and that's what led to
police showing up they show up and they
seem hard to hide in that context
wouldn't it yeah I mean they're dressed
up in costume so could someone possibly
have a toy gun yeah so everyone calmed
down I mean ask some questions before
you freak out and call the cops and then
of course things get out of control so
40 cops show up at that point there was
a man and the woman in a compromising
position and cops allege that the man
was holding what appeared to be a gun
and he refused to put it down at least
that's their side of the story it's
kinda it's interesting how similar this
story is to some of the stuff that we
cover here in the US so Dale ian's who
was dressed as the Joker was reportedly
left seriously injured after he was shot
in the stomach when armed officers
mistook his fake gun for a real weapon
and then the woman that he was in a
compromising position with azita Succoth
was dressed as comic book supervillain
Harley Quinn and was unfortunately shot
in the leg now her injury is not
life-threatening his is and hopefully he
makes a recovery a full recovery
venue staff have stated that the male
victim was not holding anything in his
hand but rather he was in a compromising
position with the female partner which
is a normal activity with the nature of
this event that's according to the owner
of this club or this event yeah so
obviously a full investigation will tell
you who are the real culprits here but
boy is there a lot of overreaction here
I'm surprised this story's not in
America that
so they do it in other places as well
apparently so first off look if the guy
is in mid cordis it is unlikely that he
is in that context of dangerous guy now
if you found somebody like that dresses
a joker in an alleyway on top of woman
you might think oh my god is he
assaulting her and he has a weapon okay
and as sex party you would hopefully
make a different assumption wouldn't you
right and and whoever is the schmuck is
and look there's two possibilities one
is a schmuck called us in because he's
like oh everybody's dressed in costumes
and some of the customs have weapons oh
my god what if they are real I'll call
it in oh yeah yeah right or somebody is
that kind of person wouldn't go to this
type of event like exactly talking which
leads to the other and now this is
speculation other possibility that
somebody didn't like the idea of this
party so they made a federal case out of
it and said it was really really
dangerous that's why the Australian sent
in forty cops that's a lot of cops the
bus the sex party right so we don't know
that's we'll find that out in in this
investigation that that they're gonna do
but overall same thing for Australia's
you would have an America just settle
down for one quick second okay allow for
the withdrawal method and see if the guy
actually is a weapon or not you don't
need to panic especially in the middle
of a sex party it is not a place where
you normally bring weapons so give the
guy a chance
qit membership gives you commercial free
young turks downloaded stream it
podcasts that get all the network shows
and support independent media TYT
Network comm slash join
