Hurricane Maria killed more US citizens
than 911 and Benghazi combined but if
you ask the president 3,000 dead Puerto
Ricans is just great I think the Puerto
Rico was an incredible unsung success by
the way even FEMA doesn't agree with
Trump's comments on FEMA but that was
yesterday's news now in the wake of
Florence our idiotic president went so
far as to claim without any sort of
facts or any sort of evidence whatsoever
that the 3,000 death toll was not real
it was fake news you know the bipartisan
impartial multiple source death toll
that the government has declared
official that one three thousand US
citizens dead and the president is
crying fake news in blaming Democrats
that's because three thousand Porto
Rican deaths is just a nuisance for our
president so it shouldn't be shocking
that half of America doesn't know that
Puerto Ricans are US citizens after all
this administration certainly doesn't
treat them as US citizens or even human
beings for that matter
yesterday we also found out that before
the hurricane season Trump took hundreds
of millions of dollars from FEMA and
other social programs to fund ice
detainment facilities we literally took
money that could have saved brown people
in Puerto Rico actual Americans and then
we put that money into jailing brown
children when it comes to killing poor
brown people in America is this as
always booming like the 2.8 trillion
dollars we've wasted on the war on
terror after 9/11 but when it comes to
saving poor brown people we just never
seem to make ends meet when natural
disasters target poor communities
especially poor brown or black
communities we simply can never find the
resources and in many ways Hurricane
Maria was the perfect storm I get that
Porto Rico was already facing a severe
debt crisis created by greedy Wall
Street bankers and their handmaidens
filling influential positions in the
Puerto Rican government which had
already crippled the islands
infrastructure long before the storm and
as our very stable genius president
pointed out ora Rico is in fact an
island so Puerto Rico was confronted
with multiple logistical hurdles that
hurricane victims on the mainland did
not face but the Trump administration
knew all of this before Maria hit and
still did virtually nothing to minimize
the impact while Texas and other states
hit by natural disasters of comparable
magnitude got the proper assistance PR
was treated to a
or standard despite having suffered much
larger damage for example nine days
after Harvey FEMA approved a hundred and
forty one point eight million dollars in
individual assistance to Texas versus
just six point two million for Maria
victims and new details of FEMA's
mismanagement of Hurricane Maria are
still emerging just yesterday we found
out that close to a million water
bottles meant for victims in Puerto Rico
were still sitting on a runway somewhere
so Trump's apathy has actually had very
real human consequences that go far
beyond the terrible optics of our
president chucking paper towels into a
crowd of hurricane victims Trump might
be able to silence the cries for help by
claiming that his administration did a
good job or perform borderline Holocaust
denial but the reality on the ground is
far grimmer all to outsiders the island
may look to be back in business with
cruise ships lining up its power restore
to populated areas regular Puerto Rican
Americans are still suffering tens of
thousands still live under blue FEMA
tarps after their roofs were blown off
many bridges and roads remain on the
verge of collapse and recovery efforts
just feel like a band-aid placed on a
gaping wound this administration's lack
of interest in PR is certainly based on
the island's demographics and
socio-economic situation but also
because Puerto Rico wields much less
political power than other states but
with climate change advancing at an
alarming rate these extreme weather
conditions are becoming the new normal
in areas populated by minorities
especially poor minorities will not get
the relief they deserve this is how
climate change will have unimaginable
consequences on the poor as residents of
the Carolinas are also finding out the
wealthy can always evacuate or relocate
but those left behind without means or
the capacity to move will face the risk
of becoming mere statistics statistics
that Trump and other Republicans will
ignore or even call fake news
i'ma Psalm piker if you don't think
anyone deserves to be treated this way
then please share this video with your
friends also leave your thoughts in the
comment section below and for a longer
conversation join me on my twitch live
everyday at twitch TV / hasta nabi and
please go to t y-t-dot-com slash join to
support us by getting a TYT membership
and this has been the breakdown you like
this video great never miss another
breakdown video by hitting the subscribe
button below and also ring the bell to
get notified whenever we publish a new
one
