so all of a sudden there's an
interesting talking point about James
Comey and those memos he wrote regarding
how Trump asked him to end the
investigation on Flint
now that was big news because that could
be perceived as obstruction of justice
at the time James Comey is the head of
the FBI Trump pulls them aside the
president says hey stop the
investigation on on Flynn call me
according to his own testimony takes a
memo about that right afterwards and
puts it on the record and the FBI and
once he's no longer the FBI director
after Trump fired him he comes out and
says yeah I wrote it down immediately
after he told me so that it's on the
record okay so you know that part of the
story well now there's an attack against
Comey saying they're some of the stuff
that he had in those memos might have
been classified and did he leak stuff
that was classified uh-oh so it was on
Drudge Report so it must be true and
also on Fox let's check that out
remember when James Comey testified the
material he leaked to a friend was not
classified yet my view was that the
content of those unclassified the
memorialization of those conversations
was my recollection recorded well it
turns out he actually may have broken
the rules a brand-new bombshell report
accuses Comey of putting our national
security at risk according to the hill
the former FBI directors personal memos
detailing private conversations with
President Trump contained top-secret
information
top-secret information actually I don't
think I read the hill story I don't
think they use the words top secret top
secret and classified are different
trying to explain that to a fox anchor
anyway so is it true I mean that would
be very hypocritical of James Comey
because you remember what he said about
Hillary Clinton of all people he said
that quote there is evidence that they
meaning the Clinton in office were
extremely careless in their handling a
very sensitive highly classified
information
of course he famously did not pursue
charges against her but did abrade her
in that press conference where he gave
that quote so if it turns out he leaked
stuff that is classified boy that that
would be an interesting charge of
seeing some Republicans might revel at
that given that COMESA thorn on Trump's
side right now some Democrats might
secretly snicker as well well the
question is is it true well everybody's
quoting the same guy John Solomon at the
hill so let me quote him for you too so
you get the full context and then let's
talk about who John Solomon is Comey
testified last month before the Senate
Intelligence Committee that he
considered the memos to be personal
documents and that he shared at least
one of them with a friend he asked that
friend a law professor at Columbia
University to leak information from one
memo to the news media in hopes of
increasing pressure to get a special
prosecutor named the Russia case after
Comey was fired his FBI director now all
that it is true that's right that's a
good beginning to the story that just
explains what Comey did in the past so
then he says more than half of the memos
former FBI director James Comey wrote as
personal recollections of his
conversations with President Trump about
the Russia investigation have been
determined to contain classified
information
according to interviews with officials
familiar with the documents interesting
I wonder who those guys are
so Salman continues this revelation
raised the possibility Comey broke his
own agency's rules and ignore the same
security protocol that he publicly
criticized Hillary Clinton over in the
waning days of the 2016 presidential
election so now if true that would be
interesting I don't know if it'll rise
the level of actionable tomi might have
to do a press conference where he says
well I'm not pursuing myself but what I
did was extremely kills he's no longer
the FBI director so he wouldn't do that
but it would be a nice gotcha moment you
know if that turns out to be the case
and and Democrats like I said might
secretly rejoice a little bit but mainly
the Trump administration would be like
yes that discredits him and we're done
with him even though it doesn't actually
discredit the stuff in the memo at all
what it does is politically attack James
Comey for revealing what's in the memo
it doesn't make the memos any less true
let alone the fact that I'm not
convinced that this is the case again
we'll get back to who
the author of this article is in a
second now
speaking with John Solomon writes and to
give you a sense of how much of a
witch-hunt there's gonna be now on Comey
in order to make an assessment
congressional investigators will have to
tackle key questions such as where and
how the memos were created including
whether they were written on an unsecure
computer or notepad where and how the
memo was restored such as inside commis
home in a briefcase or on an insecure
laptop whether any memos were shown to
private individuals without a security
clearance and whether those memos
contain any classified information and
when it was determined by the government
that the memos contained classified
information before Comey took them and
shared one or after so in other words
James Comey if you wrote that memo on a
notepad right after the Trump meeting in
your car and put it in your briefcase
I don't know was it properly secured was
it classified if it was classified I
wrote it on an unsecured notepad and you
wrote it on the desk and the desk is
unsecured he's the FBI director I don't
know I don't know we're gonna have to
look at every nook and cranny were you
eating lunch - what lunch were you
eating when you wrote that no did you
write them up did you speak to note was
anybody else in the room so look if you
thought there was a real issue that
James Comey accidentally shared
classified information with the Russians
the Chinese the public will blurt it out
like hey here's my memo oh here's me
talking with Trump which is unclassified
about how he wants me to end the
investigation and here's the nuclear
codes right underneath it then yeah then
get into his lunch and whether he wrote
it on a goad or on a boat hey but this
is basically saying we're coming to get
you James Comey oh you thought and you
claimed very clearly that they were
unclassified they were just
recollections of your meeting with Trump
there's nothing classified about that
you say potato I say potato brother okay
and where's your notepads because I'm
coming to invade your life so is it true
well John Solomon is the person who
wrote here look look at the hill
everybody singing to hell nobody's
saying John Solomon
the hell is reporting commis private
memos on Trump conversations contained
classified until right underneath it we
highlighted for you John Psalms so who
is John Solomon he works at the hell now
but here's two of his previous employers
he was editor-in-chief of The Washington
Times which is a conservative propaganda
outlet run by or at least previously run
by I don't know who was it today owned
by Reverend moon some lunatic that
wanted to pursue a lot of different
things including his right-wing agenda
and then but that's not an exaggeration
by the way look it up or look up revver
moon lunatic chief creative officer also
for circle news how certain OHS haven't
heard of them that sounds kind of
interesting right yeah they're owned by
Sinclair Broadcasting right-wing media
outlet that does propaganda for Donald
Trump against Barack Obama in the past
they owned a lot of local TV stations
John Oliver recently did a great story
about them we have covered them in the
past and local television is where a lot
of people unfortunately still get their
news and certainly at their political
ads and Sinclair Broadcasting will put
conservative op-eds in without clearly
labeling that their op-eds or that
they're from headquarters into local
news with absurd propaganda in them and
circa was their digital effort to do
this and if you look up articles in
circa it is one after another defending
Donald Trump criticizing his opponents
etc etc so the guy who wrote this story
is a person who's run many conservative
outlets I look now he works for the hill
so I don't know to what degree they had
an obligation to point out that the the
writer of this article is deeply
conservative and you know you know what
to say deeply however conservative he is
but he clearly worked for very very
conservative outlets that have a very
clear track record but they never
mention any of that I'm not saying the
guy can't write the article I'm not
saying he can't even write a straight
news article if mainly did he worked on
commentary in the past maybe a little
note to let us know so right now I think
we're among the very few outlets talking
about that everybody else is like top
the hill is reporting the hill is
reporting
incredibly conservative source that
james comey questionable questionable so
suffice it to say I'll believe it when I
see it so right now there is no evidence
outside of anonymous sources from a very
conservative writer that this is true
and then reverberating through Drudge
and and Fox News to outlets who also
have about zero credibility so now you
know if you like this clip of The Young
Turks you know there's a whole live
two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern every
day and you could download it or stream
in and watch it without ads if you
become a member
TYT Network comm /join
