so Rex Tillerson is of course Secretary
of State former CEO for ExxonMobil and
of course as the Secretary of State he
has to back up his boss and and they
famously had this meeting with the
Russians a couple of days ago and
there's only a couple people in the room
and on our side it was just Trump Rex
Tillerson and an interpreter and so I
now in their site was just Putin their
foreign minister lavrov and an
interpreter so now what message tell us
what's to put out is look we were tough
on Russia now were they actually tough
on Russia not at all how are they tough
on Russia well we brought up the idea of
collusion a couple of times that
including right in the beginning and
what happened after you brought it up
Putin said he really really didn't do it
so we have to quote move forward and
that's a Rex Tillerson quote in fact I'm
gonna give you the full quote which is
the relevant part of this story in a
second so in other words you weren't
tough on the Russians at all so there's
no threat of any consequences for their
meddling in our election there was just
no repercussions whatsoever you just
brought it up they said we didn't do it
and you said no okay fine let's move
forward and well no Tillison says no no
they show the sanctions were brought up
in fact this is now for The Washington
Post
the day after Trump told Putin that
members of Congress were pushing for
additional sanctions against Russia over
the election issue Tillerson sent
so--that's Tillerson saying that and
here's a direct quote from Tillerson but
the two presidents I think rightly
focused on how do we move forward
he added okay so there's the I mean we
brought up the issue and then we decided
we're not gonna do anything about it
when we move forward that was clear
enough anyway but there he at least said
hey we discussed the sanctions okay so
get off our back so what does Trump do
the very next day after Tolson tells
that to the press Rex
meet the underside of a bus he tweets
out sanctions were not discussed at my
meeting with President Putin nothing
will be done until the Ukrainian and
Syrian problems are solved so get a load
of that tweet number one Rex Rex Rex Rex
what are you doing everybody knows that
if you
go to backup the president and you live
for him he will throw you under a bus
unwittingly cuz he doesn't know anybody
he's an idiot he's an unguided missile
he should say that you discuss sanctions
because that would seem more tough on
Russia but he can't help himself because
I feel anxious we talked about I didn't
mention that at all Rex did I already
tell you to lie and say that we we
mentioned sanctions well somebody's got
to tell the president be in in more than
tweet length that that happened so he
doesn't undermine his own officials okay
so there again the president tells
somebody if you do go do something and
then contradicts it right afterwards but
if you notice the second part is also
important he said in the same part on a
tweet nothing will be done about the
sanctions until the Ukrainian and Syrian
problems are solved you know what that
means
ain't gonna be no sanctions Gigi
Trump is thing about this way the
Russia's helped me win that election
should I put sanctions on them for that
it's like of course not I'd open
sanctions on them they're the ones who
helped me get elected president so I
love this infinite timeline of whenever
Syria gets resolved they will move on to
sanctions
yeah when there's peace in the Middle
East Trump will do something about the
Russians they never ever ever gonna do
anything about it because they love the
rustling
Russian meddling in the elections and
whatever small lies that Rex Tillerson
was putting out there are quashed by
Trump himself as usual very poorly
played TYT membership gives you
commercial free young turks downloaded
stream at podcasts that get all the
network shows and support independent
media TYT Network comm /join
