we got Bernie Sanders is back on tour
this weekend for care not cut rallies in
Kentucky in West Virginia and this is
again to continue building opposition to
the Senate health care bill and right in
the middle of Trump territory so what do
you think should should Republicans and
Trump be scared about this hell yes they
should so random thing here that because
look everybody's got their own opinion
and I certainly have mine but Howard
Dean was out today talking about how the
Democrats will definitely win the house
back in 2018 and if the Republicans in
this Senate also passed their health
care bill and so it goes in obviously
Trump will sign it goes into effect etc
that the Democrats will also win back
the Senate which is a very very hard
thing to do given that it's mostly
Democrats that are up for reelection in
the Senate but it's easier this I assume
it's gonna happen uh-huh no but vision
board our way there yes so now I'm a
little skeptical about Howard Dean these
days because I think that you know he to
some degree he goes along with some of
these establishment players and he
thought Hillary Clinton was definitely
going to win and so big grain of salt
there but I think that he is overall
right that this health care issue is way
more damaging to the Republicans than
they realize and I like that Howard Dean
is focusing on an actual issue as
opposed Russia Russia Russia and and so
that's a long way of getting back around
to saying I think that Bernie Sanders
strategy of going after them in Kentucky
and West Virginia by the way the
50-state strategy hence Howard Dean
agreeing with that makes a lot of sense
I think it's exactly right it's
interesting because when you know I
helped to found the Justice Democrats
their primary corporate Democrats and
then so they could run real tough races
against Republicans no more kids gloves
no more oh but my donor would be
displeased if I you know ran a race like
that I'm not gonna go after the bankers
because I have banker donors no no just
Democrats don't take any big corporate
donors they don't take any PAC money so
you drop my West Virginia yeah we
apology and Swearengen there who is
breathing fire against Joe Manchin who
you know plays patty cakes with Trump a
lot of times so now that's not Bernie's
agenda including possibly on this issue
yes so not to be fair to Manchin he is
not voted with her homes at all yet on
health care he's just a little bit more
out in front saying theoretically I mean
I really would like to work with you
guys like he's not saying he would
support it but he seems like the most if
there was a possible Democratic flip it
would theoretically be him at this point
well if there was a possible Democratic
flip on any issue would always be led by
Joe Manchin but it hasn't happened yet
on this issue so and that's not Bernie's
agenda and going to West Virginia
certainly not against you know he's not
trying to run against other Democrats or
anything like that but what he's saying
is yes if we are strong and progressive
of course we could win in West Virginia
West Virginia I used to be filled to the
rim with Democrats until Democratic
Party became considered an elitist party
the party of the 1% so let's go the
opposite direction and say we're
actually representing you guys and I
reason I brought up just Democrats is
that in one of our meetings I said Anna
and I plan to do this I think Kentucky
should be the epicenter of our fight
back so now when you tell establishment
Democrats that Kentucky's Republican
it'll know if we run a corporatist like
Alison Grimes who's a standard super
boring establishment candidate maybe we
could meet McConnell by pretending to be
Republican light how'd that turn out for
you Lazarus as always what if she held a
Bible in an ad yeah I think that if we
run populist campaigns obviously I think
we're gonna win West Virginia with Paul
G of origin by the way to go to justice
Democrats calm / win to donate to Paul
gene if you want to or needs progressive
candidates but but I think we can go all
the way to Kentucky
you run the populist campaign you know
what Bernie was talking about you know
it Obamacare has tremendously helped
people in Kentucky and you take away
that option in Kentucky it's going to
hurt real people and you can't like the
Republican
just run ads they get tons of money from
their giant donors and they run as
trying to trick you you and it works
until your grandma all of a sudden loses
Medicare or your dad loses Medicaid and
then somebody's sick and your family you
look what the hell happened well they
took away Obamacare that's what happened
and the Republicans know this Mitch
McConnell in the closing weeks of his
race ran ads pretending to be in favor
of Kentucky's version of Obamacare even
they know the progressive populist
politics actually works so Bernie taking
the fight to them in Kentucky in West
Virginia it's not a misguided strategy
it's a perfect strategy yeah I mean I
think that you know also you got Rand
Paul right from the from the right
saying the health care bill doesn't even
go far enough you know so I mean this is
how out of touch you know Kentucky right
and yeah yeah that's right
West Virginia West Virginia and Kentucky
I mean so like I've seen clips of coal
miners tell Sanders just like their mind
is exploding they're like I don't
understand how a Democratic Socialist is
representing me and my concerns better
than my own senator you know in in
Washington and it's like yeah because
we're actually talking about issues and
and people and the most and there
studies that show that the people were
going to be most affected by this you
know the repeal and replace of Obamacare
with the this piece of the
legislation our Trump voters and our
people who are relying on Medicare um I
wanted to quickly show a piece of news
brokes video a shout out to news broke
homies Kate Matt Nadine that's her
little small team because news row
basically thinks that Trump doesn't know
what he's talking about on health care
and in fact maybe from all the things he
said actually wants universal health
care want single-payer health care and
that his voters the people who voted for
him are right to demand that he deliver
on that so I wanted to throw to a little
clip from that video Trump actually
sounds
morale like he cares
this Trump care cuz in office he said
multiple times of the failed Republican
House health care bill was quote meaning
and that he wanted to see a Senate bill
with just one thing I want to see and I
speak from the heart that's what I want
to see I want to see a bill with hearth
a bill that's going to be a phenomenal
bill for the people of our country
generous kind with heart that's what I'm
saying and that may be adding additional
money into it yeah you heard the
Republican Court heart and money into
health care wait what is this another
distraction from that other distractions
distraction are we bombing North Korea
right now Trump actually the promised
universal health care so what Bernie is
doing is saying if you promised it you
should deliver on it well played
exactly right help us build independent
media together TYT Network comm /join
