10,000 protesters took the streets of
Hamburg in opposition to inequality
global capitalism Trump may be their
first time to do so
last night's protest was called welcome
to hell
lovingly titled protests were nonviolent
but also violent of course this is a
classic example police are blaming
protesters protesters blaming police
people say clashes 20,000 police were
deployed to Hamburg protesters were met
with water cannons and tear gas and so
far 83 people have been arrested 17 have
been detained one activist told the New
York Times I thought this was good we
were promised a festival of democracy
and what we're living through is a civil
war on our streets I think a lot of that
was from Christophe Klein I think there
were protesters who went there to
actually voice their opposition others
made me to start a couple bonfires but
outside there were definitely people's
voices being heard and saying that the
g20 needs to represent the people of
Europe the people of the world yeah so
this made me realize how different
Europe is than the US now of course I
already knew that but it is like when
you get into the details it's
fascinating
first of all 111 officers injured and
dozens of protesters as well in the u.s.
that is not how the proportion would go
no they if there were two officers
injured there would be hundreds of
protesters injured and arrested 17
detained 111 officers were injured yeah
they were throwing firebombs right there
the protesters were some again there's
black bloc and there's the guys who were
ruining the peaceful protests most of
the protesters were wonderfully peaceful
etc but some were not and smashed
windows etcetera now yes the police had
water cannons pepper spray billy clubs
they did have all that but in the u.s.
this is not how it would have gone down
and I know some right-wingers celebrate
that they're like oh yeah we would have
cracked her skulls and ended these
democratic protest so quick it would
have made your head spin or your head
crack so so yeah and so that's a little
different and then the the protesters
there's 160 different groups that are
protesting and and they're all
progressive and they have so
among them they have all these different
groups among them Pam then again in
America would have been characterized as
like oh my god these guys and look at
them one of them threw a firebomb that's
it they're all terrorists and cetera
meanwhile the Germans German governments
like no no we're trying to give them as
much room as possible to protest to show
people like Turkey and Russia that you
could have protests in a democracy and
not arrests all of your political
opponents which is a wonderful idea and
why I get more pissed at the people who
cause violence inside the protests well
and and meanwhile the the protesters say
look Hamburg is a very progressive city
and so this was an act of aggression by
the government to even have the g20
meeting here again topsy-turvy there is
no like in the American media
no one frames the government as their
aggressors right and and and the
protesters as the innocent ones it's
almost always a reverse it's an act of
aggression by the protesters when the
government can obviously do whatever
they want it's almost as if the people
in Germany can hold their government
counterbalance so it's freaking me out
I just want to say also though that when
you I mean it's like the conventions
here it's like any major protest that
happens in the US I think maybe the last
one I saw that was an exception to this
was the women's March but when you
deploy 20,000 police officers it is I
would say already quite militarized
right and you're also its see as a
peaceful protester I've been there
you're staring down a riot cop right
you're just trying to walk and that it's
almost like they're preparing for and
slash know that they want to you know
that the cops want to start something
you know and I think some of the images
I've been seeing and I know there are
protesters who throw you know whether
you consider throwing a smoke bomb back
or excuse me a tear gas canister back an
act of aggression is up to you but you
know they're the images that struck me
the most we're seeing lines of
non-violent demonstrators sitting down
and just water cannons you know stuff
that we saw at Standing Rock and things
like this
and I think that the the nonviolent
protesters one that kind of scram later
on when black bloc comes out and starts
getting a little more violent but what
and necessarily the numbers are always
going to appear when you see the footage
like and even us even the footage we
just showed would give you the idea that
there's a lot of water cans a lot of
smoke a lot of fire and there's some of
that but we're talking about tens of
thousands of people protesting
theoretically and so it's just the
nature of the media that they're always
going to make it seem far worse than it
was and in the American context would be
even worse that's the only info you'd
ever get about this protest will be
those attacks I just want to say that
this the thing that we need to remember
about protests around global capitalism
is that before you had the
anti-globalist before you had the Alex
Jones Jones is before you had Donald
Trump saying I hate free trade there
were young people in the streets
protesting the g20 the World Economic
Forum the World Trade Organization the
biggest one and the one that started it
all was in in Seattle in 1999 right I
just want to say that Donald Trump
didn't start the anti free trade
movement Alex Jones and start this
anti-globalist you know which is a
versus super reactionary response to
what 10 which 20 years ago almost young
people labor union organizers climate
justice organizers back in the day we're
out there on the streets saying hey
these economic free trade agreements do
not benefit us and guess what they were
met with repression then what happened
9/11 we've completely baited a right
turn George Bush so just to say remember
look back in history that like these
protests have been going on Europe has
been site of some of them strongest
protests against you know free-market
capitalism just sort of running amok not
thinking about workers rights Human
Rights let's remember that when Trump
says he's the only one standing up
against free trade because the reality
is is otherwise and and let's also
remember that he said he would get rid
of NAFTA as far as I know neft is still
in place right so didn't deliver on that
either and lastly I don't know overall
romanticize either the German governor
their response or their protesters so
bad bad stuff has happened on both sides
no question about it just a little
different context than what you would
see in here in the US which leads me to
my final point which is that one of the
groups and you saw their sign there is
olives for Alan
that means everything for everyone now
that's the kind of progressive movement
in in Germany and in Europe that's
perfectly acceptable they probably don't
even know what what I'm referring to
look yeah everything for everyone in
America they like ah labral socialists
communists everything for everyone no no
no everything for the very few who were
super rich help us build independent
media together TYT Network aam /join
