we left you off we're talking about
single-payer and a thing called prop 98
in California Dave can you tell people
with prop 98 is sure
so everybody are a lot of people in
California know what prop 13 is right
yes top 13 was the thing that slashed
property taxes it was these you know was
conservatives in the suburbs who didn't
want to pay property taxes anymore and
so they slashed these things and it made
it very hard for the state to meet its
budget and so about a decade later the
teachers Association said well we're
gonna protect education so they created
this thing called prop 98 and prop 98 it
installs a very complex formula on the
budget literally only one person
actually knows how to apply prop 98 and
he died two years ago
so like we're kind of in trouble here in
California but in general terms it says
forty to fifty percent of all general
fund spending has to go to education and
that's both k12 and community colleges
and if you think about that if you're
taking the healthcare system and putting
it on the budget in other words the
state is running the healthcare system
now
all the money that you raise to go to
that half of it has to go to education
because of clause 98 yes because of this
silly straitjacket on budgeting that
we've put together for ourselves from
this experiment with domecq direct
democracy that movement yes so the only
way around that is at the ballot and you
know you have a slide here that says
some people say you can suspend prop 98
with a two-thirds vote you'd have to do
it every year and you'd have to say and
here's our plan
to back it to raise the money to the
level from before we suspended it in the
budget so every year that you'd have to
say and now it's a 50% tax now it's a
70% tax because every year you'd be
underneath what you were supposed to be
under the prop 98 regime so it's a it's
a problem and you have to go to the
budget now
you're gonna have Michael lighting on
and he's gonna say that's an assumption
and not a fact which is what he said in
my article when he responded I have the
co-author of the bill Ricardo Lara on
tape saying yes you have to go to the
ballot most of the coalition members
have said yes you're gonna have to go to
the ballot eventually it's an important
question and if Michael lighty has a has
a way that we can get around this then
he should tell people because it's a it
would save us 200 million dollars right
we wouldn't have to deal with this stuff
of running a ballot measure it's a very
important question I personally don't
see a way around it you know and if
there is a way around it show us so okay
so let's go to this we'll explain it a
little bit more self-appointed experts
have countered that the state can
suspend prop 98 with a two-thirds vote
of the legislature remember remember
Democrats make up two-thirds of the
legislature they have a supermajority
this has been done twice in the past so
they've done this twice in the past
during downturns in the economy but the
suspension can last for only a single
year it would have to be renewed
annually to keep single payer going so I
will read that and I'm like okay let's
do it let's pass the bill let's have a
two-thirds vote to suspend prop 98 which
means that so we don't have to worry
about overspending on education that
make sure we have single-payer and then
next year we voted it again or maybe
next year we have time to put it on the
ballot or maybe we wait till 2020 and we
just keep so I don't understand why
that's such a barrier to have them vote
every year it's like it's the next thing
in that sentence more important as the
California Budget and Policy Center
explains after any suspension quote the
state must increase prop 98 funding
overtime to the level that it would have
reached absent the suspension in other
words you can say we'll suspend it and
that hundred billion dollars we don't
have to raise you don't have to raise
that right now but we have to show you
in future years we got to raise that
hundred billion dollars and then if you
do it the second year now it's 200
billion and then the next year will be
so you're saying suspending that with a
two-thirds vote is not a panacea because
you've got this other part of the bill
mean you still have to raise them you
still have to eventually raise the money
number one and number two someone's
going to sue you if you view every year
you say we're suspending it we're
suspending it we're suspending it
someone is some some lawyer out there is
gonna say you're violating prop 98 in
spirit and I'm gonna get a judge to tell
you you're wrong so okay it's it's it's
a legal question the fact that you must
show where the money comes from in
future years it's problematic it's not
legally it's not financially and it's
not politically sustainable because
you're now telling two-thirds of the
legislature to vote effectively for the
biggest tax crease in the history of
California every year right because you
have to backfill to put in that money a
hundred billion two hundred billion
three hundred dollars I hear what you're
saying because of prop 98 right but is
it but so let's say if they passed it
couldn't we put it on the ballot inch of
2018 right that's a that's a even year
it's certainly minoo I mean the question
is have you done the work to get that
thing on the ballot right now so here's
the only problem I have when you say
that is that you are correct since the
siene are the sponsors of the bill we
have to you know hold them accountable
what have you but they're not elected
officials no and people who are elected
officials I think have much more of a
commitment or obligation to fulfill
their promises which they're promises
Anthony Rendon studies for single-payer
and he's not doing anything to help it
happen in fact he's doing everything to
kill it and Jerry Brown it's gonna
expose him for being against
single-payer so I have no problem with
calling out legislators for and holding
them accountable
I've done it for most of my career I
know you handwrite I know you there's no
under no circumstances am I trying to
defend or protect people like Anthony
Rendon they should be held account
but we need a strategy that's gonna work
to get around this and I feel light
around Anthony Rendon to get around
anomie Brendan to get around proud
weight to get around everything okay I
have that strategy and I feel like if
Anthony Rendon is saying I can't pass
this bill because it's incomplete what
you do is you complete it
there are apparently seventeen
amendments that are out there yes that
anti Rendon or that CNA has they have
these amendments you can go back to the
Senate and create a bill that includes
all the amendments why weren't they in
there in the first place is my first
question because why would you send over
this thing and then say we're gonna fix
it you know it's no fair Anthony Rendon
isn't letting us fix this thing that we
didn't give you no it was flawed in the
first place that we sent over that's
problematic to me but you can do this
out in public if there are these 17
amendments show us the amendments prove
to Anthony Rendon don't give him an out
prove them now we have a complete bill
all you have to do is bring it up for a
vote and we'll add this stuff in and
we're ready Holt if you want to if
you're saying he's blocking us from
holding hearings hold hearings bring the
legislators who agree with that we
should put a single-payer system
together and put them in Rendon's
district and hold a hearing hold a field
hearing on it put them put them all up
and down the state this would this would
further the process there are plenty of
things you can do
ant they Rendon may have shelved this
bill temporarily but he did not block
Californians from talking about single
tear I mean we can still do that and we
can still build the coalition for the
eventualities of a ballot measure at the
same time that you're putting pressure
on the Assembly Speaker to finally allow
a vote I just I feel like the the all
eggs in one basket strategy of just
going personally at Anthony Rendon is
not going to get you where you want to
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
