Trump is once again taking his luscious
golden locks across the pond to Europe
and landed in Poland it's given us great
nuggets of joy like it's very astute
recollection of World War two
you were invaded yet again this time by
Nazi Germany from the west and the
Soviet Union from the east that's
trouble that's tough
and then the first lady of Poland slided
Donald and all my god the BBC ran it
like it was an ESPN highlight also that
was the only sports reference you will
ever get for me and the mockeries fun I
get that here in the United States we do
that more than anyone else but one
mustn't lose sight of the terrifying
rhetoric Trump is employing amidst the
chauvinism and hair jokes because Trump
fear monger like the awful demagogue he
is in the States but this time he spoke
to the people of Poland the fundamental
question of our time is whether the West
has the will to survive do we have the
confidence in our values to defend them
at any cost
now if the rhetorical questions advanced
here seem familiar to you that's because
the speech was written by perpetually
moist Santa Monica fascist David Miller
who along with human skin tags the
abandoned authored the famous Muslim
travel ban a tale of two thieves
systematically trying to bring about a
war of cultures and religion by
appealing to the base fears of
judeo-christians worldwide do we have
enough respect for our citizens to
protect our borders do we have the
desire and the courage to preserve our
civilization in the face of those who
would subvert and destroy it
ah I'm riled up now I'm not even gonna
get into the irony of this statement
because it represents a very unique
position for the Polish people who
played a big part and brags it cuz
far-right Nationals in the UK were angry
at the surge in Polish immigration
almost as much as they were terrified of
those dirty Muslims but since the polls
are still kind of white and definitely
Catholic Trump highlighted a key part of
the alt-right / Steve ban and manifest
over them we must work together to
confront forces that threaten over time
to undermine these values and to erase
the bonds of culture faith and tradition
that make us who we are looks the
abandon believes that there have been
many global conflicts in the world
between Christian forces and
non-christians and each time the US has
been the singular force for good in the
face of evil as a defender of these West
certain values even when other Western
nations have failed to step up the
judeo-christian West is in a crisis this
is the fourth great crisis in American
history the great fourth turning in
American history there's rot at the
center of the the GA or Christian West
you should have an expansionist Islam if
you only vet if you're gonna let them in
why even let them in we are in an
outright war against jihadists Islam
Islamic fascism an in bandhans worldview
this conflict extends to all ideologies
that have showed away from
judeo-christian values like it started
off with Nazi Germany then extends to
Soviet Russia and now Islam which is why
we hear the same words echoed in Trump's
speech just as Poland could not be
broken I declare today for the world to
hear that the West will never ever be
broken our values will prevail our
people will thrive and our civilization
will triumph now look these are tactics
meant to divide the public in a clear us
versus them mentality and they're not
necessarily new they're similar to the
racial superiority idealism that white
oligarchs advanced in the Reconstruction
era South they did this to keep the
white working-class complicit and
feeling better about their conditions
because at least they weren't black and
this resurging white nationalist
judeo-christian idealism advanced by the
likes of Bannon push a similar agenda be
afraid your Western identities at stake
don't mind the economic disparity
brought about by a crony capitalism and
focus on the dangers of Islam instead
this type of divisive nough sand
scapegoating once proved very effective
when delivered in the original German if
you guys remember what I'm talking about
I'm obviously alluding to Hitler but now
I guess we'll just have to wait and see
whether it'll work now that it's being
translated into polish as well I'm a
psalm piker don't get to follow me on
instagram it's on D piker and on Twitter
at us on the hunt and this has been the
breakdown
you
