Donald Trump does not believe the
official death toll of Puerto Ricans
following Hurricane Maria and we know
that because of an asinine tweet that he
put out there just today he says 3,000
people did not die in the two hurricanes
that hit Puerto Rico when I left the
island after the storm had hit they had
anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths as time
went by it did not go up by much
how do you know how do you know you
haven't been concerned about it not
aware anyway then a long time later they
started to report really large numbers
like 3,000 okay so as we have reported
here at the Young Turks George
Washington University went in and did
the research and the analysis necessary
to find more accurate numbers because
more than 64 people had obviously died
in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria and
they found that 2975 people had died and
they had died for a number of reasons
the investigation looked at the total
number of deaths from September 2017
through February 2018 and compared it
with typical death rates adjusting for
many variables including the hundreds of
thousands of Puerto Ricans who evacuated
a territory after the storm struck on
September 20th so why did so many people
die in the aftermath well it was because
of a number of reasons including the
widespread and lengthy power outages a
lack of access to adequate health care
water insecurity and then diseases
related to the crisis so there were a
number of problems many of which FEMA
did admit to at when they did an after
you know after they released a report
about their failures and some of the
issues involving their relief efforts
but Trump is in you know Long Island
thinking that everything that he did was
absolutely perfect and only what does he
really think that only six to 18 people
died yes so look when he says when he
first went to the island they were
saying that a lower number of people
died that's true and for a long time
they were saying that 64 people had died
in the storm that's also true that for a
long time they were saying that so
what was the difference it's the report
that Ana explained to you guys so if
you're president and you're responsible
for all people in this country yes
including Puerto Rico well you would
care to get it right and understand why
they increase the number and why those
people died in the first place because
when you look into that the answer is
even more tragic than if they had died
on the day of the storm so a lot of
those deaths were preventable
electricity goes out and then they don't
have the adequate health care to and and
they die because a lot of folks need
electricity for their healthcare the in
the hospitals etc more importantly in
isolated homes where they're taking care
of themselves setters so many of that
know of those deaths were preventable it
wasn't like well I mean there's a big
storm Paul Ryan today saying like I mean
it's a big storm what can you do man
it's a darlin we're eating it's real
Ryan in just a second yeah but sorry to
jump in I just I can't help but do it
like Trump has this way and I don't
think a lot of people realize it where
he will both deny while simultaneously
making excuses so which one is it so
he'll deny that they did a horrible job
in Puerto Rico no we did a great job
everything was wonderful in Puerto Rico
a plus our efforts in Puerto Rico were
even better than our efforts in Texas in
Florida okay he'll say that but in the
same statement he'll also say things
about how Oh Puerto Rico's power grid
was really bad and you know it's an
island and it's surrounded by big water
okay so if you did such a great job why
are you now listing all of your excuses
for why you did a horrible job yeah well
and then the second tweet that he sent
this morning goes to that and he has no
sense right any normal president would
even if they were gonna say hey listen
3,000 people died later I'm a little
skeptical they would frame it in a an
enormous leap point way respectful of
the people who did die it said of course
not gonna do any of that but then he
goes into delusional paranoia he
continues in the in that series of
tweets by saying this was done by the
Democrats in order to make me look as
bad as possible when I was successfully
raising
millions of dollars to help rebuild
Puerto Rico if a person died for any
reason like old age just add them onto
the list bad politics I love Puerto Rico
she's so pathetic he's so pathetic by
you don't need any help making yourself
look bad
trust me Democrats don't have to you
know lift a finger to make you look bad
but I mean it must it must be a
wonderful existence to be that
delusional about who you are as a person
and to think that you're that fantastic
while you're a complete and utter
failure not just now as president but
throughout your entire life yeah well
you know it's of course the deep
insecurity here at night he doesn't
think that he wakes up in a cold sweat
II panic about what a failure and loser
he is every single day
that's the one solace I take and and
that's why he'll do those crazy tweets
either in the early in the morning or in
the middle of the night and but nothing
is ever his fault even look remember the
famous saying about the White House the
buck stops here Harry Truman said that
drop is the exact opposite buck stops
over there over there the Puerto Ricans
they were lazy he said he talked about
how they didn't prepare enough you
didn't prepare enough lazy you never
prepared for anything
there's been a thousand stories about
how you won't even read one page to
prepare for incredibly important
meetings you have no idea what's going
on the nerve of this guy to insinuate
than anybody else is lazy but he's got
to blame other people who did it who
messed it up it was the Democrats the
Democrats are trying to blame me the
people actually died or did they not
there everyone acknowledges yes they
died the report says it's because they
were not getting to care after the storm
if it were not for the storm they would
not have died everyone else on the
planet agrees to that including FEMA and
and B why because they're actually being
rational and saying hey I want to make
sure I get it right so when the storm
hits North Carolina and South Carolina
today that I don't make the same
mistakes that's because they care and
look that's under the Trump
administration but they're doing a good
job but they're Trump at the top is like
no who's the Democrats it was the Puerto
Ricans I don't know just do homework Oh
works annoying I don't have to prepare
for anything I give myself an A plus no
he's been preparing for everything his
whole life just like he did with North
Korea another issue that he bungled okay
so uh Trump is so ridiculous
with his handling of Puerto Rico and his
response to criticism of how he handled
it that even some Republicans are
pushing back against him now Republicans
are afraid of Donald Trump so they're
doing so in the weakest way imaginable
and I want to give you one example
here's Paul Ryan talking about the
Puerto Rican death toll he says only 6
to 18 people die you've been to Puerto
Rico in the aftermath of that storm
what do you think casualties don't make
a person look bad that's not so I have
no reason to dispute these numbers I was
in Puerto Rico after the hurricane it
was devastated this was a horrible storm
I toured the entire island and it was
it's a it's an isolated island that lost
its infrastructure honors power for a
long time you couldn't get two people
for a long time on the island because
roads were washed out power was gone and
and the casualties mounted for a long
time so I have no reason to dispute
those numbers those are just the facts
of what happens when a horrible
hurricane hits an isolated place like an
island ok no
the death toll does make someone look
bad because it could have been easily
avoided kind of like how it was avoided
in Florida and in Texas it was because
there was much more attention paid to
those states as opposed to Puerto Rico
look like this excuse that it's an
island it is also pathetic yeah what we
don't have ships we can't reach an
island we don't have planes we spend an
insane amount of money on our military
so we can have the best the most updated
you know capabilities our ships or you
know our Air Force has the best jets and
the best plays the best everything so we
where's that money going we can't use
some of that money to help with relief
efforts for u.s. citizens and by the way
Rick Scott is another Republican
politician who's running for Senate in
the state of Florida he's another one
who kind of pushed back against Trump
but did so in an insanely weak way he
says I disagree with POTUS an
independent study said thousands were
lost and governor Rosello agreed will
to result in just a minute I've been to
Puerto Rico seven times and saw
devastation firsthand yada-yada okay
rick Scott is realizing that he needs to
distance himself from Trump because
guess where Puerto Ricans fled to to
Florida yeah so rick Scott is totally
disingenuous he's a horrible person he's
never cared about Latinos before and and
now that there's 1.2 million Puerto
Ricans voting in Florida and he is
running for Senate seat in Florida he's
a Oh
me I like you I love were targets I
think what happened to Puerto Rico is an
outrage I'm a might everybody knows how
much I care about minorities get the
hell out of here Rick Scott you bragged
about crushing minorities before with
your you know the oh we're tough guys in
Florida wouldn't do stand your ground
and then we're gonna do all that stuff
I'm gonna and if anybody gets in our way
and all this stuff now all of a sudden
oh hey the voting electorate in Florida
has shifted a little bit oh my god did
you see what happened to Puerto Rico I
care so much Oh spare me you're such a
fake phony politician too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
