following Trump's denial of the official
death toll in Puerto Rico following the
storm hurricane Maria the Governor of
Puerto Rico actually pushed back against
him which is odd because he initially
cooperated with Trump and agreed with
him on everything let's hear what he has
to say now how can we be as the United
States how can we be the standard-bearer
of democracy in the world if we don't
value democracy in our own backyard how
can we have over three million US
citizens that don't have the right to
vote that are disenfranchised today
after the storm it is evident that the
treatment that was given saying
Florida or in Texas was very different
than the treatment even in Puerto Rico
that's interesting it's very different
from what he had said previously but I
want you to jump in Jake before I
provide evidence of that yeah so if the
best-case scenario for the governor is
well look I was being nice to Trump
because I we wanted federal help at that
time and you know the guy's an orange
baby and not he didn't say any of this
by the way this is his defense if you
were going to make one for him and and
if you you know if you criticize him in
any way or ask for help too aggressively
as the mayor of San Juan did then he'll
hate you forever call you nasty and then
not give you anything what does it
turned out he didn't help much anyway so
now he's turning around my guess as to
why the government is turning around is
he probably saw a poll numbers in Puerto
Rico and they hate Donald Trump and he
said Oh me me being nice as Donald Trump
I met nitro Donald Trump didn't help us
enough well that's a little bit late
there brother
yeah well part of the problem with you
know the official death toll was that
there were politicians in Puerto Rico
that weren't pushing enough to get the
number updated the number was at 64
until fairly recently and by the way I
just if you don't know who Donald Trump
is by now then I worry about you because
it shows an insane lack of judgment
right because he shown us who he is it's
time that people actually believe who he
is so with that said here's how he
treated Donald Trump and his efforts in
Puerto Rico previously
I'm gonna go to video 4 so I'm skipping
ahead but this is from October of 2017
here is governor Ricardo Rosella
I give ourselves a 10 we have provided
so much so fast we were actually there
before the storm hit I would give a ten
I think we did a fantastic job and we've
been giving credit we have done a really
great job but I think our response was
better than anyone has ever seen did the
United States did our government when we
came in did we do a great job military
first responders FEMA did we do a great
job you responded immediately sir and
you did some you know Tom and Brock they
have been on the phone with me
essentially every every day that's so
embarrassed yes so many ways but there's
more I want to go to the next video just
to show you how Trump will use your
statements against you he's not even
from my party and he started right at
the beginning appreciating what what we
did and he was tremendously supportive
and to governor I just want to tell you
that right from the beginning this
governor did not play politics he didn't
play it at all he was saying it like it
was and he was giving us the highest
grades I also want to thank your
congresswoman so congresswoman Jennifer
Gonzalez cologne who I've watched the
other day and she was saying such nice
things about all of the people that have
worked so hard
Jennifer do you think you could say a
little bit what you said about us today
and it's not about me about you okay he
thinks by the way as we stated earlier
in the show that the Democrats somehow
invented the number of people killed to
blame him yeah they actually died it's
the mayor of said why aren't you saying
hey it's not about you can you just
respect the dead for one second if you
notice in the first video he's like when
our government the United States came in
Puerto Rico's part of the United States
but okay let's assume he meant the
federal government and move on
everybody's giving us a ten in the
second video he was
good from the beginning he give us the
highest grades it's not about you there
was a hurricane all these people died
and more were dying as you were bragging
about your score of 10 because you
weren't getting them the help that they
needed and that's why so many people
died but he's such a narcissist he can't
think of anything but himself look the
reason why this is such a big deal is
not only were lives lost that didn't
need to be lost but it shows you you
know his lack of taking responsibility
and also like learning from past
mistakes and readjusting moving forward
and it's particularly important to learn
lessons from past failures when it comes
to hurricane relief when you have deadly
hurricanes happening on a yearly basis
because of extreme weather conditions I
know that he's in denial about climate
change I know that there's a whole
political party in this country who
keeps pretending that they don't believe
in climate change but it's happening and
it's certainly contributing to severe
weather conditions
it's exacerbating hurricane seasons and
we need to learn from that we need to do
something to not only mitigate that but
make sure that we're ready when these
types of hurricanes strike and if you
have a president who thinks that he's
fantastic at everything he does and
refuses to take responsibility for his
failures how is he gonna act moving
forward so finally why did Rosello turn
around and now tweek Donald Trump I
don't Lee there was criticism with
significant you wanna see significant
criticism let's go to graphic 21 here's
San Juan Mayor Carmen Cruz simply put
responding Donald Trump's tweets that we
read earlier in the program delusional
paranoid and unhinged from any sense of
reality Trump is so vain he thinks is
about him no it is not and she went on
to say your lack of respect is appalling
so when you saw the governor earlier
Matt was it's not a very strong response
but the fact that he's even criticizing
Trump at all why 80% of Puerto Ricans
polled said that they were disappointed
in how Trump handled the hurricane I
don't know who the other 20% are but but
if you're trying to win reelection in
Port
Rico you might not want to go against
80% of the people there two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
