does this photo hold the key of whatever
happened to legendary aviator Amelia
Earhart well some experts say that yes
it absolutely does so first let's take a
look at this photo we're gonna zoom in
I'm gonna break down the details of what
people are talking about but what you
should know is that it's from the
National Archives and that photo was
taken in the Marshall Islands a little
bit more about this photo a newly
discovered photograph suggests legendary
aviator Amelia Earhart who vanished 80
years ago on around-the-world flight
survived a crash landing in the Marshall
Islands independent analysts told
history the photo appears legitimate and
undoctored Shawn Henry former executive
assistant director for the FBI and an
NBC News analyst has studied the photo
and feels confident it shows the famed
pilot and her navigator Fred Noonan
so the last that we heard from Amelia
Earhart was July 2nd 1937 and then after
two years of her plane missing they
never recovered at the u.s. concluded
that she had crashed somewhere in the
Pacific Ocean although the remains were
never found
less kinney a retired government
investigator who has spent 15 years
looking for ernhardt clue Earhart clues
said the photo clearly indicates that
Earhart was captured by the Japanese now
let's go to a zoomed in photo of the
photo I showed you earlier so there we
go so that that shows the circles Noonan
her navigator and Earhart herself and
what they want to point out for you guys
is that the person circled as Earhart is
wearing pants which is something that
was a little atypical of the time the
Earhart was known for and most most
particularly is Noonan they feel as a
very strongly resemble him because of
the receding hairline that was very
sharp and his nose is very prominent now
this is sort of a blink and you would
miss it sort of thing if you really have
to zoom in to see that me but they say
that the evidence is very clear for
decades
locals have claimed they saw Earhart's
plane crash before she and Noonan were
taken away native schoolkids insisted
they saw Earhart in captivity this comes
to their conclusion which is we believe
that the Koshu took her to Saipan in the
Mariana Islands and that she died there
under the custody of the Japanese that
was said by Jerry Tarkanian the
executive producer of a history special
that is coming about about the mystery
of Amelia Earhart
sure
I know skin up my butt it was I saying
ernhardt for the first half of just once
okay
thought I said I was like that's not not
as a different different sort of that
photo is obviously not Amelia Earnhardt
it's not Amelia Earnhardt but it could
be Amelia Earhart what do you guys think
about this do you think there's any
weight to it they got a lot of people to
weigh in a lot of people think that this
is the truth
so here the parts that I find
interesting and and not so first of all
what's not convincing is the picture of
your heart really you can tell for sure
that's her that is that is Earhart back
if I ever saw it chance let me add I've
never seen Earhart's back she has a
short haircut and then also know most of
the people in that photo that there's
that there is a boat in the background
yeah that's what I was gonna get to yeah
so the picture of her back is not very
convincing I get at the Noonan's hair
line that it might look like Noonan no
the point that's actually convincing is
that there's a picture of a something
that is being it's towing a barge this
Japanese ship coaches Tonya bars or
something that appears to be 38 feet
long which is the same length as your
hearts plane or Earhart's plane so okay
if that's our plane in the background
that's a lot more convincing that I
could hear a simulator right okay so now
what why do I care about this
International sure I know why you care
grace murder with friends yeah aviation
disasters with friends histories with
friends right in the next episode of
murder with friends with grace yeah so
yeah but the the thing that I found
interesting is that that apparently that
we had a spy there and he was saying
pictures but so we might have known that
her heart was actually taken by the
Japanese but we didn't want to
compromise a spy so anyway I guess that
was a sad day for Earhart here's what I
do with captives as I let them just sit
on the pier just by themselves on the
other hand were they gonna go it's the
Marshall Islands no you haven't
they're handcuffed
I would have them handcuffed I wouldn't
have them just standing around as I'm
just looking the literally everyone
everyone in all of the picture is
looking an opposite direction except at
their prisoners you know that's a little
strange to me maybe their disorder maybe
they like thank you so much for the for
the meal and pulling me out of the
wreckage why would you have a captive
like Amelia Earhart and not try to
ransom them at any point
yeah not try to do some exchange for
your prisoners I hate to rain on the
parade but I find it's strange that this
is all coming out as a news story around
the time that I don't know if you knew
this but the history special the Amelia
Earhart the lost evidence is gonna air
this Sunday on the History Channel
yes that's what's in the show that's why
they're publicizing I'm just saying that
this sounds a lot like the island of the
megashark where you never see the
biggest shark but afterwards you watch
it and go oh you know what if I'm at a
cocktail party and we're talking about
missing people throughout the ages I'm
gonna bring up that Amelia Earhart photo
and then other people will say oh I
heard that discussion too and you'll
both say like what we're both Young
Turks subscribers amazing let's have a
great time and drink some tea together
also Japanese authorities did tell NBC
News they have no record of Earhart
being in their custody which at this
point why would they lie yeah they're
buds now yeah by the way and it could
have been them in the picture but it
wasn't the Japanese who kidnapped them
and held them it could have been some
other story right hey maybe they were
perfectly fine there and they were not
captured can I tell but they got
captured later by pirates who knows
someone very familiar with the various
lengths of women's hair I would like to
say that wall it might have been short
hair in that photo it could have been
just a real flat bun you know what I
mean her hair her hair was more
naturally voluminous my favorite part of
this story is the hairline is the most
distinctive characteristic said can
Gibson a facial recognition expert how
do you become a facial recognition
expert so you're a person who looks and
like how do you is the test for that
like who's this and you just have to be
like Hilary Swank
Tom Cruise who's that that's Tom Cruise
in 1986 how do you know the nose yeah
after my advanced analysis of the photo
I've determined that's his face because
it's his face yeah and the ones you
can't tell well it can't be proven wrong
yeah sure
so no look one last thing that I liked
about the story is them all the people
and that's why I believe that it
probably is them but I just don't know
what happened to them after that picture
is that all the locals were like yeah
you guys keep saying Amelia Earhart was
missing she wasn't missing she was right
here would you know Marshall Islands and
they local school kids why would the
school kids be him like she was right
here we all saw her with our own eyes I
don't know people used to tell me that
like if they went into the bathroom and
shut the light off they would see Bloody
Mary you know like there was like a in
Kent and they'd say oh I saw her yeah
you didn't see that we see that remember
the video of the Leprechaun in the tree
where a bunch of people ate there's a
leprechaun in the tree and there's no
leprechaun in the tree they were just
saying it because the news people were
asking them all I'm saying is Amelia
Earhart did not I don't think she
disappeared in the Marshall Islands but
I know where she went and you're gonna
have to watch my special in the History
Channel look Mike this is like why are
all these random people the Marshall
Islands like we figured out who Amelia
Earhart is and let's pretend that she
was here you know what I'm saying like
if it's if it's New York or New York
adjacent and that was a big story back
then you want to pretend that you found
her with Bigfoot in the New Jersey woods
okay right but in the Marshall Islands
who's like right hey guys I got an idea
let's make up that Earhart was here
I'm princess Anastasia you know all
those people would come over like I am
the lost princess Bartok is I if they
did come up with that idea
it is a hilarious idea that's right
Papua New Guinea right now is thinking
why did we figure here's a fun fact my
brother was actually a teacher in the
Marshall Islands
oh that's it like their it he ate a lot
of coconut did he ever see Amelia
Earhart a couple times she just kind of
lives there and she's like boom
what service okay super super last thing
uh it's like the the JFK murder right so
people are like well if it was a
conspiracy people would say something
except they do all the time the time
yeah they're like there's all these
witnesses we're like no no you don't
understand I saw the guy in the grass
you know shoot him right like well no
somebody would say something yeah he
just did yeah and then there was Jack
Ruby who killed Lee Harvey Oswald
they're like well if it was a good sir
she would've said some but yeah in
prison he was like it was a conspiracy
and then I didn't know I was gonna spend
the rest of my life in jail I'm gonna
give evidence like yeah somebody would
say something like it goes on and on
they're like does the people who said we
did it we did it help us build
independent media become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm /join
