KTLA reporter Wendy birch was reporting
from an Ironman competition in Hermosa
Beach Los Angeles on the 4th of July
when the following occurred I am gonna
toss through a video but I should warn
you it gets a little liquidy from the
mouth so if you don't like seeing that
then you know look away but let's toss
the video was trying to finish your
six-pack looks like you've been training
for this for some time I've been doing
it for about 25 years
it's a locker room celebration ladies
and gentlemen time to bring her out okay
so uh so birch actually wrote on a blog
post afterwards explaining a little bit
about what happened that event cuz you
can see that the video sort of freezes
she said quote she explained that a
coincidental technical glitch made the
video freeze right at the moment the
vomit hit hence why the cameras cut back
to the studio what we didn't see however
was that birch assumed she was still
lives she carried on interviewing people
for a further two minutes to all of you
aspiring journalists out there I'm here
to tell you dreams really do come true
especially in the age of viral videos
because she is now one badass reporter
that is going viral for just the
commitment and just rolling with the
punches or the Ralph's or whatever the
lunches the lunches rolling with the
lunches that would have been great for
that rolling with the lunches breaking
spears is good though I'm bringing
Spears
here's what I got from the story so this
stuff happens in a live shot from time
to time and of course is the fake one
fake reaction at this back in the studio
like oh hey we gotta get around there
you know we would have been like oh my
god somebody just spewed on her that's
amazing go back to her bite Wendy
somebody just threw up on you what is
going on what are your thoughts hey
that's fun that's interesting keep it
real right
you can watch the extended lie earth raw
feed of what they kept filming cuz it
happens again she gets she's
interviewing the big guy and he someone
throws up on his shoulder he just keeps
going she just keeps going
she turns over to it another person who
a girl who a small girl who has just
finished a six pack and as that's
happening another spray comes over to
her the upside for those who don't know
about the Ironman is at this point
during the interview people are chugging
a six-pack of beer which is itself
somewhat irresponsible you should pace
yourself for everyone out there but at
that point as
was in a fraternity it's just beer
what's coming out of them I've seen it
I've done it it's just beer so that's
better than like a chunky lunch
situation coming out to be fair it's
just like a phone Santa Claus topless
Santa Claus over there just doesn't care
he just it hits him he just keeps moving
you know why he's a fireman he's an Iron
Man yeah so no the the reason I like
this story it's fun and all that is that
I think she's somewhat serious when she
says like no no keep doing the right
things eh you too can become a star but
like into in today's day and age you
become a star with someone vomits on you
like and now yes I'm viral well do me
fear she became she she went viral
because the story when you when we found
out what happened is that much more
entrer giuse I don't think it would have
gotten that much traction if it was like
reporter gets thrown up on like that's
sort of a blooper reel but the fact that
she kept going for two more minutes and
held her composure and just sort of
rolled with it I think that is why she
went viral because that's but that's
actually what's wrong with local news
though you shouldn't keep your composure
you should be a regular human being hey
you know Brent and Grace back in the
studio
I just got vomited on she's do you see
what I'm saying
just to react to her situation human
shit I will say she is she is the kind
of human who's been to one of those
before if you watched the full 2 minute
video she's like alright there's a lot
going on here and then she looks over
and she rolls with it
in a way that implies like she is having
just as much fun as everyone else here
she's not like thee well to our next
serious report from the girl with the
six-pack who just drank it upside down
she's like oh okay we're gonna go to
this person over here who and mean
essentially didn't throw up on me well
you guys clean that up and she has a
good time she's having she's ever known
in a local fuck
Channel Five's not the prob Channel five
I've grown up in lausanne just they're
like the fun hip ones who are like yeah
we're having a good time
yeah and no no I'm not hating on order
at all I feel bad for her but I'm just
commenting that that in this day and age
yes anything to go viral and and if you
have for right reasons who the wrong
reasons doesn't matter you made it if
you liked this video you probably like
independent media the best way to
support independent media become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm slash join
