part of what we're doing here is sharing
with you guys and a lot of you've
written some wonderful stuff in here and
I want to highlight it and today is
Rachel and she has an excellent email
that she sent in to us so she wrote in I
started watching the characters in 2010
when I was 13 years old
I'm Canadian so a lot of my knowledge of
the USA came from TYT
over the years I've relied on TYT for
honest news as I became an aware
teenager and then a voting citizen and
now an adult not once in the past eight
years have I ever doubted TYT I've
admired your integrity to admit when
you're wrong
but overwhelming the report the news in
a way that is honest but also relatable
that didn't make me feel dumb for being
young with opinions I don't know how to
send this message but particularly I
wanted to send a thank you to Anna
growing up with a TYT growing up with
TYT seeing a strong woman arguing or
opinions without buckling to anyone
around her was incredibly powerful I
would thank Anna for my unwillingness to
buckle when a conservative bro tries to
talk me down in a poli-sci class I
finally became a TYT member today I want
to thank her and you know she watched
for eight years he remains a loyal fan
and she's enjoying now all the shows of
course but that was a powerful message
yeah it was Thank You Rachel that meant
a lot to me and look you know who was a
young person with opinions at TYT me
when I started I was like I think
nineteen about to turn 20 when I started
TYT and I had strong opinions really
early on and I never felt stupid for
having opinions here so I was oftentimes
wrong I remember one of the first
debates that we had was on whether or
not it made sense to legalize
prostitution I don't even know if you
remember that but I was anti legalizing
prostitution engage in a debate with
Jenko on that and I was wrong and it was
it was a good learning experience well
you won some debates as well throughout
this right and and obviously when I was
young I was a Republican and changed my
ways as well look that's what we're
trying to do here foster an environment
where we could all learn together
together and so Rachel the fact that you
were part of that for eight years is
fantastic that's the main reason why we
do this show and and we say one last
thing I was out for dinner the other day
and the woman was aren't running the
cash register was a TYT
if you were to she's also around 19 20
years old going to college around here
and she wanted to say mention to me
specifically to say how much he admires
Anna and I gotta tell you I am super
proud of that that you have become a
role model for strong women yeah I mean
I never expected to but it's like I
don't think the women who feel that way
realize how much they keep me going
because this job is insanely difficult
and there are moments where you're just
like I don't know if I can keep going
and just when I feel like I'm hitting
rock bottom and I can't keep going
forward
I'll get messages like that from women
specifically and thank you and and
that's not to say that I don't get the
love from our male male viewers as well
I appreciate that as well but I think
it's in the political world there's
something extra when it comes to being a
woman yeah and look at our best that's
when we support you guys you support us
back and when we got each other's back
in and and I'm proud of that and I love
that you guys are taking part in that so
thank you and so as you know we told you
the membership drive is to build a home
and progressive so let's do it together
TYT calm slice join to make that happen
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT dot-com / app
