Trump's panel to investigate the
mythical voter fraud that he thinks was
the only thing that stopped him from
winning the popular vote in last year's
election is off to a bit of a rough
start after requesting a great deal of
extremely personal in some cases private
voter information from states across the
country 44 states and the District of
Columbia have refused to provide certain
types of voter information to the
election integrity commission which I
don't think we should ever call it that
again because that's ridiculous it's a
it's a complete misnomer I mean this
organization is being set up we don't
know exactly what sorts of voter
suppression it will lead to but
considering that Kris Kobach is chairing
it and he is perhaps the foremost voter
suppression expert going around the
country and pushing both voter laws and
also immigration laws we know what the
goal of this organization is but we want
to show you because this is by the way a
vice president put out a statement
saying that this is a fake news that
people that states aren't cooperating
with us if you could bring up this
graphic from the nation it summarizes
which states are 100% not complying with
the request you're seeing up at the top
including California and Connecticut my
birthplace and we're now reside and
states that are handing over only
publicly available voter data so this is
voter data that theoretically anyone
that wants to get that information could
apply for and get that information
some states haven't yet responded
although they have given indication that
they will not be going along with it in
the end and so overall while this sort
of request for information which we're
gonna get into is scary it looks like
secretaries of state on both the
Republican the Democratic side are are
doing the right thing generally so far
Donald Trump doesn't like that of course
saying numerous states are refusing to
give information to the very
distinguished voter fraud panel what are
they trying to hide okay so he's
frustrated well there's a little answer
that question people's private
information from your grubby little
hands yes and so we don't know what
you're gonna do with it when you put a
guy in charge of the Commission who is
as John pointed out literally known as
the number one vote suppressor in the
country so Kris Kobach is a very
well known for not just in his home
state but in other states as well
pushing voter suppression laws and maybe
1070 in Arizona the big like papers
please loft that's the Kris Kobach piece
yeah and so when he says I'd like to
have all the voter data and be able to
connect it to their Social Security and
all other things that I want yes people
are aware E and Mike Pence of course now
anytime anybody disagrees with them with
their fakeness right yeah this states
that refused to comply at all with this
include Tennessee and Mississippi let
alone South Dakota and others the
governor of Mississippi told them to
jump into the Gulf of Mexico well yeah
that's not fake that's real and they're
they're not interested and by the way if
you believe in states rights this is a
disaster please stop saying your
favorite states rights Republicans you
aren't whenever they pass laws on
marijuana or euthanasia or they don't
cooperate with your you know your
gestapo-like
tactics on collecting everybody's
private information I'm sorry I should
say East German if that makes you feel
better okay so when they don't cooperate
with you on this stuff it's it's not
fake it's real and there's a very very
good reason for it yeah yeah and as you
pointed out I mean it's Republicans and
Democrats and look if you're a
conservative and you're watching this
what would you have thought if Barack
Obama had requested this sort of
information or what would you think if
you heard that
Erewhon and Turkey was asking for all
this information from all the different
regions of Turkey you know or if Duterte
was asking for this information I mean
you would be scared and I think that you
should be but let's let's break down
what this information is we're talking
about full names addresses dates of
birth political parties the last four
digits of their social security numbers
which you're not supposed to get that
information a list of the vote of the
elections they voted in since 2006 any
felony convictions information on
whether they were registered to vote in
other states their military status and
whether they had lived overseas I mean
that's that's a ton of information that
can be used to sort of micro target
people in the next election you
theoretically know not only which
parties they've typically supported but
which elections they were involved in
which they sat out on what could that be
that that's not a voter fraud thing okay
to find out that information it is a
voter suppression thing to have and then
use that information that's what's going
on here
yeah so to complete the other thought
this is if you're in favor of states
rights of course you're gonna be like
the state of Mississippi and say go
jumping in a lake or in the Gulf because
we're not going to give you this state
information so the federal government
can collect it all and in some place so
stop pretending on that issue now how
could they possibly use this well
there's a couple of obvious ways that
they could use it what they could just
use it for political purposes you think
those guys won't then pass it on all
that information that they find valuable
to their own political parties
definitely come on like Mike Pence and
Kris Kobach have too much principles to
do that and Donald Trump administration
would never come on who in their right
mind I believe that now that anyone with
that regardless them yeah we'll get our
democratic source would you give it to
Hillary Clinton if you're a Republican
no way no way neither would I so so that
could be just to get out their own vote
to reach voters better the second part
of that is that it could be to block
other voters that's the voter
suppression we're talking about oh I
have all these felony convictions now
the different states have different
reasons or different standards for when
felons can vote so some say they can
vote right away some say they can never
vote and there's a great variety but if
you have all the felony convictions what
you could do is you can tell your
Republican hatchet men throughout the
different states here's a list of the
people we're not gonna allow to vote and
yeah some of them are allowed to vote
but who cares by the time they judicata
that that like she will already be over
that's true and then let alone what they
why they want to know who's been
overseas what the hell does that have to
do with voting that happen in 2016 if
this panel is about whether there was
voter fraud in 2016 I only knows yeah so
he'll know that I'm gonna this part now
the third parts too conspiratorial I
will grant you that
and very speculative okay and you don't
need it so the other parts are why you
absolutely should not go along with this
Republican or Democrat but he
a guy that some of our intelligence
agencies believe is working with the
Russians so we're gonna give over all of
the most sensitive data we have on
voters in a centralized place and by the
way the first thing they found out when
they began this process is one of the
places that they were sending people was
unsecure they were sending the data to
an unsecured place so oops look at that
the Russians got everybody's data
it was unsecured because of this
commission Oh golly gee I don't know you
don't need to believe that to say no on
this but it's also convenient even
without that I mean look I think that
there are theoretically some other
things that are scarier you know what
they're trying to do with with health
with health care the tax plan possibly
some of the environmental moves are
theoretically bigger scarier issues but
they're also getting covered quite a lot
whereas this I feel like is is sort of
just sliding by without a lot of people
really paying attention to it and
theoretically this is like money and
politics and the issue that affects all
other issues if they can make the next
election a sure thing they will do it
and if they're able to do it this is
theoretically how they would do it
gathering is sort of information and
using it in ways that I can't even
imagine right now and so I think people
should be much more scared about what
this panel could ultimately lead to in
our country I don't think that people
are there yet and and by the way guys
last thing for me you you do voter fraud
investigation if you lost the election
you don't do it if you won the election
I mean what a bizarre thing to stir up
that hornet's nest if you're Donald
Trump you already won move on move on
and it's not a matter of donald trump
just being that stupid that he's just
going in maybe in the original tweets
where he's like oh yeah i would have
water all these millions of fake Bojo
right that's donald trump I get it but
to put together a commission and to try
to get all this information that isn't
just my ego was bruised
that's I'd like that information having
nothing to do with the 2016 elections
since I won and you can't redo that
anyway this sounds less like it's about
Donald Trump's ego for once and more
like it's about Steve bannon's electoral
strategy if you like this clip of The
Young Turks you know there's a whole
live two-hour show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
every day
you could download it or stream in and
watch it without ads if you become a
member
TYT Network comm /join
