this is a story about Republican tax
hikes and it has a significant twist at
the end a twist that I didn't see coming
first let's share with you guys the
standard stuff so lately the Trump
cabinet otherwise known as the swamp has
been saying that they are going to
reduce taxes massively for the richest
people in the country and most
importantly for corporations so that
part is not surprising but I'll give you
the depths of it which might be
surprising to some of you Gary Cohen who
is their top economic advisor for Donald
Trump and Steve minuchin who is his
Treasury Secretary aren't bluffing Axios
explains when they say they want to
slash the corporate tax rate to fifteen
percent from the current thirty five
percent
neither man has any interest in timid
tax cuts and they wager that special
interests will relinquish their
loopholes if they become convinced that
their tax rate will really be in the
teens yeah I suspect that would be true
of some but not all and then some folks
are never gonna like the corn subsidy
the oil subsidies all their different
monopolistic subsidies that they have
gotten from the government but yeah a
twenty point drop which is of course in
reality taking away more than 50% of the
taxes that come from corporations of
course corporations will sign on to that
this is republicanism 101 okay
give everything to the powerful who are
your donors so the details are funny
though they're becoming far less wedded
to revenue neutrality the idea favored
by houses Senate Republican leadership
the tax cuts mustn't add to the deficit
I love that what did I tell you I've
told you this a thousand times in fact
the reason I know it is because of a
memo that was uncovered from the Nixon
era the Republicans battle plan and they
do it every time is when the Republicans
are in office say the deficits don't
matter
remember Dick Cheney literally said that
and and run up deficits like crazy and
as soon as you guys are out of office
and Democrats in office go oh my god oh
the deficits what have you done what the
deficits whatever you do don't do
anything that would spur the economy so
under Republicans you spend more and you
cut
taxes well that gives everything they
want to the to their to their donor
class plus it could improve their
economy because you're spending more and
then you make the Democrats spend less
and the economy does worse on their good
in which by the way doesn't turn out to
be true anyway cuz they're tucked tax
cuts hurt the economy but that's the
battle plan and here they are executing
their into office and immediately there
like deficits we read to be
revenue-neutral do we cousin damn about
deficits Goldman Sachs got to make some
money son okay
Cohn who conveniently was the president
of Goldman Sachs before he took the job
as top economic adviser to Trump has
told associates that if tax reform
doesn't get done this year it's probably
never going to happen so they're in a
little bit of panic
look this Trump guy is unstable god
knows how long he's gonna stay in office
we've got elections coming up in 2018
which we might get thrown out on our ass
for the giant tax cuts we put into the
health care plan so we got to get this
done right now it's our top priority tax
cuts for the rich again there's a twist
coming hold for it now one more sources
who know Cohn speculate that he'll leave
the White House the instant he concludes
tax reform is dead that's amazing what
an amazing admission here's the former
president of Goldman Sachs Hughes just a
president comes over to Trump's cabinet
his only goal is cut to corporate taxes
which would apply to among other folks
Goldman Sachs and he says he's so brazen
about this I think that's my only job
here is to get a giant sweetheart deal
for my company and if that's not gonna
happen wasting my time you're what
serving the American people hahaha no I
came here to serve goldman sachs and if
that doesn't happen I leave instantly
Amazings so now even more amazing is the
twist get a lot of this Steve Bannon has
told colleagues he wants the top income
tax bracket to have a four in front of
it the top bracket is currently thirty
nine point six percent for Americans who
earn more than four hundred and eighteen
thousand four hundred dollars what so
Steve Bannon wants to raise taxes on the
rich
fascinating okay now understand that
it's a bit of a trick and I'll tell you
why it's a trick but it is an awfully
clever one and they won't do it because
that's not how Republicans work but it
is a smart move by manon credit where
credit is due the reason that it's a
trick is that it actually won't affect
that many people when they lower taxes
on corporations that's the biggest
goodie that their donors want so they're
gonna be very happy about that and then
they've lowered taxes on almost
everything else capital gains dividend
etcetera especially pass-through income
for example Donald Trump doesn't pay any
regular income taxes he only does the
pass-through stuff so if you lower taxes
on pass-through this is not going to
affect the whole Trump at all or a lot
of his rich friends and allies so it has
great optics like look at us you see
that lured out for the rich we're
raising taxes on the rich by 10 percent
to nearly 50% that would be amazing
optics for the Republican Party
something they've never done right and
at the same time it actually doesn't hit
your donors that much damn that's well
played but luckily the rest of the
Republicans are coming in going french
pockets their top representative of
course is Grover Norquist whose whole
job is to protect the rich so here he is
on CNN doing that this he's not going
anywhere it's a distraction and it's an
unfortunate distraction because it's a
cruel joke on middle-income people to
think that killing their jobs helps them
ah usual stuff oh no no you got to give
everything to the rich if you don't
that's gonna hurt me the middle-class
it's gonna be very cruel to middle class
because you see in supply-side economics
what we do is we give all the money to
the rich that's the redistribution of
wealth that we always warn you about
just kidding we do it there in Reverse
we give all the money to the rich and
then afterwards it might trickle down on
you okay it might we'll see how that
turns out actually turns out he doesn't
for example George Bush did two point
one trillion dollars in tax cuts that's
foregone revenue under george w bush and
had that worked out oh yeah in eight
years he only created a little bit over
1 million jobs whereas Barack Obama who
raise taxes created 15 million jobs so
that myth about give everything the rich
give as many tax cuts as you could
possibly give to them and then at the
end that will create jobs it's just not
true it's not backed up by any of the
facts but it doesn't matter nor Chris's
army and Cohen and minuchin and all the
rest of the swamp are telling Bannon
don't you dare not for long rich friends
not a penny
so Bannon will likely lose this fight
although it is a crafty move on his part
TYT membership gets your commercial-free
young turks
downloaded streaming podcasts that get
all the network shows and support
independent media TYT Network comm slash
join
