ok it's 4th of July I'm gonna do a
pretty patriotic video here which will
of course piss some of you off so first
let me do the caveats I'm not one of
those jingoistic guys who says oh when
in fact I know that we are number 37 in
health care I'm not saying that oh no it
turns out South Korean Finland are doing
it better Norway's doing prisons better
Switzerland's doing health care better
and the list goes on and on
Japan's doing health care better much
better as well so that's not what I'm
talking about and if you say hey but
Jake you know you're you see America's
number one but do you know all those
whose they did yeah I know I know we did
coos of democratically elected leaders
we did a lot of terrible things in
foreign policy you don't have to tell me
about Christopher Columbus I know I know
and by the way Christopher Columbus was
not an American because no America
exists at a time so bring it down bring
it down I hear you I know all the bad
news but what I think that some people
lose sight of sometimes is the good news
and why America is great so there are
some wonderful things we did in the
world the Marshall Plan where we rebuilt
our worst enemies into our top allies
and the number two and number three
economy in the world that is such a
magnanimous acted as unbelievable
setting up the United Nations setting up
the idea of human rights in yes
spreading democracy throughout the world
as well as all the other things we did
that were anti-democratic so tell both
sides of the story but that's again not
the core of the message today so I just
came back from a vacation in Europe and
I was in Italy and we had taxi driver
that drove us from a town I don't
remember to Destin Sano where we were
saying and it was around Lake Garda area
of Italy and the taxi driver I asked
them where's your home because I didn't
know where he was from which of those
towns around Lake Garda and he said my
home Santa Monica I was like oh my god
is there a Santa Monica and Italy he's
like don't know the one in California
I'm like you're from Santa Monica okay
we're right next to there we do our show
out of LA he's like no no I've never
been to Santa Monica but my home is
Santa Monica it turns out he loves sir
he loves American TV shows movies etc
and he believes with all his heart that
he belongs in Santa Monica we had a long
conversation about that and it's it's
hard not to love that guy and not to
love what his vision of America is so
then we were at a wedding it was one
side was Italian the other side was
Chinese
but grow up in Canada but most of the
guests were from America welcome to the
new world I love that and in that
wedding so I was something to all the
guys on the Chinese side for my wife
side and he said totally unprompted
having nothing to do he wasn't in the
cab at all is on a separate day and he
said you know I'm an American I said
really I I didn't know that he's like oh
no I've never been to America but I'm an
American I swear to you it sounds so
hokey that you're gonna have trouble
believing it but I swear to you that's
what happened it's my wife's cousin okay
and he said look I grew up on everything
that was American I grew up on
McDonald's and movies and Nikes but most
importantly he's like I believe in the
American dream I swear to god I'm not
making this up and you know me I'm hokey
to begin with I loved it and I said so
tell me more he's like look and again
some of this you're not gonna love right
he's like look I believe in building in
my own small business and he did and he
owns a bookshop in in in China now and
he grew up in Taiwan but went to China
and was a bookshop there now and he
believes in capitalism right and that's
why I say on the show that I'm a
capitalist and some of you get
frustrated but there's a great upside
Decapolis and when it works right with
yes some government regulation to make
sure there is a monopoly power make sure
the big business isn't crushing small
business isn't crushing the
entrepreneurial spirit that is part of
what made America great and that's part
of why capitalism works but it wasn't
just capitalism okay it was that he
thought I could better myself and my and
then now his daughter is actually coming
to America and he'll come to America for
the first time with her to enroll her to
school and she's going to the best
school in her field and he said that's
the American dream and that's what I've
always believed that I was going to live
so guys whether it was a
marketing gimmick in the first place or
half marketing gimmick half reel that
idea of America stuck so as the things
that we did wrong in the world stuck
that also stuck so I just saw a poll duh
yes last week where Trump is got is so
far below water but it's really the
American government so now the American
government is unpopular in Germany where
it was before it was above 50% it's like
60 points unpopular in Mexico nobody's
surprised by that right but when they
asked him about America itself the poll
numbers are 20 30 sometimes 40 points
higher so that's actually a wonderful
thing the freedom thing yes I know it is
overused and I know that a lot of times
it's just a way to get people to do
things that we want them to do and that
we don't necessarily always believe in
those ideals and practice those ideals
right but at least it exists and people
have believed it all throughout the
world so our job is not to talk people
out of that no no no no that's why I fly
the American colors and flag on the show
that's why today what you saw in this
thumbnail there is this shirt I'm
wearing the American flag on TYT because
our job all of us together is to make
that American ideal actually come to
life I know it's a grand goal but I
swear to you that we can do it that if
we actually live by our ideals the world
will actually respect us and love us and
I know what the people who believe in
the dark side and the Conservatives say
no no no there is no such thing as love
or respect there's only fear in the
world we hate them and we have to make
them fear us and they hate us because
they hate us no it's not true in a lot
of ways they love us for the idea that
we put into the world now if we just
practice idea and real and live that
idea yes in a realistic pragmatic way we
will have much better results than the
endless wars were in today so whether
it's too hokey or too patriotic or too
jingoistic that is what I believe I
believe in America I love this country
and that's why I celebrate today
