the news again the Trump administration
is talking about it the gun violence
there is terrible it's true there are
actually 13 cities in the country that
have worst gun violence but it doesn't
make the Chicago situation any better we
all recognize that there's an issue in
fact a recent report came out saying
that one of the issues is that they are
absolutely flooded by guns because of
the nearby areas that have almost no
regulation on guns so it's very very
easy to acquire guns there despite the
nonsense right wing talking point you
hear from time to time but uh well they
don't allow guns in the city of
Chicago's uh you know this is they have
tough regulation I guess regulation
doesn't work yet you could set one foot
outside of Chicago Illinois and have
almost no regulation in nearby states so
it's a preposterous point and that
report shows it so what does the Trump
administration thing is the problem well
they think well of course first law and
order we got to get tougher with these
guys sending the cops
send some federal agencies and do some
work in there okay well the problem with
that approach is that the Justice
Department already has a scathing report
out about how unconstitutionally harsh
the practices of the Chicago Police
Department are the whether it's in
unlawful detentions incredibly harsh
treatment of prisoners and and suspects
and not giving them their rights so it's
not like Chicago didn't try that they've
been trying it for a long long time and
guess what it hasn't worked so that's
not why I'm doing at this video though
all that stuff is fairly standard the
the thing that really bothered me was
was Sarah Huckabee Sanders said now
she's acting as a White House
spokesperson while Sean Spicer is in
hiding somewhere okay you're gonna
bunker with Dick Cheney or wherever John
Spicer is anyway and she said this quote
which I'm going to argue is racist
because it is and then you might
disagree and that's okay I probably
won't be able to change your mind but I
do want to give you context I want to
explain it to you at least so you
understand
okay she said I think that the problem
they are referring to Chicago is that
it's a crime problem you all that part
is true yeah that's what we're trying to
address the question is why right she
went on the saying say
I think crime is probably driven by
morality more than anything else so if
you don't know the history of this then
you might think well I mean I guess yeah
sure that's acceptable statement crime
this has to of morality if you rob
someone that's immoral right that's not
that controversial statement but the
context of that is that it's a dog
whistle it's what conservatives have
been saying about what they call urban
areas in other words black areas by
cities with larger african-american
populations and they say that it's a
cultural problem a moral problem they
say less often because it's more
repugnant to put it that way but they do
say it from time to time so and then
they'll you'll have the Bill O'Reilly
who used to say on Fox News which is a
great sentence who used to say on Fox
News
anyway he would say uh where are the
fathers where are the fathers is a
cultural problem in other words don't
worry about the guns don't worry about
that America overall has a enormous gun
violence problem way worse than other
societies in the in the same area and
ballpark as we are other developed
countries right and that is true no
matter where you are in America urban
America rural America it doesn't matter
but that's not how they frame it on the
right and here the Trump administration
is saying that it's a moral problem now
it's it's really again if you know
anything about this it's it's not that
nuanced they're not trying to hide their
racism very much so for example you ever
hear them saying the problem of Kansas
is some moral problem now there are a
number of problems in Kansas right now
they have Chuck Ron running a giant Efes
in their governments an absolute mess
Brownback destroyed it with over-the-top
tax cuts and even Republicans
acknowledge what a mess it is but nobody
and the Republican Party goes around
saying the people of Kansas have a moral
problem they don't say the people of
Texas have a moral problem
they don't say any of that stuff because
that's their voters and they wouldn't
want to you know alienate them but when
it comes to black Americans they
willy-nilly without a second thought
saying well you know what they're
promised they have a morality problem
now I don't want to get into history of
african-americans and and right-wingers
in this country but one group did have a
morality problem very very significantly
throughout the entire history of the
United States and it was not a subtle or
small morality problem and it wasn't
african-americans okay but now they turn
around and say you see that if only we
could fix the morality of the people the
kind of people who live in Chicago we
wouldn't have this issue that is deeply
abhorrent
now again if you're a trump supporter
you're never going to believe any claims
of racism or dog-whistle or you're not
gonna want to look into history or
context that's not what you do so this
probably won't convince you but it's my
job to tell you the news and for the
rest of you you know exactly what she's
saying and you know there for a fact
they wouldn't say it about their own
voters in Kansas and when you if that's
how they treat and how they think of
black Americans it is really gross
