so Donald Trump has sent another tweet
it's a national emergency so let's
discuss so he sent a tweet of a
wrestling shot it's a meme he was
actually at the WWE they had an actor
clothesline Vince McMahon pretending to
be Trump and then they do a jump cut
Trump gets up and it's and it's his face
okay so that that actually happened that
was a real live event but this meme puts
cns logo in on Vince McMahon's face so
it seems like Trump is clotheslining
body-slamming CNN the entire press is
aflutter with a discussion of this is
this threatening violence upon the price
etc now look I don't want to be specific
completely out of hand because I get it
if you're in the press it's a violent
imagery and you might get you know a
little you know frightened of it but
overall is it outrageous no it's just
wrestling it's fake I don't know if you
guys know this is fake and real
Americans kind of have fun with
wrestling and they don't think that it's
real violence and so look the reason why
the press flipping out over it is bad
news overall and counterproductive
is because it takes away your
credibility when you're talking about
real issues it seems like you'll attack
Donald Trump over anything and then you
can't possibly get a joke if your life
depended on it and and it seems like
you're obsessed with his a minor what
other people would consider minor
infractions so then you seem like the
boy who cried wolf so when you talk
about his major infractions when you
talk about how tax reform is gonna give
billions of dollars to the rich and take
it away from the middle class when you
talk about health care so-called reform
their proposal taking away at insurance
from 23 million people well then you
they believe you less so yeah I I know
what people are saying on line today
they're like well Jake on the other hand
did you know that you know well first of
all that we can do both things at the
same time we can walk and chew gum at
the same time we're gonna tag them on
health care and this tweet you can
but it takes away from the effectiveness
of your legitimate critique of
healthcare if you all flip out over a
simple wrestling video so I don't know
if it's because I was a wrestling fan
when I grew up that I don't take that
stuff seriously man he's not telling you
to actually go in clothesline CNN or
anybody who works at CNN so I just think
that it's a total mistake to get all
huffy about this and it looks elitist it
kind of is elitist I think it's a
totally wrong direction for for the
press to go and it seems like they don't
like that's why the American people look
at and go oh man
these guys again it's just a wrestling
video man that you're taking away too
seriously I said I'm turning these guys
off and it's like the severity of it
guys I wouldn't even do this video about
this stupid tweet if it wasn't for the
fact that it seems like the press is
talking about it 24/7
as if we invaded North Korea would he
just have a sense of proportion to now
the other thing is they say he got it
from some racist anti-semitic guy on
reddit
of course I'm sure he did who's he
retweeting is there a lot of rational
people who are Donald Trump sign that he
would retweet like so the guy get
paralyzed is a very wholesome name Han
asshole oh so low that's what he goes by
on reddit okay this is the pool he swims
in everybody knows this so they guys
deeply anti-semitic he has other memes
about CNN and how everybody who works
there is Jewish of course of course okay
so but did Donald Trump the child
bothered to investigate who set that
tweet I would be shocked I would be
shocked and if it turns out you say all
most of the stuff he retweets comes to
his fans and his fans are a lot of his
deep hardcore fans are deeply
problematic along with you know
tremendous racism and bigotry I'm not
remotely surprised by that let's focus
on things that matter the Trump says he
he told other Republicans he doesn't
even know that there's a tax cut inside
his own health care plan there's an
eight
hundred billion dollar tax cut for the
rich I mean either he doesn't know that
which is outrageous which is
unbelievable for a president I think
that is the answer or he knows him he
thinks yes and certainly his advisers
and the rest of the Republican Party
think yes that's our tax cut for our
donors were rebuilding the swamp
that's stuff that's important when you
flip out about the wrestling thing you
look totally out of touch and I and I
disagree just powered down man this is
what people talk about when they get
frustrated at all you guys love we're
talking about is as tweets if you're
talking about tweets that are
substantive and matter about policy
that's one thing but this is you've gone
way overboard and it doesn't help your
cause and and if anything it might
actually help Donald Trump's cause
terrible idea to just keep talking about
it I hope to god is the last thing I'll
ever say about it
