so you know what Donald Trump's done so
far he has picked people to lead
divisions that are the exact opposite of
what those divisions do so he picks
scott pruett who had sued the epa about
a dozen times intent on destroying all
the regulations as the head of the EPA
he picked rick perry to lead the
Department of Energy when Rick Perry had
said the Department of energy should be
disbanded so you know his patterns so
you know that when I tell you his new
pick for the Civil Rights Division of
the Justice Department is not going to
be in favor of civil right he's gonna be
the obviously you're not gonna be
surprised right but there's a twist to
this story so the guy is Eric dry band
and he has no experience of course in
police reform or hate crimes or
discrimination voting rights housing
education you name it he has no
experience in it civil rights experts
and leaders say that he is in fact
opposed to civil rights reforms and
legislation not remotely surprising and
so if you're Trump supporter you're
thinking yeah that's right baby
no more civil rights I got it I got it
I'm not surprised by that and I don't
think that this is gonna change your
opinion in that sense if that was all
there was to the story but it turns out
there is a reason why they picked Eric
dry bet it does he does have some civil
rights experience you know what it is
his experience defending the civil
rights of corporations he has no
experience defending the civil rights of
human beings but those poor poor
multinational corporations however could
they defend themselves if there weren't
heroes like Eric dry band to step up for
them I mean sure they get paid millions
of dollars to do that kind of work but
still they are true civil rights heroes
so he's worked for Bloomberg
cvs/pharmacy
RJ Reynolds Tobacco and all of these
corporations who had that their civil
rights protected one of the main issues
that the Civil Rights Division of the
Justice Department does is employment
discrimination he of course is on the
other side of that equation so if you
want to do employment discrimination who
do you bring in you
and a guy who was defended corporations
on very similar matters so Trump voters
the joke isn't just on liberals or
progressives it's also on you you
thought he was gonna drain the swamp you
think he was gonna stand up for the
little guy another guy that would that
has a history of defending the rights of
giant big business working with big
government to make sure that the little
guy doesn't stand a chance
that's who Donald Trump is he's the
swamp look it up man
Eric try Ben go look at his experience
and you'll know exactly what I'm talking
about Trump never meant a word of him
saying that he was for the little guy
and now there's ample evidence of it
