the Prime Minister of India is speaking
out after vigilante groups have targeted
and in some cases even murdered
individuals who either have cattle a
house or our beef eaters so there is a
small Muslim population living in India
about 14% of India's population is
Muslim and some of them eat beef and
apparently the Hindu population which is
the majority in India is not in favor of
eating beef so as a result some
fundamentalists have targeted the beef
eaters and in very violent ways most of
the attacks waged by so-called Calvillo
auntie's from Fringe Hindu groups have
targeted Muslims cows are considered
sacred by many members of India's Hindu
majority and slaughtering cows or eating
beef is illegal or restricted across
much of the country so just to give you
an idea of how barbaric these attacks
are last Friday a group of about 20 men
attacked four Muslims on a train in New
Delhi's outskirts fatally stabbing a
teenager and seriously injuring two
others the Muslim men said their
attackers accuse them of being beef
eaters after an argument over seats in
the last three months as many as five
people have been killed as a result of
this nonsense so it feels like an
upside-down world it like in our for the
people would be upset with people eating
beef in America are generally speaking
vegetarians vegans to set people who are
very calm and and not likely to
violently attack people there because
it's attached to a religion what are you
gonna get you're gonna get
fundamentalists so are the majority of
Hindus in India doing this of course not
right
but by the way Modi the Prime Minister
is from a nationalist Hindu party and
had remained fairly silent about this
issue for two years finally he did speak
out which is good and said yeah of
course you shouldn't attack people
because they believe in something
different than you do and I I make the
same point about religion which is I
have no obligation to follow your
religion you have an obligation to
follow your religion
so if you don't want to eat beef have at
it Hoss or don't have at it okay but if
other people believe different things
you are not allowed to murder them and
you know here some people in this
country want our kind of Sharia law not
murdering but you should follow my Bible
you should or my interpretation of my
Bible and so I don't want you to get
married if you guys are gay could you
didn't you don't marry another dude okay
there because that's your interpretation
but leave other people alone and here in
in India unfortunately it has deadly
consequences and the other thing is it's
funny what we choose to emphasize and
not emphasize right and for some for
understandable reasons not a lot of
Hindus attacking the u.s. so it's it's
not a like it's not our problem
literally in but if you wanted to make a
big deal out of it you go look at this
the Hindus are always attacking the
Muslims in India that's relatively true
cuz they're the majority right oh you
see by Nature Muslims are peace-loving
people who are being unfairly targeted
and by nature Hindus are violent because
they look at look if you just lived in
India look it's the Hindus always
attacking the Muslims Hindus attacking
Muslims no it's a matter of
socio-economic political a situation
where one is in the majority and others
in the minority and it's easier for the
majority to affect the minority that
says just there's only a tiny bit
sophisticated conversation instead of me
find religion hate that religion know
that also makes you a fundamentalist
something about the broad day the number
of times that we've done stories about
broad daylight attacks in India you know
I mean the the horrible sexual assaults
that happen there like on the but
they've murdered this teenager and
seriously injured two others run it and
they will they lynched the farmer right
and then they just went onto a bus a
crowded bus and they stabbed a bunch of
people they killed a teenager and the
part in India I know funny thing to say
we were very populated country right so
even though by the way fourteen percent
of India is a small percentage of India
that's about 200 million Muslims in
it's actually one of the largest Muslim
populations in the world and 86% of the
country's not Mosul that's right
but so that only in India is 200 million
people a tiny minority right okay but it
is true and so there's these crowds that
attack sometimes so 20 people attacking
at once and it feels so much scarier
when the mob comes for you and so
there's this terrifying aspect of this
again to be fair to Modi today he's like
look Gandhi would have would never have
done something like that obviously a
huge role model for Hindus and and for
you know not just politically but
religiously right and obviously a
vegetarian and said I wouldn't but his
whole thing was non-violence and so
there's obviously fundamentalist of
every stripe in every religion and the
sensible people should be working
together to try to figure out how to
curtail that fundamentalism super
obvious unless you have another agenda
and you'd like to I mean like can you
imagine if we made the grotesque
conclusion from this oh it must be the
Hindus their religion is intrinsically
violent right no of course not it
depends on the situation so let's make
the situation better
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network calm /join
