researchers at the University of
california-berkeley have looked into the
issue of opioid use and surveyed people
to find out whether or not they are more
likely to use opioids for pain
management or medicinal marijuana now of
mm bolts and options yes now of the two
thousand eight hundred ninety seven
patients recruited for the survey
sixty-three percent were using marijuana
for pain related conditions such as
fibromyalgia back pain and arthritis
about 30% or 841 patients also reported
using an opioid currently or in the past
six months now here's what they found of
those eight hundred forty-one or ninety
two percent agreed or strongly agreed
with the statement that they preferred
cannabis over opioids for their
condition before you read the rest when
they say of those eight hundred
forty-one they're talking about the ones
that take both the oit's and marijuana
ninety two percent of them said they
prefer cannabis exactly so end of ninety
three and ninety three percent agreed or
strongly agreed that they were more
likely to pick cannabis over opioids if
both were readily available now in some
states they are readily available
however in other states there are still
some pretty draconian laws against
marijuana possession and of course
selling it as well so it's an
interesting finding I mean I guess it's
interesting it's not surprising for
someone no no no I actually disagree I
am I am actually slightly surprised I
didn't know the numbers are gonna be I
the Lord would be that dramatic yeah so
it's a self-selected group so they're
obviously it has issues with the
research but a lot of them are trying to
address their pain that's why they're
taking the opioids as well as marijuana
that's why when they say no no I tried
both I gotta get rid of the pain if
marijuana works much better
overwhelmingly better by the way not
only does it work better
but there are certain side effects
related to opioids that I think people
are turned off by so one of them I
remember seeing this commercial about
people who take opioids and how they're
constipated and they need another
prescription drug to help them with
their constipation totally there was
what marijuana doesn't do it doesn't
constipate you know marijuana it turns
out is the opposite of a gateway drug
the old toys are a gateway drug to
heroin marijuana actually stops that and
in states that have legalized they
actually see oh poor opioid overdose
going down which is great news legalize
young turks now has over six billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger the CNN ABC
you name a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
slash join
