the plot thickens in the story involving
Donald Trump's attack on Mika Brzezinski
and his accusations that she had a
facelift and was bleeding as a result of
that of course people on both sides of
the aisle have criticized Trump because
of his childish tweets but now we find
out that Donald Trump allegedly
threatened to publish or have the
National Enquirer publish a scandalous
story about Mika Brzezinski and joe
scarborough's relationship and
apparently had his people call Joe and
Mika and let them know hey you know if
you apologize to the president maybe we
can do something to prevent the
publication of this ridiculous story now
uh I just were children this is a
country full of children so top White
House aides had contacted them to say
that they could prevent the National
Enquirer from publishing a negative
article about them if they called the
president apologize for criticizing him
on their show and asked for his
forgiveness
no now Trump completely denies that he
says that that is not the case in fact
it's the reverse Joe contacted him and
urged him to do something about this of
course there's one person who
consistently lies not just about this
but about everything so I'm personally
more inclined to just believe Mika and
Joe but let's hear from them here they
are responding to this whole controversy
on MSNBC the calls kept coming and kept
coming and they would like a call you
need to call please call said mojo just
pick up the phone and calling that's
blackmail and let me explain what they
were threatening I'm they were calling
my children they were calling close
friend I'm at the National Enquirer and
they were pinning the story on my
ex-husband who would absolutely never do
that so I knew immediately it was lie
and that they had nothing
and these calls persisted for quite some
time
and then Joe had the conversations that
he had with the White House where they
said oh this could go away so uh I'm
telling Jake don't don't jump in just
yet I have one more thing I want to read
to you guys before you guys comment so
Donald Trump tweeted in response to that
and said watched low-rated Morning Joe
for first time in long time doubted fake
news he called me to stop a National
Inquirer article I said no bad show
tweets and always as lately as if he's
punishing a dog which it ever had
that's real bang Bob bad show that's
your sad baby Jake the bad segment beg
tease gee I wonder who's telling the
truth I can't quite tell I think there
actually is a kind of a little bit of a
question mark as to one side of this
story there's another there's a question
mark about anything else so to me the
question mark is and I'm not sure it's
that important but maybe it is because I
don't know but we're now all of a sudden
we're talking about blackmail and legal
charges and all that stuff so it
National Enquirer is coming after me Kay
and Joe to push this story why are they
doing that they're trying to help Trump
they Trump has planted a thousand
stories in National Inquirer it has
happen throughout his career they're
clear allies gee I wonder who planted
that story about Ted Cruz sleeping with
five different women while they were
having a primary fight Oh can't quite
figure it out right anyone even believe
that story yeah really five different
women or sleeping with him but with Ted
Cruz and two slept with Dave Ricketts
the owner of the cops tell Rick it's Tom
records yeah he looks and they were just
confused about it and and so it's
obvious that Trump now had work was very
pissed and by the way apparently feels
personally betrayed by morning Joe by
Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski
because they used to be so tight now
they've kind of turned on him in this
hat well dates all the way back to March
and so in March they naturally acquire
all of a sudden starting to talk about
the
rumors of those two it you know cheated
on their spouses together and then and
then now obviously they're getting
married so we know what happened right
and and so I don't know if at that point
joe scarborough reaches out somebody at
the White House and goes come on guys
what's going on here and cut it out
that's ridiculous
or if the White House reaches out to him
and goes now Joe we could go make this
go away if you get back in line well I
don't know what you're both things could
have happened Joe could have reached out
and they could have come back and said
if you apologize we'll do it I mean oh
yeah no that part I'm sure about um so
the whole idea that they didn't ask him
to apologize to the president personally
and change what he said I I'm not having
that conversation like whoever started
it
the White House asked for that of course
never asked for it we get a little
irrelevant mm-hmm you know I mean to me
I don't think it really matters if Joe
no I think it does and I'll tell you why
because if the White House was gonna
plant a story the National Enquirer and
then goes to tell those guys we could
make it go away then it feels a little
bit more like blackmail if the acquirers
gonna do the story because they're just
attacking the people the president
doesn't like and then Joe asks hey can
you make that go away that's not black
man to me and you see what I'm saying I
to me yes your point is a but I only
think it's marginally it's a small
degree difference because the national
Enquirer's doing this story and they're
doing it as you suggest because it's
good for Trump because the the Joe and
meek had turned on him I mean they
should have turned on in the beginning
but whatever they've turned on him god
bless them now
then they know he'll reach out like it
doesn't then then they've just played
the game slightly more skillfully in the
end the moment they say if you apologize
we can make this go away
then it's hideous but it's already
hideous it became hideous when we
elected a president who is close to and
connected to David Packer the publisher
of The National Enquirer that's it oh
that's an outrage it is no different
than in being in cahoots and close to
and having a personal relationship where
you plant stories in the world weekly
news which runs stories about the
headless aliens taken over Toledo but
that's where we are been because he also
is a good relation
shows who believes that aliens have
taken over and actually ruled the world
so that's right that's where we are as a
country is that maniac who believes
those things that works with people who
believe those the David pecker and Alex
Jones I hope and I you know I never know
what's the weed that you pull that
unravels him politically that sends the
numbers so low that enough Republicans
abandon ship and you know half you know
they this is these are all some old
staff here's trust me what's it charles
grassley from iowa right he doesn't
think the president should be talking to
the National Enquirer Charles Grassley
feels about the national choir the way
we feel about that choir maybe one of
the only three things that Charles
Grassley and the three of us agree on so
so in regard to the question that you
just asked I don't know what kind of
weed they need to pull to unravel the
President and make Republicans and I'm
specifically thinking of the electorate
abandon him yeah it's not stuff like
this right and so I'm gonna be honest
with you guys this is considered a big
story right now we're talking about it
I'm sure this video will get a ton of
clicks right but it's nonsense I don't
care about their affair I don't care
about their marriage or their impending
marriage I don't get the only thing
that's important to me is the fact that
there is the potential of our president
blackmailing people for covering him in
a negative way that's the only part of
the story that I think is relevant but
all the other stuff right his electorate
or his voters don't care about they
don't care about the fact that he
insults women he's been doing it from
day one he's been transparent about it
in fact I think some of them have voted
for him as a result of the way that he
treats women in the way that he refers
to them to them I think the only thing
that would convince some of his voters
at least to abandon him is if you focus
on the actual policies and how much it
hurts them how much the replacement plan
both in the House and the Senate for the
Affordable Care Act would actually hurt
those rural Americans in the middle of
the country who ended up voting for him
how he really doesn't have a jobs plan
how he himself is a very much in favor
of outsourcing and using foreign labor
how he has actually went out and and
tried to get visas for you know h-1b
visas for foreign workers to come into
this country and work for his companies
like those are the things that I think
Democrats specifically need to focus on
if they genuinely care about defeating
him all of this nonsense it's it's
gossip its cheesy it's trashy and it's
super frustrating I couldn't have said
any of that any better that was I
couldn't agree more the only thing that
I will add to it is just to enhance the
point that the idea of the president
blackmailing I don't know if it meets
the legal term of blackmailing but that
type of blackmailing to coerce reporters
to running stories or to cease
criticizing him and then damaging them
publicly I guess that just meets the
standard of life that's just blackmail
yeah that's a that is that makes this
that's the only thing in this that makes
it worth talking about I just think
that's a big deal and part of the
pattern and his attacks on the press but
the rest of it totally we just have a
dual responsibility quickeneth curious
what Jen thinks because we have
responsibility like this is a nonsense
story so you could argue we shouldn't
cover it except there's truth in it and
so and the truth is this is a this is
what the president did this is what he
thinks is important this is the thing
that nonsensical thing that he said
about the Mika and and then we also have
that secondary responsibility that is
there do we have responsibility to cover
stories that will make a difference that
will maybe influence that 3% of Trump
voters that make up that will turn into
5 million and I think I think we have to
weigh that on a daily basis and to be
honest with you guys we do we do weigh
that on a daily basis and that's why you
know the show is heavy on policy and
look I don't cover those stories simply
to convince his voters to switch over
I cover those stories because they
impact every single American regardless
of what your economic background is or
regardless of what your ideological
background is and so you know it's just
it's he's pathetic it's pathetic
anything any news organization that
criticizes him is immediately fake news
doesn't anyone find it strange that he
never calls media organizations that
love him fake news right yeah so that
goes to why another reason why this
story's always so of course no one
should care what Mika and Joe are doing
in their personal lives that goes
without saying but the President does
and he uses it
as a political tactic and look I think
again going back to who called who I
actually do think it's relevant because
one I think is sleazy hardball politics
the other is blackmail and I think
there's a super important distinction
between the two so okay and you know
what look so he's playing like dirty
pool I'm not surprised by that and I'm
not one of these people were like oh it
shocks my conscience right I get it
so what I'm most concerned about is his
mental instability and and he is so the
these guys Joe Scarborough Mika
Brzezinski actually know him a lot
better than we do they talk about how
they one of the disputes in this story
is did he invite them to mar-a-lago or
did they invite themselves every single
one of those details Trump is a
pathological liar you keep their side of
the story and I you are you kidding me
if you watch The Young Turks do you know
how much disdain I have for Joe
Scarborough so I don't have a dog in
this fight I don't care I dislike them
both a lot okay so but every one of
those different details Scarborough and
and Brazil ski appear to have a more
credible story much more likely yeah
then then Donald Trump's side of the
story right and they explain all in
great detail now they are saying look
we're worried about his mental condition
so now remember Roger stone was the
first kind of throw out the thing about
Alzheimer's and it seemed like a weird
thing to kind of throw out of nowhere
now in many different ways they said he
has a fragile childlike ego you know we
and it's interesting when people's
mental conditions sometimes later in
life are deteriorating they do become
more childlike they say that mentally
equipped to watch their show let alone
Iran the country but that's not that to
me the most
okay so those are insults back at him
right and you might make but at the very
end of their Washington Post editorial
they said we're worried about how he has
changed in the last few years now some
are saying hey wait a minute he was
always a douche right he did the Central
Park five which is so inexcusable let
alone birtherism he was always a mess
spirited really bad guy when you Joe
loved
and you were great buddies with it so I
got no love no love at all for Joe
Scarborough so but when they say look
he's changed I think there is some
credibility to that I don't want to play
pop psychology too much but no matter
what either he was always like this or
he's deteriorated over the last couple
of years he is not he's literally not
mentally stable enough to be the
President of the United States if you
pick a fight like this that any sensible
person would know would blow up on you
politically who cares about morning Joe
and Mika
who cares you're the President of the
United States why would you pick a fight
with a couple of people like that so who
cares when it happens that but what if
he does that with kim jeong-hoon right
and then millions of lives are on the
line I think that we we run the risk of
minimizing me we're easily minimized if
we start speculating about what mental
illness we think he has or a diagnosis
because we don't know and I I now am
very close to some you know my mom has
Alzheimer's and I you know we don't know
the point abstractly is this guy by any
reasonable standards does not seem to
have the mental capacity the emotional
capacity to be present in the United
States that's different that's an
observation than anybody can make we're
not saying that's a disease there are a
lot of people who don't have that most
of the country doesn't have it right he
just turns in I don't know whatever it
is millions of Americans are not close
to being fit to be President of the
United States the decision-making is too
difficult it's too complex and they
shouldn't do it he's in that group yeah
I completely agree with you I don't know
whether or not he has a mental illness
and I'm not I'm not an expert to be able
to comment on that but I do know that he
is unable to handle even the smallest
criticism and if he reacts this way and
that's the best point if he reacts this
way to people in the media how is he
gonna react to world leaders who he
might find insult him or hurt his
feelings like you're the President of
the United States you have to have
thicker skin than that if someone
criticizes the size of your hands and
that leads to this like ridiculous war
then
tells me something about how you're
gonna react on on a larger scale and
that's what concerns me so we'll see
listen we we have we have Joffrey as
president that's right we do what do you
get for young turks membership it's a
mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm slash join
