Kellyanne Conway was speaking to
Stephanopoulos of Good Morning America
George Stephanopoulos and during that
conversation she was pretty outraged at
the fact that the media is harping on
these tweets that Trump sent out in
regard to Mika Brzezinski know he's been
criticized for those tweets saying that
they're misogynistic and sexist but
Kelly and Conway doesn't think so she
thinks something else hurts women take a
look the toxicity both wait coming to
the president is terrible and you know
this is what's going on the idea that
the media are covering a large parts of
the media anyway are covering personal
insults about the president this
invective and really denying America's
women their rightful knowledge on what
he's doing for them on tacular you
wouldn't be talking about this this
morning if the president hadn't sent out
those tweets yesterday there's alright
that last point was a good one by Kevin
Conway but yes so I like the Freudian
slip she had in the very beginning where
she said the toxicity from both and the
Democrats or whatever it is she said
right yeah that was a great Freudian
slip but I do want to quickly comment on
this notion that we should be talking
about his tax plan because this tax plan
would help women and so let's just focus
on that right now it's interesting
because Stephanopoulos his response to
that was well he hasn't made a tax
proposal but he has we covered it on the
show back in April he rolled out a tax
proposal that would actually
significantly harm some women
specifically single mothers the tax
hikes would hit single parents and large
families would result from Trump's plan
to eliminate the personal exemption and
the head of household filing status the
features of the tax code have enabled
many Americans to reduce their taxable
income so roughly 7.9 million families
with children would pay higher taxes
under his proposals about 5.8 million
are led by single parents and additional
2.1 million are married couples and by
the way his tax plan would
for those who would experience less
taxes of course the middle class if
they're lucky enough to experience this
because they have the right family
structure would get about a 1.8 increase
in their after-tax income but for the
wealthiest Americans it would be a 13.5
percent increase but who cares about
those single mothers who are getting
hurt oh do you want us to talk about
that Kellyanne Conway how much he's
helping women yes I mean again at 13.5
percent I mean you make a million
dollars a year right that not even you
don't even come close to being in the
among the richest Americans if you're
making a million dollars you're
depending I'm just saying not that
you're not Boober wealthy right if
that's really if it's a salary and
you're not you don't have wealth
accumulated already 135 thousand dollars
it gets a ton of money there's a
gigantic gigantic tax break for someone
who almost certainly doesn't need it so
Stephanopoulos of course was referring
to the fact that they have now proposed
legislation yet but Anna's right that
Trump himself has a plan and when you
look at that plan it he's not in favor
of tax cuts so Republicans will always
say hey we want tax cuts that's not true
they only want tax cuts basically I go
to the rich or poor predominantly go to
the rich when it comes to lower cut
people there it's tax increases I mean
it is redistributing income but we would
think maniacally but to them they think
yeah why do you think I put all these as
he was bragging about the other day I
put all these millionaires and
billionaires into my cabinet I don't
want poor people in comforts obviously
said so to them it's not maniacal
they're like we won the election so
we're gonna take all the money and
you're gonna pay more that's that's why
we won what don't you think we're gonna
be for the poor the middle-class Jewish
punks Kellyanne would you like us to
continue talking about policy because we
can do this all day long
so on the issue of who's bringing out
what ladies are not another article
today in mediate from Joe Bell ello who
here's a headline president Trump
deserves credit for taking on bullies
like Mika Brzezinski she's a bully yeah
but I've always thought yeah because you
remember when she talked about how he
was bleeding from the face yeah
cetera well people people who are
defending Trump will say well she hit
him first but look there's but but
there's a huge difference sorry sorry to
interrupt but there's a huge difference
between someone who's on a show on MSNBC
well in a position of power don't don't
get it twisted but then you're talking
about the President of the United States
literally punching down and and just
insulting her and literally one of the
most misogynistic ways I've ever seen it
the only response that she could then
have to this would be to show pictures
of him looking overweight at the golf
course and pointing out that he dyes his
hair like that's the kind of her joke
was about something that is undeniably
pathetic that he had a fake Time
magazine cover up at all his golf
courses that's what he's responding to
that was her vicious attack on it
someone who look you want to mock up one
time magazine cover because you've never
been on the cover so if you've been on
the cover of Time you can't then make up
a fake cover of time it ceases being
funny at all it was on five times I made
a six this awesome Sports Illustrated
haha no man right so and then you put it
up your golf courses make it seem real I
mean if we can't make fun of that then I
literally don't I no longer know what we
can make fun of in this country that was
her attack on him well Julie hold on
though during that insult she attacked
the one thing that really gets under his
skin every time the size of his hands
see that's what it look I mean
particularly in the response I didn't
think that was in the initial thing I
thought that was in her response you
know I was in the initial one though
okay yeah that is when he gets most
vicious when a day and look megyn kelly
from the bleeding from whatever man mica
with the bleeding from the face the Miss
Piggy to me that what he said about Miss
Universe who was latina forget Miss
Piggy which is yes misogynist a well all
that stuff he called her miss
housekeeping he's such a dick that is a
clearly clearly racist thing to say miss
housekeeping screw you
whatever we say about you can't be
enough and
it is the job of the media to criticize
the president in from time to time give
him credit if he deserves credit even
we've given trump credit on the tiny
little things he does deserve credit on
like his hands that's our job as the
president you're supposed to have a
bigger job and not worry about a morning
show as zany morning zoo on MSNBC or
whatever it is and just go on and like
you actually read one of your damn
presidential daily briefings yeah so you
know what the hell's going on in the
world or I mean you wanted 90 days to
really take a look at our vetting
process for tourists and people seeking
asylum those 90 days were up a long time
ago what happened did you find out what
the hell is going on no because he's
literally sitting there watching cable
news and then waiting till 4:00 in the
morning to tweet like he's a child
that's what he's doing
if anything if if you're are a
Republican who doesn't care about this
story this doesn't persuade you in any
way the one thing that should persuade
you is that he is accomplishing
absolutely nothing he hasn't done
anything for you he hasn't succeeded in
any way the only thing that he's done is
signed a bunch of executive orders many
of which have been challenged in the
courts right but other than that what
has he done has he built the law got in
Mexico to pay for it no has he actually
come up with a replacement plan for the
Affordable Care Act that Americans are
in favor of no has he done anything of
value no he hasn't
membership helps fund the young turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network calm
/join
