earlier this week representative jason
Chaffetz from Utah felt that it was
important to stand up for his peers in
Congress and demand a $2,500 a month
stipend for housing he says it's just
too difficult to afford a place to stay
or live when we're in DC so come on do
us a solid give us a $2,500 a month
stipend which ends up being an
additional 30,000 a year for every
member of Congress now Naomi LaChance
was one of our investigative reporters
thanks to you guys and your support of
the show investigated how Chaffetz
responded and reacted to the housing
crisis in Utah in his own state and as
you can imagine he had very little
sympathy for those who were unable to
provide a roof for their families or had
to cram several people in a one-bedroom
place now here's what he had to say
earlier this week to the hill he said I
flat out cannot afford a mortgage in
Utah kids in college and a second place
here in Washington DC keep in mind that
his salary is 174 thousand dollars a
year and his net worth is over half a
million but hey you know we got a cry
for him he's having a really tough time
now keep in mind that Utah is short
47,000 180 homes for low income families
and 68% of the states extremely low
income residents have severe difficulty
affording housing and that's according
to the national Low Income Housing
Coalition also Utah's minimum wage is
only $7.25 per hour or a whopping
$15,000 annually a person on that salary
would have to work 76 hours a week to be
able to afford a small one-bedroom
apartment in Utah hey there I mean how
many hours are there least 24 hours a
day times 7 was that 168 hours in a week
that's like less than half bootstraps
yeah
shut it so let's just keep context here
remember the stipend that he asked for
for people who are already making a
hundred seventy four thousand dollars a
year is an extra thirty thousand dollars
post taxes okay so pre taxes is like
roughly forty thousand forty two
thousand whatever
right that's it and the minimum wage
right now you work a full time job
you're not a bum you're working 40 hours
a week full-time job and you Todd gets
you $15,000 forget the tax implications
15,000 he asked for a free thirty
thousand twice what you would mean you'd
have to have two full-time minimum-wage
jobs in Utah to just make enough money
the Chaffetz thinks should be his
stipend for his second home in washer
and let me let me clarify something
about the taxes cuz I think it's
important so there's a difference
between regular taxable income and
stipends stipends are not usually taxed
the same way other income is you don't
have to pay things like Social Security
tax and things like that you do have to
pay federal taxes but again you would
pay less taxes if it comes in the form
of a stipend I don't know if he did that
intentionally but considering how
disgusting he is I wouldn't be sore the
two reasons to do it that way one as you
say it actually makes the value of the
money a little bit more you presumably
can only use it for housing though and
then secondly it's not called a pay
raise
it's called a stipend so it politically
plays better but where you're wrong
shank is that this isn't about jason
chaffetz there's nothing to do with him
he's the guy who they sent up there to
do it because he's quitting yes so
there's no he's not gonna be harmed by
it he can put his name behind it that's
the only reason why he's doing it
he's the guy their Republican colleagues
said sent out see if we can get this
more money and then if it fails and it's
an embarrassment well who cares you're
quitting makes no difference yes the
fees the Willing fall guy on this and to
me the most important part of it is they
don't have been taken a second to
consider their voters so if you
considered your voters you'd be worried
about those 47,000 people missing homes
in Utah you'd be worried hey man how is
this gonna look I'm asking for twice
that what the minimum wage would get you
for a whole year just for my housing
stipend for one of my houses that looks
pretty damn bad right but to him they
think like what what how am I going to
live in a nice place in Washington
without an extra twenty five hundred
dollars so how could I put like what's
the big deal all my friends are even
richer than I am any by the way that's
true in Congress on average there
millionaires yes so Chaffetz is not
among the richest he's actually
middle-class for Congress at a net worth
of five hundred and sixty eight thousand
dollars so to them they're like oh
please this is nothing then why don't
you care about your voters who have so
much less so you know some of you might
be saying all right well the housing
situation in Utah sucks and he's a
representative from Utah but I mean did
he do anything to actively work against
the people that he's supposed to be
representing absolutely so let's go to
that he co-sponsored national
legislation to kill the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau which
regulates companies that provide
services like credit cards or mortgages
he also touted legislation to kill the
Affordable Housing Trust Fund a pool of
money by Mortgage Finance Sears to
provide housing relief for low-income
Americans his argument was oh well you
know I mean Fannie Mae Freddie Mac like
there they're already hurting so they're
having a tough time let's not make it
tougher for them so okay he he four
years later also asked to cut it again
so it's not like he doesn't know about
housing issues he has worked to make
sure you do not get more money for
housing he is actively the first thing
he co-sponsored he went out of his way
to say this is a bill at where I would
like for you to have less money not
housing but me I'd like to get way more
than what you would have gotten for free
as a stipend physicist that's how I roll
and and so that you understand he called
poor people there in in one of his
statements when he was co-sponsoring the
bill a special interest group he said we
shouldn't be giving into these special
interest groups they're so powerful the
poor the people who need homes in Utah
they really run the country it's not the
Jews it's poor you tontons
poor Utes poor youths so bear in mind
that the Consumer Financial Protection
Board which has been defunct already
under Trump and was defanged by
congressional interests tied to Wall
Street money before it ever started but
was a success in that it got created for
the love of God and he tries to
to shut it down right that's what you
said Anna right so he tries to shut that
down is the same Congress the same party
that did everything it could to make it
very easy for any company corporation to
file for bankruptcy and then made it
nearly impossible for any individual for
to file for bankruptcy that made it
possible for credit card companies to
get bailed out and and and and have that
all their financial needs met and solved
and avoided and then made it completely
impossible with through this board to
protect consumers in the same boat I
mean it is that to me the Consumer
Financial Protection Board and its
history is the most egregious and
glaring and identifiable example that we
can come up with of the degree to which
moneyed interest in Washington have the
ear and then most importantly the vote
and the pen of powerful people in
Congress and regular people don't if you
run up too much debt on a credit card
and they raise the rates on you and they
hammer and hammer and hammer this
Congress previous congresses led by
Republicans with the help sometimes of
Democrats certainly without the stand-up
nature of some Democrats you can't do a
damn thing they'll say what was in the
print you signed for the credit card
that's it a company does it no problem
they're bailed out they can declare
bankruptcy you can't it's an outrage
every American should be outraged by it
and everybody ought to support the
Consumer Financial Protection and give
it thanks these guys don't represent you
they represent their donors wolf dash
pack.com we're not the Young Turks
you're The Young Turks you power this
show together we build something amazing
we broken stories like the Donna Brazile
story the mainstream media wouldn't
break we've built the studio we built
this network it's now number one all
thanks to you guys let's come build it
even bigger and stronger TYT Network
comm /join
