the US government was planning on
banning a certain chemical produced by
Dow Chemical until its CEO met with the
EPA chief Scott Pruett now the chemical
in question has been proven in numerous
studies to cause some brain development
issues among children so as a result a
while ago the government decided that
hey we're gonna stop allowing households
to use it and for farmers who do use it
we want to make sure there's a proper
buffer between the farm and residents to
ensure everyone's safety
however Scott Pruett schedule shows that
he met with Dow CEO Andrew Liveris for
about half an hour March 9th during a
conference held at a Houston hotel 20
days later Pruitt announced his decision
to deny a petition to ban dows Clovis
pesticide from being sprayed on food
even miniscule amounts of the chemical
can interfere with the brain development
of fetuses and infants now here's
another thing to keep in mind Pruitt was
asked whether he had met with the Dow
Chemical CEO and he denied it asked in
April whether Pruitt had met with Dow
executives or lobbyists before his
decision EPA spokesperson JP fury
replied I have had no meetings with Dow
on this topic where we have had no
meetings on Dow with this topic
okay so Associated Press was a great job
of doing a Freedom of Information
request here to get his actual schedule
to find out what actually happened so
and to find out the EPA was lying about
not meeting with dowdy the head of the
EPA did now let's get to the substance
of of this decision this chemical is
incredibly dangerous you know that it
was and I didn't know this until ap did
this story it was first developed as a
chemical weapon in world war ii now not
this exact form of it of course they're
not going to drop that on on our food
they presumably altered it to kill bugs
so that's a pesticide right so okay so
that's so far I you know it doesn't
prove that it's dangerous today so the
then we turn to all the studies that
have been done on it and the American
Academy of Pediatrics say that they are
quote deeply alarmed by a Pruitt's
decision to allow this pesticide to
continue to be used in this country
deeply alarmed they said quote the risk
the infant and children's health and
development is unambiguous so it's it's
not an open question we are positive
that this hurts brain development in
kids now I know people flip out
sometimes if they see a pregnant woman
smoking in public or having a drink in
public maybe very rightfully so and we
used to do that all the time and back in
the day but we don't do that anymore
because we think it might have hurt the
disease the fetus and development of the
fetus remember we're pro-life right so
so I'm telling you for all the
Republicans out there who are pro-life
don't do that what are you doing and we
gotta protect the fetus right that's the
only time we care about humans is when
they're fetuses but anyway all right
that's fine but now we have scientists
saying unequivocally this will hurt
their brain development and Republicans
go yeah yeah but is somebody gonna make
a buck off of it oh this is actually one
of the most popular pesticides used in
the world six million pounds of it are
dropped on our citrus fruits apples
cherries and other crops and I do kids
eat apples hmm yeah let alone the
applesauce that babies eat let alone
that the woman needed while they're
pregnant and that gets to the fetus so
it makes its way in the waterways as
well so even if you're not consuming
these fruits or you're eating organic it
doesn't matter it does make its way into
our water in fact some farm workers
recently were sickened by by this and so
there was a little bit of a panic like
wait we're spraying it from planes so
they made decisions earlier hey you know
what we're not going to let the down
use this inside the homes because we
know it does brain damage so you're not
allowed to use it inside the home first
of all that's when we should have
stopped using it when we know it causes
brain damage inside somebody's home what
you sprayed from a plane in a king can't
get inside your house and then they said
okay then in 2012 they're like all right
not near the schools don't spray it from
a plane and have it land on all the
fruit that we eat in our kids eat if you
think it causes brain damage but now the
Trump administration meets with Dow 20
days later they happen to decide brain
damage remain damaged the our chemical
did do one smart thing they wrote a
million dollar check to underwrite the
president's inauguration festivities let
alone all the other money that was
funneled to Republican politicians and
the fact that their CEO is now part of
the White House manufacturing working
group so when they say deregulation this
is what they're talking about I'm
curious whether like Scala states cap
threw it in his ilk and his ilk isn't
ugly ilk
but so is he just does he just want to
help out Dow Chemicals cuz they paid a
million dollars for this because they're
more than that again I don't because
they're consistent supporters because he
does or how much of it is that he
doesn't believe in government
regulations that the market should
dictate it if people stop eating the
fruit because it has that on that well
then you stop using the and that's as
simple as that stupid nor does he not
care about kids at all I assume he has
kids I don't I bet it's not that I
suspect he has an emotional reaction to
a cute kid video right and he doesn't if
he has a chance to take a kid out of a
burning car he probably does right if
it's easy or does he is he so trained
over the course of his lifetime in
public service to simply not believe the
scientists right is that what or does
because he is predisposed to think we
over regulate the left is photographed
therefore I don't believe this I like
the copy all it's right parts of all of
them but I'm curious one
in the frontal lobe of his brain if
that's even where the action is like
what is motivating this reaction most
this decision this might help answer
some of your question but he's also
simultaneously launching an initiative
to critique climate science so the vast
majority of scientists believe that
climate change or have studied and have
found that climate change is in fact
real and it is man-made and it doesn't
matter that you know over 97% of them
agree he wants to critique the climate
science he doesn't trust the science so
let me explain that and then in an
answer but this registers real quick I
just but they had this question for me
still would because we'll never know
does he not believe the science because
it doesn't fit with his deregulation
thing or does he legitimately not
believe this I know yeah so ok I'll get
to that saying so the reason they want
to do the panel where they could take
climate change is it's such a
win-win-win for that right at a bare
minimum what it does is delay any action
on climate change wait we haven't
decided yet whether we're still doing
the open and transparent panel on
whether climate change exists and if
it's man-made number two they create a
false balance all of a sudden it's not
97 to 3 we're having a conversation that
is 50/50 you know we're having a debate
like the video against debate so you
know on anything is if this is the
oldest trick in the book they did this
with tobacco too I mean we're having a
debate does it caused cancer does it not
cause cancer 97% of the scientists says
it caused cancer but we think it's 50/50
let's take our time meanwhile people are
dying of cancer nobody's doing anything
about it so and and the list goes on for
all the difference and then by the way
at the end they could say now the
science on it is mixed hence we won't
take any action that's their third one
so just like the tobacco story and there
are people who would say no smoking
tobacco is good for you it'll done
cancer you it'll make you a healthier
right they put out all this junk did
those people genuinely believe that and
my answer to that I don't mean to be
glib is I don't care so if you pay
people enough money they will say
anything
if you pay him enough they might even
believe it anymore there they're honest
people but in a country of 330 million
people you could find Schmucks who
believe anything and then finance them
okay you either want a bad guy who will
tell you that there is no such thing as
climate change and that pesticides don't
this particular pesticide does not cause
developmental issues and brains well you
can find people who believe that right
it's a giant country you can find people
that believe in any conspiracy right or
you can find bad guys who are like I
don't care okay where's the money the
money gets me elected and gets all my
friends will like that gets me power
where is it it's over there what do you
need me to say pesticides now the
scientists are wrong and and so like
looking at a Scott poets - - whether
he's ignorant or evil it's not important
what's important is fixing the systemic
corruption that leads to these decisions
over and over again the one downside to
the panel for them might be in this blue
blue ribbon panel where they call it Red
Team Blue you know they like they make
it is that the Koch brothers did that in
2012 over 2013 with the st. and their
panel was like came back and was like
yeah man made I got convinced here it's
full its unequivocal and and luckily
then the Koch brothers switched their
mind right and decided that they were
because they were genuine they always
talk about how genuinely you know they
what just about the country there are
believers in freedom
they happen to make a lot of money from
the fossil fuel industry and shockingly
enough they're their own panel when they
said it is man-made and you should do
something they were like yeah go ahead
and piss off we still have the same
exact opinion which happens to help our
bottom line yeah oh well what's in TYT
membership not gonna tell you only one
way to find out ey tea network.com /join
