I have five minutes explain the Facebook
go Erin why sake the commander of the
armies of the 8th so for those who don't
know Erin is actually shanks favorite
employee and we like better the Raby or
sare bay go and I want to do a YouTube
live clip but not live go hyoeun I'm
confused is it think wider or Jane
Cougar go what I think a lot of people
at TYT and certainly in the audience
don't know is that without Erin none of
this happens yeah it's all because of me
so here what would you do to it you know
so surface The Young Turks as well the
first thing I did around that is we
didn't have a video podcast back in
those days it was only a audio version
and I wanted a video I wanted to watch
it at work in video form so I just
created the video podcast so this is the
free version of the video podcast that
still exists today I created that from
the scratch so I would take the YouTube
clip and rip it illegally back then off
of youtube and and just put it up on
iTunes what were the things you did to
popularize the young person you know one
of the very early things that I liked
was not necessarily the show it was
Jencks blogs I really enjoyed reading
those blogs and I wanted to share them
as widely as possible so at the time
there was a big wave of what they called
social bookmarking back then and so what
it meant was like you pull links from
this is Reddit what reddit is today it
was much more popular back then and
there were many different web sites
it wasn't until just couple years ago
when jank and I were traveling together
we will share hoto now two grown men
sharing a little talk I was like how
much florists we have to do this much
longer not thirsty I'm like oh geez he's
in the bathroom again got to go
downstairs and use a lobby bathroom
like that kind of stuff like that's the
kind of family that we had right I mean
but I think that was such a smart
decision though because you know what it
did it it you found people that were
dedicated to my company and in a
start-up in those early days you need to
shine people like that absolutely
