they use their media to assassinate real
news they use their schools to teach
children that their president is another
Hitler oh boy so a lot of you guys have
DM me and sent me this NRA PSA that's
going viral at the moment with closest 3
million views and Counting and it's
absolutely terrifying because it's
100,000 percent of call to arms for
every gun owning tinfoil nut job in
America to rise up against the violent
left it's also identical to Isis videos
that seek to radicalize Muslims living
in Western nations and I'm gonna
describe to you exactly how but to be
fair and balance points on hiring the
Republican commentator who's not blonde
at least Tommy Lord the varsity but here
let's take a look they use their movie
stars and singers and comedy shows and
award shows to repeat their narrative
over and over again
yeah those damn liberals and they're
entertaining movies I hate them well if
you're so distraught with our narrative
and entertainment here's a unique idea
make better movies look at right at you
Steve Bannon make one movie that doesn't
consist solely of old stock footage with
your weird anti-globalist Western world
vs evil forces narrative and maybe
someone other than horny pimple-faced
internet trolls will pay attention to it
but back to this video and then they use
their ex-president to endorse the
resistance all to make them March make
them protest which is a fundamental
right given to us by our Constitution a
fact that the NRA and the rest of the
Republican Party constantly forget when
it doesn't fit their narrative you
understand that tyrannical governments
don't only happen under a Democratic
administration right you get that and
that's at the heart of this hypocrisy
the right like to identify themselves as
protectors of the Constitution and then
put out a call to arms when the left
exercise their constitutional rights
you can't play favorites here these
aren't Trump's children and the Second
Amendment isn't Ivanka and then the rest
of the Constitution is Tiffany Trump and
look by the way unlike your typical
whiny snow flaky liberal wants take away
your guns I have a lot of experience
with weapons like I've shot ar-fifteens
I have friends that are responsible gun
owners and they are also outraged by
this ad but go on tell us why we marched
dana loesch tell us about the
fundamental issues that this very vocal
opposition feels is eroding america's
values
threatening the safety of its citizens
make them scream racism preach sister
and sexism yo and homophobia uh-huh and
xenophobia nailed it except dana of
course frames these systemic problems is
just typical snowflakes shouting but
let's take racism for example we march
for falando cast
was that not a cause worth marching for
after all this is a video from the NRA
an organization created to protect the
Second Amendment but they didn't make a
single fuckin peep about responsible gun
owner falando Castile being executed at
a traffic stop for the crime of having a
license to carry while being black if
you really gave two shits about gun
rights instead of operating as a
far-right bullshit generating machine
you'd be outraged and that gross double
standard around protecting the Second
Amendment is identical to what the NRA
is doing in this exact video against the
First Amendment as they proceed to tell
us how these same liberals complaining
about nonsensical made-up issues like
racism are becoming increasingly more
violent to smash windows burn cars shut
down interstates and airports bully and
terrorize the law-abiding in such a
violent way that the only option left is
for the police to do their jobs and stop
the madness so the same NRA that tried
it's goddamn best armed every government
fearing maniac with assault rifles
because Barack Obama and his government
thugs were coming to get their guns is
now in favor of a police state as it's
the only bulwark against liberal anarchy
how odd
hmm except it isn't that odd when you
think about the decline of gun sales
since Trump became president gun sales
skyrocket when people fear that the
government will ban them this is
something we found out after Sandy Hook
when the ar-15 used to mow down little
children was all of a sudden the must
have purchased for anyone with a camo
hat and a don't tread on me bumper
sticker and now since these nuts toes
control all of the government there's no
more need to use those guns until now
the only way
we stopped this the only way we save our
country and our freedom how do we do it
Dana
tell us how goddamnit um roundup is to
fight this violence of Lies with a
clenched fist of truth no no this is the
single most disgusting irresponsible
terrifying atom ever washed if you're a
responsible gun owner you should be
fuckin outraged that this organization
that claims to proudly fight for your
rights is basically putting out a
propaganda video to violently fight back
against the left because that's the only
way these merchants of death can think
to push more product this video is
literally no different than Isis
recruitment videos that try to
radicalize Muslims it adopts identical
divisive tactics and tries to instill
fear within the public and the result
will likely be the same to radicalize
already unstable individuals to act out
by committing terrifying acts of
violence against innocent members of the
public and the difference is those
people have a lot more guns there's an
NRA odd idea when all this blows over
the left is responsible for winning the
civil war never forget that and then buy
more guns and literally kill them thanks
that's the only way guys please buy more
guns I'm a sauna peickert please share
this video with your friends if you're
outraged by this insanely irresponsible
NRA ad please don't forget to follow me
on instagram and sandeep Iker and on
twitter at us on the hunt and this has
been the breakdown
you
