as I've told you probably now about 78
times a lot of just Democrats have
already won their primaries 26 overall
and seven are very likely to win their
general election and be in the house so
there's a three incumbents Rokon a rogue
or how about and primal Ajay upon
traduced a medicare-for-all pack today
which i think is a genius idea wonderful
idea
so now you're looking at some of those
people who won their primaries and we
talked about the income score Alvin roll
Khanna on that list we talked earlier
about Kompany jar and the 50th Sanjay
Patel crushed in his race in Florida
unopposed Ayanna Presley with the great
upset victory in Massachusetts James
Thompson a a wonderful candidate was on
a Friday power panel with us recently in
Kansas Lisa ring great victory in the
primaries in Georgia and that would be
another great great win
Stephanie Rose Spalding in Colorado a
lot of these folks have been on rebel
headquarters please check out their
interviews I think you're gonna love
these candidates and then Audrey Denny
in California's first District she's one
of my favorites she's got excellent
attitude energy strength and and that's
a tough race to win in the first
District but I think she could do it
another big race that would be great for
progressives as Ben Jealous winning the
governor's race in Maryland he had a
tough primary that he won convincingly
but he's going up against a relatively
popular Republican governor in Maryland
and so that would be a huge win and
probably at this point considered an
upset win and then you got Michigan Matt
Morgan Robert Davidson is a real fighter
he's a doctor and he got so sick of the
the health care in this country and the
debacle that it is that he decided he's
gonna run for office and support
Medicare for all so you'll love his
campaign
Rashidah Talib is going to Congress and
so is Ilhan Omar they won respectively
in Michigan Conyers old seed and in
Minnesota
Keith Ellison's old seed those are very
blue seats so
great to have two strong Muslim women
headed to Congress and Jamie's
Schoolcraft with a guy who guys outspent
I think if I remember correctly four to
one in his primary yeah and and and beat
his opponent with his thick I think he
might have beat him two to one so his
opponent got school crafted Soho don't
sleep on Schoolcraft in Missouri seventh
district car Eastman one of the biggest
primary upset victories of the season in
Nebraska Alexander Acacio Cortez never
heard of her the biggest upset win in
the primary season I think earlier in
the night I might have accidentally said
against Republican Joe Crowley of course
he was technically a Democrat that was
not intended okay and they don't have to
beat up on Crowley anymore
he's he lost obviously and he was very
gracious on the night of the of the loss
and then just king in Pennsylvania's
11th district and other strong
progressive candidate we're trying to
see we can cover more in the life of in
the day in the life of that Emma biglan
does that she did for McCosker Cortes
and welder and some others she went to
do it for Zephyr Teachout I hope we can
get her to places like Jess's district
in the 11th district of Pennsylvania
let's keep going
Laurie birch in Texas
Vanessa idea Adrien Bella otherwise
known as the Liberty Bell Lindsey Fagan
all excellent progressives in in Texas
look at that with the exception of Randy
Bryce look at those strong women that
are roaring all over the map in in in
America from Texas to Vermont to the
state of Washington right
and so those four in Texas were some of
the earliest winners we had a lot of
them were upset victories winning in the
heart of Texas would be fantastic
Christine Hall Quist another shocking
victory in Vermont on the Democratic
side for the governor's race and
she stands an excellent chance of being
the first transgender governor in the
history of the country so or so that
would be amazing fantastic and Pramila
jayapala incumbent who came out with the
medicare-for-all pack today a terrific
idea Sarah Smith with another upset
victory she it goes to the runoff which
is the top two in in is how it works in
Washington so it's two Democrats in the
general election it's Smith versus Smith
Adam Smith's income and Sarah Smith is
the progressive justice Democrat
challenger people didn't expect her to
be the Republican to meet to make the
runoff but she's been challenging
people's expectations for a long long
time so she's in that race and she's in
it to win and then the last guy of
course was Randy Bryce irons - he's the
guy who stat who ran Paul Ryan out of
Congress Paul Ryan was afraid that he
was gonna lose that race that was only a
+5 a seat which is in a blue wave likely
to go to Democrats and so iron stache
might take the former Speaker of the
House as seat so now that is some
progressive candidates for you none of
them take corporate PAC money that is a
that's an uncorrupted blue wave that's a
crystal clear blue wave and so if even
if a half of them win we got ourselves a
caucus look seven are almost guaranteed
right now that's already a bit of a
caucus yeah so once you have a caucus
that can make or break bills that is
power for real progressives and now
we're having a conversation so that's
what's on the line in in November in the
general election and that's everything
so you've got these great justice
Democrats and then you got great
progressives like better Orkin Texas and
Andrew Gilliam in Florida wolf leading
Ted Cruz and De Santis would be
excellent
by the way look you got our incumbent
like Bill Nelson who I got no love for
in floor
but he's running against Rick Scott one
of the worst politician in the country
beating a guy like Rick Scott and Ted
Cruz on the same night I mean that is
that's a dream come true for
progressives and we're this close now we
all got a push especially for the
uncorrupted candidates you can find him
at just Democrats calm / candidates they
need your small dollar donations because
they're not taking corporate money they
can't win without it they need your
volunteering more than anything else
volunteers is exactly how these 26 won
in the first place so get out there and
get in a fight is less than two months
left and also for those other great
progressives that are backed by P triple
see our revolution working families
party democracy for America etc so get
in the fight guys and early November in
2018 we could have a glorious glorious
day for progressives and then in future
election days have been obviously it's
great you know once they go there
surpass the bills and all that but then
I've been it's gonna feel like three
days from now we're gonna be do in the
next series of primaries you're gonna
have a bunch of them going and
campaigning for candidates endorsing
them helping to organize money for them
from you know regular people it's gonna
be great it's not gonna be it's not
gonna be the same experience where it
was almost entirely up just facing down
the machine with almost no one behind
you you've got like Bernie Sanders and
maybe Elizabeth Warren for some of them
and that's about it but now you're gonna
have you know unarmed be with it not
just us and not just you guys in terms
of funding but also coming with the
ability to go in the media like some of
them are gonna be on CNN MSNBC actually
spreading I know this crazy but
progressive ideas and if they won't let
them on there will let them on our
network every single day so we talked
about the TYT army a decent amount and
that's and you a lot of you guys have
done wonderful work on a lot of these
campaigns and just even participating
and voting makes a giant difference all
the difference in the world but what's
cool is so in the kids are just
democrats i guess that would be a
justice army and you guys are the
justice RB but then you never justice
army inside the congress
I'm picturing a call from a panic
Republican or maybe even a panic
corporate Democrat going where's the
call coming from it's inside the
building looks like we already got seven
inside of the building is 2019 more to
go right so up and Adam up and Adam
let's get in the fight on let's make a
difference and by the way if you make
that difference be the best feeling you
ever had that's true fulfillment it's a
hell of a drug
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
