according to a new report from New York
City's civilian complaint Review Board
NYPD officers are more frequently
knocking phones out of people's hands
when they attempt to record their
interactions with law enforcement so
this is taken from a 2014 through 2016
the CCRB
received 346 allegations of police
interference with civilian recording
efforts the city watchdog which is the
largest police oversight organization in
the country was able to independently
verify 96 such allegations out of the
346 made or 28% total the report says as
for the rest of the complaints 52% were
lacking enough evidence for the board to
make an accurate determination 11% of
the reported incidences occurred but
were found to be lawful and another 6%
were determined not to have occurred at
all the CCRB chair Maia D Wylie
commented saying quote technology has
greatly increased civilians ability to
record and share video of police
encounters as is their First Amendment
right this has increased transparency
and debate about safe and fair policing
as these recordings become more
prevalent our police force must be
prepared for the profound ways that
video will shape police practices I took
this story in this report as
overwhelmingly positive because
basically exactly what she says everyone
needs to adapt to this fair policing but
then it's so disheartening to hear that
what should be you know something fair
is being knocked out of the hands of
civilians right and not only should it
be fair it's protected by law in in I
believe most states there might be some
states that have you know passed some
laws to stop civilians from recording
police officials I know that police
unions have fought tooth and nail in
order to pass such laws because they
don't like to be filmed right but my
response to that is you are literally a
public servant okay you are paid by the
individuals that you are supposed to
protect and serve and so as a result
you're in a public place first of all
anyone in a public place based on the
law in general has no reasonable
expectation of privacy okay and so if
you are
upset that the individuals who are
paying taxes for your salary are filming
you working as a public servant too bad
right like you you should be able to get
filmed right like people should be able
to film you they should be able to hold
you accountable if you're worried by
that my question is why why are you
worried about that is it because you do
something that might be steamed you know
unlawful or deemed an abuse of power I I
don't know why else you would be so if
I'm out in public and someone's filming
me yeah it's annoying I guess right but
if I'm not doing anything criminal or if
I'm not doing something wrong then why
am I so concerned about it oh and by the
way I'm not even a public servant like
I'm a private citizen you guys are
public servants sorry if it annoys you
you got to deal with it they don't I've
never had a police encounter know about
you guys where I felt as though the
general disposition of the officer was
that I'm paying his salary and so
therefore he wants to in any way
ingratiate himself to me I mean cops
when they stopped you and when they
interact with you and certainly when
they interact in this kind of the sort
of situations we see on T YT they're
interacting in a way that wouldn't
suggest that they're beholden to in any
way to the person that I understand that
and by the way I'm not saying that you
know cops should approach everyone and
with the intention of playing
patty-cakes
but what I'm trying to say is underlying
at all there's a certain level of
transparency that is expected of public
officials right anyone who has a public
job any type of government job there's a
certain level of transparency and it's
because taxpayer money goes toward
paying for those jobs and so you see
whatever like salaries have to be
disclosed you know a lot of personal
information has to be disclosed because
you are a public servant so the fact
that they're so up in arms about people
filming them while they're in public is
just weird to me no I think you're 100%
right I guess what I'm saying is that
there is a sense of authority that they
have right in every stop and in every
interaction and that in some way must be
engendered there in the department
because they've all got it I mean there
are some exceptions and then and maybe
there are many exceptions you know like
just like there
there are extremes in all of these cases
perhaps most cops aren't that way but
the ones we see and a lot of them that
we interact with have that authority and
they they come at it from that sort of
authoritarian disposition yeah and what
I like about the CCRB statement is that
what they're saying is transparency is
good for everyone because if a cop is
not doing the right thing if it is not
following the right procedures then they
should be called out and other police
should be like yep please let's weed out
the bad apples because it's making it
more difficult for us to do our job the
really honest police officers of which
there are very very very many of so I
think that even though the CCRB is a
watchdog organization for them to just
be like look this is we need to make
sure that there is transparency and that
this will lead to fair policing and
debate and safety for everyone I think
that that's really good that they're
highlighting what their concern is we're
calling this out not because we're
trying to just be annoying for the sake
of it because this is a major safety
concern and I think that they did
articulate that very well because a lot
of people it shouldn't be police against
civilians that's it should be us working
together policing our communities safely
and protecting and serving I think it
should be a win-win yeah it's holding me
a win-win it's like sometimes I think we
sort of lose sight of what police are
for we absolutely need them to do their
jobs well what do you get for Young
Turks membership it's a mystery only one
way to find out TYT Network comm /join
