aspirations for YouTube fame turned
fatal when Mona Lisa Perez shot her
boyfriend Pedro Ruiz the third this was
all part of a YouTube stunt for views
mana Lisa and Pedro Ruiz were the people
behind the YouTube channel called love
mono Lisa it was a YouTube channel where
they documented their lives in Halsted
Minnesota as teen parents of a
three-year-old daughter mana Lisa Perez
tweeted about the stunt before it
happened she said quote me and Pedro are
probably going to shoot one of those
dangerous videos ever his idea not mine
now what did this stunt consist of what
the court documents are saying right now
is that Perez stood about a foot away
from Ruiz and shot him with a 50 caliber
pistol which is considered one of the
most powerful semi-automatic handguns in
the world he was holding a book to his
chest the book was intended to block the
bullet they felt sure that this would
take care of it and he wouldn't have any
harm done to him but that's obviously
not what happened his aunt spoke with
local news saying I said don't do it
don't do it why are you going to use a
gun why his response she said was simple
because we want more viewers now there
are real consequences coming to Perez as
a result of this Perez was arrested
Monday on a charge of reckless discharge
of a gun on Wednesday that charge was
upgraded to second-degree manslaughter
she was released on 7,000 dollars bail
after her initial court appearance and
ordered to wear a GPS monitor and stay
away from firearms if convicted she
faces up to ten years behind bars this
is um you guys can probably tell this is
a really heartbreaking story to cover
because it feels like this could have so
easily been prevented and it the
question that I keep asking myself is
for what I know for what they said it
for views it's so crazy but it's they
actually address that this they have a
three-year-old daughter
and they believed they had revealed that
she was pregnant with a boy in May and
both of these parents are gone now you
know she she could potentially be locked
up we don't really know but right now
it's
it just is one of the most heartbreaking
stories I think I've covered recently
because for what and I know I know why
didn't I do this because there is look
there's this environment online where
first of all there's an environment in
this country in general regardless of
what type of content creator you want to
be regarding Fame and how awesome famous
and we don't really discuss the the
honesty or the truth behind Fame or what
it entails and how terrible it actually
really is right I mean I think people
are under this or under the impression
that as long as you do something
outrageous enough online you will become
famous and all of it is gonna be good
it'll lead to great opportunities for
you and you know unfortunately in some
cases people act clownish and they do
become famous and they do end up making
a ton of money that whole cash me
outside girl I don't even know what a
real name is she became famous because
she was acting badly on a dr. Phil
episode and then she started getting all
of these lucrative deals as a result of
that and so I think the way that we
celebrate people in the country needs to
be like reconsidered and re-evaluated I
think that's part of it and I think that
we need to have actual discussions with
kids in high school about life issues
that matter right like we used to have
ho Mac maybe some schools still have
home X but instead of focusing on that
maybe we sit kids down and we talk about
like life issues that will actually
impact them right how you're supposed to
I don't know avoid doing things that
could put people's lives at harm or at
risk i I just I don't know this is a
devastating story and I feel I feel
horrible for the victim and the victim's
family but to be quite honest with you I
feel bad for the girl or the woman who's
now gonna face serious criminal charges
because of what happened you know I
don't think she's a violent criminal I
don't think that she's a person who's a
genuine threat to society and then this
is going to destroy her life and I I
can't even imagine what she's feeling
right now she just killed the person
that she loves acts
of course and it was for such a stupid
reason and it was his idea and he had
assured her that you know that this
would work out they had even tested with
another like an encyclopedia or
something he claims that the bullet
didn't make it all the way through the
wouldn't go through that's why he felt
more confident about it one quick thing
I wanted to add and I think this is this
is probably the more clear point that I
should get across look we need to have
discussions about gun safety okay so I
get it you know there are people who
don't ever want to get anywhere close to
talking about gun regulation but this is
not about banning guns this is not about
outlawing certain guns or certain
magazines this is just specifically
about gun safety okay
can we at least agree find a middle
ground and and have a very important
discussion about how we are supposed to
act around guns
guns are not toys they're not fun and
games they're not supposed to be used
for pranks okay we need to have serious
discussions about this because people
just think that it's like this cool
thing that you can have fun with but no
you know you might think it's cool but
you got to treat it like it's a lethal
weapon because that's exactly what it is
it's a lethal weapon we may not want to
hear it
but they knew it was a lethal weapon and
that's what made this so intense as a
stunt yeah most of the stunts you know
we're talked about the kind of the
stunts that they were involved in prior
that they did have kind of a YouTube
following because they were teen parents
and they were never do pranks here and
there press like instead of a powdered
donut they put baby powder on a dog that
came pranks compared to this but they it
was the intensity of this that they knew
would draw a lot of attention and as
anna says that attention celebrated in
this culture that he's going to be run
on the news and all the local news
stations all over the country and here's
the irony this is why this is so
unsettling to me because i feel like i'm
reporting on an episode of black mirror
they got the fame right they wanted fame
they wanted views they wanted this
following and even though there's
nothing they can do with it now and it's
for heartbreaking tragic reason they got
it and it just makes me feel so sick
because it feels doesn't it feel like a
an episode of black mirror that we're
reporting on that we saw happen in real
time no well she's facing 10 years in
prison and we'll see how the case plays
out but I think it should be in the very
least a cautionary tale for anyone who's
considering doing something outrageous
in the name of fame you just watch the
video from The Young Turks did you know
that there's a live to our show every
day and then if you're a member of the
Young Turks you can get that on demand
anytime you want without ads plus the
postgame just for members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now
TYT Network comm slash join
