Australia's highest-ranking Catholic is
facing charges of sexual offences
Cardinal George Pell Australia's highest
ranking Catholic official was charged on
summons over multiple charges and is due
to face Melbourne Magistrates Court on
July 18th now a comment from the
Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner
Shane Patton saying Cardinal Pell is
facing multiple charges in respect of
historic sexual offences there are
multiple complaints relating to those
charges Pell is 76 years old and his
responsibility is for the finances of
the Vatican he was appointed as a
cardinal in 2003 and he was also the
archbishop of Melbourne appointed in
1996 now he has openly said that this is
not true he denies all these allegations
he also says that Pope Francis is
acutely aware of the situation Pell
spoke and he said so I'm very grateful
to the Holy Father for giving me this
leave to return to Australia I've spoken
to my lawyers about when this will be
necessary all along I've been completely
consistent and clear in my total
rejection of these allegations news of
these charges strengthens my resolve and
court proceedings now offer me an
opportunity to clear my name and then
return here back to Rome to work just to
clarify before I get a reaction from you
guys when we are talking about
historical sexual offences that just
indicates that these were sexual
offences that may have taken place some
time ago so it's I was a little thrown
off the term is a little clunky
historical sexual offences sound like
he's assaulting historical figures or
something right there there's a
constellation of complaints that have
now that take place over a history over
over a history that are now coming to
light and it was revealed in February of
2016 that the Victoria Police were
investigating pal over some of these
offences I want to get a response from
you guys this is particularly
interesting especially because Pope
Francis has said that he has a
zero-tolerance policy for sexual
misconduct and he has said that he
really wanted to blog about her and sort
of drain the swab of a lot of the gross
things that were happening in the
Catholic Church but now we're seeing
from the highest order there are
allegations coming out yeah so obviously
the Catholic Church has been riddled
with these scandals and it's been
happening for quite some time now and
no I don't know all the details of you
know what he has been accused of
specific specific details of what he's
been accused of and also I don't know
what evidence there is to you know find
him guilty and I'm glad that he will you
know face the justice system and
hopefully justice will be served I don't
know whether he's guilty or not that's
what I'm trying to get out however I do
know that the Catholic Church has a
history of sexual abuse has a history of
covering up those sexual abuses and it
has been you know devastating for so
many people who were victimized by
priests those in high positions within
the Catholic Church and you know to know
that this story continues that more
scandals are coming out and more victims
are speaking up is really devastating
but I do hope that there will be justice
I hope that they will you know look at
all the evidence and determine whether
or not he is guilty of these accusations
well there'll be a small J on justice
because when a guy's 76 years old and
he's been put in a position of authority
over so many children who put their
faith in this man and who are told to
put their faith in this man and they're
told that that man is closer to God than
we are and who's abused all that faith
then justice really can't be done
because that abuse is so toxic it lives
with those kids forever for their lives
and so of course we can't know whether
he really did it or not but let's all
just say or I'll say it I'm not
surprised to hear the allegation yeah
and in that I think you can read enough
and you know these alleged sexual
assaults some of them are from as early
as 1976 to 1980 and then in East
Melbourne from 1996 to 2001 so these
accusations you know go back decades and
again we'll see how it all plays out and
what the evidence indicates but it's
just so sad to know that you know people
in positions of power can take advantage
of powerless individuals and
you know victimize them like this and
also they're so long the authority of
the church and its power went
unquestioned for so yeah it feels like
this stuff is just coming out and
there's like oh there may be they're all
making it up or maybe just now they're
feeling empowered enough to come forward
and they feel emboldened that people
will believe them because before we're
talking about you know people views
religion especially their the Catholic
faith very differently it was it was not
something you go against I know the
priest was as quoted out it's as close
to God as you will maybe ever come and
so that's an authority figure that you
don't want to cross so it is not
surprising that some of these that
actually that all of these offenses are
historical sexual offenses because a lot
of people back then didn't realize that
these behaviors were wrong it was easier
for priests to have this abuse of power
and that's why it's all coming out now
it's not that people are all of a sudden
lying you know but I'll tell you they
did realize that these behaviors are
wrong
the Catholic Church and they closed
ranks as an institution to protect
themselves as a political institution
the Catholic Church and so many
religions I mean it just happens to be
the one we're talking about right now
protect themselves institutionally and
so we saw them move priests move priests
who they knew were guilty of pedophilia
and we're talking about child rape we
saw them move them from parish to parish
from church to church and they kept
records of this stuff so it's an
institution I think that you rightly
point to that is now being questioned
institutionally as you say what about
this Pope he's supposed to have a
zero-tolerance policy and this is
somebody who's pretty close to the Pope
yeah yeah I mean this is someone who's
responsible for the Vatican's finances
sure that's something they value very
closely I mean this is it that makes
this a tough pill for the Pope to
swallow and for the church to swallow so
moving forward I mean we can all agree
that this is a horrible thing this these
are horrible crimes that have been
perpetrated and if indeed he is guilty
of all these things he's a despicable
person but what happens moving forward
that's a great point because I think
that it goes further than you know
demanding justice for those who have
been victimized I think that you have to
fundamentally
change certain parts of the Catholic
Church to prevent this from happening in
the future right and so you know in the
past we've had discussions about you
know this whole celibacy thing and how
it just doesn't make sense
like I anyway I know that there are
religious people who think it does make
sense but you create this weird
environment where like adults are
supposed to ignore their sexual urges
and like be celibate well and then also
there should be consequences for people
that were essentially hiding these
things covering things up like why don't
we ever talk about them you know being
brought to justice sure if you had
somebody in your family and you knew
that they were raping a child and the
cops came to you or the neighborhood
came to you and said hey we've gotten
complaints that you know your brother is
involved with and you and you said we're
just gonna handle this as a family we'll
take care of it when we promised what
you won't you hear anything morning
we're gonna move him to a different
state you need to work no you're not
we're gonna come in we're gonna arrest
him and he's gonna go on trial but for
years decades it's been handled the
other way we as a family the Catholic
Church are just kind of handle it
internally as Anna says moving forward
there's gonna have to be an
institutional change in a way these
things are handled you don't like heads
well I hear your brother did you know
that you can begin my Young Turks member
get the full two hours show every day on
demand plus so many other Network shows
all ad-free
for just ten bucks a month give it a
shot right now TYT Network comm slash
join
