although morning Joe was pretty friendly
toward Trump in his campaign while he
was running after he got elected they've
been more critical and I think that
that's been pretty evident now recently
morning Joe decided to talk about how
Donald Trump had fake Time magazine
covers of himself in as many as five of
his golf courses throughout the world
and you know they poked a little fun at
him in fact take a look at what Mika
Brzezinski had to say feel better than
making a fake cover of a magazine about
himself lying everyday and destroying
the country okay good enough about me
were your hands in that he's covering
his hands here because they're desi the
other crazy thing about that now she
really does go after that piece of tape
she really goes after it now right now
there is speculation as to whether or
not that particular segment set Trump
off on a little bit of a Twitter TIFF he
goes on Twitter and he starts attacking
Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski and
he says something that has led to a
little bit of backlash even from
Republicans so let me read you those
tweets he says I heard he's such a child
I heard poorly rated morning Joe speaks
badly of me don't watch anymore yes you
do hello Ike you crazy Mika along with
psycho Joe came to mar-a-lago three
nights in a row around New Year's Eve
and insisted on joining me she was
bleeding badly from a facelift I said no
so Trump seems to have some weird
obsession with women and blood because
remember he attacked megyn kelly for
asking him a mildly difficult question
during a debate and said oh she's
bleeding from her whatever or whatever
he said and so that was you know his
latest attack against Mika talking about
you know her looks and I don't know you
guys taken it I'm just so tired of this
 well you know the first thing I
thought of when I when I read it was
that Melania Trump's big cause is
cyberbullying
yeah yeah yeah it's amazing right and
this you know buffoon lying next to her
in bed is doing this but my gods they're
dying
I doubt their line in the same bed but
that's you know just in general be
better painting a picture of Isaac you
meant it metaphorically familial bliss
actually playing with their dogs and
goldfish but but yeah I mean and then
and then thinking just how disgusting
this is right right and and how beneath
the office and and also how I knew what
Republican senators were gonna say like
oh this is terrible and that would be it
no but I still support right right which
is responsible in some cases it went
farther and I know Anna you're gonna
have a couple of those but but the the
general acceptance that this is the way
this guy conducts business is what is so
off-putting but you know it is
off-putting for us because we don't
expect the leader of this country to be
a child we expect him to act a certain
way and set an example and be a leader
and he is the antithesis of that
but because we also expect that our
senators and our members of everyone are
going to stand up to that side or it
somewhere the voters who he appealed to
for whatever reason across whatever
spectrum he was able to pull them and I
know that you're in the middle of a
thought but I have to say that you
expect more you don't expect more from
this guy because that's what he was sent
there for but you expect more for the
people who are a buffer between those
voters and this president and us to
stand up to this and they don't do it
enough well I think everything I mean if
you put this entire situation in context
starting from you know the campaign to
the election to where we are today
all of this has been incredibly
disappointing because I don't think that
this is just a reflection of Trump I
think it's a reflection of the American
people I think it's a reflection of our
lawmakers and it's incredibly
disappointing when you think about the
fact that you know there are literally
children that have handled situations
more maturely than our lawmakers do and
there are children who
probably understand how wrong it is for
Trump to say these types of things about
anyone you know it doesn't matter if
you're a man or a woman this type of
rhetoric should not be acceptable but
the point that I was trying to make was
that look this is not the kind of story
that his base cares about his base knows
what kind of person he is I mean he gets
caught on tape talking about grabbing
women by the genitals he you know refers
to women as pigs he you know talks about
megyn kelly menstruating and acts as if
that is like the worst thing the most
embarrassing thing for a woman I mean he
has a history of saying incredibly
despicable things to women time and time
again if anything there are members of
his base that love this kind of stuff
and they think that he's a strong person
because he continuously insults people
without caring about the ramifications
but you know the only people who are
really concerned and really put off by
this are people who aren't gonna vote
for him anyway and so again this whole
situation is so incredibly disappointing
and discouraging because I think it says
a lot about where we are as a society
right I think people pretended like they
were civil but no we're not civil we're
freaking animals and we treat each other
like crap and I don't care where you are
in your political ideology we all need
to take a step back and really rethink
the way that we're communicating with
one another this is disgusting now let's
hear from but just just to say that was
great I mean really that is it because I
love that you took it from the specific
to the general and then I'll stop but
Twitter
oddly has fed what Anna's talking about
so here's my little comments have ended
up in this machine of hate and this
machine of division and so you really
see it played out the cyberbullying you
see it played out every day and so many
tweets across the board so in a way
Donald Trump is feeding that machine
through and Twitter is just a symptom of
what Anna's talking about which is that
the society has become so divisive in
its in its dialog that nothing is too
personal and nothing is too rude yeah
absolutely
by the way mica did have a response to
it she tweeted she and tweet to him but
she tweeted
I saw it earlier but I love which is
pretty funny um and so I bring that up
only because nothing gets under his skin
more than insults about his hands and
that's another thing like just I want I
want a president who doesn't have such
thin skin man like he gets insulted so
easily and he gets up in arms and he
loses his temper and he goes on Twitter
and he's like oh how dare you talk about
the size of my hands
I have gigantic hands anyway well this
guy held a cabinet meeting specifically
to be dedicated to at least the first
five minutes of it complimenting him on
the job he's doing right and and how
grateful you are to be around him I mean
he needs not only not to be insulted but
needs he needs people ingratiating
themselves to him constantly and Ben
Sasse the Republican who has just been
at his throat since day one you know
that his credit he's the probably the
most consistent Republican against Trump
he's got to be that please just stop
this isn't normal and it's beneath the
dignity of your office which clearly it
is and it be great if more people with
jobs that like Ben Sasse has said the
same thing so some Republicans did come
out and say that they were not in favor
of the inappropriate language that Trump
is using on social media however they
still support him one of those lawmakers
is of course Paul Ryan let's hear from
him you have been critical of the
president and he has you know made some
comments that you have felt well one or
these comments are the larger this
morning's tweet yeah I just saw a little
bit ago obviously I don't see that as an
appropriate comment I think look what
we're trying to do around here is
improve the tone and the civility of the
debate and this obviously doesn't help
do that I mean Michael look I I loathe
Paul Ryan so I'm but pleased that I must
offer that disclaimer but when you're
just saying you know we need more of
what politicians stop short of saying it
in I don't know what the guy if I'm Paul
Ryan I mean even as Mark Thompson is
Paul Ryan I think I say probably the
same thing if I'm if my political future
is wedded to that guy yeah I don't know
I think if you're Tip O'Neill or your
Jim Wright you say the presidents
stop doing this right you say that
publicly to the public Tip O'Neill would
have said that public
I just think politically you don't gain
anything this car is not gonna change
you're the Speaker of the House right I
mean listen it's not just ideal
pie-in-the-sky stuff
this is basic politics I think you do
get somewhere with that this is a guy
who was belittled by Donald Trump
himself Paul Ryan and yes they are
talking about civility they are talking
about guys are a bunch of spineless
a-holes
their colleague his member of his
leadership team was shot and almost
killed on a baseball field they're
talking about civility this is happening
in the middle of discourses about
civility yes so they have to be more
critical of it than they otherwise would
be yeah and look I I criticized you know
the rhetoric that's being used on both
sides although I would argue that you
know the the violent rhetoric is you
know more common on on the right but
look it's just incredible because that
shooting happened it was tragic and
disgusting and it made me take a step
back and think about my own rhetoric and
I want to make sure that I do my job
responsibly and that kind of you know
thought process seems to only happen on
the left it's the same standard that
should be you know expected from the
right as well so you can't be using
rhetoric that you know demonizes people
just because they insulted the size of
your hands you know you should you
should stand up be a leader I think Paul
Ryan here's an opportunity to be a
leader and do more than just say like oh
yeah that was inappropriate I'm not in
favor of it but I still support the
president okay let's move on let's talk
about something else right because
that's what we get from them time and
time again of course and I think that's
what we'll get from them til the end of
time at the end of Trump time but I
think when you're when you're called
upon by your party which is the way they
see themselves to a higher goal sort of
an ends justifies the means kind of
approach to politics
there's just no percentage in taking
your criticism of the president any
further you know he's not going to
change a Paul Ryan knows that whatever
he says is not going to change anything
but it doesn't matter they have to have
some balls about this they have to be
able you're not gonna change Donald
Trump that's fine but change the way
that you're perceived and
and and real and and and bind together
to you know stop being like as they have
been bind together and go at the
president not because you're gonna
change him but because you're gonna
change the way you are perceived yes of
course I agree but I would say you're
asking from these guys who've
demonstrated clearly that they're not
capable of that move I mean they are
sleeping with the serpent and they're
okay with it you're asking them to do
something that they are just incapable
of doing what do you get for young turks
membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm /join
