Donald Trump claimed to really care
about the opioid epidemic when he was
campaigning in fact on several different
occasions he brought up the issue and
said that he was going to look out for
the American people and ensure that we
had a system in place to take care of
them let's take a look at a fun little
montage that the Washington Post put
together of all of these different
examples drug abuse has become a
crippling problem throughout the United
States drug overdoses are now the
leading cause of accidental death in our
country and opioid overdose deaths have
nearly quadrupled since 1999 this is a
total epidemic we will fight to increase
access to life-saving treatment to
battle the addiction to drugs which is
afflicting our nation like never ever
before we're going to be ruthless in
that fight we have no choice the heroin
is really tough because they say once
you get hooked it's really tough in all
fairness to your son it's a tough thing
some very very strong people have not
been able to get off it so we have to
work with people to get off it and we're
gonna battle it in two fronts we're
going to do the clinics we're gonna work
it so they can do the clinics and do
them locally so they're locally based
and run that's not so different than the
education we wanted locally based and
run in the meantime people are hooked
and I don't know what it is with heroin
but it just seems to be a really tough
one to get away from but it can't be
done and we're gonna take care of the
people so it's interesting that he
claimed that he cared so much about the
issue because as the Senate was drafting
its replacement plan for Obama cares
repeal they of course cut a ton of
funding that would go toward helping
those who are addicted to prescription
painkillers or heroin now as a result
there were some more moderate
Republicans in the Senate that said that
they would vote against it because their
own constituents are really suffering as
a result of the opioid epidemic so what
is the response to that well it turns
out that those on the far right are
trying to sweeten the deal for moderate
Republicans by increasing funding for
opioid victims right
but the way that it's going down should
have you concerned so addiction experts
and others across the political spectrum
say that boosting the current bills two
billion dollars for substance abuse
services is like applying a band-aid to
a shotgun wound it's complex lifelong
medical problem that requires regular
health care now they're planning on
increasing that two billion dollars by
an additional forty five billion dollars
and again it's not because they're
genuinely concerned about looking out
for Americans who are dealing with this
addiction they just want to make sure
that moderate Republicans sign on to
this but even moderate Republicans are
kind of rolling their eyes and saying
this isn't enough in fact John Kasich
says that's like spitting in the ocean
also West Virginia Republican senator
Shelley Moore Capito says are also along
with Senator Rob Portman said Wednesday
that money would have to be paired with
more generous Medicaid provisions to get
her support now you guys know that
Senate Republicans want to cut Medicaid
the Senate bill would make seven hundred
seventy two billion dollars in cuts to
Medicaid over ten years including the
rollback of federal government's of the
federal government's funding of
Obamacare's expanded Medicaid
eligibility through which an estimated
1.3 million people have gotten mental
health care and substance abuse coverage
so it's not just about having some sort
of slush fund it's about having a
comprehensive strategy and plan in place
in order to take care of these
individuals exactly you can't just throw
money at this you have to have some kind
of it's a real policy and and I love
that word strategy that's exactly what
you need you need to be tactical about
where that money's spent and how it's
spent and this is just a buy off front
in a way it's a by often especially when
you listen to the senators that are
talking about capita and Portman both
senators are they're not certain how
they're gonna vote yet on the revised
HEA coming out of the Senate hearing
them sort of criticized this John Kasich
who spent the entirety of his campaign
he had a New Hampshire centric campaign
they spent the entirety of that campaign
talking about opioid addiction and the
problem in that state Maggie Hassan who
is the senator from former governor and
senator from from New Hampshire saying
you know listen if you're gonna come
into the state to do that it's a drop in
the bucket because if you don't have an
integrated health care network to take
care of these people it doesn't matter
and it goes to what Anna was saying
about the band-aid on the on the what
was it the gunshot wounds right I was
gonna go with sharkbite but my anti-gun
thing I won't even talk about but but
and so it's it's embarrassing and it's
embarrassing too and this point has to
be made for senators who fall for it so
if the White House thinks that they're
going to get somewhere with this that
then you're a fool if you're a senator
and you buy into this crap because
there's no way that this is going to be
implemented as just money if there's no
network like senator hasn't said so I
think that's really I mean you could
listen to the White House say whatever
they want you can listen to to what the
senators who are crafting this are
saying but you are a foolish senator if
you fall for this if this changes your
vote and hopefully capital important
don't because of this well if you really
care about the opioid epidemic I mean
it's you always there's a lot of
politics being played in Washington now
and there's not a lot of concern for
these issues in any kind of real
substantive way I love that you
mentioned that because I think for some
of the more moderate Republicans I don't
know if they're genuinely moderate
because of their principles and what
they believe politically or if they're
moderate because of their constituents
right and so I think the most powerful
thing that's come out of this story is
the incredible impact that these
constituents have had and I know that
capito was you know confronted by a
woman who you know wants to protect the
Affordable Care Act and and also talked
about you know her terminally ill
daughter and and how important the
Affordable Care Act is to her and so
voicing your concerns does move some of
these politicians and does somehow
miraculously convince them that hey
maybe not listening to your donors for a
second and actually listening to the
people who vote for you
matters so what I'm concerned about is
whether or not it's gonna be a political
calculation by these moderate
Republicans right because if they go
ahead and say to their constituents hey
but we we fought we got that extra forty
five billion to take care of you guys
who knows some might be fooled by that
some of the constituents might be
tricked into thinking that's good enough
but make no mistake it's not good enough
you do need a comprehensive strategy
which by the way no one talks about this
at all either neither the Republicans or
the Democrats talk about this but you
also need to do something to regulate
pharmaceutical companies and ensure that
they can't you know encourage or
persuade doctors to over prescribe
highly addictive drugs and that's you
know a big part of why this is all
happening yeah these are prescription
medications and and you're absolutely
right and by now there's been plenty
written and plenty of displayed in
documentary of one sort or another about
how the medical industry is helping to
support the opioid epidemic I keep
wanting to say academic but yeah epic
the epidemics and involving opioids are
fed through that whole pharmaceutical
medical industry so yeah there's a
decoding this is not hard but I think
defanging it is much harder it's a it's
a big problem that is as you say in need
of a strategy not just money and there
aren't a lot of I'm sorry moderate
Republicans let's not get carried away
here these are not necessarily moderate
people and you know with the exception
of Susan Collins and I think you should
moderate if your constituents are more
moderate but certainly as a congressman
but but as a senator - I think you
should because that's what you're it's
not as representative and I know you're
there to sort of be who you are but but
with the exception of Susan Collins
there's no bite in any of these bars I
mean Kappa toes father was arch Moore
who was a Republican governor of West
Virginia who was sort of ahead of his
time as a Republican and talking about
health care but he was still I mean he
wasn't right there her pedigree is not
moderate her pedigree is is very
different than that so the fact that
she's coming around on this doesn't make
her a moderate just moderating on this
issue which I think it's really
important to right distinguish right
you're right about that
by the way I just want to end this story
with a quick comment from an unnamed
White House official who spoke to Axios
and said the following think we're going
to pass this I really think they'll
bribe off the moderates with opioid
money and then actually move policy to
shore up Mike Lee and Ted Cruz I just
thought that the wording there was
fascinating and I wanted to make sure
that you guys heard it
you don't like ads I hear your brother
you know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks become a notorious member
and get all the content ad-free TYT
Network comm /join
