one of the members just had asked Edie
what's the race you're most interested
in 2018 so I remember that question and
I was looking through the just Democrats
and there's so many guys that I would
love to have win and it would be so
important the two that stick out to me
the maybe the most are because they're
in the middle of the country and they
have difficult races and that's why it
would be bigger impact and that's car
Eastman and Nebraska and James Thompson
and Kansas but a more competent jar
winning in 50th district of California
the doctor in Hunter junior race would
be amazing Jamie's school crafted
Missouri in the seventh district I love
the Texas women we have the Liberty Bell
Adrian Bell Lindsey Fagan Vanessa I mean
I can go on and on Christine Hollis
would be the first transgender governor
in the country yeah that would be
amazing Randi Bryce would take Paul
Ryan's seat that would be awesome
so I like that Randy is out retweeting
some of my more controversial tweets
yeah his his Twitter is not as
restrained as a lot of that's right that
I really said yeah it's interesting
anyway it good which is a good sign that
means you're aggressive strong fighting
back at cetera right so those are all
big big races but at the end of the day
it just can't get bigger than Ted Cruz
losing no no it just can't and so no
it's a Senate seat and just it would
like there's there's the policy stuff
that's happened which is obviously
that's the most important part but
there's the stuff that just kind of
bothers you about how people have acted
what they've been rewarded for and we
are so tilted off our axis this would
help to write it just a little bit
that's right that's right
on the go don't worry we got you covered
if you still listen to T YT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
