a new cyber attack hit Ukraine and
unfortunately has now spread
internationally disabling certain
businesses and making it incredibly
difficult for some individuals to even
access their own money at ATMs now if
you can remember earlier this year there
was an attack that was known to everyone
as the wanna cry attacks right and so
individuals were unsure who or who these
people include essentially hacked into
people's computers encrypted their data
and then through ransomware were able to
convince some individuals to pay up in
order to reiax s their data
well something similar is happening now
it's a series of attacks making use of
dozens of hacking tools that were stolen
from the NSA National Security Agency
and leaked online in April by a group
called the shadow brokers what's crazy
about this is yeah they use methods that
were used by the NSA and so as soon as
those methods were made public and
leaked to the public
hackers started utilizing them for their
own personal gain so like the wanna cry
attacks in May the latest global hacking
took control of computers and demanded
digital ransom from their owners to
regain access so this impacted a number
of different things including ATMs
postal services also railway companies
so here is a quick report kind of
outlining more of the damage that's been
done so far one is spreading around
among today's targets pharmaceutical
maker Merck the world's largest
container shipping company Maersk even
the Chernobyl nuclear plant switch to
manual monitoring to protect against
attack this is a highly profitable
business you know we have to remember
that organized cybercrime totals up to
almost 445 billion dollars on an annual
basis US government security experts say
this attack called petia is similar to
last month's one a cry attack that was
based on hacking method used by the NSA
then released by hackers exploiting
vulnerabilities in the Windows operating
system encrypting data
and holding it all for ransom so they
hold it for ransom and they ask for
bitcoins and it's kind of incredible
because in some cases they ask for as
little as $300 worth of Bitcoin yeah
it's not incredible that's gonna lead to
two of my theories on what actually
happened here okay oh yes so first of
all is Pat yep means a little Peter in
in Russian this is unfortunate so people
are wondering is this is it relevant
that it was Ukraine that was attacked
and it was right around there
Independence Day from the Soviet Union
it's not an open question like it could
have been political of course of course
it's bullying ago right now there's one
of two options here either the Russians
in it 2 against Ukraine or someone
wanted you to think the Russians did it
but it is not a quick there's not a
coincidence large enough where petia
attacks the Ukraine around from when
they got there celebration of
independence from the Soviet Union that
is not a coincidence so but again it
doesn't mean that it is the Russians it
could be someone trying to throw you off
the scent by pretending to be Russian
right and a bunch of Russian companies
did get hit so it's really hard to
decipher including the worst NEFT
their largest energy company I don't
look I don't know if it's the Russians I
don't know who it is and basically any
type of commentary on who it is a
speculation right we're clear on that
however I think it would be incredibly
dumb for the Russians to call this petia
attack Ukraine first like it could just
be a way of attempting to frame the
Russians no that's exactly what I'm
saying
so and I know but I of course I don't
know which one of those two it is but it
is one of those two which then leads to
the other part when you mention the bid
corners and the rants was that you're
asking for too little money this is if
these were this level of sophistication
and being able to take down the the web
presence of some of the largest
companies and governments in the world
and you're getting like a nickel and a
dime the last time when they didn't want
to cry it wasn't that big a hit it was a
big hit and what it affected in terms of
how much money they got it was very
little same time this time it seems like
it's
you do a hit on someone and you go okay
we don't want this to look like a
political hit so let's take his wallet
so they'll call it a robbery you see
what I'm saying and both of them have
the feel of something like where they're
just beta-testing like they're did just
the first one was out for the second
what's the beta uh-oh what's coming next
right and I think I think what concerns
me the most is look it this sounds like
an incredibly sophisticated cyberattack
but really it comes down to phishing
which you know has happened prior to the
NSA's strategies being leaked to the
public and it's just so incredibly easy
for any company to be targeted and also
fall victim to this method because there
has to be at least one person within
that company who unfortunately will
click on the link in that phishing email
and then that will compromise the entire
you know that the servers within that
company and that's what's happening time
and time again someone because of this
spear phishing method someone within the
company will open a questionable email
and by the way look the onus is not on
employees at companies to you know act a
certain way the onus is on you know
cybersecurity firms and you know to some
extent governments to make sure that
they have certain safeguards in place to
prevent things like this from happening
and of course you know make sure that
you update your software there are
software updates available both for
Windows and also for Apple products but
ok so yeah no I'm sorry because I
haven't even gotten to my speculation
yet ok so those two first pieces are I
think fairly clear now let's get into
fun speculation hey so that was reading
the story I was like what if there's
something wrong with the software used
to fix all this but and they already
know it so they do one attack and
everybody rushes in everybody uses the
software to fix it they do a second
attack everybody uses the software to
fix it and then they unleash the virus
in the software I don't know ok I have
no idea yeah
I'm just saying you talk about evolution
okay listen all I know is this isn't the
real deal there's a red wedding in our
future so these these are because this
shows you what they can do but yet they
have not unleashed it in a pandamonium
way that they could infecting everyone
and pet yet by the way does not have a
kill switch want to cry had a kill
switch right so now the Cuse kill switch
is gone and this thing could be totally
utterly out of control and but we don't
know what the objective is okay now last
piece of now again this is in the bucket
of speculation okay as Bush you say
speculation what if it's an essay what
so the NSA stuff got stolen which by the
way thanks NSA we really appreciate it
but if you wanted to look into Ross
Neffs records you might call something
Petya do an attack against the Ukraine
and do it against a bunch of other
companies while you go ahead a Russian
energy company and a couple other
Russian companies and get the info that
you needed while pretending to hold them
up for ransom in other words we have no
idea who did this yeah we don't so we'll
see how it plays out but in the meantime
please save all of your important data
onto a hard drive separate from you know
your computer's hard drive obviously
that way no one can hold your
information for ransom by the way it's
obviously a lot more difficult if you
work at a company but any type of
sensitive data I mean I would even
delete it from my email delete it from
your email save it onto your hard drive
just protect yourself as much as you
possibly can
and and I would add then demand ends and
it's it's soon not going to be funny so
this is my last I mean this is already
impacted hospitals and and that's a
disaster right they're unable to do
procedures that they need to do because
of the fact that they're you know
computer systems have been compromised
yeah but on the other hand they can't
measure the radio
coming out of tree noble you don't like
ads I hear you brother you know how you
could avoid ads for the Young Turks
because when young turks member and get
all the content ad free tea white tea
network.com slash join
