Donald Trump claims that he is not in
favor of fake news he's ranting and
raving about it constantly which is why
it's curious that he decided to post
fake Time magazine covers of himself in
five of his golf resorts now this Time
magazine cover is allegedly from March
of 2009 it apparently has a photo of him
that looks like you know he is like the
most powerful man in the world keep in
mind he is right now but back in 2009 he
wasn't to be fair and it says Donald
Trump The Apprentice is a television
smash ok so you see it again it's fake
The Washington Post I don't know how
they investigated this or how they were
tipped to this story but they did look
into it and they found out that it
wasn't a real cover and it was in as
many as 5 of his golf resorts now Time
magazine has contacted Trump and asked
him to take it down since it is a fake
cover and just in case you're curious as
to what the cover was the actual cover
was in March 2009 it was of my personal
hero Kate Winslet okay so here's the
thing when I first saw the headline on
this I thought we wouldn't cover it on
TYT because I thought that well look
some people do that right like it's like
you go to the mall yeah and you get like
a fake Time magazine cover or whatever
and it's like a cutesy thing there's
plenty of real things that criticize
Donald Trump about but what I didn't
realize is that he was serious that they
took headlines from the real time
magazine and put it as sub headlines
there so there was a story about Obama
Obama's next move can he curb health
care costs so it wasn't a joke it wasn't
a thing he got at the mall like he was
trying trying to actually just see
people into thinking that Time magazine
did this amazing cover on him and the
other thing that was written across the
top of the fake Time magazine is Trump
is hitting on all fronts even TV okay so
he's trying to pump up his ratings for
Apprentice at the time so he puts us all
including at mar-a-lago which he now
calls the winter white house yeah but
you keep all presses in there
all the time take down the fake Time
magazine do you know how many times
Donald Trump has been on the cover of
Time magazine 14 that's why I was like
what why didn't he just put up a real
one because the real ones weren't as
flattering as he wanted so here good
it's so good and by the way Jake when
people do like those joke things like
you go to Magic Mountain and you like
you know you find someone who does a
caricature of you or does a fake
magazine cover of you whatever you have
that one joke thing and you know I think
they're cheesy but you might frame it
and put it in your house you're not
gonna put it in five of your businesses
right and so like the fact that it was
in five different businesses told me no
no he didn't see this as a joke he
wasn't poking fun at himself besides
which when his Trump ever poked fun at
himself when has he ever been you know
insulting to himself or deprecating
exact never never never
okay it's just he's crazy so but it goes
to a really important point which is
these guys their number one go-to moving
we've been telling this forever on The
Young Turks with conservatives is
projection so whatever they do they
accuse their opponents of so remember
Trump's guys or whoever wanted to help
Trump before the election are the ones
who did the fake news they did all those
fake news websites and they done of them
were in favor of Hillary Clinton they
were all in favor of Donald Trump that's
a fact you could look it up that Donald
Trump has been pretending to be his own
press spokesperson for years and years
disguising himself as John Miller or
John Baron and and he has these fake
news covers of Time magazine all over
his businesses he's the king of fake
news and then he turns around and uses
it as a bludgeon so it's a win-win for
him he gets to use the fake news and
then he accuses his opponent of it
making it seem like oh what right now if
you ask people all conservers with our
country who's fake news I'll tell you
what all of them would answer CNN right
so Trump got to use the fake news
smeared is what he views to be his
opponents with it and then when he
reuses it nobody knows what's real and
what's fake it's a triple win so
please when you here for the for the
Trump administration talking about fake
news spare me spare me they don't mean
it at all they know that they're the
ones who invented fake news
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we've
built the studio we built this network
it's now number one all thanks to you
guys let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network comm /join
