I do have a number of different in my
mind interesting poll results that I've
seen over the past couple of hours so
the first one I make no guarantee that
you'll care about any of this but the
New York Times is posting the results of
a poll in California's 48th
congressional district you're not
Michael Shore but do you know which
district that is it's in Southern
California you know who the current
incumbent is there is it Rohrbacher
it is Rohrbacher that is not bad so I
might not be a big senior I might not be
epic Junior okay Dana Becker has made
news over the past few months for some
weird international stuff right now
harley Ruda the businessman on the
Democratic side going against him the
poll has 10 percent undecided
Rohrabacher at 45 below that crucial 50
percent point harley ruda at 45 Oh hide
with Rohrbacher
more Bakker so good guys so that's
obviously general election that's coming
up and and it's coming up like in less
than two months so like now a little bit
panicked so there's a couple things that
are going on of no one of course you got
the wave coming we've talked a lot about
that but - in Southern California the
the political dynamics are changing
drastically there that's why Daryl I so
ran for the hills in the 49th District
and he's not even in that race anymore
and that we had a lot of good
progressives in that race and there was
one that was just Democrats Colonel
Applegate if you remember him he wound
up losing but a progressive backed by
Pietra will see another wonderful
organization won that race and I think
likely to very likely take to take Isis
see it in the 49th good and then in 50th
which still remains very Republican but
that's not good hunter juniors seat and
he's running as a markup in a jar who
was an excellent candidate he's awesome
yes so now even the 50th is endangered
so I mean if you follow politics closely
Southern California as two reporters and
Michael sure does you will know that
those districts are yes
I mean crimson red its hunt for red
November okay but right now the
Republicans are hunting in Southern
California because la is very very blue
obviously but once you start going
towards San Diego then it gets very
Orange County and San Diego gets red and
so to potentially lose Rohrbacher eisah
and hunter seat in the same election
that would be massive that would be a
red wedding hmm
it certainly doesn't hurt that
apparently Duncan Hunter junior has been
doing a Brewster's billions with his
campaign fund on shorts and steaks and
stuff and apparently has multiple
mistresses honestly I never I've never
understood that you're a congressman how
much time do you have no all the time in
the world are you Frazee oh he's married
there's multiple mistresses
no no they look I so now having read way
too much about Duncan Hunter juniors
life because of that corruption case he
it's a it's one of Jerry's pet peeves
where Congress barely works at all
they'll have to do almost nothing there
on vacation more than fifty percent of
the time but beyond that even when
they're in Washington they hardly ever
have to work and sometimes they have to
be called in at night for a boat and my
god the fucking crying that they do like
missus so in that you're making this job
sound kind of good actually yeah I know
right but not the mistress part me no no
no no of course sounds good now a junior
apparently is in this club that is a
kind of an exclusive club a lot of
congressmen are in it it's right next to
the Capitol and they just sit there and
drink all day this sit on the porch and
they go vote and then go back to the
port just keep drinking okay now he
might actually have a drinking issue
that's money that's a separate thing but
yeah he's in Washington drinking and
having sex with his mistresses non-stop
spending your money campaign money on
his own personal life right
so I mean look is his wife turning on
him take take take take remember he
threw her under the bus immediately said
it wasn't me who's hair fault right yeah
you should go ask her who says that
about their wife when they get caught
together and indicted together right
it's a Republican correct answer Edwin
correct answer okay like if they
actually stuck together it'd be very
hard to get get them to testify against
one another because of laws that where
you can't compel testimony in a marriage
but instead they immediate like hey
there's about what stick to London
though there was another bus right Nate
drives off her and mistresses out the
back the trip of all the cars following
it so yeah yeah yeah he's in trouble so
but with the one great thing that we got
out of this night at a bare minimum is
perhaps the new master graphic for
election night in November loo wave red
wedding the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more Tea Party content at TYT com /
app
