the passage of the Senate health care
bill is still very much up in the air
it's been postponed as you know from
watching a show but right now Donald
Trump is stepping in and some people
some of his supporters believe that he
could be an important part of brokering
some kind of deal he certainly seems to
have a lot of confidence in his
deal-making abilities and yet in this
video we're gonna break down some of the
reasons where he why he might not be
much use for them first we have some
video from today's roundtable here
you're gonna see Trump talking about the
possible passage of this bill and I want
you to evaluate as you listen to this
how confident he sounds in order to try
yourself the problem so I invited all of
you and I think we have either 52 out of
52 or 50 and a 52 and John either one is
pretty good I think as a percentage so
willing to talk and we're going to see
what we can do we're getting very close
but for the country we have to have
health care and it can't be Obamacare
which is melting down the other side is
saying all sorts of things before they
even knew what the bill was this will be
great if we get it done and if we don't
get it done it's just going to be
something that we're not gonna like and
that's okay and I understand them very
well we're thinking it done or we're not
and then we won't like that well it
seems this confuses a camera man my
supposed to be on and so there he said
that it just can't be Obamacare it's
melting down in another portion he said
it's it's dying it's dead it would die
later today if we didn't stop it from
dying and he said once again he said I
think I think we're either gonna get
very close or maybe we can pass it and I
know that I'm hyper critical of him but
when he says I think we're gonna get
very close I don't he doesn't seem to
understand that that means it wouldn't
become law like he thinks that that like
you get most of it if you get very close
no you get none of it you got nothing
you lose yeah so there is another
stunning part of this get together it's
actually two more but it along this
theme of how little Trump knows this is
amazing
look even if you're a trump supporter
and I think I work the your
beginning in a sense I saw him on TV
there at this thing right and there was
no volume on and I can't like you always
think like what would a person in the
middle of Kansas thing right and I think
that even the guy in the middle of
Kansas looking at that TV going oh no
what's he saying now right so in the
middle of that meeting I'll tell you the
Republicans explain to them about the
the tax break for the wealthy and how
you know opponents of the bill are
beating up beating them up on it saying
hey this is just a giant tax cut for the
rich and Trump doesn't understand it
that's a a a huge part of the bill that
anybody would concede it your Republican
doesn't matter it's of course a huge
part of the bill I think it is the whole
point of the why there it have been
attacking Obamacare all along can't wait
to repeal it certainly a lot of the
Republican donors feel that way and they
made that very clear
Trump then responds oh no we're gonna do
tax reform later we're talking about
health care now no they're like no wait
we're talking about the tax cuts in
health care reform and he just doesn't
understand it yeah so that solves a
couple of things for you guys he is no
how they used to say about Obama the
Obama supporters they say oh he's
playing three-dimensional chess and you
simpletons can't understand it
Trump is not even playing one
dimensional chess like there's some
theories like oh he sent that tweet as a
distraction as a diss is that as but as
a strategy to do X or what there's no
strategy on anything he doesn't
understand the most fundamental parts of
giant bills that his presidency hinges
on yeah he said that he would get rid of
Obamacare and he would replace it with
this magical thing that lowered your
rates but gave you better health
insurance and covered everybody while
saving it the country went like there's
no such thing obviously exists and this
certainly isn't it but he doesn't even
know what's in this bill so the other
Republicans are made uncomfortable in
the meeting they're like oh my oh my god
he doesn't know anything he doesn't know
anything well look he could no sit the
only way that he's going to learn the
details of this legislation as if John
Oliver runs another ad during Fox and
Friends
because honestly like we know he watches
hours of TV it's complex to understand
me week we spent I mean we talk about
this bill every day but we spent one day
in particular as soon as the Senate bill
came out breaking down the major you
know stipulations of it and that's
that's compressing so much information
from so many different sources to try to
sketch out the broad strokes of it
he's not even getting to those broad
strokes let alone the specifics and so
he's simultaneously applauding this bill
that he's demonstrated no understanding
of that's very similar to the House bill
that he celebrated when it passed but
then started attacking as being
heartless and too cruel and needed major
changes and is saying that he's
massively engaged on the passage of this
one while at the same time providing no
evidence that he understands what what
is in it and saying that if it doesn't
pass that will be okay so if you if
you're a Republican senator right now
and theoretically you're thinking okay
man if we don't pass this that could be
bad for me if we do pass that I could
lose my re-election fight and then
you're looking to that bozo as your big
powerful ally I would have no confidence
whatsoever and so when he does these
meetings that has got to be hurting
their efforts here's another quote from
the New York Times when asked by
reporters clustered on the blacktop
outside of the West Wing if mr. Trump
had command of the details of the
negotiations mr. McConnell ignored the
question and smiled blandly
and of course he doesn't have command of
the details we're talking about details
now you know the biggest part of the
bill and and so John good point I mean
it's harder to rally political allies to
your side if those political allies have
no confidence that you even understood
what you rallied people to and hence
what are the consequences of that and if
I cross you will you even remember it if
I support you will you remember it or
will you lie about it the next day you
know this or in the case I mean look he
was really happy about the House bill
supposedly and then he started attacking
it so if you're a Republican senator you
have to consider the possibility that if
you wager your career on this bill that
in the midterms he might attack you for
it no
you know we used to say like then he's a
third grade it's like talking to a third
grader because that's the level of
language that he uses as according to
actual analysis but it's actually I've
got a lowered all the way down on a
three-year-old because I can talk to a
third grader and have him understand
things and we can go back and forth no
problem it's like talking to his
three-year-old and like do we have a
deal and then the other thing yeah
that's a good point
it is okay so then along these lines he
he sends his pack to attack Dean Heller
yeah so who is the Republican senator
from Nevada who is among the vulnerable
Republican senators and as they started
attacking Mitch McConnell kids irate
over it he calls the White House and
says that move is quote beyond stupid
yeah then he smiled blandly so then
they're like oh oh we're not supposed to
attack that Senator okay
and then they reel it back in by the way
meanwhile pretty much black completely
admitting that they are not an
independent expenditure yeah I was just
thinking that like everybody
acknowledges that they contacted Donald
Trump Donald Trump okayed going after
Heller with this multi-million dollar ad
buy when they're they're not supposed to
be able to to that like how is this
operating so I mean not that he's going
to investigate or the Republicans in the
center house or go investigate but it
has become even more blatant and out
there than it was before yeah but that
the super PACs or any PAC coordinated
with a candidate where super PAC
coordinated with a candidate is against
the law right so they said no no it's
okay though because it's an independent
expenditure we're not coordinating we're
totally independent that's why it says
independent expenditure quote from the
New York Times the move against mr.
Heller had the blessing of the White
House according to an official with
America first yeah that's the pack say
yeah we call the White House we
coordinated with them they told us to
attack that senator why are they how is
that not an immediate investigation I
don't know he's also holding a
fundraiser for his campaign at one of
his hotels I believe in the next couple
days
so his campaign will make money Shore
but his hotel will also make money so he
gets to come in and going but I'm glad
that we pointed out the hell're thing
because you really you have two areas of
Trump here you have the area where he's
not helping them and doesn't understand
what's going on and won't be able to to
help facilitate a deal because look if
he doesn't understand what's in the bill
he is not going to understand what
Heller needs in the bill or what Susan
Colin needs or Rand Paul or Ted Cruz
often needs that work at cross-purposes
he's not going to get all of that but
that's one thing it's another thing to
then specifically start targeting
vulnerable Republicans almost on day one
over this bill potentially pissing them
off and losing their support as well so
now you might do that if you have a
twist arms but I think what McConnell
was saying to him is hey Donnie boy
we're gonna let a couple of the
vulnerable Republicans vote against the
bill like very likely Susan Collins and
Dean Heller so that they could pretend
to be against the bill so they could win
their election but meanwhile we pass it
anyway that is a very common political
move but try explaining that to a
three-year-old yeah so when he goes okay
now googoo then gaga okay google gaga
okay when do I get juice deal yeah
Young Turks now has over six billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger than CNN ABC
you name a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
/join
