Donald Trump was on a phone call with
the new prime minister of Ireland when
something caught his eye Katrina Perry
which is a nice smile on her face so I
bet she treats you anyway uh this is
this is uh Katrina Perry she is uh we're
gonna show you the picture a reporter
with RTE for a number of years was just
trying to leave the room when she was
pulled aside by him she tweeted video of
the bizarre moment when President Donald
Trump called me over during his call
with a leader there and I love that she
also added him on that and by the way so
that was what she posted on Twitter if
we can bring up the Instagram which I
believe she took down one of the more
bizarre moments being called over in the
middle with a hashtag this job hashtag
this town hashtag there is no hashtag
which says a lot yes hashtag sometimes
do okay so you you get on the thing I
really want to talk about her Instagram
account seriously I don't know why she
took that down I hope to god that
they're not out there being like oh now
let's not insult the president just
because he pulled you over to stare at
you in front of the world and he's a
weird creep
well let's not imply that in any way
shape or form that's true I mean there's
also the chance that immediately after
posting that and once it started to
spread she got about 1,000 rape threats
from Donald Trump supporters that's also
entirely true the Internet none of those
scenarios are good scenarios okay and
and then I just want to commend her on
hashtag there is no hashtag that is
that's awesome and I do mean is more
yeah in fact it could come here I want
to I want to tell you how good that
hashtag
could you imagine that's the President
of the United States man now I know
where you said presidents do much worse
behind the scenes okay but you're like
he's such a child the cameras are
everywhere you're calling her over
because he thinks it's charming yeah he
called he said you have a beauty
full Irish press who's what dad what and
she is a really nice smile she must
treat you well I don't even know what
that's supposed to mean
but I know so some people Kayleigh Mac
Delaney or whatever name is she's one of
those on CNN or MSNBC it's all the same
thing that's paid to come out and defend
Trump on whatever he says or does was
like why are you guys claiming this is
sexism
he's just charming just likes talking to
people but here's the thing Donald Trump
is not some unknown quantity we know a
lot about him so if you're if you're
that reporter and you can't tell but I'm
pointing at a picture ever if you're
that reporter and you see him you know
that he's the grab them by the pussy guy
oh you know all of the things he's said
about women the accusations of sexual
harassment sexual assault the comments
about his daughter you know all of that
and Donald Trump you know that she knows
all of that and so you call her over and
talk about her beautiful smile
whether you think you're a creep and
nobody thinks they're a creep you need
to understand that people think you're a
creep and you're being creepy
well that's the thing as usual not that
bright so even if you thought oh man I'd
love to hit on her and look nobody's
policing anybody's thoughts
okay people will have their thoughts
there's no way around that but if you've
already gotten into a lot of political
trouble over statements like that you'd
think you'd be savvy enough to say hey
let me not call that woman over because
I because I think she's hot yeah like
that's probably not a smart political
move to do besides switch what am I
gonna do ask her out on a date in the
middle of a call with the Irish Prime
Minister and look the part of the those
tapes that are underrated if you can if
anything in that those days was
underrated is when he said oh I don't I
try to I hit on her anyway even though I
know she's married I try to get her to
sleep with me and I even bought her
furniture but it didn't work like that's
the kind of classless guy yet we've all
been there right I don't even know why I
go to Ikea anymore you run into her girl
tamal does that still happen how'd you
like a nightstand I will buy you
a couch so anyway she of course was a
little freaked out by it as well she
should have and now we're all freaked
out by exactly what do you get for Young
Turks membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm /join
