a vendor on Amazon is catching a little
heat after the ad that they placed on
the website features a photo that
unfortunately seems a little insulting
toward those who are considered
plus-sized now arrived guide is the name
of the vendor they don't seem to have
their own website and it's very
difficult to find any type of management
to contact however they do sell
activewear for all types of women
regardless of your body shape and so
here is a photo for the plus-sized
leggings that they sell and women came
across this and they're like a little
unnecessary no it's totally insulting I
mean you're trying to sell this product
and basically you're saying you're so
large I could fit two of these models
into the leggings that I'm selling you I
mean that come on dude and they couldn't
find one actual human being to fit in
the leggings they see this is what
drives people like me crazy about the
fashion industry like they they're
unbearable and they think they're so
holier-than-thou like I'm better than
other people and then they're like oh
what are we going to sell to the regular
people who you know are not incredibly
skinny like us and glamorous in one of
the legs what I don't understand is look
well like why why did they need to go
the extra mile to be insulting
especially because they're trying to
sell a product right let's not forget
what their intention their true
intentions are their true intentions are
we have this product we want to sell
this product you don't sell a product by
insulting the demographic that you're
attempting to sell it to so it was a
weird business decision but aside from
that you know for people who are like oh
what's the big deal why are people so
offended okay well if you want to
encourage people to have an active
lifestyle to go out there and you know
take charge of their health you don't do
it by shaming them you don't do it by
insulting them right if anything that
makes them feel worse about themselves
that discourage
them from getting active and and that's
honestly the worst part about all of
this like the people who are like oh
yeah you're overweight yeah and you just
start like insulting them yeah yeah
they're not gonna want to get healthy
because you're insulting them especially
so if they're going out to exercise in
public whether they're going to do yoga
or they're actually jogging in public as
I do and then you know you're making fun
well that's not gonna help him at all
right anyway so I have a very thick skin
so I'm amused by it but it reminds you
sometimes when I go jogging in public
and people say things they mean well
they don't mean anything bad but they'll
be like keep going it's so terrible you
never see they say that they're a fit
guy who's gonna six-pack who's running
right now but feel like that dudes about
the past that any second you go get a
big guy way to go champ
and this see things like hang in there
anyway I love you for it I know you mean
well it's oh it's all good yeah anyway
just trying to give some good marketing
tips to other businesses out there that
want to market their plus-sized clothing
just don't insult the demographic you're
trying to sell to that's obviously
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together cuz we built the show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network comm /join
