jason Chaffetz has been known for his
aggressive nature in terms of reforming
entitlements he believes that
entitlements need to be reformed - waste
of money people need to pick themselves
up by the bootstraps which is a curious
position to take considering the fact
that he just gave an interview to the
hill where he argued you know houses
really expensive especially in DC and
members of Congress should get a stipend
every month just so they can be able to
afford housing in the district okay oh
my god
no this is this story this is bananas
okay so let me give you his quotes and
then I'm gonna give you a little context
okay so he tells the hill I really do
believe Congress would be much better
served if there was a housing allowance
for members of Congress in today's
climate nobody's going to suggest or
vote for a pay raise but you shouldn't
have to be among the wealthiest of
Americans to serve properly in Congress
okay so I want to stop right there first
of all I don't know if these are his
intentions but a stipend is taxed
differently from a pay raise a stipend
usually means that you don't have to pay
Social Security tax also it's better
than a pay raise I mean the balls on
this guy 25 she wants a $2,500 a month
stipend for our lawmakers because the
insane salary that they're making isn't
enough and by the way when I say insane
it's insane to me
and most Americans because you know most
people don't make what is it a hundred
seventy four thousand dollars a year and
that's not including donations and
things like that that I'm sure you know
he benefits from as well but anyway let
me give you more details he says
Washington DC is one of the most
expensive places in the world and I flat
out cannot afford a mortgage in Utah
kids in college in a second place here
in Washington DC I think a $2,500
housing allowance would be appropriate
and a real help to have at least a
decent quality of life in Washington if
you're going to expect people to spend
hundreds of nights a year here wait a
minute wait you're worried about a
decent quality of life when you deny
Americans that you're supposed to be
representing a decent quality of life I
don't
about how many kids you have I don't
care if they're going to private school
and pick yourself up by the bootstraps
dude now if jason chaffetz was a
champion of the poor and the needy or
just or even the middle class and said
no look you know we need to increase the
Earned Income Tax Credit because that
goes to the working poor we need to you
know make sure that if you don't have
money you get a stipend for food so your
kids don't starve then he asked for a
stipend Donna's oh and I said well look
Jason your main $174,000 a year that's a
hell of a lot better than these people
who need to those food stamps but I'll
hear you out but no he fights against
all those programs so if you're a middle
class you does Jason want you to get it
stipend hell no you're poor you're
working poor you're working your ass off
you're working two jobs does he want you
to get an increase in minimum wage hell
no that's money you earn it's food
stamps so you know everything stipends
no then he's got bootstraps for you but
now I got my crocodile tears oh holy man
yo 74th this how am I supposed to put my
kids through private school but I
wouldn't want them going to school with
your kids
oh it just gets better though I mean
jason chaffetz loves to go on cable
television and talk about individuals in
America who are needy who do need some
government assistance and you know he
did make news earlier this year when he
said this take a look and you know what
Americans have choices and they've got
to make a choice and so maybe rather
than getting that new iPhone that they
just love they want to go spend hundreds
of dollars that maybe they should invest
it in their own health care they've got
to make those decisions themselves bro
yeah bro like stop buying your iPhone
and then maybe you'll be able to afford
a home or something in DC you know just
don't buy that iPhone because invite the
avoiding purchasing technology like an
iPhone is gonna somehow magically give
you enough money to provide for your
family to afford health care to afford
an expensive ass home in Washington DC I
mean this guy's a clown and the
inability to ever empathic empathize
with anyone else while arguing that
members of Congress should get this
insane amount of money thirty thousand
dollars a year just for housing it's
just
ridiculous and that's again as you
pointed out post taxes so if you had to
pay taxes on that yeah we're talking
about a forty five $50,000 a year job
which is more than the average American
gets for the entire job you know that if
you're making around minimum wage you
make around twenty thousand bucks so
he's asking for more than twice the
minimum wage just for his housing
because how else could he afford two
homes one in Utah and one in Washington
was kiss her in private school but you
you want to just get health care so you
can live well then don't buy your iPhone
I know it's crazy and by the way since
we are on the topic of minimum wage what
does Chavez think about increasing
minimum wage well here's an interview
that he did back in 2014
it also says nearly 900,000 low-wage
Americans would be lifted out of poverty
and they'll also have you know more
purchasing power with an additional five
billion dollars in their pockets
January 8th poll by Quinnipiac
University found that 71% of Americans
including 52% of Republicans support a
higher minimum wage where do you stand
on that absolutely not I would totally
disagree with that the idea that we lose
500,000 jobs is devastating to people
and one part of the conversation I think
really needs to be injected in this is
what it would do to our youth you know I
remember as a young man I didn't make
minimum wage but I got a job and I had
to go to work and I learned the value of
work when you raise the minimum wage
you're gonna squeeze out more of our
youth and in particularly in inner
cities young kids need jobs and they
need to know how to work that is got to
be part of the discussion so games it's
a couple things with it we just did a
story about how Seattle raise their
minimum wage not like in that story
where they were saying ten bucks but the
fifteen bucks and they didn't lose any
jobs it's not true study after study
shows it in fact they then spend more
money in the economy the economy gets
healthier creates more jobs not less
jobs so it's not true but notice that he
said oh the kids in the inner-city and
because it's like the poor are always in
the inner-city they're not gonna bite
folks you know we didn't have to say
inner city where the hell did that come
from
right and so when it comes to you know
no no absolutely not and that is not a
stipend that's not a handout your work
hard but jason chaffetz says no you
should not get more than $7.25 an hour
but him he needs a $30,000 stipend for
his second home for a second home in DC
just so he can do his job properly
because oh you know in the past members
of Congress haven't been able to do
their job properly simply because they
weren't given you know this chunk of
cash to be able to afford a home in DC
now I by the way yesterday we just did a
story about how as many as 14 percent of
college students are homeless or
precariously housed meaning they're
living out of their cars right is he
concerned about that he's not concerned
about that but he's concerned about
being able to afford that second home in
DC all right so let's talk a little bit
about minimum wage real quick just to
give you the numbers okay so the current
wage minimum wage in DC is $11.50 okay
so that ends up being a twenty-three
thousand nine hundred twenty dollar
salary per year that's still not the
thirty thousand dollars that he's asking
for in the form of a stipend for housing
now keep in mind that the minimum wage
is set to increase in Washington DC on
July 1st of this year and it will go up
to $12.50 but still that will lead to a
yearly salary of $26,000 I have no I
already said this but let me repeat
Chaffetz has a yearly salary of $174,000
and keep in mind that his net worth
officially okay we don't know what his
real net worth is it could be more is a
three hundred eight thousand dollars but
you don't buy an iPhone he needs a
second home so of course he needs more
government assistance on top of his
government salary
but remember how badly government of
course as if it's trying to help you
right if it's helping him then all of a
sudden he loves big government what do
you get for Young Turks membership it's
a mystery only one way to find out
TYT Network comm /join
