the food in Turkey is phenomenal and
it's not just me and I'm sorry but it's
like I just had all that Italian food
which I love then I went into Turkey and
the food was better Oh Turkish in your
top five it is it's a Homer pick at
number four but it's not really a Homer
pick because even Wendy was like like
that it's better than it I it's really
good why does it like like they actually
are too shrewd
it is it is a lot of meat it's like
walking is like a kebab like hanging
so there's kebabs there's kofta which is
like somewhere between a hamburger and a
meatball yeah there is gyros and then
there's different ways to present gyros
there's verdicts which is pastries that
are either with cheese or ground beef
there is everything on the Sun there's a
plant with ground beef on top but it
depends on how you prepare it it's
amazing so they like their meat yeah
they do they do I got to keep it real
there's sucuk which is kind of a spicy
meat with halloumi cheese or on eggs
that you crooked-ass exist
yeah Lumi cheese so again you're the
tightening Angelenos that are worried
about the cars wouldn't go to Italy and
then actually they're like no blagging
that meat or not going to Turkey no no
it's cool both of these from your German
commercial yeah I know but I've never
got anybody would tell you where they
weren't like holy the food is like
way better than I expected I guarantee
nobody knows that you nobody knows that
I was right equal to God and food so
once everything settles down some put a
couple of thought behind Turkey and for
me oh and the Bosphorus were in Istanbul
randomly a aqua blue and there was
different theories as to why they
they're going theory was that species of
fish came down from the Black Sea and
because of what they eat or whatever it
cause a chemical reaction that during
the entire Bosphorus dark blue to aqua
blue it was trippy here one of my
friends said in conspiracy theories like
that's it's Russian chemical
they were like don't go in the water
they said and you know what happens in
that water turns frogs gay ha ha ha
the gay bomb that uh and you know having
criticized the Turkish government I was
a little concerned going in and out when
I heard that you were going back I was
thinking oh that is a very bold final
decision to make and I was like if I got
it comfortable here
