Jay Sekulow is a couple of things one is
he's Trump's Lord other is he's a
converted Christian and as zeal of the
converted boy he wants to help good
Christians in America he's got a funny
way of showing that let me tell you all
about it first secular 61 is the
president of case I'll explain what that
is in a second as a Christian group and
the chief counsel of its sister
organization the American Center for
legal justice he has become one of the
trumps most vocal defenders since
joining the team of attorneys
representing the President had made
investigations into possible ties
between his campaign and Russia that's
according to the Guardian okay now
that's true there's no question that he
represents those groups and Trump so
what is case cases Christian advocates
serving evangelism okay now we'll see if
they're serving evangelism or perhaps
themselves in a second now why does
seculow convert a Christian in the first
place well of course he found Jesus here
is one of the reasons that he gives us
as to why there was a seminal case is I
I read online his you know uh I went to
school and I study the Bible study and
oh my god I became convinced that Jesus
was right for me well maybe he was as
you'll see in their financial parts of
this story anyway but he also argues
back to this case he founded case in
1988 to build on a successful appearance
at the US Supreme Court on behalf of the
group Jews for Jesus after an earlier a
career as a real estate attorney ended
in bankruptcy and legal disputes
sakharova has gone on to use case as a
platform for legal action to defend
Christians against perceived
encroachment on their rights so like his
boss Donald Trump his regular career
ended in disastrous bankruptcy so he
decides oh just the only thing I've ever
done right I you know help Jews for
Jesus wouldn't this you know present
this case before the Supreme Court that
turns out to be a nice little racket now
I don't know well maybe he's just found
Jesus in his heart and he's doing it for
the right reasons let's find out
together okay cuz we're gonna find the
facts here okay now the Guardian is
reporting this and because they have
documents documents obtained by The
Guardian show seculow that month were
referring to 2009 in the midst
of the horrible economic crash crash
approve plans to push poor and jobless
people to donate money to his Christian
nonprofit which says 2000 has steered
more than sixty million dollars to
secular his family and their businesses
Wow sixty million dollars wait till you
hear the details okay
telemarketers for the nonprofit
Christian advocates serving evangelism
were instructed in contracts signed by
secular to urge people who pleaded
poverty or said they were out of work to
dig deep for a sacrificial gift 2009
crashed if they're in dire straits we've
lost eight million jobs these guys who
we're here to help Christians but I you
could help me by giving me money or a
job I'm I'm in darson no you need to do
sacrifice even more now by giving me a
gift okay
but I'm sure it's not going to secular
we'll find out yeah but here's what they
were told to say quote they would say to
these folks I can certainly understand
how that would make it difficult for you
to share a gift like that right now
they told retirees who said they were on
fixed incomes and had no extra money
before asking if they could spare quote
even twenty dollars within the next
three weeks
now what do they needed for I mean maybe
they're gonna go save some Souls right
hold forth at the telemarketing
contracts obtained by the Guardians show
how fundraisers were instructed by
secular to deliver bleak warnings about
topics including abortion Sharia law and
Barack Obama boo be really scared senior
citizens on fixed income you lost your
job no sacrifice for us because Obama
and Sharia law and abortions in fact on
that one boy they had a doozy a 2013
script warn listeners did Obama's
signature health care law the Affordable
Care Act promising you Planned
Parenthood federal funding to open
abortion referral clinics in your
child's or grandchild
middle school or high school see that
goes to show you they know they're lying
like the Affordable Care Act is gonna
let Planned Parenthood open up abortion
or for critics in junior high schools
not remotely true whoo boo get scared oh
my god Oh horseshit Sharia law give me
money give me luck it's time for a
sacrifice time for a sacrifice well now
before I show you the facts on whether
the secular family sacrificed at all let
me read you their statement because they
find this outraged there's the only
thing they say they refuse to answer any
other questions about this but their
spokesperson said the financial
arrangements between the ACLJ that's one
of those organizations and I just told
you about in case the other organization
and all related entities are regularly
reviewed by outside independent
compensation experts and have been
determined to be reasonable in addition
each entity has annual independent
outside audits performed by certified
public accounting firms further the IRS
has previously conducted audits of the
ACLJ and case and found them to be in
full compliance of all applicable tax
laws now in other words they say no no
everything we've done is reasonable they
don't tell you who they paid to tell
them that yes your books are perfectly
reasonable and they didn't use the word
perfectly at all of course and and
they've done audits to find out who
we're paying now they don't tell you if
those artists say you should be paying
those folks or for the things that
they're buying they just say yeah that's
true you are paying those guys millions
of dollars I'm not sure that that proves
as much and of course I am so far the
cycle is like Donald Trump are not
releasing their audits or anything along
those lines so you'll have to take their
word for it that they got audited IRS
thought that all this was lovely and
they don't tell you what year they got
audited they don't tell you any of the
specifics so let's go to the specifics
and you can judge for yourself this is
reported by the Guardian and you judge
for yourself if this is reasonable okay
for years the nonprofit's have made a
notable amount of payments to Sekulow
and his family which were first reported
by law calm since 2000 a law firm Cohen
by Sekulow the constitutional litigation
and advocacy group
has been paid more than 25 million
dollars by the nonprofit's for legal
services see how this works you give the
money to the nonprofit the nonprofit
gives it to seculars law firm 25 million
dollars the people working at that law
firm pocket the money now they do cases
so and some of the things that they do
is to fight for Christians in in in in
courtrooms so that might be the most
reasonable expense but 25 million
dollars is a hell of a lot of money over
that period of time a hell of a lot of
money okay but all right if you looked
at just that that you might say maybe
those are there legal costs during the
same period cycle owes company regency
productions which produces his talk
radio show was paid eleven point three
million dollars for production services
wait a minute wait a minute why does a
non-profit trying to help Christians
need a radio talk show as God need a
spaceship okay why does that radio talk
show need to be funded from a non-profit
to the tune of eleven million dollars
starting to get a little fishy I mean
that's my read of it you could have your
own read maybe you think that's a
brilliant idea
secular us I'm sure you'd think that if
you donated to them anyway secular also
personally received compensation
totaling three point three million
dollars so money's going to his firm
money's going to his talk show I don't
know how much of that funnels back to
him but presumably gets paid by those
entities and then he gets three point
three million dollars money on top
weight were nowhere near done pam
Circulo his wife has been paid more than
1.2 million dollars in compensation for
serving his treasurer and secretary of
case so now his wife is getting paid
nowhere near done secular his brother
Gary the chief operating officer of the
nonprofit's has been paid nine point two
million dollars in salary and benefits
by them since 2000 it's a lot of money
man he's getting paid his wife is giving
a firm talk show brother now we're at
the brother okay meanwhile a company run
by Gary's wife Kim Sekulow has received
six point two million dollars since two
thousand dollars in fees for media
production services and for the lease of
a private jet which had owned jointly
with JC Hughes company
Regency productions the jet was made
available for the use of J and Pam
Circulo according to the corporate
filings
why does God need a private jet so I'm
trying to help you good Christians I
converted to Christianity and because I
love Jesus and his private jets
how am I supposed to reach Jesus if I
don't have a private jet so they funnel
the money to the production company that
funnels it to a jet they private sent it
to the brother's wife who for media
services gets six point two million
dollars and she also funnels a part of
that money to the private jet and all of
this you're financing a private jet well
they're asking retirees and people who
have lost their jobs for 20 bucks at a
time for sacrificial gifts in the middle
of the economic crisis and throughout
this entire time but we're still not
done Jays two sons and Gary's son and
daughter have also shared at least one
point seven million dollars in
compensation for work done for the
nonprofit's since 2000 is indeed a
family affair
everybody's getting rich of the secular
family now that wasn't enough because
there is no end to the greed
so they got the jet they got all the
money now they need houses a townhouse
in Washington bought by case again
that's the nonprofit group with one and
a half million dollars in contributions
from its supporters has been used as at
residence by secularists son Jordan who
is a director of the nonprofit so they
say oh my god we need money for a
housing is so important you might think
if you're a good Christian maybe so
how's the needy or the poor Jay Sekulow
the Trump's lawyer his son he needs a
house why I'm a one and a half million
dollar house in another deal second his
wife Pam cases treasurer and secretary
bought a quote retreat property in North
Carolina from case in 1998 with the help
from a two hundred and forty five
thousand dollar loan
none of the nonprofit's funds the case
board controlled by her family then
decided to forgive two hundred and
seventeen thousand dollars of what Pam
owed and count this as compensation
because of course if you're serving
Jesus you need a retreat property your
son needs a house you need a house you
need a retreat property you need a
private jet and a nice little another
part of this operation is oh no no no
they do nonprofit just loaned her the
money and later they forgive the loan
okay not the only time they did a case
separately loan Jay Sekulow two hundred
and nine thousand nine hundred sixty
eight dollars in nineteen ninety nine
over the following years the case board
voted to forgive two hundred and eleven
thousand three hundred and five dollars
of the loan and interest payments more
than the original amount seculow had
borrowed and classify all of this as
compensation
so they borrow the money for the house
they give it a secular and or say they
buy the house they let's take it or
borrow it later the guy I don't worry
about your loan by the way here's
another two thousand dollars on top and
keep the house now if you think that
this is all so that those needy families
through their sacrifice could have
better lives find Jesus better serve the
needy the poor or any other Christian
Endeavor you got different view of
Christianity and a lot of folks in this
country but bless your heart you're
allowed to have your opinion but you
give to these groups you at least now
know what it buys you buys that retreat
properties private jets and sixty
million dollars of compensation to Jay
secular Trump's lawyer and his family
over all this time now could this get
them in trouble federal law bars
insiders at a non profit from receiving
quote excess benefit which is defined as
payment exceeding the fair market value
for goods or services The Insider
provides what was that about lock her up
lock him up lock him up I'm not saying
it but I would hope that federal
authorities do look into this and now
they did ask a person who is well
nonprofits because they want to know
wait maybe it's perfectly normal to take
money from the poor and take home sixty
million dollars well Arthur Ryman who
normally deals with nonprofit said I
can't imagine this situation being
acceptable that kind of money is
practically unheard of in the nonprofit
world and these kinds of transactions I
could never justify or maybe Jay Sekulow
is just such a good Christian and that's
why he thought man these good honest
trustworthy Christians they're not marks
they're not suckers who I could use to
finance my great lifestyle all these
years they're just Christians I need to
help your call these are the guys that
Donald Trump associates with by the way
you look at Trump's nonprofits you look
at these nonprofits all the same games
played over and over again and in none
of these scenarios do you win in all
these scenarios they win and only then
you don't like ads I hear your brother
you know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks become a notorious member
and get all the content ad-free TYT
Network comm /join
