we fight for the weak in the defenseless
we are the pro-life generation meet
Ethan Chandra he is 2 years old from New
Jersey he was born with hetero taxy
syndrome a rare genetic disorder that
can lead to the malformation or abnormal
arrangement of internal organs he was
born with multiple congenital heart
defects - left lungs and multiple splits
his liver gallbladder and stomach are
all in the wrong place since his birth
this young lad has endured countless
procedures medical operations and more
heart surgeries than any grown human
should ever have to endure not to
mention a wee baby in a recent Twitter
thread Ethan's mom informed the world
that thanks to insurance the family had
to pay just $500 for his most recent
open-heart surgery the total amount due
on the surgery has exceeded that of
$200,000 when you look at the hospital
bill it looks as long as a shopping list
but with insurance they're able to
manage and give their child a chance at
a better future now I understand that
whatever the topic of healthcare
coverage
arises most conservatives would rather
shift the discussion away from actual
people and instead in addition to
premiums going up co-payments going up
deductibles going up this is a standard
GOP technique to strictly the reality of
human suffering from the conversation
and instead talk about people's lives in
a pure financial aspect but as Ethan's
mother makes clear health insurance
becomes very personal as soon as you
need it well unless you're Jimmy Kimmel
that is right
I mean what is he got to whine about his
kids life-threatening heart condition
wasn't worth blubbering about he's rich
and when you're rich you're not supposed
to give a shit about what happens to
other people who aren't right you didn't
want your child to die of a treatable
illness well you should have thought of
that before you became pearl all right
according to the Congressional Budget
Office report that was released
yesterday and expected 22 million fewer
people will have health coverage over
the next decade under the proposed GOP
health care bill compared to that of ACA
new legislation will allow states to
reintroduce annual and lifetime limits
on insurance coverage meaning that this
bill passes in the state of New Jersey
decides against safeguards and families
like Ethan's lifetime caps will be
reinstated and parents like Ethan's will
be hit with the dilemma that regardless
of your political affiliation is simply
torturous the choice between their
life in bankruptcy now Ethan's mother
said she hopes GOP lawmakers would
consider the lives of the children born
with pre-existing conditions when
deciding will to support this bill and
if we ought to believe what pro-life
lawmakers have been preaching based
solely on how much they claim to value
human life that Ethan's parents should
have nothing to worry about right my
faith informs me about how to take care
of the vulnerable about how to make sure
that people have a chance in life that
their son will have every opportunity to
prosper under a conservative run
government that upholds human life more
than anything right we must meet this
moment with respect and compassion for
every American life is winning again
wrong like most conservative ideologies
the Republican senators who keep up with
this bill claim to be outraged and how
the government treats the public but
they're ranked hypocrites they may spend
countless hours advocated from the
rights of an unborn child but if that
child happens to come into this world
with a pre-existing condition then GOP
lawmakers want that child's parents to
face an excruciating choice I've got to
come up with hundreds of thousands of
dollars to pay out-of-pocket for medical
care or pray to God that the condition
fixes itself you know just like it says
in the Bible right fellas no matter how
you want to spin this bill this part is
simple it will dramatically scale back
federal funding for Medicaid and
financial assistance that low and middle
income people receive to make private
health insurance affordable while
transferring the dollars saved to the
wealthy people and health care companies
in the form of tax cuts you know so they
can wipe away those tears of empathy
that they shed over the loss of life
with twenty follow me on instagram at
Francis and Maxwell and on Twitter at
Francis and Maxwell share this video
please continue to resist
you
