Samba dates all over our country are
acting like backwards Robin Hood's
stealing from the poor and giving to the
rich essentially bribing government to
let them continue on with their crooked
ways so at the end of the day they can
dive into their pool of gold like
Scrooge McDuck well the rest of us bear
the brunt of their nefarious ways that
is until now we are at a time in our
country where we are not going to let
these companies get away with their
twisted behaviors and we're not going to
let them take advantage of us anymore we
get to decide which companies we support
with our hard-earned dollars and we do
so by looking at the companies who
actually care about us and the world we
live in and believe it or not there are
actually some corporations out there who
fit the bill no pun intended who are
actually doing some good and quite a lot
of it
these companies are called B
corporations the Corpse are for-profit
companies that meet rigorous standards
of social and environmental performance
accountability and transparency they're
a new kind of company that serves their
shareholders and society these companies
and there are 1,600 of them in 42
countries once you business as its
source of good not evil shocking I know
to them people matter just as much as
it's not more than profit one company in
particular has committed to this mission
and is not carrying out business as
usual aspiration is flipping the
financial world on its head and creating
an entirely new system a system that
values people and the planet in a world
of banks too big to fail and banks
failing our people aspiration is the
change we need to see in our financial
sector so that we could finally escape
these holes of corruption and aspiration
customers can choose their own fees have
zero ATM fees have access to sustainable
investing and monitor the impact of
their bank account and no I'm not
talking about watching your balance
decrease from spending and dumb banking
fees I'm talking about the a measure
that aspiration provides so that you can
make sure you are spending money at
other companies who treat their people
right and are working to protect the
planet plus aspiration donates 10% of
their profits to charity but I'm sure
Goldman Sachs and say the same right if
your money is that Wells Fargo Citibank
Bank of America and so many more you are
contributing to funding the Dakota
access pipeline and supporting energy
transfer partners you have the power to
make a real
impact on this world with your dollar we
all want progressive change so put your
money where your mouth and your morals
are and invest in and spend it companies
who want a positive future that puts
people and our planet first just as much
as we do
thanks for watching t YC I'm Hannah
Cranston and let's aim for a better
futures together
