our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt a pharmaceutical
executive recently had an interview with
Financial Times and he argues that as a
pharmaceutical company price gouging is
the moral thing to do because you want
to return as much money as possible to
your shareholders and I'm not kidding
this was a statement that was literally
made by someone who has no shame
so the pharmaceutical company executive
I'm talking about is normal moly I and
he is the CEO of no strim laboratories
and I he just recently engaged in some
price gouging of his own and he was
asked about it so he compared his
decision to increase the price of his
decision to do this to an art dealer
increasing the price of a work of art
okay so let me give you yes I know
because a work of art is what you need
to survive now the drug that he
increased the price for is for people
suffering from bladder infections and no
strim laboratories more than quadrupled
the price of a bottle of nitro furin
tone from four hundred forty seven
dollars and seventy five cents to two
thousand three hundred ninety two
dollars why why did that happen well the
FDA realized that there were there were
impurities with the gel capsule version
of this drug and so as a result the FDA
took that drug off the market and then
the pill form remained but since the
pill form remained and the the capsule
liquid gel was taken off essentially
what happened was there was a shortage
in supply and so his executives like
there's a shortage of supply there's
less competition so guess what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna increase the prices even
though the World Health Organization has
said that this is an essential drug for
healthcare
now here's what he had to say his quotes
are insane he says I think it's a moral
requirement to make money when you can
to sell the product for the highest
price no that's not a moral requirement
sometimes it's the opposite of a moral
requirement but there is no moral
requirement that says you must maximize
your profit you'll want to maximize your
profit no problem I understand it but
it's not a moral required
it's a profit requirement let's keep it
real moral requirements and profit
requirements are two very different
things
that's gonna get to the perspective of a
lot of these folks in the business
community in a second I'll talk about
that he also says the point here is the
only other choice is the brand at a
higher price it is still a saving
regardless of whether it's a big one or
not so let me explain why he says that
because there's one other factor that's
leading him to drive up the price it's
that there's only two competitors and
the other one is kasper Pharma so no
wonder Caspar over here is not talking
about them I mean I would if you gave me
an opportunity to finish okay so anyway
Caspar pharma raised their prices to two
thousand eight hundred dollars a bottle
yeah okay so and now his company is
sitting there at four hundred and
seventy four dollars going well there's
only one other competitor in there
twenty eight hundred oh I got an idea if
I just go a little below them at two
thousand three hundred and ninety-two
everybody's gonna buy mine and I'm gonna
quadruple the price and presumably he
was already making money at four hundred
seventy four dollars otherwise he
wouldn't have sold it I know how
business works okay so all the rest of
it is margin all the rest of it goes
straight into your profits so it's not
like oh my god I couldn't have made this
drug that helps you with urinary tract
infection if I don't charge twenty three
hundred dollars for it no I could have
made it and made a really good living in
it and have a very successful company
and four hundred seventy four dollars
but this is called an oligopoly so the
two of us have cornered the market here
you don't have any other choice or you
could just continue to have a urinary
tract infection so we know you don't
want one so we're gonna price cow at you
and then call that moral it's pretty
SiC and by the way he might be the only
person who is at least publicly and
openly defending Martin shkreli right
now that was the pharma bro who did
price gouging of his own he price
decided to price gouge medication for
people who are suffering from AIDS by
the way he's currently in prison because
of how he defrauded
his investors but anyway here's what he
had to say about shkreli I agree with
Martin shkreli that when he raised the
price of his drug he was within his
rights because he had to reward his
shareholders so let's just offers like
people's lives don't matter right I mean
we often talk about how corporations are
amoral
but know a lot of corporations are
amoral like if you are the CEO of a
pharmaceutical company and you know that
price gouging could lead to the deaths
of people who rely on that drug you're
amoral there's no question about whether
you're immoral not amoral like you're
just a bad person this guy is like well
yeah of course my shareholders are way
more important then the people who need
this drug screw the people who need this
drug we want to make money a couple of
things here and they really do live in a
different world and I have a completely
different perspective and that's why
they can't even understand is he doesn't
even understand those or controversial
comments so one part of it and I want to
give you more context to rally took
pills that were $13.50 which is already
really for every single pill you have to
pay $13 he says was already really high
he raised it to 750 dollars per pill
okay
I mean it's and he's like well if you
don't take the pill you're gonna die so
pay me now he went to jail for a
different reason and by the way it was
defrauding his shareholders because in
the business world the most sacrosanct
principle and morality there is his
deliver for shareholders yeah I mean
really let that sink in for a second he
didn't go to prison for price gouging
aids medication he went to prison
because he did his shareholders dirty as
I told you during the Bernie Madoff
scandal the one thing that you will not
be allowed to get away in this country
is robbing other rich people you robbed
the middle class all day long poor
people they don't have any power and
never gonna be able to fight back you
robbed other rich people then then
they're gonna make HBO shows about you
if movies etc right and then you can get
famous so you're gonna go to prison so
that's what I ultimately have mr. Kelly
this guy is probably gonna have no
consequences but in because among the
powerful they really really do believe
that and look do you have an obligation
to your shareholders of course you do
of course you do so it's not to say like
oh who cares about your shareholders no
they you know they put money into you
they trust in you at cetera so there I
get what he's saying when he says
there's a certain moral obligation to
them that's not nothing
right well you also have an obligation
to your customers and in this particular
field where it is their lives on the
line you have an extra obligation yeah
there shouldn't I don't know I feel like
the the drug industry when it comes to
health care it should be run completely
differently from other like private
companies no I understand different it's
not like a fast-food restaurant it's not
McDonald's where it has its investors
and shareholders like this is different
no I but look it's nuanced because if
you I agree with you when it comes to
health insurance there's almost no need
for the health insurance companies they
don't exist except for a tiny sliver of
the market and the rest of the developed
world where they have single-payer
health care because they don't want to
let people die if they don't have health
insurance and that is deeply immoral
that every other country has decided
that except us in the developed world so
I agree with you completely there when
it comes to the drug companies is a
little bit harder because you there is
something to that that profit motive
that gets them to do these amazing drugs
that do save people's lives but there is
a role for the government as Adam Smith
talked about if free market will run
amok it will create monopolies and
oligopolies and that is where the
government should step in and say
especially they feel that affects
people's lives there's certain you we're
gonna take your profit away but there
are certain rules and regulations you
have to follow if you corner the market
you don't there's no competition and
people's lives depend on it
so I don't think that they
government has to take over the drug
companies I don't think that would be
fruitful but it does have a role in
regulating the markets yeah I mean I'm
look I'm not I don't have enough
expertise to to make a strong point here
but I do want to look into you know just
different systems because look I I
believe in competition driving
innovation but at the same time you know
you do hear stories about let's say Cuba
for instance like Cuba's health care
system it has its flaws I'm not trying
to pretend like it's perfect but you
have researchers there who have come up
with a cure a possible legitimate cure
for lung cancer right and they're doing
this all under a communistic regime I
hear yeah well look of course if you get
into the nitty-gritty of the health care
of Cuba versus the u.s. none of us are
gonna on the spot have enough expertise
to have that debate right but having
said that that is one thing you hear out
of Cuba have we developed a lot more
drugs in America yeah you're right but
but you know maybe there could be a case
made that well first of all one thing I
want everyone to consider is that the
federal government in the United States
does provide taxpayer-funded grants for
for research that these pharmaceutical
companies do so just keep in mind that
we as taxpayers ok have contributed to
the research and the development of
these drugs which then these private
companies turn around in price gouges
well that's the corruption of government
that I can't stand because if the
American taxpayer paid into creating
those drugs and you're making this huge
profit well we should get a piece of the
profit why do we constantly privatize
the gains and socialize the losses as
Naomi Klein has pointed out over and
over again and it's a great great point
and it applies here to finally look one
of the things I'm concerned about and it
is because of a structural issue in
America is that the a lot of folks not
everybody but a lot of people in the
business community have gotten used to
this perspective that yes it's my moral
duty to make as much as humanly possible
and if it hurts you in any other way it
raises your prices
you know sometimes they'll buy parking
meters in a particular city and then
they'll raise the prices and they'll
give you more fines and if you're poor
that's devastating to your life they
don't care they think my only morality
and I'm only moral duty is to maximize
profit no that's a perverse system and
that perverse system is set up because
of our laws in the law it says that a
corporation a public corporation private
corporations actually are a little
different but certainly a public
corporation must they must maximize
profit so it's a company is American
citizens to regain our democracy and a
passed laws that say otherwise that you
should make a profit but that you are
allowed to have other considerations
like the lives and deaths of our fellow
citizens other countries have done so we
should look at those and learn from
experiences that have worked that have
created stable economies while actually
caring about the lives of its own
citizens finally I want to leave you
with two more quotes from this exam
because it really speaks to what you
were just saying Jenk he says the
following of Martin shkreli
if he's the only one selling it meaning
the drug then he can make as much money
as he can this is a capitalist economy
and if you can't make money you can't
stay in business I'm sorry just real
quick on that there's a huge difference
between you can't make money you can't
stay in business that's absolutely true
that's just math right and I make plenty
of money I'm already in business I'm now
going to quadruple my price raise it by
four hundred percent of Australia did
five thousand percent no no you're
choosing to do that and you could you
know that's when the and if there's real
competition then hey you get to do it
if you've eliminated a competition in an
unnatural way then the government should
step in it depends on case-by-case but
it's not something like oh poor Nostrum
Laboratories was just about to go to
business out of business until they
raise their prices 400% yeah that's not
anywhere near this fact patterning and
finally he wants to justify everything
that he's saying by comparing the
importance of pharmaceutical drugs to
other consumer products we have to make
money when
we can the price of iPhones goes up the
price of cars goes up hotel rooms are
very expensive well you don't need any
of those things to survive you don't
need to stay in a very expensive hotel
room but if you've got a urinary tract
infection apparently you need your
medicine and so this is not a normal
situation and yes we are all responsible
for our fellow man and we need to look
out for each other and that doesn't mean
that we get away from capitalism I know
some think that I I don't happen to
think that but I do think that going all
the way back to Adam Smith every
thoughtful person that has looked at a
capitalist system said it obviously
needs a rules and regulations as any
system does and America unfortunately we
have run amok and there's only one rule
left maximize profit and now they've
turned it morality on its head as if
that is the only moral thing to do when
often times in cases like this it is
actually deeply immoral thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT calm slash join
