an adjunct professor will not be rehired
for the next semester due to her
comments about otto warmbier the 22 year
old man who unfortunately was detained
during his trip in North Korea came back
to the United States with a you know he
was unconscious in a coma and then
unfortunately later died
now this professor from the University
of Delaware said some pretty unfortunate
things about him let me give you her
comments she wrote on her personal
Facebook page that former detainee otto
warmbier was quote typical of a mindset
of a lot of young white rich clueless
males who come into my classes she added
that warmbier got exactly what he
deserved
now keep in mind he traveled to North
Korea he had taken down some sort of
banner in the hotel that he was staying
in it was a propaganda banner he later
put it back up but it didn't matter at
that point they had decided to detain
him as he was going to the airport to
fly back to the United States he was
sentenced to 15 years of hard labor we
don't know exactly what they did to him
and why he was in a coma when he arrived
back to the United States but he died as
a result of whatever abuse he was
exposed to so making statements like
that is it's beyond insensitive it's
just not well advised right and keep in
mind that this is a professor this is
someone who deals with students from all
different types of backgrounds and if
she has this very clear bias against any
group of students I think it's
problematic so Katherine this is
according to a statement from the school
they said that Katherine Detweiler who
last taught in the spring as an adjunct
faculty member will not be rehired to
teach at the University in the future
they said that her statements do not
reflect the beliefs of that University I
disagree with the decision so first let
me say saying that he got exactly what
he deserved is way over the top no one
deserves to die no one deserves get 15
years of hard labor which he was not he
didn't get to serve the full sentence
partly because he got so sick that he
died and
and nobody deserves to get anything
remotely similar to that first
temporarily stealing a propaganda poster
in North Korea on the other hand and I
don't know what him being white has
anything to do with this right so those
are all the things she said that I don't
agree with on the other hand saying that
otto warmbier was misguided in going to
North Korea is a very normal rational
thing to say in politic to say an
insensitive to say right after he dies
although one else would you ever talk
about otto warmbier you wouldn't bring
it up a year and a half later but I
don't think you should have gone to
North Korea and if you go to North Korea
right now as a tourist I think you're
crazy but her statement wasn't about how
it was a bad idea for her to try for him
to travel to North Korea write her
statement was more about you know and
I'm I'm giving you what was implied this
isn't what she said exactly verbatim but
she was essentially saying here's an
entitled white guy going to another
country thinking he can do whatever he
wants to do and get away with it well he
gets what he deserves
right that was really the emphasis of
what she was saying and I think that
that's not the right way to go about
things right so for me and then she goes
on to rant about her white male students
and to me that's problematic right and
we would have you know very we'd be very
critical of a professor who said that
about a group of black students for
instance or a group of Muslim students
you are an educator you are not supposed
to treat students differently based on
race or religion and all that so for me
the most problematic thing was not only
the fact that she was incredibly
insensitive about someone who just died
in a pretty tragic way but the fact that
she showed that she has a certain bias
against certain students and that's not
that that shouldn't have any place in an
educational setting that's my issue with
what she so that's why I agree that I
think it's a really close call because
she's the part that bothered me the most
of that first sentence was who come into
my classes meaning that she has some
preconceived notion about some set of
folks who come in to their classes she
mentioned weed admission she
white you know she mentioned mail and
she mentioned rich even if she left it
at rich it still has some issues so are
you gonna mark down rich kids or have
some sort of bias against them on the
other hand there that's the point of
academic freedom is that you allow
people to have different opinions and so
now are we gonna fire all the professors
in the country who thought it was a bad
idea to go to North Korea and that was
an entitled stupid thing to do now I
feel again I'm not insane of avato
because he's dead but don't go to North
Korea and think that it's a cool tourist
trip because somebody from Bice went
okay you're not Dennis Rodman it's a
really really stupid idea okay it was a
poster I didn't even know or think that
he was stealing it you know today you
know I said you might you might bring
some other minor infractions you might
break no one you might have known
fractions but they think it's a it will
help them politically to basically
kidnap an American it's not a free
country
they have gulags and concentration camps
so don't flippantly go there so that's
not about Otto it's about the next set
of people so if you're a professor
raging about that I don't blame you I
rage about it yeah I read about that as
well I I don't know if I rage about it
but I have openly said that I think it's
a really bad idea to travel to countries
like North Korea or some of the
countries in the UAE keep it at 100
right I think that there are a lot of
other great places to visit around the
world and you're better suited and safer
in places that you know don't have human
rights violations and things like that
but for me you know it just she went
above and beyond and and you know I
would be concerned if I was like the
chair of that department she teaches
anthropology by the way I would be
concerned about you know what type of
biases are at play and whether or not it
impacts the way that she treats certain
students that really did it for me and
more importantly can we just can we
finally get to a place where we're civil
right where we actually understand that
there are family members of this victim
who are grieving right now and you're
talking openly on social media about how
he got what he deserved just be a human
being for once that's that's another
part of it that just drives me crazy
I mean we have gotten so toxic in
society where we just say whatever we
want to say without thinking about it or
thinking about the ramifications yes so
you know what let's do a poll on it
because we're split on it I bet you a
lot of your split on I'm curious what
you think so let's do TYC network.com
slash fired and and we'll put that up
after the show we'll have it in the link
in the description box for you guys
where you can easily vote I'm curious do
you think this professor should have
been fired or not and good case
obviously both ways we don't want to
prejudging the students in our classroom
but at the same time there is academic
freedom and half of what she said was in
my opinion perfectly reasonable
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built this show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network comm /join
