the CBO report on the Senate health care
bill has finally been released and it is
just as draconian just as scary I should
say as we expected it would be the
Senate Republicans bill in this court in
the CBO would cause an estimated 22
million more Americans to be uninsured
in the coming decade 22 million and so
that now has color discussion about the
Senate health care bill as it should
we're gonna break down some of the other
numbers as well but that's that's really
the big one and I don't I don't know if
it's not like the Republicans were out
there sort of implying that things would
be better because they haven't been out
there at all to talk about this bill
there's been almost no discussion almost
no interviews aside from the few
Republican senators who've come out at
least presently against it no one has
had to defend this bill really and that
seems absurd that we can we can
potentially you know that the starett
the stereotypical it's one-sixth of the
economy that's going to be modified tens
of millions of people will be thrown off
their health insurance and along the way
the Republicans don't have to take any
questions there will be almost no debate
and so we can break down some of the
other numbers but I am glad that the
media is running with this and hopefully
there won't be a lot of people around
the country who don't know this 22
million figure by the end of the day
although I should point out perhaps even
scarier than the 22 million in a decade
is the 15 million in one year who are
gonna lose health insurance which as I
point out on Twitter is basically for
the next year every month a million
people be thrown off their health
insurance leading up to the midterm
election so that's terrible for those
people and their families but also
probably the Republicans who are gonna
have a lot of pissed-off people come
2018 but their donors are screaming get
it done and get it done quick and by the
way make it more draconian not good
enough we want more people thrown off of
health care not it's not a hyperbole
they're saying this is to moderate a
bill so 22 million people losing their
insurance not enough for some of the
Republican donors like the Koch brothers
so I'll jump in with a couple of numbers
for you guys that also look on the
upside the deficit goes down by 321
keeping it real Cuban and fair so that
is part of the Congressional Budget
Office's numbers as well
now remember Obamacare also lowered the
deficit you almost never heard about
that
but it did so that's not really the main
choice that they're making the main
choice they're making is
how much do we get rid of health care
and and people receiving health care and
how much do we charge more for health
care in return for what in return for
tax cuts for the rich which leads us to
this number according to CBO but
Medicaid which Donald Trump said
wouldn't be cut at all not a dollar
shockingly enough cut more than a dollar
seven hundred and seventy two billion
dollars in cuts in this proposal and
almost all of that going to the wealthy
in tax cuts if we could go to head to
graphic 30 this is not getting as much
discussion but I saw a few people
talking about on Twitter there's a lot
of numbers there don't worry about too
much but you're seeing the top numbers
are for what we currently have the the
premiums that you have under current law
the bottom numbers are what you would
have under the Senate bill and what
you're seeing there circled in red is
the amount a sixty four-year-old in
somebody who retires how much they would
have to pay it's more than you triple
it's more than triple and there are some
we don't have it all in the graphics
there this is just this is a middle
income 56,000 there are people at the
lower end at twenty four twenty five
thousand dollars a year in income who
will pay four times what they're paying
now and I hope that I hope that all of
you watching this are so well off that
you don't need to think about that but
if you were making twenty four thousand
dollars a year you don't have three or
four times as much money just hanging
around that you can pay for your
insurance premiums but think about that
there this isn't just the people who are
being thrown off their insurance this is
people who theoretically will stay on
their insurance going into this midterm
election the seniors who we know love to
vote will be paying three or four times
as much that is insane think about the
cut to your standard of living when so
much more of your income has to go to
that when you could theoretically be
paying half your income on your
insurance premiums they kept saying
we're gonna get premiums down we're
gonna get deductibles down and this does
the exact opposite how many lies can you
how many promises can you break in a
single bill counterpoint John there are
no donors to Republican senators that
make $24,000 a year okay so hey okay I
think I win that argument or at least
the millionaire donors said okay so two
things to build off of that well here's
what we're gonna find out we're gonna
find out if there is such thing as a
moderate Republican because we keep
getting told by the establishment press
that there is we keep talking about this
Republican moderate that's gonna ride to
the rescue that there Cavalry's on the
way that they will not allow the
Republicans to do this kind of draconian
health care bill I keep wondering who
the hell they are and when they're gonna
arrive so far hadn't seen them yet
there's four Republican senators at a
minimum that have objected this bill
they all thinking is too liberal oh-oh
22 million not enough seven hundred and
seventy billion dollars cut from
Medicaid not enough in nearly eight
hundred billion dollars in tax cuts the
rich not enough okay so where the hell
are the so-called moderate Republicans
so got some quotes for you that'll okay
so it's something okay so if the money
if the Republicans passed some version
of this bill this you know maybe tweaks
around the edges but this a you know in
essence this bill you'll know that there
is no such thing as a moderate
Republican it's just an establishment
press gimmick to make you think that
there's balance in the country there's a
balance okay we again we always tell you
ahead of time we don't want any Morning
Quarterback it may be the mont moderate
republicans all they need is three to
kill the bill three it's three moderate
republicans at a national level exists
this bill will not happen okay so we're
gonna find out our three minor bugs the
whole country in the whole country again
at the national level so why does the
press that a so-called liberal media
want to prop up this BS talking point
about all these swarms of moderate
Republicans so they that question will
be answered I won't answer it the
Republican Party I'll answer it they'll
answered whether they pass this bill or
not and then the last thing we're going
to find out is
if they do pass it is it true what
Donald Trump said that he could shoot
somebody on Fifth Avenue and get away
with it because 22 million people yeah
now I don't want to go that far but can
you take healthcare away from an and
increase the cost of health care and
deliver less health care for the people
who still have it and do it to senior
citizens on a grotesque level the ones
who both the most and still get away
with it so we'll have our instruction
and gerrymandering and we're gonna end
and although all those political ads so
we're gonna have our answers about the
Republican Party in a couple of days or
a couple of weeks and then we're gonna
have our answers about Republican voters
perhaps in 2018 so this is momentous and
we'll decide many things you don't like
hats well I hear your brother did you
know that you can become a Young Turks
member get the full two hours show every
day on demand plus so many other Network
shows all ad-free for just ten bucks a
month give it a shot right now
tu IT Network comm slash join
