our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt bankers have
flagged a series a series of suspicious
transactions and these transactions
involve individuals who were part of the
notorious Trump Tower meeting prior to
the 2016 election now this is based on
documents that BuzzFeed News obtained
and the details of these documents show
that there could be some serious money
laundering involved and we're gonna give
you the details you can decide for
yourself but it does appear that they
are investigating these transactions and
so eventually we will have an answer now
secret documents were revealed
previously undisclosed now there are a
web of financial transactions among some
of the planners and participants who
moved money from Russia and Switzerland
to the British Virgin Islands Bangkok
and a small office park in New Jersey
documents show that Aras aguillera
a billionaire real estate developer
close to both Vladimir Putin and Donald
Trump is at the center of this vast
network and how he used accounts
overseas to filter money to himself his
son and at least two people who attended
the Trump Tower meeting so investigators
are focused on two bursts of
transactions that bank examiners deemed
suspicious one that happened a short
time after the meeting and another
immediately after the November 2016
presidential election so I'm gonna give
you the details of those transactions
how that money was transferred from one
bank to another one country to another
but first Jenk do you want to jump in
yeah so Rob Goldstone sets up this Trump
Tower meeting he's the one that famously
sent the email to Don Trump jr. saying
hey listen these are rushing government
guys and they want to they it said a
quote part of Russia and its government
support for mr. Trump Don Donald Trump
jr. famously responds I
it sets up the meeting so Goldstone's
gonna be important because eventually
some of the money winds up in his bank
account he's the one that set up the
meeting for the Russians with Trump so
the fact that that the money transfers
happened and Anna will give you the
details here shortly after the Trump
Tower meeting and then shortly after
Donald Trump wins unlikely to be a
coincidence and there's a bank account
that's used that shows you pretty
clearly that money's coming in in an
unusual way yeah that tips you off as to
something untoward going on here yeah so
there's a lot going on with this story a
lot of money being transferred through
all these different places so just try
to follow along with me I have a hard
time you know keeping up with it but
it's pretty detailed so first let's talk
about what happened after the notorious
Trump Tower meeting so only 11 days
after the June 9th meeting an offshore
company controlled controlled by Aguilar
off wired more than nineteen point five
million dollars to his account at a bank
in New York
okay let's pause there I want to try to
give as much context as I can as we go
along so aguillera off is a billionaire
he is very good friends with Vladimir
Putin and he got one of the highest
awards that the Russian government gives
the order of Honor in 2013 so he's in
the construction business him wiring
money is not unusual in fact between
2006 and 2016
silver Valley one of the companies
involved here made nearly 200
transactions for a hundred ninety
million dollars so when investigators
looked at it they saw that a lot of the
money is perfectly normal have to do
with this construction business etc that
is why the money that they're talking
about stood out to them is they're like
wait this is not like the others this is
weird and different so that's the
context I wanted you guys to have for
that yeah exactly so the UH Galera
family started spending 1.2 million
dollars or sending I should say sending
1.2 million dollars from their bank in
Russia to an account in New Jersey
controlled by the billionaires son who's
a hop singer and
in a goal or offices name and two of his
friends bankers found it strange that
activity in that checking's account
surged after Trump's victory now they
found it strange because that account
was created in the early 2000s there was
no but you know activity in it until
about 2015 there was like a small
deposit in there and then all of a
sudden out of nowhere there's 1.2
million dollars coming into that account
from Russia so I can give details on
that too so there was only one $200
deposit before this money came in so
it's obviously an account that isn't
used very much at all
just 13 days after the election they
throw a 1.2 million dollars into an
account that only had $200 that's
exactly the kind of thing that gets you
a suspicious activity report in a bank
and and and investigators had asked for
the bank to look into it as well so now
the two sets the timing that we have is
11 days after the Trump Tower meeting a
huge amount of money gets wired over to
America
ok through a route that takes them
through the British Virgin Islands which
is a very common route to launder money
ok and 13 days after Trump wins more
money comes in right so it seemed like
if you're a normal investigator you look
at that and you go looks like there was
some promise made to and and we'll
deliver our money for you if you can get
us the meeting and then we'll deliver
more money for you if Trump actually
wins and we're gonna get what we want
it's a very logical evolution they'll
have to look more of course at all the
transactions to connect those dots but
so far the money trail certainly seems
to indicate that right so let's talk a
little more about what happened in New
Jersey so after the election this is
according to BuzzFeed news and and you
know their analysis of these records
that New Jersey account sent money to a
company controlled by some dude named
Mike Koval it's a longtime business
associate of the aguillera offs now
Cavill Ed's company meanwhile had long
funded a music business set up by the
person who first proposed the meeting to
the Trump camp and that was Eman
Aguilera's publicist Rob Goldstone and
there we are at Goldstone yes so Cudlitz
doesn't do music as his regular business
buy though he was implicated in a
money-laundering scam to the tune of 1.4
billion dollars he set up 2,000
different corporations in the state of
Delaware and the Government
Accountability Office believes that it
was for money laundering purposes so
this guy who has according to our
government a track record of now to be
fair by the way they he was not charged
but the Government Accountability Office
thought that this was four and the
reports clearly stated they thought it
was for money laundering Kabul odds
defense was it was a witch hunt hmm is
that sound familiar to you guys from
anywhere okay so this guy who our
government believes is known for money
laundering and a lot of it it's
connected to Rob Goldstone who set up
the meeting any but Kabul ads is getting
the money from the Aguilera's so it's
obviously the angle Arabs are
transferring the money eventually at the
Goldstone it is he appears obvious at
least based on this money trail again
investigators will see what they can
prove and not prove right and so what do
the UH glory gain from a meeting with
Donald Trump and then from Donald Trump
winning gold stones says later that he
felt that this is the worst thing that
they made him do but he got paid
handsomely for it so he probably doesn't
feel that bad and Cullen's business
normally does have a new with music so
why is he giving all this money to a guy
whose job is music yeah there's a lot of
strange things going on and by the way
this isn't the US government flagging
things these are bankers flagging things
because they've noticed a bunch of
strange behavior not only was this
previously unused checking account now
all of a sudden getting this huge you
know wire transfer to the tune of 1.9
million but there's also an issue of the
round numbers so apparently if a bank
account gets you know huge wire
transfers and the numbers or round
numbers then that's usually you know a
red flag but then there was a second red
flag bankers also
notice that some of the transactions
pass through multiple companies a
process that can indicate layering or a
way to hide the original source of funds
so that's common when money's being
laundered so again the bankers flagged
it for that reason and so we'll see what
the investigation finds but I want to
skip ahead to graphic 68 because after
the election there was other activity
that I think you should know about so on
November 21st 2016 Ameen Aguilar offs
checking account received one hundred
sixty five thousand dollars from an
account based in Russia belonging to his
family the following day the account
sent one hundred one hundred seven
thousand dollars to Corsi international
a company run by Kabul Ed's the long
time Aguilar associate who attended that
Trump Tower meeting okay so Kabul Ed's
was an employee of the Aguilera's crocus
group based in Russia
why bankers wondered would the funds
start in Russia briefly make a pit stop
in Amin Aguilera offs New Jersey account
and finally be sent to course the
international so I want to be clear
about a couple of things so it is for
federal law enforcement officials that
BuzzFeed got this story from so law
enforcement is working with the bankers
second thing I want to make clear is at
no point in this story does the money
wind up in the hands of a Trump right
yeah so let's just be clear about that
what this seems to show and this is not
a court of law here guys
but if you're a rational person making
rational connections is if they are
going through some great lengths to hide
money that is being sent to someone who
helps set up that Trump Tower meeting so
you don't send money through a couple of
different shell companies or pass money
from company to company to company and
have it go through a post office box in
the British Virgin Islands if you're not
trying to hide it right so so the final
part of this that stood out to me I
think you should know about is that
whole core C international company right
so they allegedly have this office
in New York and so investigators showed
up oh no not investigators I'm sorry uh
no bankers showed up and they're like
let's go look at this you know so called
office let's see what's going on there
and guess what they found when
examiner's began investigating this
address they discovered at least eight
other companies located there so it's
the same address but eight other
companies associated with that address
all of them controlled by cava LEDs
Ameen Aguilar off or their associates
and when they went to check it out
it there was no marking on it no
indication of a business being set up
there and the individual behind the door
refused to open the door and refused to
say anything or even take a business
card from a reporter yeah so do do I
know exactly what the Agua Rob's and
maybe perhaps other people that they
represent in Russia wanted out of that
Trump Tower meeting no you'd have to
have more details and more evidence
about it but does it seem clear on the
record already that they were very
excited to get that meeting with Trump
and then very excited that Trump won so
excited that they were passing a lot of
money to the people who helped set up
that meeting that part appears clear now
and for whatever reason if you're just
gonna hoe well no matter where you are
on the political spectrum in not
believing that Russia had any interest
in Trump at all again I gotta ask you
why do you think they pass all that
money from all those different companies
through the Virgin Islands to the people
who set up the meeting if they weren't
deeply interested in getting something
out of that meeting by the way what was
the essence of the meeting it was hey
we'll give you information on Hill dirt
on Hillary Clinton that was what was
promised by Rob Goldstone in the email
now some people say that no they didn't
deliver on that in that meeting keep
that in mind okay but that was the
premise what did they want in return
that's the important part they wanted
the sanctions on Russian oligarchs
lifted that's the Magnitsky Act that's
what the Russian government officials
talked about in that meeting and by the
way Trump Donald Trump jr. at the end of
the meetings
look we're not in power right now but if
we win we'd like to see you again
and hey lo and behold there's another
deposit that comes in after the election
so again it doesn't go to the Trump's
but the people who set up that meeting
apparently they did a good job and the
Russian oligarchs were pleased yeah and
even if it has absolutely nothing to do
with Trump which of course it does we
have you know Russian oligarchs
laundering all sorts of money here in
the United States and so it's something
that we should do something about yeah
but look if we can't law enforcement
officials looking into it so yeah tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick we
told you it was the money laundering all
right let's see what more comes of it
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT dot-com slash app
