Donald Trump has made repeated claims
since the election about his ability and
record on pressuring US companies to
keep jobs here in the US to not allow
them to move those jobs abroad and in a
couple of high-profile cases he's gotten
incredible amount of credit given to him
for these victories of his and so I
thought why don't we go back why don't
we update on a couple of those cases and
see if he deserves the credit he got so
first of all you've probably heard of
carrier because of how good their
conditions are no because the the debate
about the jobs I went on four months and
so we got a little montage of some of
trumps statements about carrier
pressuring them to keep jobs here
if I were in office right now carrier
would not be leaving Indiana that I can
tell you we're saving the jobs at the
carrier plant from going to Mexico 1,100
jobs within 24 hours I'll get a call
that carrier I don't say mr. president
we've decided to stay in the United
States
these companies aren't going to be
leaving anymore they're not going to be
taking people's hearts out they're not
going to be announcing like they did at
carrier that they're closing up in the
moving to Mexico over 1,100 jobs and by
the way that numbers going to go up very
substantially so Big Talk there they're
not going to move the jobs they said
they're going to in fact there's gonna
be even more jobs soon and that was uh
in advance in negotiating with them
which he did he ended up giving them
despite the fact that he attacked people
who use incentives to keep jobs in the
US decide to give them seven million
dollars in tax breaks do not move those
jobs overseas
additionally got them to say that they
would invest sixteen million dollars
into that plant which it turned out a
month later they decided to invest in
automation instead yet they talk about
upgrading the plants they upgraded by
essentially eliminating a bunch of
little Megan it sucks that we wouldn't
need workers exactly but okay fine it
looks like generally he succeeded then
in fact you put out a tweet saying big
day on Thursday for Indiana and the
great workers of that wonderful state we
will keep our companies and jobs in us
thanks carrier and that was met with so
much praise in the media and amongst his
supporters for keeping those jobs look
he's keeping his promises except not so
much news broke this week carriers
laying off more than six hundred
employees from its Indianapolis plant
next month the same plant Trump vowed to
keep on American soil those jobs will in
fact go to Mexico
so of course look that the greatest
tragedy is for those six hundred plus
families who were going to be affected
by this but the country as a whole has
been swindled this was the example of
his negotiating ability and look I know
everybody wants to see the jobs captain
so there's this desire were primed to
want to give him credit for doing this
and so a lot of people were very excited
in fact I don't think anybody predicted
that it wouldn't work out the way Trump
said except for this guy company
originally put more than two thousand
jobs at risk 1,400 met at an
Indianapolis plant and 700 at a
Huntington plant owned by carriers
parent company United Technologies fewer
than
we'll remain even after the deal so
already less than fifty percent of those
who are going to go are supposedly going
to stay that is best case scenario now I
don't know that we will see what ends up
happening that it will be reported in
the meteor that we'll even notice
I guarantee far fewer will actually end
up staying here it's all well and good
on day one of some supposed deal to say
almost a thousand jobs were saved we've
covered a lot of companies and we know
the sort of shenanigans they get up - I
guarantee far fewer jobs will actually
be saved that guy is normally a moron
but he was right in a particular case
unreal and by the way badly because
those jobs think of the families yeah so
excited when their jobs are going to
stay no I mean and and they wrap
themselves around that dream and that
promise and you could see glad we showed
all the clips of Trump because when he
speaks in that populist way you can see
that hungry Americans that is saying
hungry Americans in the sense that they
want economic development they want
economic dynamics that they're not
experiencing right now they feel wow
this is finally the guy this is our
champion that's why that carrier message
that he stumped all through the campaign
was so powerful but then as was pointed
out by Johnny I by the way that was Jay
clip from November and already you can
see those months have taken such a toll
I'm on John and it basically looks so
much older you can't see my mental
health but it's not good but we said at
the time I mean you were so smart to
actually predict it was essentially
bankrupt of any legitimacy but we said
at the time that we're essentially
bribing corporations to stay in this
country that's if they actually had
stayed here as it turns out now they are
moving a bunch of jobs to Mexico but
what that also did was sort of set up a
precedent which is hey mr. president
we're going to move unless you could
help me out with some taxpayer dollars
to keep us in this country so even on
its face on the merits were actually
going to happen which it didn't it was
still a bad idea yeah guys supposed to
know how to negotiate how business works
I mean I don't know I first thing about
business but as soon as he made the
steel is like if I had a company I would
to go to Mexico that's obviously what
you should do but look maybe were being
unfair uh focusing just in carrier maybe
you know unforeseen circumstances all of
that so there were other companies that
he successfully pressure to keep their
jobs here at one point there was a
concerns about Boeing cutting a bunch of
jobs so uh back in the day Donald Trump
tweeted this going to Charleston South
Carolina in order to spend time with
Boeing and talk jobs looking forward to
it
and so he goes and he gives us big
speech from one of the Boeing plants
here's a quote from that speech jobs is
one of the primary reasons I'm standing
here today as your president and I will
never ever disappoint you
he also said there would be a very
substantial price to pay for companies
who fire their employees and move their
facilities overseas uh unfortunately
news broke this week Boeing confirmed
the CN n that's laying off roughly 200
employees from that same plant that he
gave that speech at so I guess we will
find out what those very substantial
price to pay will be and again this
speaks to the bankruptcy and I use that
word deliberately of Donald Trump's
message there is nothing to it it is a
bunch of promises and he makes them to
people who are desperate to believe in a
promise and then he doesn't deliver on
anything he's not a good businessman see
the reference bankruptcy the guy has had
you know more bankruptcy some sure than
a lot of people have had over draws on
their checking account I mean this guy
is a horrible businessman but what he
does so effectively is he messages yeah
and in those stump speeches he makes
those promises and you want to believe
them everyone wants to believe them and
they're carried by mainstream media and
we parse them here on the Turks as best
we can but the truth is a lot of faith
was put in just these messages which are
as I say completely bankrupted yeah of
any legitimacy Yeah right in as I
watched uh his speech but one of the
speeches about carrier and it wasn't
including that montage we showed you but
he said at one point as a businessman
for years I was just I take I take I
take I take now I'm gonna take for you
which sounds great it's a great line but
he's taking from you a look at the
Senate health care bill which we're
gonna break down a little bit later on
some more he's not taking
for you he's giving to the companies and
the companies will take your jobs away
anyway and by the way just to say that
is exactly right I'm glad you made that
point because you heard before the
election from those who wanted to
believe in Donald Trump and for those
some of them were not in such bad
economic straits hey it's about time we
get a businessman in there who can
really lean in for America and negotiate
good deals for America well they were
essentially just regurgitating what he
was saying on the stump I'm going to
make great deals for America but the
truth is he's not a great deal maker and
we've seen that in business and now
we're seeing it played out here he's
he's a total counterfeit and he's an
incompetent to boot but we're seeing now
prima facie evidence of that in the case
of Boeing carrier and as John says so on
yeah and while we both break down one
more area because when interesting
contrast over the past decade Plus and
how the two different sides dealt with
the automobile manufacturers and so uh
back in the Great Recession there were a
couple of car companies which are doing
incredibly poorly they have been for a
number of years but things look like
they're gonna go really bad and there
might be some some bankruptcies some of
the classic American car manufacturers
might go under and uh under Brock Obama
we decided to bail them out do this
massive investment but they eventually
paid back and for some reason at the
time a lot of Republicans attacked him
for saving those classic US jobs even
after it was paid back they still said
it was a bad idea this is an issue that
came up during the last campaign so they
didn't like that and so then when it
looked like Ford you know under Trump
was going to move a bunch of jobs
overseas Trump once again left in there
used his superior negotiating skills
this is to commemorate it he tweeted big
announcement by Ford today major
investment to be made in three Michigan
plants car companies coming back to the
US jobs jobs jobs shots shots shots
so look he was successful he once again
pressured this big company to keep their
jobs
unfortunately the joke is on him and the
joke is on us because Ford announced
Tuesday it's moving production of its
focus model to China just months after
Trump pressured the company to cancel
its plans to move that model to Mexico
so I mean I guess it worked they didn't
to Mexico
I mean and look here they're moving for
the same reason the Donald Trump makes
his tires and yeah makes his products
overseas because the price of labor is
so much cheaper you just can't compete
with that overseas labor market and so
yes uh you're seeing Ford carrier and
the rest Boeing uh Lee and and and again
they're leading a parade of companies
that have already gone overseas and will
continue to go overseas it's just the
labor market there yeah yeah it's
incredibly rough in it's it's possibly
outside you know of the media defect of
any president to turn that around
there's a lot of history there um but
they're theoretically are there other
moves that you could make you could you
could push for trade deals that that
increase the the the negotiating ability
and the the wages of workers overseas
try to improve their standard of living
making the comparative advantage of
moving overseas less significant uh
there's a lot of stuff that you can do
and Trump said during the campaign that
he'd be different than the the
stereotypical Republicans but he's not
you give the companies these massive tax
breaks to stay they leave but they keep
the tax breaks is just handing over
these huge sums of money to companies
that's what we've seen under Republicans
for literally decades yeah as we get
under Trump he is hitting the jobs thing
so effectively but even at the time we
mentioned here in the Turks the greatest
threat to American jobs is automation
automation is by far a greater threat
than any sort of problem with immigrants
coming over the border and that that's
just BS I mean in relation to the real
threat to American jobs across the board
automation is a much greater threat yeah
yeah by the way look I know to some
extent for those of you who are big
progresses and and didn't ever like
Trump this isn't gonna be a huge
surprise to you I get that uh and you
shouldn't just be mad at Trump you can
also be mad these companies by the way
because Trump didn't just lie they lied
you as well and will continue to do so
uh but this is more for for those who
are for possibly like find Trump to be
interesting or like seeing something
different the White House not getting
something different you're getting lies
they just happen to have orange hair
this time around and I want you to be on
the lookout because we the reason we
focus on these three case studies is
that there
be more the next time he gets Lockheed
Martin to supposedly make some sort of
big investment that they already
announced three years of it three years
ago they were to make people are gonna
be ready to give him credit but I want
you to be armed with the knowledge to
know that he lies about the process as
it's ongoing and as soon as the
spotlight is off very often those jobs
don't actually materialize membership
helps fund the Young Turks you know one
great thing about that that means we're
not accountable to anyone but you guys
that's why we're strong together because
we built the show around you come build
it even bigger and better at TYT Network
dot-com slash join
