as we said obviously Donald Trump was
receiving a very friendly interview by
Fox and Friends we should have expected
that but now that interview is actually
being attacked not just by us by but by
others in the media you're gonna see an
example of it right here I did not take
there's a smart way to make sure he
stayed honest in his hearings well it
wasn't it wasn't very stupid I can tell
you that he was he did admit that what I
said was right and if you look further
back before he heard about that I think
maybe he wasn't admitting that so you'll
have to do a little investigative
reporting well let's set aside the tough
probing questions on state TV there Oh
state TV in it he's not the only person
that referred to in that particular way
that was a pretty smart handsome thing
you did there mr. president that was a
lot big handed way to disagree I can't
disagree with you there fill in the
blank whatever your name is Fox person
yeah I don't I don't think that he knows
by the way we didn't mention the past
own but when he said you hear all about
this the surveillance that's going on
the unmasking a word you've probably
never heard of before that's just him
admitting he had never heard of it
before like why would you assume that a
reporter and learned that before you
tell me but anyway um it's a big charge
to levy to call them state TV and state
TV and various dictatorial regimes
responsible for a lot of bad stuff going
on beyond just propaganda theoretically
so let's not rush into it Jerry
Jackson's put together a montage from
that interview we will see if John King
had a point they put everything into it
at every consultant they had agencies
advertising agencies I mean think of it
Hollywood came out give him a chance you
know that's all people are it's
backfiring on the Democrats because
they're saying just give them a chance
all the nasty rhetoric all the collusion
all the corruption that hasn't been
proven all the leaks just give him a
chance
what are Democrats saying they're just
trashing it saying okay we're going to
die chop if this becomes law but what
they're not doing is they're not saying
here's how we would fix Obamacare right
because Obamacare is failing as the
president says what
the people love to see two parties
getting together and coming up with the
perfect health care but maybe refreshing
all confucian eyes now the president
united states was elected president last
November because of his negotiating
skills smart man I mean it you know he's
the outsider won the presidency they
wanted to see does that does the
American public still support him and
clearly they do try do yet the Democrats
push this Russia thing people in America
feel that message is bad for you know I
was happy about the fact that Americans
are CR normal as I was starting to worry
that with everyone you know yelling and
the crazy stuff about the president and
blowing up the White House all that
stuff I said you know what I wonder if
America is the same as it was while I
was growing up and my story didn't
change my story was always a straight
story my story was always the truth but
you'll have to determine for yourself
whether or not his story changed but I
did not take there's a smart way to make
sure he stayed honest in his hearings
well it wasn't it wasn't very stupid
it's just saying just tell the truth
tell the truth because Robert Miller
never said or James Comey had never said
anything about the president not being
under investigation until the president
says there might be there might be tapes
and then all of a sudden the story
changes and he says you know what
I told him three times that she was not
under investigation tweet yesterday some
of the comments to you and saying that
Donald Trump was trying to intimidate
James Comey by suggesting there may be
tapes look everyone this is all going to
be sorted out by Robert Solow special
counsel but what's wrong with saying hey
you better tell the truth that's all the
president wanted James call me and the
others to say look you're telling
everybody else I'm not in under
investigation I could get stuff done
with my administration just tell
somebody would you we've been saying it
from the beginning America could care
less about this everyone's making a big
thing about Russia they want jobs they
want health care they want to be proud
of the country they want to keep hearing
about how horrible president is so as I
pointed out when we were watching the
videos before the show uh they're
obviously Jeannine Pierre prayer Oh
Piero her objective there is to to cover
for Trump's of potential crimes of
course but as I always point out if you
think that it's a waste of time that
people
talking about Russia I can news for you
bigger waste of time is spending all
your time talking about how other people
are spending their time talking about
Russia instead of saying rather than
talk about Russia talk about jobs how
about you talk about jobs consider it
it's a possibility you have a lot of
resources yeah they can they spent a lot
of time covering Trump's tracks and as
to state TV they are there that
certainly the TV of record when it comes
to this administration right there's no
other there's no other outlet that is
essentially acting as an apologist and
sort of explaining away this and that
and again trying to lead the raw raw
charge for Donald Trump yeah they've
been there from the start although even
at the beginning and people forget Fox
News wasn't you on board with him right
away well I think what was amazing about
Fox & Friends is that I think they're
much more in that direction than Fox's
like I mean look Sean Hannity obviously
really likes Donald Trump he spends all
of his time telling people stop talking
about Russia um but the five wasn't
generally necessarily on his side megyn
kelly was obviously a big critic but Fox
and Friends very quickly picked him up
and they have just run with it which I'm
sure is good for their career as they
get to go to the White House and
everything but they look ridiculous even
compared to the rest of a Fox News which
is which is difficult they do and by the
way they do a lot of this I think you're
really right to mention they get to go
to the White House
oddly because they do it for access you
know they have access to the Oval Office
and to the president when these
one-on-one interviews I mean they're
these absurdly weak questions I don't
even call them questions and really she
made two remarks there which is you know
they're bordered on oh you're so
handsome I mean they really did I mean
yeah yeah and yet they get access
through coddling the president and I
think they know lastly that the
president watches their show every day
don't forget that that show that we make
fun of that's the show he watches every
morning yeah so it's very important what
these people I was got a nice thing I
was going to I was going to call them
trout because they all sort of swim in
the same direction uh what it's very
important
what they say every morning and that's
the that's what he's having with his
morning breakfast yeah you're totally
right I mean look he will he'll say
things positive about them on Twitter
which I'm sure helps them out amongst
his fans uh and yet he's watching it and
he's getting his news from Ducey and
Friends like that's like if they put up
an infographic about an issue that's
what he talks about that day as a crazy
is a crazy world we've entered into and
so I I guess they're making the right
business decision at the very least but
probably not best for the country what
do you get for young turks membership
it's a mystery only one way to find out
toi tea network.com /join
