four Republican senators announced
yesterday that at least at present they
could not support the Senate Republican
health bill and today we actually have a
fifth this is a Dean Heller of Nevada
who had a press conference with governor
Sandoval and he had this to say about
the bill it's not the answer it's simply
not the answer in this form I will not
support it
Heller said he can't support a bill that
quote takes insurance away from tens of
millions of Americans and hundreds of
thousands of Nevadans and then finally
also on the insurance premiums he says
there isn't anything in this bill that
would lower premiums as we broke down
there's a lot in there that will
inevitably raise your premiums and so at
least as of right now Heller is the
number five and that makes it that much
more difficult than to pass this and
he's 100% right about what he says yeah
I mean and he probably said it in a
softer way than can be said I mean if
the if you miss John breaking down the
health care bill and it was just sort of
a succinct summary of what the bill
won't do and will do you ought to go
back and take a look at it because I
thought that was really some some great
work this is a bill that's where I
disagree with you but go on uh it will
it will increase ill increase premiums
the caps have exist you know some of the
broad strokes anyway about this bill we
still don't have a CBO report on it and
what that will come but this this bill
obviously is a is a money grab this is a
bigger ma I wasn't a fan of Obamacare
initially because I thought it was it
was a money grab for insurance companies
yeah this is a money grab for rich
people unlike anything I've ever seen
yeah and and and and in the end it's
wake it will leave a lot of sick and
dying people literally yeah it's it's
interesting how blatantly they're going
after certain groups that generally in
politics have a little bit more
protection like the allowing the
insurance companies to to jack up the
rates specifically on older Americans oh
great older Americans are smart and vote
and so generally the positions pay them
so much deference dr. Janice pace it's
like imagine the ads that are going to
be run when your grandma's health
insurance premium theoretically goes up
by two three or five times we ran that a
great ad that they
running remember the ad that we ran the
campaign ad uh it might have just been a
general ad about the woman going and uh
Hawking her wedding ring
grandma was also in some kind of the the
Father gave away his uh his pickup truck
he sold his pickup truck to get money
for the kid who's in the hospital right
right and and these things literally
will happen but John is right you know
the AARP that is a group of people who
have a serious lobbying power in
Washington those are all senior citizens
I mean you become a herpe way before you
think you you should be but the fact is
that's a constituency that has some
lobbying power so for them to be carved
out specifically as people who will have
premiums raised that's amazing and of
course it's unsustainable so you're
telling me that you're going to raise
premiums on the oldest Americans who
will need it who are going to be sick
and are going to be in desperate
situations these of either health you're
going to raise rates on them uh it's
it's on system you're gonna lose them in
other words yeah so it's a yeah we might
unfortunately literally lose them right
will literals and of course and and will
happen as a younger people opt out of
the whole thing because and there's
nothing in the Senate bill to require
them to have the health insurance and
that's why the sustainability becomes a
question right yeah exactly and uh the
AARP is already put out a press release
press release they're of course against
this so that's gonna consequential that
might be one of the things that's
causing Heller to think about this uh
Heller by the way is also up for
re-election in 2018 in a state won by
Hillary Clinton what a coincidence so
that's consideration now it could be a
policy thing I mean this is a state that
has expanded Medicaid under the ACA and
so he's right a lot of people that state
have gotten health insurance thanks to
the ACA so that could be lost so he's
considered a moderate Republican I which
means someday he'll run as a Democrat uh
and so it could be that he's just being
honest but regardless of the reasons he
said he can't support a bill that takes
millions off of uh health insurance
which is different than Ted Cruz's
problem Ted Cruz wants a little bit more
leniency for the insurance companies and
they can maybe provide that
modifying the bill but they're not gonna
modify the bill in a way that stops it
from taking health insurance away from
millions and so Heller seems like a
harder no at this point to overcome than
some of the others this bill is going to
have so much stank on it no one's gonna
want to go near it I think and when I
say known I know they're not going to
have you know and have we been wrong
before about this prediction oh wait
yeah that's right we have been so we
have been yes take everything we say
with a grain of salt but don't take in
too many grain assaults because your
health insurance is gonna be worth much
older yeah watch diet bad but the yeses
but look there there are some 10-foot
Pole mark start to show up on this bill
that's all I'm saying and that and
Heller's one of them yeah the
interesting thing is based off of almost
no understanding about how Washington C
really works but the more it seems
unlikely for to pass the more reason
there is for those who are sort of on
the fence to come out against it because
you don't want to be tied to this thing
any more than you need to be even short
of a vote if you were coming out vocally
against it you're still possibly gonna
be threatened by this thing and so
Heller makes that a little bit more
likely I think one other thing I want to
say I tweeted about this because it
struck me it's odd that of all the
things that are in this bill obviously
that one of the biggest problems we have
is that it's basically a gigantic tax
cut disguised as a health care bill it
has all these tax cuts and so far I
don't know that I've seen Trump or
McConnell or any other Republican
senator ask the question why do those
tax cuts need to be in there like
theoretically you want to make all these
other changes health insurance okay you
can try to explain why that's necessary
to blankety-blank and blah de blah why
are the tax cuts in there at all that's
a great point judgment mentioned I make
them defend that they'll defend it
they'll be fighting to defend it but
make them go on the record explaining
why millions should be taken off their
health insurance at the same time that
Sheldon Adelson gets forty four million
dollars like at least make them say it
on video yeah the one thing that has
been discussed I mean a lot is how this
bill was crafted under sort of cover of
darkness yeah I think it's a fair point
that now that we know some of the
specifics about the bill we really have
given him a pass on a lot of those
specifics
and that's one of them yeah why the why
the huge tax cut exactly yeah I mean we
obviously we understand why but but the
whole dungeon server tax cut actually I
would love to see them have to have to
say that and I don't know that we're
gonna get in the actual debate cuz it
looks like it's gonna be about ten hours
10 hours of the biggest bills in years
ensure amazing there were literally
dozens of public hearings of ACA the
debate went on for almost a year all
these attempts to get the Republicans
involved in the different factions of
democratic party fighting about it
that's obviously the the cause of some
of the problems that we both have on the
bill and we're gonna get 10 hours and
hours that is insanity
Young Turks membership creates
independent media believe me no ads
believe me all the show believe me on
demand
believe me support independent media
believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me by
the end you'll be thinking you know like
a smart person tea white tea network.com
slash join
