since the Virginia a baseball field
shooting Congress has been in this
debate about how exactly to address what
they're seeing as this new threat to
their members you know what sort of
security should we have and we're gonna
give you that update here by the way
Scalise has apparently been moved out of
the critical care portion of the
hospital that he's in so it looks like
his condition continues to improve which
obviously is very good news rate and it
was very very scary in the early days
I'm sure for him and his family and
friends but let's go back to security so
apparently a number of members of
Congress met with Paul Ryan and there
was this discussion about freeing up a
certain amount of the campaign funds
basically the money they have allotted
to them nothing it's specifically
campaign but it's this money that they
have their congressional allowances to
possibly allow them to use up to $25,000
of that for additional security so at
present it doesn't look like it's new
funding that they'll have but allowing
them to use their funding in a different
way as well lawmakers exiting the
meeting said that the funds would likely
help lawmakers hire personal protection
especially in districts where local
police aren't able to provide
around-the-clock security which is
probably true for a lot of members of
Congress the funds could also be used to
help members pay for alarms in their
homes or panic buttons if they're ever
in physical danger no word yet on panic
rooms now in terms of what has actually
been done there was a twenty nine
million dollar bump for the Capitol
Police which obviously would directly
impact the sort of attack that we saw
additionally members have discussed
obtaining a blanket waivers from the FEC
permitting members to use campaign funds
for security while conducting political
business currently they can obtain
individual waivers but they want to free
that up make it a little bit easier in
the future I don't mean to be skeptical
but that last thing is a big deal when I
think you're allowed that total
discretion over monies that were
designated for your campaign and you can
apply them to security I just feel it's
it's just fraught with problems in terms
of that money being responsibly spent we
have enough problems with money being
responsibly spent anyway in Washington
government money and money
from representatives but I think that
really leaves the door open having said
that obviously you'd like to see some
protection for these people away from
the hill right now they only have
protection now when they're there near
the place of governance if you will
unless they're in leadership right
exactly right which is what was the case
with that baseball field but you know
when they're doing community theater or
whatever they're doing I mean you know
they there's nobody watching the doors
so it does seem as though something
would be appropriate yeah I mean of
course right when you start giving
blanket allowances to allow members of
Congress politicians to spend their
money freely and they could just say
line-item security you know that said
that seems to be the you know like this
is where we're gonna draw the line on
that's true on campaign finance like
that seems like they need more security
and this seems like a pointless thing to
argue against and have at it well but I
would be interested to find out it is if
you were to run a poll nationwide do do
members of Congress have bodyguards I
think a lot of Americans maybe the
majority would say yeah they have
bodyguards at all times there it's a
terrible terrible time everything you
know it's a terrible time they they
probably do need this yeah I won't argue
I don't I don't argue the specifics here
except I share your concern about the
blanket waivers if they want to use
their money to get security they'll
probably find out some way to be corrupt
with that it does it's not immediately
apparent to me how that is I would just
say if they need security they should
get security but they don't need
security because this attack just
happened I mean there's there's no
evidence that this attack is connected
to anything broader is indicative of any
sort of new trend you're right it is an
event but well Gabby Giffords was shot
and I believe since the beginning there
have been a couple of dozen congressmen
who have been shot over those a couple
hundred year history of our nation which
is terrible each one of those instances
but not necessarily proof that millirem
needs security at all times if they want
to get it I'm not saying it's just
there's a there's an ugliness to the
time that's true we live in and
obviously doesn't seem to be to be a big
stretch
that politicians are are perhaps but
you're right everything you say is true
they are perhaps are more in danger I
don't think GOP lawmakers are in more
danger than Democratic lawmakers all
right I would argue the opposite but in
but it's not that's a silly argument to
make let's not let 45 more minutes it's
not the first time a argument go that's
gonna last yeah we're not the Young
Turks you're The Young Turks you power
this show together we build something
amazing we broken stories like the Donna
Brazile story the mainstream media
wouldn't break we built the studio we
built this network it's now number one
all thanks to you guys let's come build
it even bigger and stronger TYT Network
comm /join
