fortunately in today's world we've left
misogyny behind how you interview her
will she be sitting on your lap I could
one can only hope
beautiful Ivanka she by the way your
daughter she's beautiful shame is a
piece of ass okay so maybe we've
actually recently fallen behind by about
a hundred years know your role and shut
your mouth
I am one of countless woman who has
experienced sexual violence including
rape I consider myself an expert on the
topic not only through my personal
experience but also from founding a
nonprofit for rape and incest survivors
as well as speaking to hundreds of
survivors and hearing their stories
misogyny has been normalized in our
culture to the point that women expect
to experience misogyny and sexual
harassment on the streets
in the workplace from nine to five
they'll take it all they can't and even
in our homes despite these experiences
we like to believe that society is
changing for the better
possibly improving that is it for
instance sure women can now serve in the
military but when female soldiers make
sexual harassment claims they frequently
face retaliation while the perpetrators
go unpunished we think that sexual
harassment policies in the workplace are
there to protect victims predominantly
woman but men do get harassed as well
but the policies frequently do nothing
in fact these policies often end up
protecting perpetrators in positions of
power power silence is the little guy
any when you're star they let you do it
you can do anything whatever you want
grab them by the pussy it's not that
woman don't want to do something to stop
the harassment but in many cases women
are forced to accept these behaviors
because they simply have no recourse
that's probably why 75% of people who
experience sexual harassment don't
report it it's understandable why
victims of sexual harassment would be
terrified to speak up you become a
victim all over again
female farmworkers are one of the most
vulnerable populations to experience
sexual harassment and not speak up
because half of immigrant farm workers
don't have legal immigration papers
employers know this and use threats and
intimidation to keep their workers quiet
and the farm workers have little to no
protection because of immigration
policies that forbid representation of
undocumented workers so the question
isn't what we should do in response to
sexual harassment it's how do we prevent
this from happening
Harvard recently published research on
how to prevent sexual harassment titled
the talk I spoke to the main author
Richard Y spork and asked him in a
nutshell what can we do as a community
to stop sexual harassment and his
response was that we need to start
having the conversations with kids as
early as sixth grade around what respect
means teach kids early on that men and
women experienced things differently let
boys know that there is nothing macho
about bonding with friends and degrading
woman when it happens
teach them to stand up for the person
being too
grade it and that's what is honorable we
need to stop dividing girls into good
and bad girls and slut-shaming stand up
for those being slut-shamed one thing he
says we can collectively do is stop
perpetuating the idea that boys being
boys and locker room talk are okay
they're not okay
I also spoke to tip Johnny Roy at
hollaback org a global movement working
to end harassment she broke it down
simply for me she says we need to one
affirm it and name it for what it is
harassment
to confirm it's a problem and validate
the experience share your story and read
other people's stories and three move
the community to confirm that it's not
an individual's responsibility to
respond to harassment it's the
community's responsibility a simple
action you can take that makes a huge
difference is to give the person being
victimized what she calls a knowing
glance she says that even a small
unspoken acknowledgement during or
immediately following an incident has
been proven to reduce the victims
experience of trauma together we can
change harassment culture if we stop
tolerating it start talking about it it
call it out when we see it happening if
you're interested in learning more about
how you can stop harassment when you see
it happening holla back org is offering
a free bystander intervention digital
training for the month of July visit a
hollaback org to register I'm Jena Kim
thanks for listening
you
