lena dunham posted a nude selfie of
herself on instagram only to have one of
her male followers tell her that she was
not taking a picture of her breasts
correctly okay so she posted this photo
of herself and one of her followers said
you're supposed to hold the boobs up
over the arm to enhance the cleavage
getting a smushed down effect here
instead you're still cute though kiss so
one of Lina's followers another one of
her followers telomer calls that
shout-out to this guy mansplaining
taking nudes as a woman with breasts -
lena dunham on her own Instagram Lina
Donna then responded saying this guy
seems very fun I'd love to hang with him
casually thanks G I was so worried about
flattening my boobs and had zero skills
to combat it guys a makeup artist so
he's in charge of making girls look good
is that true he's a makeup artist he's a
fun makeup artist it was like these
weird photos on his Instagram of him
naked with like one of those donut rafts
you know those donut hello knees and his
ass is out and I do think he would I
think she means it if she looked at his
Instagram he seems like he's fun to hang
out with casually I think he was joking
I think it was a joke I think plus
there's a way that's like actually
you're supposed to squeeze your boobs
until they appear above like that's more
like making fun of the idea of women on
Instagram who are craning their boobs
into awkward situations like there's a
way to read that joke where that lease
has a premise that I understand where
he's parroting some of the aspects of
the way that women pose on Instagram he
didn't seem like the enemy when I
started researching his Instagram my
enemy to me before researching is
Instagram well I mean I okay but anyway
yes well I mean here's here's my thing
is I hate to be explaining I understand
that it's probably what I'm doing at
this present time so it's like did it
too far
um no all I was gonna say was that I
think for both scenarios with Lena
Dunham talking about how she posed and
additionally this guy whether he was
being a parody or he was actually trying
to mansplain how to pose I think it's
with but all of the implications that
women are doing these sorts of poses for
the male gaze right and so he is saying
that you're supposed to show as a male
game cleavage for men to appreciate
where she's like oh I'm just posing a
picture of my my body and maybe
Instagram models are doing it for male
gaze or maybe they're just doing it for
themselves because they think that's how
it looks sexy and this is something that
I think I get in the debate with
different people a lot about is that a
lot of the times when women pose in ways
that they feel is sexy that doesn't mean
that they're necessarily trying to
appeal to men for that maybe they're
just doing it because that's what makes
them feel sexy and maybe that's what she
was doing in this position and it
doesn't matter how necessarily she
cupped her breasts okay
I was pretty sure they were doing it for
the male non gays but anyway if this guy
apparently takes it based on Brett's
exhaustive research in this yes on the
story takes naked selfies so he might
have actually been trying to give her
helpful advice
yeah he doesn't he's got a naked selfie
on there right whether he takes all of
his entire Instagram is naked selfies
you don't get to like go and give
somebody else who you don't know advice
to be like oh you should give yourself
better cleavage I mean you're projecting
onto him what he meant by it which is
valid yeah go for it Rita you're
supposed to hold the boobs up over the
arm to enhance the cleavage oh that's
what I just said I'm not projecting I'm
writing by that's a way to say that
where it's like actually when you take
an Instagram photo you're supposed to
look off into the distance like this no
I understand like she is actually doing
it I understand your parody point but
many says you're still cute though which
is just so like belittling but I think
it's it could also be read as his
and listen if we're having this debate
he's not doing it very well right but
I'm just saying benefit of the doubt
having looked at this guy's full
Instagram it seems like he's not the
enemy here let's let's broaden this
story a little bit okay so um I think in
this case I don't know if he's trying to
be a parody I don't know any mr.
supposed to interact online or with
women in general now to take it away
just from from Lena Dunham specifically
I have an Instagram where I on almost
every single picture I get you know
comments about how I'm posing
incorrectly how my hair I look cuter
with a different hair how this so this
is something that women face on a daily
basis where men are telling them how
they you know need to look to be more
appealing to men and I think that's a
huge problem that we face where men feel
it's okay to give women these sorts of
feedback so um what are just sources of
criticism and just a source of trolling
and so even if he is being a parody he's
still trolling here and using that's not
true that's not necessarily true that he
is trolling he's not trolling he could
possibly not be Troy because if he's
satirizing the common enemy that they
have of like folks who do like weird
contorted selfie shoot Oprah come on I
think that's his way of doing I'm saying
he's not exactly doing right but he
might just be maybe a victim of
kattiline here where we're paddling
terrible terrible misogynist with this
seemingly fun happy you know body
positive makeup artist yeah I don't get
it is he is it I will give you the
benefit of the doubt that maybe this guy
isn't the enemy and we can't lump him in
with all misogynist but this is this is
a photo with a cat in front of his job
this story is Amir so a pussy in front
of it yeah story is indicative a cheese
sorry
this sorry interval a larger
misogynistic culture especially when it
comes to male gaze on Instagram so what
okay I hear you Anna
and I'm and I'm probably being a little
bit of a jerk here but like one I don't
think it's a federal case - I feel like
Lena Dunham does everything in her power
to attract all of the energy in the
world - unto herself so when more of
that it comes her direction I somehow
feel like she's not really heartbroken
over it I don't necessarily I mean who
know I doubt she's heartbroken whether
it was a troll or a parrot or whatever
that I don't think is the issue and I
don't know and I'm with you that I don't
agree with everything that Leena done
done on says or does in the way that she
is carrying out her personal brands but
I do think that this is a larger problem
than I think know I also do get I
totally get the like mass effect of
thousands of people over time actually
doing terrible stuff well yeah yeah so
like when Hannah made this story larger
then I think it had you're right it has
more relevance because it's happening to
a lot of women and and in much worse
ways but in this particular story I
think that if you take a naked selfie
with your breasts that people are going
to comment on your breasts is that crazy
no I don't think that's the problem I
don't think it's commenting on the
breasts I think it's saying that you are
trying to make yourself sexy an appeal
to someone else look I would be
completely honest that I have taken
pictures where I was not clothed or in
lingerie and that was for me because I
felt sexy I didn't send those to my
boyfriend like sorry babe
but like those are just for me and I
think that there's some sort of like
assumption that if you take a picture of
yourself in this position that it's for
somebody else and that's what he was
kamek nobody Instagram I took a picture
not for you for you to feel sexy and
it's not like you're put it in the way
that implies you're relying on positive
reinforcement for it because otherwise
it wouldn't put it out there with a like
button on it depends how you've used
social media no no no I kinda agree with
both of you because I think that's why
Anthony Weiner keeps sending out his
pictures of his junk because he's proud
of it right and he's like wow look at
this thing it's really big you know but
you can't deny
Cini wieners like sex problems ok so
here's another set of issues like
Geraldo Rivera like he's like 70 and he
took a salt a shirtless picture of
himself as a six-pack or something you
know what if I was 70 is a little
embarrassing but if I was 70 and I ate a
six-pack
I take I'd have a hundred pictures on
Instagram and because not because I
thought it was going to turn anybody on
so I agree with you nonetheless but on
the other hand if I took a picture of my
gut without a shirt right now today and
put it on Instagram and then people
commented on my gut I would rightly
wrongly positively negatively I would
think that was the most normal thing
that I could possibly expect you see
what I'm saying what you're saying but
that's a singular instance whereas women
have to do with this on a daily basis or
unclear we hope to change my body or
smile from like the person I check out
with at the cashier so I think there's
broader implications in this particular
story
you don't like hats well I hear your
brother did you know that you can forget
my young turks member get to full to our
show every day on demand plus so many
other Network shows all ad-free for just
ten bucks a month give it a shot right
now TYT Network comm slash join
