alright well the other shake your head
is paired with you guys alright Big Show
ahead as always but elections all week
so Rhode Island's tonight Matt Brown and
and the Ruger burger Ferg for the
Lieutenant Governor race in tonight and
then Cynthia Nixon's tomorrow night in
New York against Andrew Cuomo that's
gonna be a heavyweight fight so on
today's show lots of fascinating news
there's a new pack formed now those
packs normally there's a little
questionable but sometimes you get a
pack like Wolf Pack and not so bad this
one is a little bit like that
it is unique I hadn't thought of it and
when I read into it I was like wait a
minute that's a really good idea hyper
today no but it's true but it's true
guys you guys gonna see it and by the
way started by of Justice Democrat what
that's already in Congress and then the
Trump Tower meeting Oh what are they
doing are they scrubbing that money a
little bit it looks like it okay look
like a little bit of money laundering
hey over here then they go to the Virgin
Islands and then all of a sudden they
get clean now to put that on the other
side we're gonna explain that a whole
chain for you guys a little bit later in
the show and and where did the money
wind up after the Trump Tower meetings
hmm JA roms okay so that's a little bit
later in the program no one does a new
show like this no one Kasper go alright
we begin with hurricane Florence a very
relevant story the Carolinas and
Virginia very concerned about this
upcoming hurricane and they should be
considering Trump's priorities new
documents revealed that the Trump
administration decided to take millions
of dollars out of FEMA funding and then
redirect that money toward detaining
individuals at the border so to be
specific
there was ten million dollars that was
taken out of the FEMA budget and it
would come from FEMA's operations and
support budget and it was then
transferred to accounts at ice to pay
for detention and removal operations as
we know the Trump administration
continues with their extremely strict
immigration policies and our
preparedness for hurricanes might suffer
as a result of that the Department of
Homeland Security transferred money from
accounts at Customs and Border
Protection that pays for border fencing
and technology as well so let's pause
there because they brought it to ice and
then they brought it for as you just saw
their CBP okay some water fantasy and
technology there's another word for that
it's called the wall now it's a little
bit different and if you remember during
the election Hillary Clinton was also
for a fence and so and and a different
times Trump is said I'll dude the wall
it's gonna be good it's gonna be
see-through maybe like a fence so mmm
okay that's what I thought
anyway but in a sense it is for whatever
you want to call it a fence or a wall at
the border you know where we could
really use a wall in North Carolina
South Carolina in Virginia today but it
ain't gonna keep out the hurricane
either okay so they're taking your money
against the mythical enemy right and and
using it against a mythical enemy when
in fact there are real huge problems
that could wipe out your home your
family where your family lived and if
you don't move fast enough for your
family itself barreling towards us and
they take that real problem and call it
a hoax
yeah they take a hoax and call it the
real problem now if it was just
demagoguery and it was just used to win
elections it would be bad enough because
that has consequences as well but now
it's actually money they're moving money
out of the right places and into the
wrong places Trump said and we talked
about this last night on the election
coverage on The Young Turks lied that he
alone could protect you well it turns
out he he's doing the exact opposite
just in order to play political games
he's not protecting your family
and instead of transferring money to
things that are gonna do almost nothing
to protect you right and also as with
any political issue any policy you have
to take it in the context of other
policies to kind of understand the
weight of what's going on because you
know this isn't just an isolated story
where money is being redirected from
FEMA and put into you know detention
efforts at the border you have to think
about what Trump has been doing when it
comes to environmental policy which
would exacerbate the issue of climate
change and further lead to more extreme
weather conditions more extreme
hurricane seasons then you have to keep
in mind that the Trump administration
pushed for and successfully passed
massive tax cuts for the wealthy which
will lead to less revenue for the
federal government that those tax cuts
are gonna cost nearly two trillion
dollars over the next ten years
and so all of this stuff is an
incredibly dangerous cocktail and we've
already seen the ramifications of that
when it comes to Puerto Rico but with
more extreme weather conditions it's
only gonna get worse so by the way it's
not just FEMA according to these
documents 200 million dollars was moved
from the budgets of other agencies to
Isis detention and removals so we know
about this because Senator Jeff Merkley
of Oregon was able to get these
documents and he had an interview on the
Rachel Maddow Show about it so I want to
toss to this video so you kind of get a
sense of how serious this is
ten million dollars comes out of FEMA
when we're facing a hurricane season
knowing what happened last year and then
look what we've had since a hurricane
just barely missed Hawaii a tropical
storm that almost became a hurricane hit
hit Mississippi and now we have this
hurricane Florence bearing down on the
Carolinas I find it extraordinary
and by the way Rachel the chart you put
up is the same chart I have in my hand
right here it says that money came from
response and recovery right on it so I
would dispute the this statement that
this has no bearing on
on addressing the challenges from
hurricanes so I want to also just
quickly give you that statement that
Senator Merkley referenced at the end of
that quote he said the DHS Department of
Homeland Security released a statement
on Twitter and it goes as follows under
no circumstances was any disaster relief
funding transferred from FEMA to
immigration enforcement efforts this is
a sorry attempt to push a false agenda
at a time when the administration is
focused on assisting millions on the
East Coast facing a catastrophic
disaster
that is a flat-out lie the documents
100% indicate that the ten million
dollars nearly 10 million dollars was
taken out of the FEMA budget
specifically the FEMA's operations and
support budget and then redirected to
these immigration efforts in fact
instantly after putting out that lie the
agency according to New York Times in an
email said that funds taken from FEMA's
accounts amounted to less than 1% of the
agency's operational accounts okay so
you did take it out of the operational
accounts so when you said you didn't
take it out of there that was nothing
but a lie and does this administration
have any credibility left at all
no and do they think through any of
their lives before they say them so lie
number one is no such thing it's
outrageous how could they possibly say
that line number two is it's just a
small thing anyway I mean it was taken
out of the operational Council that
first thing we said was total total
total lie an obvious brazen ridiculous
lie which we're now saying is yeah but
we only took out a little bit okay all
right now at least we're clear on how on
who to believe in who not to believe
Merkley by the way if you don't know him
is one of the best progressives in the
Senate and this is exactly the type of
thing that we why we have separation of
powers of whining we need the three
branches so the legislative checks the
executive and says wait a minute do you
have the right priorities and if Merkley
releases that document and the whole
country goes oh yeah that's great man
that's wonderful we really need to build
that fence and to build more detention
camps that's what what the country needs
our families being protected from
hurricanes who cares the Trump
administration did according to himself
an unbelievably great job of protecting
people
Puerto Rico even though nearly 3,000
people died if that's such a great job
when if 3,000 people die in the
Carolinas will he also call that a
success an unsung success will he cook
and sew and if the country's comfortable
with that like hey 3,000 people dying in
a hurricane but at least we got
detention camps then you would say okay
I'm glad it was the legislative branch
showed that and and we applaud it if you
don't like that then I'm glad you know
we live in a democracy then you should
do something about it I do want to also
touch on Trump's reaction to the nearly
3,000 deaths in Puerto Rico and also
FEMA's honesty in their report following
some of these results in Puerto Rico so
first as we had talked about yesterday
Trump believes that the disaster relief
efforts in Puerto Rico were an unsung
success I'm sure he got heat for that
because it was a ridiculous statement to
say but he doubled down Don he decided
to double down on it today and he said
via Twitter
we got a pluses for our recent hurricane
work in Texas and Florida and did an
unappreciated job great job in Puerto
Rico even though an inaccessible island
with very poor electricity and a totally
incompetent mayor of San Juan he's
unbelievable nearly 3,000 people died we
are ready for the big one that is coming
so that's what Trump said now what did
FEMA say because they did release a
report you know after they analyzed the
efforts there and an after-action report
by FEMA released in July shows that the
agency vastly underestimated how much
food and fresh water it would need and
how hard it would be to get additional
supplies to the island the report also
describes the initial response as
chaotic and disorganized and plagued
with logistical problems as the agency
tried to get food and other equipment
onto the island I feel like having my
job now is breaking down the stupidity
of Donald Trump and explaining all the
things that are wrong with it it turns
out the island was inaccessible as he is
previously said literally it was
surrounded by water
big water ocean water that's a quote
okay yeah as the
president you're supposed to foresee
that an island might be surrounded by
water and then it might be hard to get
to and you're supposed to plan for that
her nobody could have known that an
island was surrounded by water we didn't
so we didn't know that it was big water
in a hurricane it was very wet and in
fact that's another quote from yesterday
when he said that the hurricane is
coming to the Carolinas and that it is
going to be tremendously wet oh come on
guys
your Trump voter you're still proud
you're still proud you think that guy is
smart guy who says that water is
tremendously wet and and a guy who says
well I mean on an island wasn't
accessible everybody gave us a pluses he
said for Texas and Florida if Obama had
said that one I'd be mortified and two
I'd come out here and and laugh and
criticize him etc why I got eight year
track record of doing that when Obama
did something wrong we pointed out I
mean it's humiliating to have somebody
on your own side be such a fricking
doofus Oh Julie if Obama came out on
anything you I've got an A+ on that you
know what another thing I did also an A+
everything I do is an A+ I'm like oh my
god I'm so sorry I ever voted for what a
buffoon who talks like that what moron
goes around saying are the things that I
did all the disasters that I handled
where thousands of people died I got a
pluses but oh my god get me out of this
room you're proud of that you're Trump
boater you're proud of that what an
unbelievable idiot you live in the
Carolinas originate you really think
that he prepared look the fishing rods
the fish rots from the head down square
Moochie is cheapest that for thirteen
and a half seconds said that quote and
he's the rotting fish at the head of
this administration
they don't plant for anything their only
plan is afterwards will lie about it and
will cover up it'll be fine
so already a hundreds of thousands of
people have evacuated to protect
themselves from the hurricane that's
coming if you haven't evacuated please
do it please don't don't take any
chances don't risk it and don't rely on
Trump's words because I don't trust him
I don't trust that he's prepared he's
completely oblivious he's delusional
he's done a horrible job when it comes
to poor
Rico he did a good job FEMA did a great
job when it came to Texas and Florida
but there's no guarantee that that will
happen this time around especially when
you see how the funds have been diverted
yeah one last thing
his criticism of the mayor of San Juan
so guys if you live in the area that's
gonna get hit by the hurricane
understand that his backup plan is he's
just gonna call your local government
officials incompetent and be done with
it is your Ovaltine competent mayor who
criticized me how does she right so he's
gonna blame your mayor he's gonna blame
your governor that's his that's not his
back-up plan actually that's his plan a
don't do homework cuz it's annoying and
hard what people's lives are on the line
yes Bob Woodward warned my god what
happens if we go into a crisis and he's
the one that has to make decisions I got
news for you this is a crisis we've had
a lot of crises certainly every giant
hurricane that hits us over and over
again is a crisis and we have a
president who doesn't like to do
homework doesn't like to prepare is
monumentally stupid and so afterwards
his plan is that's okay
I'll go show you thought your thought
yeah you're stupid
not me I look at smart person that's
this plan get out of there man get out
of there and don't listen anything Trump
says well we have more news coming out
of Puerto Rico so let's get to that more
than 2000 individuals or 2040 Ricans
specifically applied for funeral
assistance after Hurricane Maria and
FEMA only approved 75 of them now FEMA
approved just three percent of
applications for funeral assistance from
more than 2,000 Puerto Rican families
who lost loved ones after Hurricane
Maria so one of the things that FEMA
does help with does assist with is if
there is some sort of natural disaster
and people have died as a result
FEMA funding can be used to help people
pay for the funeral costs however there
have been issues when it comes to the
official death toll as a result of
Hurricane Maria remember
that those numbers were just recently
updated now FEMA had received 2431
requests for funeral assistance from
Puerto Ricans related to the hurricane
they approved just 75 of them meaning
that 97% have either been rejected or
have not received a decision almost a
year later so Elizabeth Warren was the
senator who pushed to get some more
information about this this is how we
know about it and when FEMA responded to
her they didn't give her the specific
reasons for why all these other people
were rejected but the letter also
indicated that to qualify Puerto Ricans
had to provide a death certificate or
letter from a government official that
clearly indicates the death was
attributed to the emergency or disaster
either directly or indirectly but
unfortunately that information is
incredibly difficult to get in fact
according to BuzzFeed news getting that
information was impossible for many
families because the Puerto Rican
government recently admitted that
officials were not counting hurricane
related deaths correctly but you know
that's the same reason why I actually
don't blame theme or the Trump
administration that much on this one
because I I blame them for not
responding quickly enough and getting
those people help that's what led to the
deaths in the first place and that's you
know or the overwhelming majority of the
problem but in the case of the funerals
you do need a death certificate that
says it was connected to the storm and
at the time they had not connected those
deaths to the storm they just did
recently so I tend to think they were
following their rules so I'm not that
outraged by this story yeah so I I am
outraged but I agree with you that it's
not look it's not FEMA's responsibility
to issue the death certificates right
it's the the local officials the the
politicians in Puerto Rico but the wait
there was wrongdoing on the puerto rican
side as well and I'm specifically
talking about some of the politicians
right the fact that we couldn't get
updated accurate numbers regarding the
death toll was ridiculous I mean it was
what 65 people or something around there
in the six
and it wasn't until a couple weeks ago
where researchers went in I believe it
was researchers with George Washington
University and they were able to find a
more accurate count although even that
number is a bit of an under estimate
based on other estimates that we're done
but nonetheless let's say we take that
at face value nearly 3,000 people died
as a result of the hurricane we now have
an update and it's on those politicians
to do the right thing and ensure that
these people get the right death
certificate and FEMA issue the money
that these people deserve so they can
bury their loved ones a lot of people
were I mean they've already been buried
to be fair a lot of people were cremated
even though family members didn't want
to cremate they felt like they had no
choice because that was the cheaper
option so look not every story has to be
about blame but we can't fix things
once we've got information in so now
that they know that they are those
deaths were related to the hurricane
they should just simply pay for those
funerals in hindsight because that's the
rules that apply to everybody it applies
to people in Texas Florida and and in
Puerto Rico as well so I think it should
be a relatively easy fix if they resist
the fix then you've got a problem
because that's fundamentally unfair but
I think we should give them an
opportunity to do so so with that said I
mean that was yet another issue that
came out of Hurricane Maria and Puerto
Rico and I just want to remind you guys
of what Trump thinks about their efforts
okay let's go to video three
oh I think Puerto Rico is incredibly
successful Puerto Rico was actually our
toughest one of all because it's an
island I actually think it was one of
the best jobs that's ever been done with
respect to what this is all about and
the problem with Puerto Rico is their
electric grid and their electric
generating plan was dead before the
storms ever hit it was in very bad shape
that was in bankruptcy had no money the
job that FEMA and law-enforcement and
everybody did working along with the
governor in Puerto Rico I think was
tremendous I think the Puerto Rico was
an incredible unsung success Texas we
have been given a pluses for Florida
we've been given a pluses for I think in
a certain way the best job we did was
Puerto Rico but nobody would understand
that we've gotten a lot of receptivity a
lot of thanks for the job we've done in
Puerto Rico now we have a clown in
office it's look as I just told you not
everything is Trump's fault his
government's fault etc and you got to
judge it based on the facts of the
situation so I'm not blaming him for the
funerals at this point but who trust
that guy to run the white house to run
the country right he said that Puerto
Rico were nearly as 3,000 people died
worse than Hurricane Katrina and New
Orleans was quote one of the best jobs
ever done yeah but look the reason why I
brought that video back is because the
question from the reporter was what
lessons can be learned right his answer
is no lessons it was perfect so as more
and more of these stories come out about
the aftermath in Puerto Rico I mean just
just be a human for once and just
acknowledge that mistakes were made and
we're gonna do better next time and
we're gonna do what we can to rectify
the situation but he doesn't have that
in him but as we talked about yesterday
he's a sociopath lacks empathy doesn't
understand you know the pain and
suffering of others doesn't want to take
a leadership position and and right the
wrongs that occurred in this in this
case yeah and what did I tell you I said
that he would
blame you afterwards we were talking
about it earlier in the show if
something goes wrong when the storm hits
the East Coast today his plan is to just
simply blame you just like he did right
there he said oh well you know they'd a
had problems in Puerto Rico already it's
not our fault it's their fault well it's
your job to to go out there and help him
and not shoot baskets with paper towels
later when asked about this insensitive
way of dealing with victims of the
hurricane he said they were what was it
something like beautiful towels soft
towels it was the softest there were the
normal paper towels in plastic I don't
know he's such a fool anyone who can't
see that he's a fool I really I pity you
uh-huh apparently you just you look at
that and you think that's a smart person
Wow god that's so embarrassing I
I can't help you good luck with your
life yeah all right let's take a break
when we come back Brad Pitt had a
charity that helped victims of Hurricane
Katrina but did he
but did he we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
dot-com slash join today in the meantime
enjoy this free second
all right back on a Young Turks I'll
read comments a little bit later in the
show cuz I just want to use the time to
talk a little bit about something that a
lot of you guys have asked about and and
then we'll go out with the show so you
know we're doing a membership drive job
just quickly show you where we are now
at TYT comm /join I want to come back
and talk about this a little bit later
in a sec and that's a good number and we
appreciated this about 3,000 higher than
when we started about a week ago and you
guys are amazing for doing that now I
wanted to make sure that that you guys
understood something that happened here
at TYT so look we built this network 16
years ago started as a radio show and
then we started doing online video in
2005 and we're actually the
longest-running show on the internet
which is kind of amazing but it's not
just the Young Turks the network has a
lot of shows and and we tried for a long
time to also build an entertainment part
of the network so we had all these
wonderful shows that we believed in and
that I thought we could make it work it
proved to be a little bit too ambitious
on my part and so that's on me and but I
love those shows so what the flick was
the second show we ever did and and the
original hosts were me Ben mankiewicz
and Matt a tee and you see the very
longtime host there Ben took it over
with Matt and then christy lemire joined
and then alonso door all day and they
did all the movie reviews they're mad
atcha t alonso and you could follow them
at those accounts obviously at christie
these are all great friends of mine and
and people that i really admire and
respect and and we did Game of Thrones
reviews there Anna me John been mad all
those guys will continue we'll find a
way to do the Game of Thrones they did
oh so many TV ervice anyway it's obvious
that we put our heart and soul to those
shows but but recently we had to retire
them there's a couple of reasons why and
and
primary one is we've decided to focus
our resources on homo progressives and
on progressive politics now that's the
heart and soul of what we do and you
know that and that's a lot of the reason
why I hope you watch The Young Turks and
I wish we could have made those shows
work but we had to go in this direction
and make sure we're focusing on the core
mission as 2018 and 2020 are coming and
we've now got wonderful new political
shows too and somewhere on our podcast
don't work and obviously members get all
of those but so I want to tell you that
the shows that basically you can call it
anything you like but we're saying we
retired our pop trigger what the flick
think-tank which used to be TYT
University which Ana started back in the
day and and John used to do that and
nerd alert so I just want to thank some
more people from those shows so you have
grace Baldrige who is on pop trigger and
by the way some of these folks who were
on many of our other shows including The
Young Turks and will continue to be so
you know so I can't wait to work with
them again in the future and throughout
but grace was mainly on pop trigger so
was Jason Carter and also on The Young
Turks from time to time
Darren Dean I heard she just got in
nursing school she's continuing her
modeling and acting career but great to
have Darren with us and again Matt
actually Christy Lemire allows her all
day that I told you guys about and and I
also want to do a special shout out to
Amir nukui
who was the executive producer of both
pop trigger and what the flick and you
saw him on air from time to time and
including on pop trigger and what the
and murder with friends it's another
great great show by by grace Baldridge
and an Amir helped to put all those
together so I want to thank him I also
want to thank Hannah Cranston who did
such great work on think tank and you
saw handle a lot on The Young Turks as
well and of course Kim Horcher from nerd
alert
on the show recently obviously and then
built nerd alert and and we want to
thank her for that and
they've got nothing but love here in in
the crew and in the building and I and
like I said I hope we can work together
with them again and look I just
mentioned the hosts because you guys are
more familiar with the hosts but there
was also wonderful editors graphic stage
crew production people involved in those
shows and I want to thank all them as
well and I appreciate their effort
greatly and so if you want to see some
of the old episodes and I know we've
gotten a lot of requests for that
especially for well for all the shows
that was a great picture that Kim put
out a murder with friends for example
etc so go to T y-t-dot-com
slash archive and you will be directed
to those shows and and by the way our
archives of the shows that are still on
and we've got over a dozen shows that
are on that you get as part of
membership are also in their archives so
if you want to go back and listen to old
old schools or watch old old schools or
aggressive progressives they're also in
our archives so please take advantage of
that and look just two more things real
quick one what is that I just want to
explain why and how this stuff happens
look sometimes there's just normal
changes in the course of a network and
so for example we change tea or tea
University into think tank and as some
people didn't like that because they
love the show that Anna and John used to
do what it was called to UOIT University
but these are normal changes that come
along there's small changes and then
there are big changes like this one when
you decide to go in a certain direction
for reasons that have to do with where
you're taking the network and so if you
ask me will there be other changes in
the future
will there be smaller changes of course
there will we'll adjust and we'll add
programming sometimes we'll retire some
shows we used to do shows for the
members called All Star Tuesday's now
you guys didn't love it
so if we stopped okay there's other
shows that you love
now these shows that entertainment shows
were I think had great fan base and were
beloved here and in the audience so that
wasn't the case in that situation but
sometimes those happen so do we want any
more big changes No
we don't and that's obviously part of
the reason why we're doing the
membership drive
so what I'm telling you and what I'm
promising you is if we get to a hundred
thousand subscribers then we are a rock
then everything after that is additional
hey then we can add more shows we can
experiment we could add a podcast we can
add a video show we can do all these
things and make sure that we build home
and progressives but we got to get there
so that we we have that progressive rock
for you guys that no one can take away
under any circumstance that's why we
tell you to go to tea y-t-dot-com /join
we hope that you do we hope that you
become an activist member that that's
ten bucks instead of $4.99 you get extra
Town Hall's you get the swag bag etc and
you get to be first set all the TYT
events and then finally I wanted to let
you know that I am doing a town hall
where I'll be taking more questions and
I think we're arguably the most open and
honest show in America and so especially
for our members and that's the town
halls are just for our members Monday
September 17th at 7 o'clock Pacific I'll
take your guys questions in that Town
Hall TYT comm sized joined to become a
membrane and and be part of that town
hall thank you guys thank you for all
the people who watch those shows and by
the way one last thing on there on the
YouTube and Facebook channels we're
doing one last video for them one for
pop triggers already up it's pretty
moving Brett did that as a no mosh to
everyone who worked on pop trigger also
don't forget the original host Sam
shocker and bree essrig who were
wonderful who are now doing other things
and and moved on earlier but they helped
to build that as well
so each of those channels will get one
final video and and I hope you guys
check that out as well all right thank
you guys okay now let's go on with the
rest of the show all right
following Hurricane Katrina Brad Pitt
wanted to do something to help residents
who had been displaced whose homes had
been destroyed as a result of the
hurricane and so he created a new
charitable organization that would build
new homes and
for to sell them to people who had lost
their homes in in certain parts of New
Orleans now unfortunately that
Charitable Foundation has been dissolved
and some of those homes actually all of
the homes are dealing with severe issues
because they weren't designed to deal
with the humidity and the rainy weather
in the area as a result mold ended up
being a huge problem
now make it Wright's mission was to
build 150 well-designed green affordable
homes in the Lower Ninth Ward the area
that was actually hardest hit by Katrina
but as of 2016 the group reported
spending twenty six point eight million
dollars building a hundred and nine
homes okay but the organization
according to NBC's reporting has been
dissolved and we know that because some
of the homeowners who spend one hundred
thirty thousand dollars to buy some of
these homes are not getting any
responses when they need help with
repairs now I want you to watch a little
part of the NBC report on this and I'll
fill in some blanks we'll have a
discussion take a look
I think of a father who once had a home
here and embraced my kid raising my kids
here and if I lost it and had no way to
return how that would make me feel but
the project that initially had planned
to build 150 homes selling for roughly
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
each built only 109 look at my welcome
mat Oh and today homeowners like Kamaria
Allen if there's a big water leak right
here say many of the homes that were
built are falling apart this has been
years of all the lies and broken
promises we were promised green healthy
energy-efficient homes and we have
everything but those things Alan bought
her home in 2011 I put that key in the
door the first time and I did a happy
dance
for like five minutes but then she says
the problem started
rusty power sockets mushrooms growing
from the home siding she sold the house
back to make it right as part of a
settlement in 2013 NBC News spoke to 11
other residents 10 on the record who
said that many of the make it right
homes are rotting and dangerous and
their calls to the organization go
unreturned
some say repairs are only done if
residents agree to sign non-disclosure
agreements at one point I felt
optimistic that make it right was going
to make it right but at this point I
feel like they have abandoned and not
only my family but my community so
there's two elements to this story from
my perspective the second one's gonna be
controversial but the first one was when
I first saw the report and he said Brad
Pitt sued for a charity where he was
trying to help build homes in New
Orleans I was like Jesus Christ what are
you guys doing man he's trying to help
and now you're gonna sue him then you
read into the story and you watch the
story you go oh no they bought the homes
they bought the homes for $130,000 yeah
and and I really want to emphasize that
because it's not as if they gave people
homes which you know I don't really know
where the charity comes in because this
is a long time ago and this is not like
this isn't the Los Angeles Hills where
if you get a home for $130,000 it's a
bargain it's a steal yeah you know no I
do I do but look I think that it
certainly started with good intentions
is my understanding of it based on what
I've read about it and and I think some
of the residents were excited because it
was rebuilding the area they don't often
get investment in this middle class to
working-class working-class neighborhood
and that it seemed like they were
excited about the prices so I think the
charity part comes in at a pretty nice
house in that area for a decent price
but it's again it's a little bit of a
charity but you
still have to buy the house and it's
still a very big chunk of money so when
you buy when you spend $130,000 on
anything you're gonna want it to work
and it seems look facts matter it's
every story we have perspective on the
show but what we really really hope is
that it doesn't color our our look at
this story and look at the facts so as
you look at the facts here well they
didn't deliver what they said they were
gonna deliver and so that becomes a huge
problem and then it looks like they
began to disband the operation obviously
they didn't build all 150 homes but much
more importantly is that they refused to
take the calls going forward well then
you really don't have any recourse and
so and then the last part of it that
really won me over was apparently the
residents didn't go after them for a
long time because they thought well look
Brad Pitt's trying to help us here and
we think he's genuine and I still think
he's genuine about it
so we do we want to make a big deal out
of this thing it's gonna get him in
trouble when he was trying to help so I
mean they did everything right in that
sense based on the reporting from NBC
and at that and anti-castro off their
hands and go I'm sorry man this house
has got mold all over it it doesn't
function I gotta get my money back so
and also first of all the design flaw
that didn't take into account that this
is an area that gets a lot of rain a lot
of humidity like let's just think a
little bit ahead before you build some
of these homes but nonetheless it was a
mistake mold remediation and I know from
personal experience is super expensive
right it's it's a it's a lengthy process
it's hard it's expensive it's difficult
to go through and so it ends up being
more of a burden than then something
that actually helps them and if you
don't get that situation solved quickly
the mold continues to grow you have
black mold you you have health issues
right you have respiratory issues as a
result of living under those conditions
some people complained went to the
doctor have medical records indicating
that they've suffered the you know
health consequences of living in those
conditions
but the point that I wanted to make
about this story is a broader point
whenever it comes to cuts and
entitlement spending or when it comes to
cuts in social safety government
safety net programs the argument that
the right-wing will make the Christian
right wing specifically will make is we
don't need the government to help anyone
because we'll have charities and we'll
have people out there who will help
their fellow Americans out of the
kindness of their hearts right out of
the goodness of their hearts and I don't
want to rely on that system because this
is I know this is just one example of a
charity that has gone wrong
but this is one of many examples and we
need to have a stable system a safety
net program that does help our fellow
Americans in their time of need
I think that's the most patriotic thing
to do and so just brushing it off and
just saying nah charities will take care
of it is not the way to go about it so I
remember one of the dumbest points I
used to make when I was a Republican
back in the day was that mold wasn't
real you made that point recently when I
was going through my mold remediation
process okay know when you were doing
recently I was kidding and even back
when I was a Republican I was a quarter
kidding but I thought it was over I
thought it was over height okay but see
that's what I'm saying facts matter
okay so we're hyped based on what the
facts right but anyway I point that out
is just a way of saying look we could
all grow and and we could all get to
more logical conclusions so if you were
in the camp of like our charity will
take care of it all and you see.well
know sometimes charity doesn't take care
of it all and that it's not a systematic
way of handling these issues that affect
American citizens there's a thing that's
supposed to serve the citizens it's
called the government and a democracy is
supposed to represent us and serve us
alright now the last thing is the
controversial point look man I Love New
Orleans I love Miami and South Beach in
particular I am not convinced that those
are great places to build why is that
controversial I think you're 100% right
no people get really really upset
especially from those cities
nothing to do with your city it has
nothing to do with people there it has
everything to do with our current like
environmental conditions that will only
get worse it's based on facts scientific
facts it's terrible and it's tragic and
I feel horrible for those communities
but we have a government currently we
have a government that's undoing any
progress that we've had with
environmental policy to combat climate
change yeah I would not build in those
areas so look you can get upset if you
live in Minnesota and I tell you
snowstorms are coming but there are
coming and that's just a fact and in New
Orleans and South Beach you are
perilously in the line of danger not
just for hurricanes that hit all across
the the seaboard but the the you're too
close to the sea level and and sometimes
under it and so those two cities in
particular are in grave danger
as we climate change continues so it's
not hyperbole and it's not trying to
scare people it's a reality the storms
are getting more severe they're getting
more frequent and and if they hit
Charleston Charles I don't know that
I've picked a good example but it might
be able to survive but how many storms
can Orleans survive how many storms can
South Beach survive so it's not to blame
the people who live there and if you
grew up there and you care deeply about
it I get it I grew up in New Jersey and
I Love New Jersey and I don't want it to
go away
but we got to start being a little bit
more realistic here because continuing
to build in areas that are clearly in a
very significant path of danger is an
issue we need to take a break but when
we come back there is a pharmaceutical
executive that will make your head
explode okay and it's not Martin shkreli
it's someone else who might be worse
yeah and and their view of morality is
really instructive I mean it's both
enraging but it really does give you a
worldview into how other people think
that is greatly disconcerting all right
we'll be right back
