women in India are using cow masks to
illustrate how Indian laws favor cow
protections over their female human
constituents now you can see some of the
pictures of women in these cow masks
here there's a few of them around the
country in different places
now obviously India has seen a rise and
cow protection laws with long sentences
and harsh punishments and Sujit rogash
who is an artist from kolkata india said
that he started this project and it was
inspired by his own questions about why
the same feverish approach to codifying
protections for cows wasn't extended to
women in the country now in India
harming a cow can yield a swift and
harsh prison sentence of nearly 10 years
or even inspire vigilante justice but
survivors victims of rape can wait
months before they see results from
reporting their assaults now in 2015
India's National Crime Records Bureau
reported that there were at least 34
thousand cases of rape reported around
the country and in fact conviction for
these rates against women is about only
21 percent and that is a statistic from
2014 so some of these laws protecting
cows obviously come from the Hindu
religion and we obviously know as well
that there have been increased rape
allegations and instances of rape of
women in India and a lot of the times
the police when women talk about their
sexual assault won't report that that
women are coming there they won't
believe the women so obviously the
number that I mentioned before 34,000 is
probably an underestimate and under
reporting but also there's a huge stigma
around sexual assault in India so it's
further an underestimate and still these
cows are being protected more than their
women which is a great argument great
rhetorical argument well executed by the
Instagram the art that we're seeing it's
like you're at you're protecting a cow
more than you're protecting me and
I'm not against protecting cows I'm all
for protecting women just as much and
when you say that it's underreported if
not more but it but it's underreported
there is a reuters reported that um in
metropolitan areas like Delhi one in 30
according to a survey they did one in 13
sexual assaults is reported in Delhi and
sexual harassment is the third most
common crime in Delhi and New Delhi and
Mumbai and they said by comparison one
in three phone robberies is reported as
opposed to one in 13 sexual assaults and
then in Mumbai it's one in nine report
they are reported it's tough but they
have taken certain steps in India it's
apparently they passed a law saying in
2017 that all phones have to have a
panic button and then in 2018 it will
have to be linked to GPS in order to you
know show people where they are yeah and
they're trying they're trying to pass
different laws that make cops more
accountable when women do report these
sexual assaults but they're still
obviously in the process of it but I
like how this artist is sort of drawing
attention to the fact that there is sort
of this uh disparity between how the
country treats its constituents yet so
in the beginning I thought that's a
curious contrast and I get it but I
kinda felt bad for picking on the law on
cow protection right it's I guess the
cow should be protected I thought but
turns and I'm actually wrong about that
cuz the more I read into it the more I
realize oh this isn't just that hey
we're Hindus or protect cows and isn't
that lovely
it's actually sometimes selectively
enforce against Muslims in India so uh
and and the point but the point I always
make about religion is you practice your
religion
uh I don't okay you should have the
freedom to practice it but you should
not force other people to practice your
religion they're not in your religion so
if you're in if you're Hindu great don't
eat cows
and you know love them and pet them do
whatever else you like to do with them
and animals are innocent okay uh but if
Muslims or
or Jews or Christians want to eat
delicious hamburgers Lima low-paid so
that law by itself even though it sounds
great is was I good to begin with
and and then when you do the contrast
and of course that's the whole point of
the art Jesus
we're not even per day sorry Ganesh
we're naughty for whatever okay not be
protecting women as much as we're
protecting cows then it's then it's
particularly troublesome so great art
because great art makes you think and
and it's got the whole country think you
don't like ads I hear your brother you
know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks become a young tourist
member get all the content ad-free TYT
Network calm /join
