the ACLU has filed a lawsuit against the
city of DC the chief of police there and
some of these specific police officers
alleging that cops used rape as a
punishment
following a inauguration day mass arrest
now here you can see a picture of the
protest that was happening with these
black cloud marchers began smashing
windows in Washington DC on Inauguration
Day
now the Metropolitan Police Department
opted to Ketel everyone which basically
mr. Corral everyone on the streets
nearby this anarchist driven property
destruction now the mass roundup swept
the anti-shah or the anti-fascist rowdy
types together with many peaceful
protesters journalists and volunteer
legal observers who turnout in these
bright green hats to help uphold First
Amendment rights at such events in the
capital now the ACLU already is already
questioning the constitutionality of
this sort of mass roundup sort of guilty
by association but further than that
independent photojournalist Shea horse a
volunteer legal observer Judah Ariel and
peaceful protesters Elizabeth ligase and
Melo Gonzalez suggests that the MPD
sought physical and emotional
retribution on the hundreds of people
kettled so it's about two hundred people
now an officer allegedly ordered hoarse
fellow plaintiff mule Gonzalez and three
others to take their pants off before
grabbing their testicles and then
inserting a finger into their anuses
while other officers laughed apparently
they also there were some other details
that they didn't change gloves between
this a lot of allegations that are very
disturbing now
horse said that I felt like they were
using molestation and rape as punishment
they use those tactics to inflict pain
and misery on people who are supposed to
be innocent until proven guilty now the
MPD is defending its reputation and
maintaining that all of their arrests
were proper they are also saying that
all of the allegations into misconduct
will be fully investigated but obviously
if this did happen
this is just this horrible abuse of
power in this situation so first let me
just be a little bit clear about
tattling so if you are among the many
protesters in the Trump uh inauguration
or let's say you're a Tea Party
protester against Obamacare and if
somebody did something stupid and they
threw something they broke something
it ketling is they come and they just
hold everyone in that area they don't go
okay that's the guy who did it or that
it there's the three guys right there
that requires and and I know it's
account chaotic scene and I'm not
totally unsympathetic to the overall
situation of the cops I'm not
sympathetic at all to the cops are
alleged to have done uh but okay it's
they kettle them and then they arrested
two hundred of them including these guys
who were photo journalists etcetera and
legal advisors and then and by the way
just so you're absolutely clear guys
like horse were uh released and never
charged because they were innocent they
didn't do anything wrong
but they happen to be is that guilt by
association actually because they're not
associated at all to the guy who threw
the rocks or whatever they did to break
the windows the it's guilt by location
they just happen to be at the wrong
place at the wrong time and next thing
you know their pants are down and
somebody's touching their testicles and
putting a finger in their anus so that's
pretty bad
most people would would not be in favor
of that yeah so one of the peaceful
protesters Elizabeth Lagasse is actually
still facing felony charges they
basically charged all 200 of these
people that they kenneled with these
felony charges and so she's still facing
those and trying to get out of the
obviously with the help of the ACLU and
she says that she was kettled in this
situation they said that they she said
that she they handcuffed her with zip
ties so tightly that she was like
bleeding and was cutting her wrists so
there were already so many aspects of
this that were horrendous and wrong and
then to add insult to injury quite
literally than these other allegations
of molestation are added onto it so it's
pretty terrifying what cops will do when
they that they can get away with
something I'd like to see how they
justified the
like well we know the people who did it
had stuff in their butts so we decided
to like that that's the only explanation
is well we had to look in there to make
sure that you weren't the people who did
it and then Catalan the idea I mean
Catalan is is a really dangerous tactic
a because like you hear during these
times of heightened violence or chaos in
a situation you want to de-escalate
things and cool something down and you
will not
I mean kettles don't cool things down
you put something in a kettle so you can
heat it up and you can get more and more
annoying till it screams at you and
that's ridiculous and the guilt by I
mean Location Location Location that is
a deterrent against really all major
protests because what happens in a major
protest when you get enough people
together is there will be jackasses who
show up and it just takes essentially
one person to throw a bottle or go past
a random barrier for the police to say
now we feel like we're in danger and now
we've kind of de facto turned this group
of largely peaceful protesters into 200
arrests yeah and there's one other
aspect to that in this case there's no
evidence of this but historically uh
there's also been agitated planted
inside the crowds like in in civil
rights protests is a well-known tactic
of the police to put an agitator inside
the crowd who then break something in a
non-violent protest which allows them to
arrest all the nonviolent protesters and
deter further protests because if you
come to a protester will arrest you all
based on someone that we planted in the
crowd yeah
and and again just these are historic
tactics used by the government and
sometimes by right-wing people who want
to infiltrate nonviolent protests and
and then you'll see uh the the only
person not arrested is the guy who threw
the thing in the first place so that
said a whole other angle to it in this
case but there is an evidence of that we
the cops believe and we have no evidence
to the contrary that it really were
antiphon guys there who were breaking
windows those are the guys that you want
to target and by the way felony charges
are really really serious and so
you broke a window you destroyed
property that you should get felony
charges but for 200 people all 200 were
part of an to file or uh in my
pronunciation that is boarding on
hilarious now anyway or or violent
protesters or you're like I don't know I
don't know it did it let's just just
charge two hundred people in that
location with felony charges as using a
bad idea you just watch the video from
The Young Turks did you know there's a
live to our show every day and if you're
a member of the Young Turks you can get
that on-demand anytime you want without
ads plus the postgame just for members
plus aggressive progresses plus old
school plus so many other Network shows
go right now TYT Network dot-com slash
join
