the Senate GOP revealed their health
care bill today and they also revealed
something that I think we all feared but
also expected defunding Planned
Parenthood now the GOP bill follows the
same language in the house-passed health
care bill and blocking Medicaid
reimbursements to Planned Parenthood
which obviously provides women's health
care and abortion services so what this
means is that 60% of Planned
Parenthood's 2.5 million patients will
no longer be able to go there for
affordable birth control pap smears
testing and treatment for sexually
transmitted infections or breast exams
okay
the family planning provider would lose
nearly a half a billion dollars in
federal reimbursements a financial hit
that would force many of its clinics to
close especially in poor and rural areas
and those are the people that this bill
is going to disproportionately affect
obviously especially women who are
living in low-income areas now the CBO
estimated that this would cause 15% of
low-income and rural women to lose
access to any kind of family planning
services and this isn't just sort of
like oh we think this is going to happen
we've seen this happen before in fact
when Texas cut Planned Parenthood out of
its women's health program back in 2011
30,000 women lost access to publicly
funded family planning services and the
maternal mortality rate in the state
doubled and so I think that's something
that's really important to focus on
because a lot of the people who are
opposing this are pro-life and obviously
when you are increasing mortality rate
that is not a pro-life stance in fact
and to kind of further that point there
a lot of the federal funding all of the
federal funding that goes to Planned
Parenthood is just so that they can be
reimbursed for people who have Medicaid
it doesn't actually fund abortions and I
think people get really really confused
about that because there's something
that's called the Hyde Amendment which
doesn't allow federal funding for
abortions so this is just going to
basically hurt women who are going to
trying to get birth control which is a
huge preventer when it comes to poverty
women who are trying to prevent
actually transmitted diseases like we
saw when former governor pence tried to
shut down Planned Parenthood's in
Indiana and we saw this huge HIV
outbreak and women who are trying to
prevent cancer by going to get breast
exams so this is this is devastating to
women all around the country regardless
of their socio-economic background but
especially for low-income women so first
point on this is the pro-life thing
first what look I don't mind people
calling themselves pro-life so a lot of
people say Oh anti-choice and yada yada
uh but I think people get to call
themselves whatever they want uh having
said that they're not actually pro-life
Isis be clear about that
they are anti-abortion because they're
all a lot of according to polling great
majority the people who claim they're
pro-life are in favor the death penalty
not really a pro-life position to be ver
the death penalty and by the way a
position that the Pope disagrees with
and and Christian leaders disagree with
but it doesn't matter if your
conservative you like but I really want
to kill those guys but I'm pro-life no
you're not
you're no you just want to stop
abortions that's fine that's your
opinion and just be more fun about it so
when you get the maternal care and like
I don't want like not actually pro-life
if you if the kid dies because I didn't
I but I didn't want to pay for it
I wanna pay for it okay then didn't it
you mean men who you are but it I'm
gonna go further that in this particular
case this bill will almost certainly
create even if all you care about is
abortion and and I think you should just
admit that that's all you care about uh
you
this bill will almost certainly create
more abortions now why I mean the whole
point is like all Planned Parenthood
does abortions we defund them and yet we
gotta first of all your money never went
towards abortions the first place is hen
explain second of all the main thing
that you're gonna do is gonna cut birth
control that people were accessing
through Planned Parenthood Oh like I
know you live in a fantasy world where
if you cut birth control people stop
having sex but on planet earth that's
not how it works
since were human beings we still have
sex and then you have a lot more
pregnancies that's borne out by study
after study in state after state there
no question about it plus common sense
and so you'll have more pregnancies and
whether you like it or not you'll have
more abortions abortion is legal in the
country
so congratulations pro lifers you just
absolutely did they most
counterproductive thing you can do about
the one cause you actually care about
yeah yeah and that's the thing it's
gonna be more abortions but also more
unsafe abortions people who are trying
to do back-alley abortions and things
like that so it is increasing deaths
which is supposedly something that a lot
of these pro lifers are again yeah and
it's it's a matter of really taking your
eye off your goals your stated goal
because they have created this idea that
Planned Parenthood is the enemy and
that's enough and that's the destination
without really thinking through all the
ramifications of smiting your enemy
which creates more problems than we're
existing before you actually got to your
they're throwing the baby out with the
bathwater is what it is almost literal
in this yes
so one more thing voting matters uh and
and look I'm no one agrees with you on
the frustration of our democratic
so-called democratic system today than I
do I just participated in debate at
Oxford please I do declare but where I
was for the position that democracies
for sale especially in America where we
have legal is legalized bribery
politicians so I get your frustrations
but from time to time voting really does
matter because if as bad as Hillary
Clinton was and as systematically
corrupted as she was if she had won you
would not defund Planned Parenthood and
you wouldn't have these consequences and
so if you ever use Planned Parenthood or
we're gonna use it in the past your vote
would have mattered in your life period
and by and by the numbers that's one in
five women right when isn't one in five
women and also like even if you aren't
going to use Planned Parenthood or
somebody no hasn't used Planned
Parenthood and really really all you
care about is your wallet right
taxpayers so I've done a few videos
where I talk about and wrote a few
articles talking about birth control a
lot of people like oh it shouldn't there
shouldn't be contraception coverage
women should just pay for birth control
if they want but I don't think they
understand
the economic ramifications of that and
the fact that when you are one paying
for women to have birth control coverage
and not paying for things like Planned
Parenthood so that they can gain access
to birth control okay then then you're
avoiding a later cost right or paying
for kids who are in poverty other you
know in situations like that right and
then the other component of is it that
these women will then be able to go on
to and get further education and then be
contributing to society more so it's
also like if all you care about is your
wallet there's a huge economic benefit
to having funding for things like
Grandparent head and contraception
coverage there's no reason for this at
all if you think it through it's just so
frustrating I feel like there's got to
be this moment the future of people look
up and say like what are we fighting for
because you're yeah absolutely you're
outs of prevention is worth a pound of
cure and so this is the ounce of
prevention so I can't I don't I've never
heard articulated to me any reason real
reason for getting rid of Planned
Parenthood because no dollars are
legally allowed to go to fund abortions
right and you're just creating way more
problems that you've said you're against
and then the last thing is just about I
assigned from that all this the the
procedural issues of this the idea that
this might not even stand up to the
final vote because it defunding
something takes it out of the budget
process the filibuster-proof budget
process just goes to show how
complicated and ridiculous the process
itself is that a funding measure takes
it out of the filibuster-proof budget
process it's it's crazy it's great I
don't understand the representatives who
are voting on this aren't really voting
for what the people actually want 62% of
Americans don't want Planned Parenthood
to be defunded so these representatives
aren't even representing their own
people and constituent and this might be
to get a stool that can be in ads when
it says like six and ninety-nine percent
they voted with proach you're pro-life
groups yet what which brings you back to
voting because uh almost everything done
in Congress now is to make the donors
happy
but this one is actually not one of them
this is the rare exception this the one
thing the Republicans are doing to
appease their voters who are their
voters now yes the overwhelming majority
countries in favor of Planned Parenthood
but not necessarily Republican voters uh
eighty-one percent of event white
evangelical voters voted for Donald
Trump eighty-one percent and you know
how much turned out eighty-five percent
of white evangelicals turn out to vote
so they got the one thing they wanted
right or wrong whether it makes sense or
doesn't make sense they want to kill
Planned Parenthood so they're gonna kill
Planned Parenthood if you want the
things that that you care about not only
to protect things like Planned
Parenthood but to have maybe positive
change in the world why don't you vote
eighty five percent you know and and
have that kind of owner turnout then on
the rare case where it will make a
difference and this is that case then
you'll have the power instead of that
Young Turks membership creates
independent media believe me no ads
believe me all the show believe me on
demand believe me support independent
media believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me by
the end you'll be thinking you know like
a smart person tea or tea network.com
slash join
