as we've been saying here at TYT for a
long time the entire reason that this
ACA repeal debate has been going on
since it was passed was so that
eventually Republicans could get rid of
the new taxes that the ACA put into
effect and throw literally hundreds of
billions of dollars at the richest
people in the country well you will be
shocked to find out that the Senate P
bill repeals the tax on investment
income the tax on the wealthy to finance
the Medicare program which is that
that's the reason we have so many more
people on insurance is because of that
tax a tax on tanning salons a tax on
health insurance industry and the
medical device industry all of the
substantive taxes that were in the ACA
will be removed under the Senate bill uh
which makes it that that's probably the
very words closest to the House bill uh
by the way and uh that is a huge amount
that is gonna be thrown to the richest
Americans we've already broken down how
many people are gonna lose health
insurance are gonna be paying more for
crap your health insurance but I would
like to show you uh in one graphic if we
could bring up graphic thirty-five this
infographic it is going to show that the
tax cuts in this bill for the top 400
individuals equals federal spending cuts
for Medicaid for Nevada West Virginia
Arkansas and Alaska together all of
those thousands upon thousands tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands of
people will be thrown off their
insurance so that the richest 400 people
in the country can be just a little bit
richer now why did you think that the
Republicans hated Obamacare using
they're really concerned to the poor the
middle class were treated well enough by
Obamacare that the premiums were too
high and there was no cost control and
that their corporations involved in
health care would be making too much
money you think that's why they're
probably scared of course not there was
only one reason why they cared
that's my donor class right there that
that's six hundred billion dollars
that's taken out of their pockets in and
and used to provide insurance for
millions of American yeah we don't want
to sir
millions of Americans they don't donate
to us at all
but those top 400 wealthy people in the
country there they're the people we
serve they write our checks who do you
think I work for these are the
Republican senators now coming on going
hello McFly McFly you where do you think
I got my you think that big government
is corrupted you're right who do you
think corrupted them poor people not all
the people the biggest amount of money
though groans I check for these guys are
those who corrupted them this is their
Christmas gift and the cool thing is
that works out really well for them they
throw all that money those 400
individuals in a tiny fraction that
comes back to the Republicans in the
next cycle
that's exactly right no and what she to
last things on who's affected so what
Obama expanded Medicaid to if you made a
hundred thirty percent uh above the
poverty line they if you to 138 percent
oh my god these guys are you know live
of making the poor live in the lap of
love you know that is if you make
fifteen thousand a year all so if unit
they'd cover you if you made fifteen
thousand year I don't know how the war
you can get insurance and pay for
yourself if you don't have Medicaid at
making fifteen thousand a year it's an
incredibly difficult even then okay so
uh now that's got okay so sad day for
you we were not expanding 238 percent
above the poverty line so urea you know
if you're below the poverty line may
occur uh okay but you're living in the
lap of luxury at fourteen thousand two
hundred a year fend for yourself man I
got billionaires that D tax cut just cut
out lobster once a week yeah
now unless lobster so that's the poor
how about the middle class
um well so under the Affordable Care Act
Obamacare you had to contribute a
certain percentage of your income if you
were in the middle class now that makes
sense they if you didn't do that the
Republicans are freeloaders freeloaders
they say no no you have to provide
incentives for people they gotta pay a
little bit in okay fine fair enough and
you it went all the way up to nine point
seven percent so if you were getting
some sort of coverage and help from the
government you still had to put a nine
point seven percent
at the highest rates the highest rates
meaning 400% above the poverty level so
that's not bad if your family for this
ninety seven thousand dollars so that's
the middle class right now they cut that
from four hundred percent of three
hundred fifty percent maybe you could
live with that that's a Republican I
mean I don't like the middle class that
much right but what they also did was no
no no now you gotta put in a lot more of
your income so if you're sixty year old
uh person in this country who makes
thirty five thousand six or $40.00
middle-class rights thirty five another
job yeah not a lot of money but you're
not poor you're you you're hanging in
there thirty five thousand zeros but now
you have to put in sixteen point two
percent of all of your income into
health so they almost doubled it yet
they almost doubled it you gotta pay
more into health care and your health
care is gonna cover less stuff and you
better not hit your yearly cap in April
because otherwise you die yeah so but to
be fair the rich did need a couple
hundred billion dollars yeah and so
they've got that back now you and like I
give you one example Sheldon Adelson
huge Republican donor on this bill alone
on one provision of this bill not the
entirety what provision of this bill
will make forty four million dollars
extra in 2017 in one year in one year
now if you're and making $50,000 a year
maybe you don't have health insurers on
the other Angela tells us forty four
million dollars more but let's be fair
now the poor some bitch needed it cuz he
only has thirty six billion dollars yeah
so if we lived in a democracy and we
actually had raised our more middle
class voters of more billionaire voters
not complicated they would serve us they
would serve the middle class they serve
the poor they serve a greater number of
people but we don't live in a democracy
we live in a system where you can
legally bribe politicians so guess who
they work for and especially the
Republicans here they thought uh I'm
gonna kick off couple you know a kick
off twenty million people from uh health
insurance and you're gonna get less
elders and all this but another
and the donor that gave me a couple
million bucks I just made it return on
investment form about two thousand
percent yeah that donor is really gonna
is really happy and is gonna finance all
the rest of my campaigns private
financing for the win know what private
financing of Elections does is it allows
for legalized bribery that is in this
case literally killing us what do you
get for Young Turks membership it's a
mystery
only one way to find out tea white tea
network.com /join
