weeks ago Donald Trump threatened the at
that point recently fired former head of
the FBI James Comey with the possibility
that Trump might have recorded their
conversations and uh he said this James
Comey better hope that there are no
tapes in quotation marks of our
conversations before he starts leaking
to the press and so it's been weeks now
and we've wanted to know okay so you're
saying there might be recordings uh if
any would know you would know so are the
recordings are not they've dragged it
along and they've dragged it along and
they have answered the questions until
today when he tweets this with all of
the recently reported electronic
surveillance intercepts unmasking an
illegal leaking of information I have no
idea whether their tapes or recordings
of my conversations with James Comey but
I did not make and do not have any such
recordings and so after it took you
weeks to say I didn't press record on a
tape recorder no no this is fishy
so everybody's reporting this as uh
Trump finally admits that he made up the
thing about the tapes so that's tempting
because Trump makes up things about
always it every day it's ok fair enough
uh and even if he is telling the truth
the full truth here at a minimum yes he
made up the thing about the tapes yeah
in order to what scare James Comey Newt
Gingrich says he was bluffing in order
to get him to make sure the James Cody
was being honest in public
yeah and they and I remember when Bill
Clinton under oath bluffed yeah and and
a secret source in the White House talk
to Bloomberg the same exact talking
points they're just trying to get James
Co to be honest that's not a leak that's
when you have a source on the White
House that does Pro White House talking
points you just putting out a statement
in favor the White House anyway so the
reason why I say be careful here is it
is very lawyerly he says with all of the
electronic surveillance etcetera I have
no idea whether there are tapes or
recordings so he didn't say they don't
exist he said I have no idea whether
their tapes or recordings at and
furthermore he said I did not make them
and I do not have
that doesn't mean they don't exist yeah
that's true so if you actually take it
literally and the reason why that's
important is if a a lawyer helped them
to craft it he would say okay now don't
say that they don't exist now Donald in
your possession today no so you don't
have them do you know did you press the
record button Donald no I didn't so did
you make them that'll no I didn't you
did not make them you do not have them
now Donald do you know if today the
person holding the tape still has the
tapes I have no idea
perfect you have no idea whether those
tapes exist or not you didn't make them
and you don't have them why do you write
that in a tweet Donald it sounds a good
idea it still would be interesting that
he apparently for the first time ever
has been that careful with a tweet all
right and that's the telltale sign guys
which is Donald Trump is not this
careful he'll come in blundering like
tapes I'd scissor damn uh you know I
learned about the fire raw brain cut
them with a scissor I yet we anyway hope
uh for him to parse his words so
carefully leads me to believe the tapes
exist
yes well yes so in the old also I mean
the only thing I disagree with you on is
that what that anonymous source said is
just good for the White House because we
know that investigation is going on
right now in the obstruction of justice
I am while I'm I'm not many thing I'm
not a doctor I'm also not a lawyer uh
putting out a statement saying to
someone who theoretically is going to be
called in a court case against you that
you better not hope I wasn't uh
recording you maybe you should or
shouldn't say things uh you can't just
freely do that I mean that is witness
intimidation that's you you can't do
that that theoretically even if there
are no to whether are there are tapes or
there are tapes the statements he
already made regardless of how he tries
to finesse it later on could be used in
his court case over obstruction Justice
John the more you talk to more
optimistic tapes and I'll tell you why
because this is not just Trump tweeting
the mill the night is a
ordinated uh campaign they leak to
Bloomberg they have Newt Gingrich go out
and now Trump tweets himself with a very
carefully worded tweet so and in that
effort they're doing what you explain
they're basically admitting to witness
intimidation yeah they're saying while
we were bluffing to pressure call me
that's witness intimidation
so and it's not like you didn't talk to
a lawyer you obviously did talk to a
lawyer so why are you admitting that it
would only be the cover up something
much worse yet but which is that there
are tapes and you listen to the tapes in
the tape say hey James cut it out
already with the investigation
I'd like to obstruct that investigation
right so don't I don't know we're the
only ones saying it and probably not but
were among the few voices right now at
telling you don't buy the night that
there are tapes this is gonna believe
that there's more likely they have tapes
not less likely I know you're thinking
jank what do I get from a Young Turks
member I'm glad you asked not only to
get the whole to our show on-demand
anytime you want and free but you get
six podcasts on top what I think a join
up find out there amazing you're gonna
love these shows TYT Network dot-com
slash join
