Donald Trump is labeled as a populist
and uh
a lot of his supporters are uh less
well-off not as many as the media always
claims are but there are some and at the
same time that he's called the populist
his cabinet is filled with CEOs and Wall
Street executives people from Goldman
Sachs and companies like that uh it is
in fact the wealthiest cabinet in US
history and it's not even close
it's that's a really weird position to
be in holding those two things there and
it leads to some bizarre comments like
you're gonna see in this clip do appoint
a rich person to be in charge of the
economy I said no it's true and Wilbur's
a very rich person in charge of Commerce
I said because that's the kind of
thinking we want I mean you know really
because they're representing the country
they don't want the money they're
representing the country and they had to
give up a lot to take these jobs they
gave up a lot when you get the president
this is the president of goldman sachs
smart having him represent us he went
from massive paydays to peanuts to
little tiny I'm waiting for them to
accuse him of wanting that little amount
of money they wanted that but these are
people that are great brilliant business
minds and that's what we need that's
what we have to have so the world
doesn't take advantages of it we can't
have the world taking advantage of us
anymore
and I love all people rich or poor but
in those particular positions I just
don't want a poor person does that make
sense does that make sure and see here
the cheer and their crew poor people yes
screw people like me in the family uh
you know dopers in power make sure you
take away our power what okay yes salute
let's begin to break this down uh he
says well you want people like who is
the president goldman sachs of course uh
during the campaign Trump had said I
know the guys at Goldman Sachs they have
total control over Ted Cruz just like
they have total control over Hillary
Clinton just like they have total
control gram but now he's bragging about
all I got the president Goldman Sachs
MIT yeah
like to him lies are not an issue like
he doesn't view them as a negative at
all yeah well it's kind of a weird thing
like some other people have shame like I
just told a lie then yeah or I'm being
hypocritical here he's like I don't see
the problem well he probably is remember
because losing his mind uh he also said
back in 2016 I know the people in Wall
Street I'm not going to let Wall Street
get away with murder
Wall Street has caused tremendous
problems for us so what I'm gonna do is
take all his people from Wall Street
put him in Washington that way they
can't do the bad stuff in Wall Street
anymore
and yeah so look at where rat he stood
in his rally and told everyone there
it's awesome to pack your cabinets
specifically with goldman sachs
executives and think about how far we've
come from drain the swamp yeah and
here's the thing like i understand he's
not know no one in the audience is going
to lose respect for him from that we
people who are outside of an election
going to a Donald Trump rally are about
as strong Donald Trump supporters as you
can possibly get it's not going to hurt
him right now but there will be ads made
with him saying of course you should
have goldman sachs executives in your
cabinet they'll be run by democrats they
might be running a primary against him
but republican like he has gone from the
outsider to defending having wall street
run government yeah so my favorite part
was they don't want the money no
horsey God these poor rich people
they're never as for money except for
when they give you political donations
their number one request is tax cuts
which would give them billions of
dollars in returns they don't want the
money
you know what Goldman Sachs nickname is
government Sachs why because it's a
revolving door they go into government
they set the rules in favor of Goldman
Sachs they come back out of government
and make a tremendous amount of money
for themselves so there is a
misdirection they're like they're making
peanuts now they don't want that
did they turn down a lot of money to
make notice now why do you think the
president of Goldman Sachs turn down his
salary to come inside the government to
help poor people does it sound like they
would help poor people the middle class
there no they have tremendous disdain
for you yeah so no the reason he goes
into government is they seek you set the
rules in favor Goldman Sachs come back
out go back into Goldman Sachs and make
more money what do you get for Young
Turks membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out tea white tea
network.com slash join
