following Hurricane Katrina Brad Pitt
wanted to do something to help residents
who had been displaced whose homes had
been destroyed as a result of the
hurricane and so he created a new
charitable organization that would build
new homes and offered to sell them to
people who had lost their homes in in
certain parts of New Orleans now
unfortunately that Charitable Foundation
has been dissolved and some of those
homes actually all of the homes are
dealing with severe issues because they
weren't designed to deal with the
humidity and the rainy weather in the
area as a result mold ended up being a
huge problem
now make it Wright's mission was to
build 150 well-designed green affordable
homes in the Lower Ninth Ward the area
that was actually hardest hit by Katrina
but as of 2016 the group reported
spending twenty six point eight million
dollars building a hundred and nine
homes okay but the organization
according to NBC's reporting has been
dissolved and we know that because some
of the homeowners who spend a hundred
thirty thousand dollars to buy some of
these homes are not getting any
responses when they need help with
repairs now I want you to watch a little
part of the NBC report on this and I'll
fill in some blanks we'll have a
discussion take a look
I think of a father who once had a home
here and I raised my kid raising my kids
here and if I lost it and had no way to
return and that would make me feel but
the project that initially had planned
to build 150 homes selling for roughly
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
each built only one hundred and nine
look at my welcome mat and today
homeowners like Kamaria Allen if there's
a big water leak right here say many of
the homes that were built are falling
apart this is been years of all long
live and broken
promises we were promised green healthy
energy-efficient homes and we have
everything but those things Alan bought
her home in 2011 I put that key in the
door the first time and I did a happy
dance for like five minutes but then she
says the problem started
rusty power sockets mushrooms growing
from the home siding she sold the house
back to make it right as part of a
settlement in 2013 NBC News spoke to 11
other residents 10 on the record who
said that many of the make it right
homes are rotting and dangerous and
their calls to the organization go
unreturned
some say repairs are only done if
residents agree to sign non-disclosure
agreements at one point I felt
optimistic that make it right was going
to make it right but at this point I
feel like they have abandoned not only
my family but my community so there's
two elements to this story from my
perspective the second one's gonna be
controversial
but the first one was when I first saw
the report and he said Brad Pitt sued
for a charity where he was trying to
help build homes in New Orleans I was
like Jesus Christ what are you guys
doing man he's trying to help and now
you're gonna sue him then you read into
the story and you watch the story you go
oh no they bought the homes they bought
the homes for $130,000 yeah and and I
really want to emphasize that because
it's not as if they gave people homes
which you know I don't really know when
where the charity comes in because this
is a long time ago and this is not like
this isn't the Los Angeles Hills where
if you get a home for $130,000 it's a
bargain it's a steal yeah you know no I
do I do but look I think that it
certainly started with good intentions
is my understanding of it based on what
I've read about it and and I think some
of the residents were excited because it
was rebuilding the area they don't often
get investment in this middle class to
working-class working-class neighborhood
and that it seemed like they were
excited about the prices so I think the
charity part comes in at a pretty nice
house in that area for a decent price
but it's again it's a little bit of a
charity but you still have to buy the
house and
still a very big chunk of money so when
you buy when you spend $130,000 on
anything you're gonna want it to work
and it seems look facts matter it's
every story we have perspective on the
show but what we really really hope is
that it doesn't color our look at the
story and look at the facts so as you
look at the facts here
well they didn't deliver what they said
they were gonna deliver and so that
becomes a huge problem and then it looks
like they began to disband the operation
obviously they didn't build all 150
homes but much more importantly is that
they refused to take the calls going
forward well then you really don't have
any recourse and so and then the last
part of it that really won me over was
apparently the residents didn't go after
them for a long time because they
thought well look Brad Pitt's trying to
help us here and we think he's genuine
and I still think he's genuine about it
so we do we want to make a big deal out
of this thing it's gonna get him in
trouble when he was trying to help so I
mean they did everything right in that
sense based on the reporting from NBC
and at that and and accounts throw up
their hands and go I'm sorry man this
house has got mold all over it it
doesn't function I gotta get my money
back so and also first of all the design
flaw that didn't take into account that
this is an area that gets a lot of rain
a lot of humidity like let's just think
a little bit ahead before you build some
of these homes but nonetheless it was a
mistake mold remediation and I know from
personal experience is super expensive
right it's it's a it's a lengthy process
it's hard it's expensive it's difficult
to go through and so it ends up being
more of a burden than then something
that actually helps them and if you
don't get that situation solved quickly
the mold continues to grow you have
black mold you you have health issues
right you have respiratory issues as a
result of living under those conditions
some people complained went to the
doctor have medical records indicating
that they've suffered the you know
health consequences of living in those
conditions but at the point that I
wanted to make about this story is a
broader point whenever it comes to cuts
and entitlement spending or when it
comes to cuts in social safety
government social safety net program
the argument that the right-wing will
make the Christian right wing
specifically will make is we don't need
the government to help anyone because
we'll have charities and we'll have
people out there who will help their
fellow Americans out of the kindness of
their hearts right are the goodness of
their hearts and I don't want to rely on
that system because this is I know this
is just one example of a charity that
has gone wrong but this is one of many
examples and we need to have a stable
system a safety net program that does
help our fellow Americans in their time
of need I think that's the most
patriotic thing to do and so just
brushing it off and just saying nah
charities will take care of it is not
the way to go about it so I remember one
of the dumbest points I used to make
when I was a Republican back in the day
was that mold wasn't real you made that
point recently when I was going through
my mold remediation process okay no when
you were doing recently I was kidding
and even back when I was a Republican I
was a quarter kidding but I thought it
was over I thought it was overhyped okay
but see that's what I'm saying facts
matter
okay so we're hyped based on what the
facts right but anyway I point that out
is just a way of saying look we could
all grow and and we could all get to
more logical conclusions so if you were
in the camp of like how a charity will
take care of it all and you see well
know sometimes charity doesn't take care
of it all and then it's not a systematic
way of handling these issues that affect
American citizens there's a thing that's
supposed to serve the citizens it's
called the government and a democracy is
supposed to represent us and serve us
alright now the last thing is the
controversial point look man I Love New
Orleans I love Miami and South Beach in
particular I am not convinced that those
are great places to build why is that
controversial I think you're 100% right
no people get really really upset
especially from those cities it has
nothing to do with your city it has
nothing to do with people there it has
every
to do with our current like
environmental conditions that will only
get worse
it's based on facts scientific facts
it's terrible and it's tragic and I feel
horrible for those communities but we
have a government currently we have a
government that's undoing any progress
that we've had with environmental policy
to combat climate change yeah I would
not build in those areas so look you can
get upset if you live in Minnesota and I
tell you snowstorms are coming but there
are coming and that's just a fact and in
New Orleans and South Beach you are
perilously in the line of danger not
just for hurricanes that hit all across
the the seaboard but the the you're too
close to the sea level and and sometimes
under it and so those two cities in
particular are in grave danger
as we climate change continues so it's
not hyperbole and it's not trying to
scare people it's a reality the storms
are getting more severe they're getting
more frequent and and if they hit
Charleston Charles I don't know that
I've picked a good example but it might
be able to survive but how many storms
can Orleans survive how many storms can
South Beach survive so it's not to blame
the people who live there and if you
grew up there and you care deeply about
it I get it I grew up in New Jersey and
I Love New Jersey and I don't want it to
go away but we got to start being a
little bit more realistic here because
continuing to build in areas that are
clearly in a very significant path of
danger is an issue like what you see
click the subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
