the Senate healthcare bill certainly
hasn't been well-received by Democrats
which might not be surprising we are
gonna play some of those for you but it
also received a cool uh reception from
some Republicans at least for now
senators Rand Paul of Kentucky Ron
Johnson of Wisconsin Ted Cruz of Texas
and Mike Lee of Utah said in a joint
statement there quote not ready to vote
for this bill and I am quote not ready
to rely on Mike Lee to protect people
from having their health insurance taken
away but they also said currently for a
variety of reasons we are not ready to
vote for this bill but we are open to
negotiation and obtaining more
information before it is brought to the
floor which I read as open to
negotiation and obtaining more of what
they want before it's brought to the
floor so we are going to get a little
bit specific about what they want
we've got Ted Cruz but right now we're
gonna go to Rand Paul talking about this
bill I don't think there's anybody in
America this is more against Obamacare
than myself as a physician I've seen the
ravages of it I'm traveled to 42 states
running on repeal of Obamacare I just
didn't run on Obamacare live I didn't
run on replacing it with more government
programs I didn't run on allowing the
death spiral of Obamacare to continue
just to subsidize we taxpayer money
look we're 500 billion dollars in debt
right now there is no money to keep
subsidizing insurance there is no money
to expand Medicaid unless you want to
raise taxes we're actually cutting taxes
unless you're raise taxes oh I do
actually let's do that
yet continue to do that you know where
were actually in so much debt and that
is did I leave out the part where I have
six hundred billion dollars in tax cuts
for the rich in this bill all right and
I want more Rand Paul who pretends to be
libertarian or for freedom when these
reports are about freedom they mean
their freedom of the rich to not pay
taxes so hey hey look at that five
hundred billion deficit six hundred
billion dollars in taxes I do believe
that there is a a way that you could
make that deficit go away we want to do
that don't touch the rich don't touch I
travel for two states and talk to all
the billionaires in those states and
they tell me about the ravages
of Obamacare to their pocket they just
is for free I honestly think free like
we we get sold this idea of freedom but
freedom under someone like Rand Paul is
you in the woods with a stick surrounded
by wolves that is your freedom you're
free to run or fight maybe maybe run
away maybe fight the wolves but so he
look look he wants more he he doesn't
think that this goes far enough to
repeal uh the ACA and so theoretically
to get him on board and to get his vote
they're going to have to go farther
which potentially causes other
Republicans to turn against it at least
theoretically uh so they just when I saw
the headline of four Republican senators
had already said they're not gonna vote
for it uh after all this time I'm still
a little bit naive I thought oh here we
go Susan Collins and so the so-called
moderate Republicans ya know it's the
crazy no it was the Republicans who say
this is not vicious that not with the
kick more people off of Medicaid we have
to kick more people off of health
insurance with the make sure you get
less for your health insurance this guy
I'm I'm a physician so is as what hurry
the command in charge of al Qaeda now it
doesn't convince me of anything
so they found a physician to bribe and
that guy's name is Rand Paul and he got
bribed by the richest people in America
who wanted six hundred million dollars
in tax cuts yeah now he that this bill
makes it you have to pay more for your
health care it's a fact okay and you get
less health care it's a fact and he says
not good enough I want you to pay more
for your health care and I want you to
get less benefits so that my donors I
mean the people I don't in 42 states can
get bigger tax cuts and to him and his
donors that's freedom yeah well look he
said as a physician I've seen the
ravages of Obamacare which is probably
alive because he's been a center for
ever I don't think he's actually been
treating people's like sprained ankles
over the past few years but uh this will
actually help him baby that's a really
funny point that is a I went to Alaska
and I saw the ravages of Obamacare I
mean I set three shoulders and
and somebody cancer to quit chemo on
them and then the CPR sub you know your
senator went to lunch when Tia when you
give me California's we did you know
fundraiser yes okay and by the way did
but this will accomplish his goal he
will not have to see those ravages
because many of those people will no
longer be able to go to his practice to
get further John you opened a little bit
of can of worms physicians see this
happening they deal with getting money
after they do procedures not what's
happening when come back to the dock say
hey doc you did that procedure on me
whatever was I broke my wrist I can't
afford it and they go off is so bad for
you my patient no you never talk that
doc can you get bills exactly hills
you'll talk to the doctor about the
ravages of what you're going through
they don't care anymore
Geico um we're billing someone in
someone's paying me
where was credits getting jacked up or
wherever's getting losing jobs over this
has nothing to do with where I'm
practicing and by the doctor some
sometimes do get squeezed but you need a
you getting squeezed by the poor no you
getting squeezed by corporations who are
wanna pay you less because the more they
squeeze out of both the customers and
the doctors the more it goes towards
their bottom line that's who's squeezing
yeah so that was uh Rand Paul we also
have Ted Cruz uh let's bring up a
picture that was that tweeted out of
apparently his some of his demands
you're seeing there that uh he wants
consumer freedom out he's he's laid up
this path the yes he's all notes that
he's handing around the the Senate uh so
yeah he he wants so right now you have
uh all these health insurance plans have
to have certain amounts of coverage
under the ACA he says that if a company
offers one plan that matches those they
should be able to have as many as they
want that give absolutely no coverage
whatsoever basically what we had before
there was the ACA he wants us to return
to that if we could bring that graphic
up for one more second year to see that
there's a couple of planks on his path
to yes so by the way you also get
freedom to get cancer yeah exactly real
flexibility for Medicaid means even more
cuts to Medicaid there reach a real a
great agreement to rein in the long term
growth of Medicaid means that there will
no growth of Medicaid we will chop it
off at the knees and here's things like
he's saying that he wants more cuts to
Medicaid one of the most one of the
biggest components of this Senate bill
is that it kills the growth of Medicaid
so what does he want what he wants
really is what a lot of Republicans want
but often won't say he wants Medicaid
gone entirely not just to stop it
growing they want to kill it they've
been fighting that battle for literally
decades now and Trump said he wouldn't
uh cut anything for Medicaid by anything
he apparently didn't mean eight hundred
billion dollars yeah so we're gonna cut
eight hundred billion dollars but is
that really breaking my campaign promise
but not to my donors is that I know
you're thinking Jake what do I get if
I'm a young turks member well I'm glad
you asked not only to get the whole two
hour show on demand anytime you want and
free but you get six podcasts on top
what I think a join up find out they're
amazing you're gonna love these shows
TYT Network dot-com slash join
