this morning advocates for people with
both intellectual and developmental
disabilities staged a protest and
ceremonial die in over the Senate health
care bill outside of the office of
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell now he
of course wasn't there because why would
he interact with actual Americans but
there were people cops who dragged
bodily these protesters out it got ugly
it got violent to some degree and we
want to show you some both pictures but
also videos of what happened so first
here is some of the chants that we're
going on and you see these people at
least 60 of them crammed into that
little hallway
so there you see the chance but they
were only allowed to do that for so long
and then the authorities came in and so
I want to play these nude next to video
is that back to back for you you'll see
just how ugly it got how willing they
were to treat these people advocates for
people dealing with very difficult
situations to treat them as if they
weren't even people as if they weren't
even alive you'll see in these
so in the first video I mean you see a
guy being picked up and carried like
he's like a sack of grain and in the
second one you see an elderly woman who
was injured as they're dragging her out
there were reports that some of the
people were dropped as they were being
carried out you know if we have a
hostage situation
we'll wait them out for a long long time
but if you're a protester we get you
gotta go do these these are powerful
people here they can't be bothered I
mean imagine if Senator McConnell came
back to his office and you guys were
still there yeah why egads i that would
be tragic indeed so that's a very
anybody ought to see people who were
angry about what he was trying to do
yeah it's a very effective protest these
are people who would be directly
affected they come in and and then you
got to drag out people who are disabled
and and sick yeah it's tough to look at
and so I'm glad that they had the
courage to go in there and do that of
course the most American thing could do
is protest yeah and and if I was the
cops
I get it they're in a tough situation
because they gotta clear the people out
clearing those folks out is really
really difficult on the other hand maybe
a little bit more patience and yeah find
a way to peacefully dissipate it over a
longer period of time admittedly yeah
where more senators would be subjected
to Americans or senators one protester
said the government wants to kill me
which many people will we'll see then
they'll think oh come on but think about
the consequences of the bill I mean
we've broken down line by line basically
what this thing will do it will kill
people it will kill the exact sort of
people that those advocates are working
for and so they are not overreacting of
a I would say that America is largely
under reacting to how drastic the the
changes that are included in this bill
yes look I don't want to get people all
riled up in the wrong direction and and
and I know that every bill has
consequences and when we go to war it
has deadly consequences this has deadly
consequence under
but at the same time if you put your
shoes in there in the put yourself in
the shoes of those people were already
and there's things like a lifetime cap
on insurance or that or a yearly cap
that could be brought back because of
this bill and if you if your treatment
would have you run out of your yearly
cap and April or June and then you you
die without the treatment it's
understandable why they would want to go
and protest and say no no you guys don't
get it this particular bill for all of
its other advantages and disadvantages
would literally kill me what do you get
for Young Turks membership it's a
mystery
only one way to find out TYT Network
comm slash join
