me too you guys are in trouble so you
know Jack I just one of the things that
I want to point out before we talk about
the data when we put this survey out to
your audience they hate it right up
we have 2400 respondents of less than 48
hours just on an email split is about
6040 male to female what I love is we
had about 45% under 39 39 are under 55
percent 40 or older so great mix of
adults which is exactly what we were
hoping to find in this study yeah that's
great know what I love about our
audience is how engaged they are so
there I'm sure that they were happy to
in and we're interactive and so what I
talked about a tell people all the time
is we use have a TV in our rooms and it
was just one way you would just watch it
now we have a better device it's two
ways let me talk about to it so when you
ask them hey do you want to participate
they say yeah well of course of course I
do and yeah it is a really interesting
mix and in fact I found out interesting
thanks for your study including that
breakdown is a little older than I were
to suspect and I think it was a little
bit of a surprise to us too but it
really hammers home this notion of what
we wanted was abundance we could use as
a proxy for the overall audience that's
currently engaged now I think we think
we found that and you know we have some
a couple of questions up front that the
whole survey was about 25 questions we
asked a couple of questions up front
just about TV versus online to kind of
set the stage and one of the things that
jumped out at me right away it's
shocking was the percentage of the
audience members who believe that all TV
content will be consumed online within
just a few years these numbers are very
much higher than what we see in the
general population again I can talk to
the behaviors that committed online
video viewers are showing these days but
I mean look at the numbers across the
demographics
huge yeah I think this goes to the same
point that I was maybe look an analogy
is some people thought silent movies are
great and that they're the way to go
obviously because they didn't have
anything else and then when the talkies
came out they immediately went over the
audience because it was better
technology so if you can hear the actors
is that better of course it's better
right and so when you have a new TV that
you can talk back to well that's almost
by definition better so the people who
are used to watching it online already
go well of course
TV is going to be watching an online
experience is still the same screen but
I'm used to getting that my content now
online and being able to communicate
with it and interact with it and I think
that that two-way discussion is what
showed up in the the next question we
asked whether there's actually a need
for a TV as a device do you need a
one-way device and again across all age
groups more than half the audience that
no currently I don't need that not three
years four years if we hear a lot of
studies but currently no need for the
one-way yeah and we're gonna talk about
this probably a little bit more later
but I notice about seven years ago that
my nephews who were teenagers when we
were watching TV would have their laptop
separately and so they just they were
they need to be watching at the same
time or as we were watching TV they were
watching their laptops they viewed the
actual box as an assembly superfluous
but a nice extra object a second option
and so now that has as your data
indicates infiltrated to almost all age
groups
it was shocking this was a big surprise
for me so even we wanted to look at as I
mentioned during the introduction the
idea of session viewing and what do
these longer viewing habits mean to
creators and to grants so one of the
things that we started looking at first
was you know how long is it have heard
session and we had two thirds of the
audience saying their average video
viewing session is more than thirty
minutes forty bit almost forty percent
said
over sixty minutes just talking
backstage was save and and some other
folks here you know other people are
starting to see this trend and this is
why we wanted to document this so when
we're talking about from a brand point
of view advertising against a video
viewing audience we're talking about
somebody who's in the middle of a long
experience it's not just should have
pre-roll against the video and then they
go on they do something else it's how do
I talk to them for a long period of time
with TYT kind of mastered the longer
programming aspect of this right so I
think what's interesting now is how do
we move brands into that mindset yeah so
we built II went to you all the way back
twelve years ago when we started doing
online video to be long form of short
form at the same time so you do it as a
show that you could put on radio or TV
traditional media but you do it segment
by segment so you can chop it up and put
the individual segments on YouTube and
then eventually Facebook and and so our
thesis was this that will people watch a
content online as opposed to TV networks
and cable and that again the answer to
me was of course why wouldn't they why
would what's magical about cable that
you know if it's if you turn on your
computer your mobile however or you know
you simply your actual TV in your living
room and you watch The Young Turks it is
just like watching a TV show and it's
just like a future on Netflix and it's
just like watching a TV show I guess in
the old days this would have seemed like
wow that's amazing
but look at the numbers yep we're way
way past the old days so this is not the
future anymore it's the president
exactly exactly and I want to stress
just for everyone in the room that this
is not just about viewing Young Turks
content this is their content viewing
pattern overall right this is a proxy
for what's going on across the entire
landscape and I want to get a couple of
a couple of data points quickly about
this so who is who is having these
longer viewing sessions almost 70%
reported they are over half of senior
so I think it again it's what's
interesting having a study that's
focused on people 18 years and older as
we start to see a little bit of a mix
that maybe runs counter to the
conventional wisdom that it's just kids
who are doing this you know you see
Millennials leave but we see the
breakdown across the across the age
groups and when we look at how many
times a week they're doing this you know
almost have for doing it four to six
days a week a third over a third seven
days a week we're getting into TV kinds
of numbers here in terms of the online
video usage yeah and and so that
everyday
people get used to watching online more
and look at your component we're not
talking about here is money and so if
they say okay I've got a news show here
that I like better than maybe CNN or
MSNBC and so P boxes
oh and and I'm getting it just like I
went out of my a cable but wait a Mikey
will cost $200 a month if you live in LA
yes it's up to around 200 now my Netflix
costs 10 bucks or whatever it does right
and and TYT I could watch live or I
could subscribe and get it on I mean
it's just it's becoming a no-brainer
it's just a matter of people getting
used to it and again the data is showing
they've gotten used to it they figured
it out they have figured it out and I
think what's what's interesting for us
now is we have to figure out the right
way to advertise to the audience with
these behaviors yes we need some
interesting data around platforms
probably not that surprising that
YouTube is the preferred platform for
longer sessions this is a study I look
forward to doing in another 6 or 12
months and seeing how these numbers
change but a YouTube still definitely
has the the corner on that and when we
look at the breakdown in terms of tech
we're seeing the longer views more of
them happen happening on websites that
have so there's a lot of things that I
think we've had some some data
underneath this that will be in the full
report about why this may be happening
but again from a brand point of view we
live in a mobile-first world but we
can't forget the other devices and we're
at this point where
have to be able to cater to the choice
of the customer and the customers not
going to view against the choice that we
get so there's some viewing habits that
have already established and so it in
feed so I will whatever I run into fans
of the show on the street or anywhere
else I asked them two questions where
did you first find us and why do you
watch us and on where do you first find
us used to be almost exclusively YouTube
now it's split between YouTube and
Facebook but what people will say is oh
I saw you on Facebook then I went to
YouTube to watch you and so it gives you
a sense that while they're used to
watching longer content on your two days
watching shows on YouTube they see
things on Facebook but they watch on
YouTube that doesn't mean that they
don't watch on Facebook you saw the
great they do and and we you know we've
got great views on Facebook as well but
and then what the extra layer and you
know you've got the top of the funnel
and it comes down is if you come your
website and they're watching your
programming on your website that means
they native language okay they're home
and and you're in a habit of now this is
their new channel you know in the old
days we had ABC and CBS and now you have
your you know your favorites and things
that you bookmark so maybe every you
know day at 6 o'clock Eastern becomes
the Young Turks and you watch that and
that's how it works
it's your point about advertising Rob
you know it's to be honest it's hard not
to get frustrated at the speed of or
lack thereof of the advertising
community so it was TV going to get with
you know wither gallon and digital was
going to rise of course of course and so
and and again we're not there's still
them I said is that it's the future no
it's today yes today go go go
and if
and if you don't go well then you're
going to lose you know customers that's
the whole point of advertising right
it's not that complicated people
sometimes saying why did you build a
whole show
mainly on YouTube first for the same
reason that advertisers should be
thinking about content and where to put
it which is because that's what the
audience was right right go to where the
audience's it's not that complicated for
under 35s no-brainer no-brainer get your
money out of TV immediately and put it
online otherwise you're not going to
have an audience I know and for a lot of
folks again and I'm going to do my jobs
to keep it real like oh I'm so
comfortable buying TV I've been buying
it for twenty thirty years don't make me
change right but sad day you gotta go
you're way too late as it is
go right now if you're but you're seeing
it now it was under 35 now it's above 35
and the longer you wait the further your
brand is going to be behind yeah yeah
and that's what we're seeing you know in
gay parts now there seems to be
something that we thought you know maybe
people are doing this at work they got
nothing else to do they're not this is
their entertainment time in the evening
this is competing with the TV viewing
right and I think to your point the next
slide we've got yet so prefer to watch
ads online other than TV I thought this
was interesting to your point is about
50/50 right now and I looked at that
data advice that's actually where the ad
market is right now right we're at the
point where online spending is about to
meet an eclipse depending on the study
you read it either has a wheelbase of
peper TVs fat so it's right in line with
what the users are telling us so on the
when they watch the let me dress I you
know this is there's some of your data
surprising a little bit and some of it
vindicated our strategy overall let me
focus on that because I like that part
better um so a long time ago we did work
it very seriously debating when
doing we should we have a live show
right
so for viewed it is a couple things that
are very important about that what is
what are people going to watch slide two
is when are people going to watch the
VOD and because you can't put the review
idea until the live show is over so a
lot of people argued back then and this
is a long time ago
no people are watching more during the
daytime around noon is why the online
viewing and listening piece is there
fiddling on their computer at work
and my thesis was no there's no reason
why they won't act in the same way that
they want act with TV they will watch
when they have more time which is at
home afterward so we put the live show 6
to 8 p.m. Eastern and it turns out
that's exactly what happened which is
that of course if your is a two-hour
show even if you're not going to watch
the whole few hours look at them they're
watching 30 minutes 60 minutes etc you
can't do that at work you got to do it
when you're at home and and relaxing now
if we go the next slide on that on
advertising so this is it very
interesting because a fun piece of
anecdotal evidence from my mom so my mom
is used to watching her Turkish soap
operas on TV and she'll sit through
hours of ads because that's TV you know
you'll get you know 15 minutes at least
that's every hour but if she gets a
pre-roll in fragra Turkish soap opera
when she's watching online she said
watch what these acts right and I'm like
mom it's what ad as opposed to 15
minutes of that it's such a great deal
so since Millennials grew up in a
different world it's a they look at it
completely the opposite they look at it
and go wait isn't another set of ads on
Jesus this live team is crazy but I
already watched your a pre-roll right
now you could make you watch am enroll
and
other mid-roll and these minerals are
endless dudes so I'm surprised that
millennial number is not high but now
that that seniors at 38% is actually
really encouraging that number has moved
up a lot now they've gotten used to hey
wait a minute yeah that's 30 second
pre-roll look way better than the 15
minutes of ads I was watching through
the same exact show not a bad value
exchange that's right at all well so
this was that this was the topic that I
wanted to dive into that I was really
curious about we have seen data just
from working with with our clients at
Overlea that scares me a little bit
about what some brands are doing when
not just our brands brands across the
industry are doing with pre-roll ads and
you know if you're running if you run a
non skippable pre-roll and it doesn't
get a hundred percent completion rate
that means that people stopped watching
it which means people stopped watching
the content they abandon their session
so we wanted to poke around at this to
get to the the idea that maybe you know
we have to rethink how we make ads so
they encourage people to increase their
sessions and what we found obviously
skippable did a little bit better on
this but you know a quarter or more of
the audience has agreed that they've
ended an entire viewing session because
of an ad and that's that's a disaster
not just for the brand that it's
something to turn the user off that's
bad for the Creator say this is a place
we could have a little come by a moment
to come together on this to extend these
sessions yeah I think if we go further
it'll give people a sense of what you do
to extend exactly exactly so so this is
where I think it got really interesting
right what are the things that people
are looking for out of ads and the
relevancy to the show they're watching
by far outweighed everything else
including retargeting when we released
the full report will be data about
retargeting but users much prefer to see
content related to the show they're
watching then to their browsing history
which I thought was really interesting
kind of runs against a lot of what we
see in the market now and then you know
more
fifty percent well more than fifty
percent want to actually see the talent
from the show than watching integrated
with the ads I think this is a huge
learning point for creators and brands
so the person who taught me this million
years ago was Howard Stern so I would
sit around and listen to an endless
series of ads on Howard Stern's program
on the radio because I wanted to hear
how he would do an ad in the middle to
see when he was live rates in the middle
of that and he would always do a
different any big fun of it and he'd
have fun with it and he and so even his
ads were entertaining because I like
Howard Stern and I like what he did the
ads so it's not rocket science as old as
media to have remember when they had
Edward Armour smoking on the set and
because their cigarettes were their
advertisers of course use the television
show of course they develop the show so
one of the first as we sold was the
Squarespace and and our campaign was so
easy even jenkin to it because our my
our audience knows that I could barely
turn on a computer
yes it's ironic but so I built a website
through Squarespace we showed me
building a website and that bragging to
my mom about it afterwards relevant to
the show features the town from the show
much more likely to get you the audience
to care and to be engaged in your ad in
your brand and it's memorable I still
hear Howard Stern's and Evensen are
those ads so one last slide your time is
almost up but when we look at to your
point about the content of these ads
right so we know people prefer as
related to the show they're watching we
know they prefer to see the talent that
they're watching what gets them
interested and I wasn't surprised to see
humor still be number one I think it's
number one in almost every study done
like this so what was interesting to me
was this notion of relatable and
visually appealing far more than
emotional and
kind of you know it puts a stamp on the
idea that we are entertaining people in
these long sessions and we have to
present the brands in a way that makes
sense to that overall 30 60 120 minute
experience yes so there's one part that
I don't quite believe and it's emotional
when I say that I don't believe it
here's my key another that only the data
of course Rob would never get anything
wrong it is a horse reel but what but
it's hard for somebody to say yes I was
pulled in by an emotional lad because it
feels like they got manipulated all
right right
so that the emotional and might work
better than the audience admits it works
so just a little note of caution on that
but outside of this this is the heart of
what advertising needs to do which is in
the old days you've got a limited pool
of content in that box in your living
room 100 percent of the country watches
it and so all you have to do is push yep
just push the three channels a by tide
on ABC CBS NBC we're going to try to get
a hundred percent of the audience in
this day so we don't have a limited pool
content you have an ocean of content and
if you have an ocean of content your ad
is content and it is your brand and what
you have to do is pull you have to
engage the audience in a way that they
like your brand date and they look
forward to your brand and that's what
your advertising has to do as well it
has to pull the audience in but rather
than pushing that message down to them
totally agree and with that we are out
of time thank you so much for joining us
this morning Jack really appreciate it
thanks everybody
yes
