so rumor has it that our favorite D
press secretary Sean Spicer will be
stepping down from the podium and taking
his trainwreck sideshow to another
position within the White House far far
away from any cameras no like seriously
they don't even want him near your cell
phone camera it's still unclear what
position Spicer will be spicing up next
but I think it's fair to say that we're
all deeply saddened by this potential
move and not just because we'll
desperately miss Melissa McCarthy's
rendition of his series of very
unfortunate events but because over the
past six months Sean Spicer has just
been a gift that keeps on giving us all
stressing and anxiety and even low spicy
hasn't confirmed his departure right
here and keep taking yourself easy oh we
will Sean we will just without you but
to bid you goodbye
I thought we'd kick it old school and
play some of Spicer's greatest hits like
we all remember this one from his first
day on the job this was the largest
audience to ever witness an inauguration
period both in person and around the
globe he came in real hot with that one
marking the first time the spice racked
up his statements against facts oh but
he spice up our life even more when he
waged his war on fake news that that is
literally the epitome of fake news start
at the top I don't think the president
owns a bathrobe oh definitely doesn't
wear one well that's an image I'd like
to burn from my mind probably as much as
Spicer wants to burn these from his
record I mean just yesterday he sat down
with Martin Luther King jr. I would call
him a civil rights leader um yeah so
would I I would also call him dead but
apparently that doesn't disqualify you
from being used as a token to appeal to
the black community through a lot of the
actions and statements that he's gonna
make I think the contributions of
Frederick Douglass will become more and
more but to be fair to Old Spice keepin
historical figures and vents straight
isn't really in his wheelhouse someone
is despicable as Hitler who didn't even
sink to the two using chemical weapons
seriously
I have about 6 million other of my peeps
who might disagree but I forgot Sean
where were they
he brought him into the to the Holocaust
Center I understand that do you do you
really just like you understand the
meaning of cofee fate right the
president in a small group of people
know exactly what he meant just like we
all know what Sean Spicer meant when he
said fine
mr. Trudeau of Canada that is called a
levee wall on the left that is called a
bollard wall how you use the game of
golf is something that he's talked about
I'm but even general Flint was a
volunteer of the campaign when you see
mass weapons of destruction being used
you want to use them on your own
administration for having you face them
mean reporters with their heart
questions every day right allspice but
maybe after all of this Scary Spice will
consider switching teams and join the
ominous and mean MSM first I think your
headlines are bad
I'm glad you re right I'd be glad to if
you like if you guys are looking for
some help hmm I can see it now you go
Spice Girl
fly free it's been a good run and now
you can spend your days fighting the
good fight against that longtime nemesis
you have yet to vanquish dippin dots
thanks for watching T YT share this fun
trip down memory lane with your friends
and follow this spicy lady at Hanna
Cranston
