this weekend seventeen-year-old na bra
hassanein uh was abducted and murdered
after leaving a mosque uh early in the
morning and now to add insult to injury
just several days after that happened a
memorial was established for nah bruh
and someone went this morning and set it
on fire
DC police confirmed the daily news that
officers were called Wednesday morning
after fire was set to the memorial at a
fountain spokeswoman said that Jonathan
Solomon a 24 year old from South
Carolina had been arrested just after
10:00 a.m. and added that at this time
the incident does not appear to be
motivated by bias uh and so I I reached
out to the police department try to find
out if the key they keep saying South
Carolina this person travel to there and
I have not been able to have it been
confirmed at this point but I would
argue that regardless of whether he
lived in that area or he traveled
expressly to set fire to it there's some
bias involved in that yet accidentally
was just looking to start a fire in the
memorial was there so in the case of the
original death of Hassanein in this case
there's some dispute as to why it
happened so originally on a unsurprising
people thought it was a hate crime
because uh they were on their way to a
mosque they are wearing head scrubs at
least certainly and a bar was uh and so
I given the the climate in America
people made a reasonable assumption that
it was related their hate crime uh which
is there's a couple of them that were in
the news very very seriously uh now uh
they authorities say that might not be
the case that it might have been road
rage that's a weird kind of road rage
because he chased some of the baseball
bat
seemed like they weren't in the car so I
don't know why he was the way they had
been walking home from the earth not
home walking to the mosque from an IHOP
he had either been dry it's not
immediately clear if he was parked and
they were nearby uh they said that he
pulled over on - I believe the sidewalk
so he we had either been driving or they
passed in he drove to catch up something
like that dad had an argument came out
with a metal baseball bat and abducted
her and the after hitting her yet
and then God knows what happened
afterwards uh afraid to find out
there's no investigating yet and uh her
body was found later in the day in a
nearby pond so either way it
second-degree murder is the charge and
and they're investigating and hopefully
he'll be punished
maksim extent now we think they caught
very quickly yeah that's a great job by
the authorities in fighting now turning
to burning down a memorial who
accidentally burns down a memorial or
burns out a memorial for someone but it
doesn't have anything do with the
memorial event of any like what so
somebody drove from South Carolina to do
a random act of like is a pyro and was
like I know like burning things in South
Carolina Drive all the way over here
first flammable thing he saw the news
yeah so that seems super weird to me
in fact if it's the same authorities who
began credit to them for catching them
tell me the memorial being burned down
is coincidence that and they're also
telling me that the first their initial
crime is also cuz it coincidence yep it
makes me question whether the initial
ground was actually a coincidence or
road rage over was a right it's a whole
bunch of coincidences apparently that's
right so lo you got investigate that
stuff and find out in it as this stuff
is fresh be a lot of miscommunication
things will settle down hopefully with
some real answers but it would be very
very surprising if a memorial to this
Muslim uh girl who was killed was burned
down for anything other than yeah but it
was a memorial to a Muslim woman who I
mean it was would burn down a memorial
to anyone to anyone
yeah regardless of the what drove the
initial crime this guy seems to have had
some sort of bias yeah and I guess just
because of what's been what's been
happening internationally in the past
couple weeks it just it it bothers me
should bother everyone remember um
Donald Trump tried to spread that myth
that after 9/11 there were Muslims on
the rooftops cheering this idea that
terrible act happens people die and some
group takes joy in that it didn't
actually happen but he was spreading
that that idea
and here you have this girl killed some
people apparently are fans of that they
like it there were the Muslim prop
worshipers leaving in uh in London that
were driven down by the guy in the van
trying to kill as many Muslims as
possible and the son of the owner of the
van company says he wishes that they had
rented him a steamroller a tank or a
steamroller instead glorifying the fact
that the killing happened there's
facebook pages filled with positive
comments after events like this
happening for some reason that's not
supposed to be a problem that's just as
just a couple of bad seeds we're not
supposed to be disturbed by the fact
that when you kill Muslims people are
allowed to cheer they're allowed to be
happy they're allowed to call for more
violence and were not supposed to be
disturbed about that John is just lone
wolves and tons of lone wolves
collecting together and talking about
how awesome killing Muslims is yet and
uh in remember Islam is dangerous and
violent so that's why you should set
their memorials on fire exactly and if
you're in London you should run them
over with a truck because they're
dangerous and violent that that's what
learning or perhaps it could be that
extremists on both sides are dangerous
and violent because they're extremists
yeah and fundamentalist and that what's
driving the violence is the extremism
and not whether they happen to be
Christian or Muslim white or anything
else yeah no that's crazy talk let's I
go back to doing the the thing we're
really good at picking a minority and
blaming them for all the problems and
then feeling really good about ourselves
and then if that minorities attack
saying I had nothing do with it yeah
yeah and uh people just so scared now
that they will like the idea so I I read
there was an analysis it said the the
chance that you'll be killed in a terror
attack committed by a refugee is uh one
in I believe it was 3.4 billion a year
but of random seventeen-year-old girl
deserves to die the the leap that it
takes mentally to get to that point and
this is not a rare leap I mean maybe not
a lot of people will act on maybe not a
lot of people will kill kill number not
maybe not a lot of people will Center
Memorial on fire but for everyone who
does one of those two things there are a
lot of people who are happy that's
happening
and that is that is incredibly
disturbing thankfully a launch good page
was set up for neighbors family who's
still in the very beginning of their
grieving it's raised more than three
hundred and fourteen thousand dollars
for them as of early Wednesday afternoon
never bring their daughter back you know
a tragic anyway you slice it Young Turks
now has over six billion lifetime views
you know who did that you did that we're
now larger the CNN ABC you name a news
network
online were larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build in the meta media
together with us at TYT Network dot-com
/join
