there are certain places where you
expect to see racist homophobic or
anti-immigrant sentiments expressed
places like a Fox News message board
your ex-brother-in-law Facebook page or
at a Donald Trump rally but have bigots
found a new channel for their hate and
begun expressing their hostility toward
minority groups on restaurant receipts
sure practically since the expression
check please entered the lexicon
restaurant receipts have provided
customers and servers with the
opportunity to exchange short messages
expressions of thanks happy faces or if
the meal went really well maybe a phone
number but in the last couple of years
thanks to social media we've witnessed
the phenomenon of hostile often bigoted
messages directed by patrons at their
servers left on restaurant checks on the
one hand you've got the typical gay
bashers like the diners at a Kansas City
restaurant who last August not only left
no tip for their server ad Cabrera
but thoughtfully added the message Adam
and Eve not Adam and Steve to the
receipt hey who needs a five dollar tip
when you can enjoy a moralizing lesson
in Bible based homophobia instead then
there was the even less subtle customer
at a Kentucky Buffalo Wild Wings
restaurant who left a note on his
receipt for server Kyle Griffith that
read sorry I don't tip faggots helpfully
adding the hashtag you need Jesus hmm
but these days the most popular form of
restaurant received bigotry has to be
anti-immigrant vitriol from the
customers at Jess's lunch in
Harrisonburg Virginia who stiffed
waitress Sadie Elledge leaving behind a
note reading we only tip citizens to the
students dining at a Virginia Beach I
hop who refused to tip except to write
build that wall Trump daddy on the check
for Filipino waitress Rachel Mao or the
customer at a Redondo Beach California
Thai restaurant who paid the bill in
full but not a penny more explaining in
a note on the cheque to the Thai server
that quote tip for u.s. citizens only
sure these are just a few examples so
it's not like racists are running
rampant scribbling bigoted notes all
over the nations restaurant receipts and
in truth these people might not even be
motivated by pure bigotry they're
probably just huge cheapskates looking
for an excuse not to tip so they figure
hey Trump is president and he hates on
immigrants and gets away with sniffing
people who work for him all the time
so I guess doing both is still really
cool now but you know that for every
dick customer who leaves a note like
this
there are countless others who don't tip
or who leave a shitty tip for their
non-white servers without leaving a
hateful note to explain why what's
interesting is that not tipping because
you suspect your server is an immigrant
is the perfect microcosm of modern
American xenophobic hypocrisy
oh sure you'll happily let an immigrant
wait on you prepare your food and wash
your dirty dishes but when it's time to
pay them well that's where you draw the
line right just like you are perfectly
happy to eat food that was picked or
meat that was packed by an illegal
immigrant to stay in a hotel with a bed
made by an illegal immigrant clean by an
illegal immigrant or even let illegal
immigrants risk their lives serving in
the US military
but you draw the line when your taxes
might be spent to send their kids to
school or provide them with health care
on the bright side we have a counter
example from that same restaurant in
Redondo Beach California where the
customer left his Thai waitress the note
reading tip for u.s. citizens only it
turns out that after hearing about this
bigoted tightwads note other customers
stepped in on the waitresses behalf one
left at 50% tip to in his words make up
for the poor attitude of that other
gentleman another left a $10 bill in a
note reading sorry you had to deal with
that sad man and a third receipt
included a large tip with the note sorry
he was a racist so not only are there
still plenty of kind-hearted
compassionate restaurant patrons to make
up for the racists and skinflints
but this one has also given us a fitting
epitaph for whenever the donald trump
presidency
comes crashing down
thanks for watching TYT I'm Malcolm
flesh nur and for more like this you can
follow me on Twitter at culture schlock
and until next time stay strong
