in Virginia we recently had a shooting
uh guy added clearly for political
reasons in this case uh very rare
situation where he was on the left he
was he was a Bernie Sanders supporter
and now that's of course no uh bad thing
on Bernie Sanders I mean if Martin
Luther King supporter shot someone
that's not on Martin Luther King he
talked about non-violence percent sucks
better but he was on the left and he did
do it for political reasons any shot uh
a Republican legislator Steven Scalise
who by the way has improved now he's in
fair condition which is great news uh
but curiously enough the FBI said today
at this point in investigation the FBI
does not believe there's a nexus to
terrorism would woman's own Nexus to
terrorism you don't need a Nexus to
terrorism it is terrorism
he shot people for a political reason
fact let's go to dictionary definition
dictionary definition of terrorism is
the unlawful use of violence uh and
intimidation especially against
civilians in the pursuit of political
aims it's literally a textbook
definition of terrorism the guy uh does
issuing of people he doesn't like in
this case Republicans for political
reasons there is no Nexus to terrorism
it just is
terrorism now gee I wonder why they
don't call tears let's take a quick look
at this gentleman here oh yeah that's
true he's not must okay eleven right
wing if you're white I got a thousand
called terrible is they're all in front
of his name at all al fine all day
dangerous terrorists okay not fine
obviously uh kill people would face
charges etcetera and then I thought what
is there any white person they've ever
call the terrorists fair question well
actually there are and we found him okay
if you remember of course Ted Kaczynski
the Unabomber is fairly pretty much
considered a terrorist sure Timothy
McVeigh who did the bombing in Oklahoma
City air Rudolph we did the Atlantic's
uh
the
Atlanta bombs Olympic bombing say that
abortion bombings as well I figured it
out
if you're white if you want to get call
the terrorists you actually got to bring
a bomb with you okay now if you're
Muslim you run people over your
terrorist you good night people you're
terrorist you shoot people
Orlando San Bernardino your terrorist
well I mean they had a political reason
they targeted civilians etcetera right
if you're white and you shoot
congressman whether they're Republicans
or Democrats Gabby Giffords Steve
Scalise or you shoot anyone else if you
don't have a bomb with you you're a
terrorist
it's curious is not in the dictionary
but that apparently is the definition
we're going with call it what it is you
just watch the video from the young
turks
did you know there's a live to our show
every day and if you're a member of the
Young Turks you get that on-demand
anytime you want without ads plus the
postgame just for members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now tea white tea network.com
slash showing was a vision for jigna
shooter a terrorist
very simple yes-no TYT Network dot-com
slash shooter ok 218 Network a concise
shooter was the Virginia shooter a
terrorist maybe you guys disagree maybe
you think every that he's not shoot for
I mean a terrorist others
