now in an elevator now and there's a
screen cuz I look I don't like screens I
mean the screen is okay in front of us I
guess but sure you're on it I hate
looking at myself um but Teresa Strasser
doesn't I got it now I got an even
hysteresis trouser and very buttery I
gotta say it's um everywhere I go I've
yet to find now a single restaurant or
bar or anywhere that doesn't have
multiple screens everywhere you look in
ISM like I'm sure women can not they can
block out the screen as a guy there's
like movement in my eye I'm looking at
it for I don't care what I don't care if
it's like competitive to it tiddlywinks
I'm like I this is obviously more
important what I'm watching than what
you the person I'm eating with her
because my eyes are just drawn to her ya
know I don't actually have bright
screens that they're designed to draw
you in it's designed any look I know
it's not a conspiracy anything but you
can kind of look at it and say dude
everywhere you go
your ears are assaulted with music and
your eyes are assaulted with screens to
keep you from thinking I think it's just
because they're trying to sell your
stuff although they are know what they
say is we had your eyes captive while
you're here and we can make this money
off your cap device right yes that's
right
and it's just whatever and maybe maybe
Millennials derp you so used to it that
it doesn't bother them but I mean it
started I remember the first thing going
wow this is weird how loud those cab
things came on in New York City did you
them and you had a mutant right and then
I remain in the early ones I remember
send it to the cabbie hey I maybe it was
Vegas where I as it can this is loud man
keys and I wish like there's nothing I
can do there's nobody I can there's no
turning them all I know I hate them too
you know can't imagine how crazy they
are by the end of the day they're
exactly cup of that all day well
right but everything you can
everything's getting sold man it's a and
I anyway to and I feel like that that
I'm uh everything's more aggravating and
more annoying and I think that's because
of the political times where I'm not
pinning it all on Trump part of it is a
lot of it is funny is um we're older
right back and crankier right so I'm
curious the Millennials are like what
who cares
TV's on each other all right
