you know what Blue Dog Democrats are uh
they're this group of conservative
Democrats uh who if you're conservative
was that mean right well what what are
you doing democratic why one just go be
a Republican they think it's cute to be
a Democrat and then support Republican
ideals now they're easily a lot of them
there are not that many of them anymore
because they can't win elections uh
wells is try to be like a Republican in
they vote for the Republicans that uh
who figure uh whether it just as little
as they are in the house they could be
still pivotal in getting some swing
votes so they're up to no good right now
let me tell you about that Blue Dog
Democrats according to the hill huddled
with leading members of President trumps
uh economic team on Tuesday in the
capital with a lawmakers press the
administration to seek bipartisan
reforms the nation's tax code
let me decipher that for you uh these
are conservative Democrats who are going
to try to help Trump make tax cuts uh
for the rich and for corporations and
make them permanent thank you so much
for being Democratic Party it's really
helpful uh the hill explains just
eighteen members strong the centrist
blue dogs compose a tiny voice in the
house hey what happened I thought
Democratic Party's been telling me for
last two decades that if you're a
centrist or conservative Democrat you
have a better chance of winning do they
look like they have a better chance of
winning they're almost extinct okay but
with GOP leaders struggling to rally
their divided conference around
big-ticket legislation the blue dog see
themselves potentially stepping into the
mix to broker a bipartisan deal for the
sake of getting tax reform the Trump's
desk this year Jonas and that sense just
said the Republicans might have trouble
cutting taxes on the rich by themselves
so the Blue Dog Democrats are riding to
the rescue to make sure that those taxes
for the rich get the Trump's desk why
thank you so much Blue Dog Democrats and
these are the ones you want to protect
no thank you
they're actually worse than Republicans
because they give the Republicans
bipartisan cover so and as you see
there's an extra little gift for the
Republicans at the end that the Blue Dog
Democrats brag to the lobbies about
let's quote one of them Sanford Bishop
from Georgia says
you've got the far left you've got the
far right and the blue dogs are in the
center and basically we want a tax code
that's efficient that works for
everybody efficient this code word for
tax cuts for the rich in corporations
they don't need code words they say it
they say they want tax cuts especially
for corporate America who are
unsurprisingly their donors uh and look
they're framing they frame progressives
as the far left and then they talk about
the far right and they say if you're in
the center you do exactly as
corporations tell you thank you but no
thank you okay not interested not
interested in this brand of Democrats
they're interested in input that the
blue dogs are because they recognize
that it needs to be a bipartisan effort
if it's going to succeed and they wanted
to succeed white so why do you want to
succeed if you're progressive which I
guess they proudly claim that they're
not uh well why would you want giant
access for the rich to be enacted I
don't want you to have any input on that
I just want you to say no well I mean
that's not very bipartisan to me you're
right it's not bipartisan to me because
I'm not interested in helping Trump cut
taxes for his friends she so you want to
say I'm not bipartisan you're right I'm
not I don't want more tax cuts for the
rich or for corporations I don't want
them I would work with them on a boat I
would work with a monokote the Blue Dogs
meanwhile are vowing to press ahead of
course their last week they wrote to tax
reform stakeholders on Gay Street urging
the groups opposed a strictly partisan
approach to this year's debate do you
know what tax reform stakeholders on K
Street means it means corporate
lobbyists that I call precious lobbyists
Corbyn lobbies give me money I give you
tax cuts you give me ten thousand bucks
I give you ten billion bucks that's the
swamp so but if your corporate lobbies
what they'll you need the Democrats for
right uh you just do it through the
Republicans but ah if you just use
Republican votes in the Senate you have
to use a particular device called
reconciliation which means that yes you
can get past a democratic filibuster but
that means that it only lasts for ten
years
it's not a partner
it uh bill it sunsets after ten years so
hence representative dan Lipinski
Democrat of Illinois says this reforming
and this is plea to the lobbyists
reforming our tax system must be get
done in the most responsible and
sustainable way and that means it must
be bipartisan in other words you can
have your giant tax cuts but just for
ten years if you work with Republicans
but if you also bribe us legally of
course us Democrats
well then we'll help you make those
giant tax cuts permanent how do you like
the Blue Dog Democrats now know they're
not here to help you they're not
centrist they're corporate this is why
we call them corporate Democrats and
they don't care at all about their
voters they care about their donors they
and they're almost bragging about it
here we went to K Street K Street is
where Eliza K Street stakeholders and
told them all the goodies that Democrats
can deliver the corporate lobbyists
that's what Blue Dog Democrats are about
and they hated when we point that out
because it's overwhelmingly true what
else are you doing why else are you
helping Trump get more tax cuts for the
rich and for corporations please justice
Democrats calm you want strong Democrats
who actually believe in being
progressive and strongly so and stating
it and clearly fighting forward you go
to justice Democrats you want sellout
Democrats who are going to vote for
Republicans and work for their donors
instead you go to Blue Dogs you go to
corporate Democrats you go to
establishment Democrats time for a
revolution it's not their party it's our
party you aboard their ship you take it
over and you set the Democratic Party in
the right direction the direction of FDR
and JFK not in the direction of Hillary
Clinton and all of our lobbyist friends
let's go right now let's take the party
over Justice Democrats calm if you leave
it up to them they can't wait to work
with Trump what happened to the
resistance Young Turks now has over six
billion lifetime views you know who did
that you did that
we're now larger the CNN ABC you name a
news network online were larger than
them and you built all that as everyone
scoffed and didn't believe and here we
are guys thanks to you build in the meta
media together with us at TYT Network
dot-com /join
