our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt more than 2,000
individuals or 2040 Ricans specifically
applied for funeral assistance after
Hurricane Maria and FEMA only approved
seventy-five of them now FEMA approved
just three percent of applications for
funeral assistance from more than 2,000
were Tarek and families who lost loved
ones after Hurricane Maria so one of the
things that FEMA does help with does
assist with is if there is some sort of
natural disaster and people have died as
a result
FEMA funding can be used to help people
pay for the funeral costs however there
have been issues when it comes to the
official death toll as a result of
Hurricane Maria remember that those
numbers were just recently updated now
FEMA had received 2431 requests for
funeral assistance from Puerto Ricans
related to the hurricane they approved
just 75 of them meaning that ninety
seven percent have either been rejected
or have not received a decision almost a
year later so elizabeth warren was the
senator who pushed to get some more
information about this this is how we
know about it and when fema responded to
her they didn't give her the specific
reasons for why all these other people
were rejected but the letter also
indicated that to qualify Puerto Ricans
had to provide a death certificate or
letter from a government official that
clearly indicates the death was
attributed to the emergency or disaster
either directly or indirectly but
unfortunately that information is
incredibly difficult to get in fact
according to BuzzFeed news getting that
information was impossible for many
families because the Puerto Rican
government recently admitted that
officials were not counting hurricane
related deaths correctly but you know
that's the same reason why I actually
don't blame theme or the Trump
administration that much on this one
because I I blame them for not
responding quickly enough and getting
those people
that's what led to the deaths in the
first place and that's you know or the
overwhelming majority of the problem but
in the case of the funerals you do need
a death certificate that says it was
connected to the storm and at the time
they had not connected those deaths to
the storm they just did recently so I
tend to think they were following their
rules so I'm not that outraged by this
story yeah so I I am outraged but I
agree with you that it's not look it's
not FEMA's
responsibility to issue the death
certificates right it's the the local
officials the the politicians in Puerto
Rico but the wait there was wrongdoing
on the Puerto Rican side as well and I'm
specifically talking about some of the
politicians right the fact that we
couldn't get updated accurate numbers
regarding the death toll was ridiculous
I mean it was what 65 people or
something around there in the 60s and it
wasn't until a couple weeks ago where
researchers went in I believe it was
researchers with George Washington
University and they were able to find a
more accurate count although even that
number is a bit of an underestimate
based on other estimates that we're done
but nonetheless let's say we take that
at face value nearly 3,000 people died
as a result of the hurricane we now have
an update and it's on those politicians
to do the right thing and ensure that
these people get the right death
certificate and FEMA issue the money
that these people deserve so they can
bury their loved ones a lot of people
were I mean they've already been buried
to be fair a lot of people were cremated
even though family members didn't want
to cremate they felt like they had no
choice because that was the cheaper
option so look not every story has to be
about blame but we can't fix things
once we've got information in so now
that they know that they are those
deaths were related to the hurricane
they should just simply pay for those
funerals in hindsight because that's the
rules that apply to everybody it applies
to people in Texas Florida and and in
Puerto Rico as well so I think it should
be a relatively easy fix
if they resist the fix then you've got a
problem because that's fundamentally
unfair but I think we should give them
an opportunity to do so
so with that said I mean that was yet
another issue that came out of Hurricane
Maria and Puerto Rico and I just want to
remind you guys of what Trump thinks
about their efforts okay I think Porter
Rico is incredibly successful Puerto
Rico was actually our toughest one of
all because it's an island I actually
think it was one of the best jobs that's
ever been done with respect to what this
is all about and the problem with Puerto
Rico is their electric grid and their
electric generating plan was dead before
the storms ever hit it was in very bad
shape that was in bankruptcy had no
money the job that FEMA and law
enforcement and everybody did working
along with the governor in Puerto Rico I
think was tremendous I think the Puerto
Rico was an incredible unsung success
Texas we have been given a pluses for
Florida we've been given a pluses for I
think in a certain way the best job we
did was Puerto Rico but nobody would
understand that we've gotten a lot of
receptivity a lot of thanks for the job
we've done in Puerto Rico now we have a
clown in office it's look as I just told
you not everything is Trump's fault his
government's fault
et cetera and you got to judge it based
on the facts of the situation so I'm not
blaming him for the funerals at this
point but who trust that guy to run the
white house to run the country right he
said that Puerto Rico were nearly as
3,000 people died worse than Hurricane
Katrina and New Orleans was quote one of
the best jobs ever done yeah but look
the reason why I brought that video back
is because the question from the
reporter was what lessons can be learned
right and his answer is no lessons it
was perfect so as more and more of these
stories come out about the aftermath in
Puerto Rico I mean just just be a human
for once and just acknowledge that
mistakes were made and we're gonna do
better next time and we're gonna do what
we can to rectify the situation but he
doesn't have that in him
as we talked about yesterday he's a
sociopath lacks empathy doesn't
understand you know the pain and
suffering of others doesn't want to take
a leadership position and right the
wrongs that occurred in this in this
case yeah and what did I tell you I said
that he would blame you afterwards we
were talking about it earlier in the
show if something goes wrong when the
storm hits the East Coast today his plan
is to just simply blame you just like he
did right there he said oh well you know
they they had problems in Puerto Rico
already it's not our fault it's their
fault well it's your job to to go out
there and help him and not shoot baskets
with paper towels later when asked about
this insensitive way of dealing with
victims of the hurricane he said they
were what was it something like
beautiful towels soft towels it was the
softest they were the normal paper
towels in plastic I don't know he's such
a fool anyone who can't see that he's a
fool I really I pity you huh apparently
you just you look at that and you think
that's a smart person Wow god that's so
embarrassing I can't help you good luck
with your life like what you see click
this subscribe button below and don't
forget to ring the bell to never miss
another video from the Young Turks
