hey guys I was on vacation for a little
while I'm back now and I'm pissed so I
lost the election in Georgia this is the
one that Democrats are really hopeful
for I want to have a long second with
all the details and all the quotes and
all the numbers for you guys tonight on
a live show at six o'clock Eastern ok
TYT Network dot-com / live but now let
me tell you quickly because I'm in a
rage this morning when I saw how he ran
his campaign he lost by four points why
did he lose cuz he ran as a regular old
Democrat as usual he spent a lot of his
advertised sent in 25 million dollars to
help them look there was some big-money
donors in there but there was a lot of
small donors and you guys busted your
ass for him and he read a campaign
saying that he's a centrist
and not a progressive ah why do you do
that it's such a losing strategy how
many seats do you have to lose before
you stop apologizing for yourself now
the people in Washington pretend that
they're so smart like Oh Jake did you
know that that's actually a relatively
Republican district in fact Tom price of
wanted by 23 points
that's Newt Gingrich's former seed did
you know that yeah of course I know that
but they but you know what you don't
know while you think you're playing
three-dimensional chess you're actually
playing checkers when you keep telling
people that the other side is right they
believe you the Republicans spent all
their money
attacking Democrats and progressives and
also spent almost all of his money
apologizing for being a progressive what
gee I wonder who's going to win I can't
quite tell and this is not the first
time it's happened this is the billionth
time that it's happened no Jake you to
understand the centrist way is the right
way to go in red states no it's not the
populist way to go is much better if he
said karen handel is corrupt okay and
i'm going to end the corruption look at
all this money she's taking from the
giant
donors if he'd run his campaign with no
big donors a lot I guarantee you he
would have won
I guarantee it if he had run is adjust
I'm kidding look people get mad I don't
care if he had run as a justice Democrat
he would have won they tied him to Nancy
Pelosi just as Democrats don't agree
that Nancy Pelosi should be the leader
oh there's aw yeah that's because they
tied him to being liberal no they
tightened to Nancy Pelosi people view
her as part of the corrupt system okay
well you don't like that okay that's a
sad day for you but that is the reality
of how people view it but we told you
that that's how they viewed Hillary
Clinton you said no no we've got this
figured out you don't have anything
figured out corporate Democrats you lost
the Donald Trump and now you lost a seat
that was eminently winnable quiz lost by
six points if you run is it just
Democrat yes he woulda won he woulda won
because we were to run a stronger
campaign Kristen Montana look you got
the guy saying on tape to his donors
that he is actually in favor of the
Republican health care proposal which is
deeply unpopular you ran a half way on
that god bless you that was the right
strategy come out and call him a liar
which is what he is called corrupt which
is what he is because he takes big donor
money and what does he do in private to
his daughters he says I am lying to the
public I'm actually going to serve you
guys but you can't do that you can't
have the moral high ground if you're
also taking big donor money just stop it
man stop taking the corporate money stop
taking the PAC money run as populist
progressives and you will win look you
literally could not do any worse they
have lost all of these close close races
at a time when Donald Trump is deeply
unpopular if you can't beat this
Republican party you are pathetic
step aside butch step aside Justice
Democrats calm go there right now just
Democrats are calm slash donate donate
to our candidates okay our candidates
are gonna run real elections they gonna
run tough elections there are real
people for real change and they're not
going to
big doing our money and they're not in
favor of the corruption if you run a
campaign one more time where you spend
all of that small donor money all you
progresses bless your heart for fighting
so hard if they take your money again
and run a campaign saying they're not
progressive that they're centrist he ran
a campaign zealot I promise I won't
raise taxes off for smaller government
those are republican talking points be
proud of your own message and instead
dated the same old way and I know right
now Democratic consultants watching
going oh please you don't see our
polling numbers on how the people in the
suburbs of Atlanta don't like higher
taxes no I see those numbers
I know those numbers so why don't you
get your base to show up why don't you
actually activate people and say hey
those taxes of you if it went to good
causes that like hey helping your kids
again free college then great but you
know what there's a lot of truth in what
you're saying cuz those taxes are going
to these wars that are totally
unnecessary make your points not their
points instead you had an ad campaign
that totally helped the Republicans and
yet another Democratic loss when they
thought they were going to win for God's
sake Democratic Party turn around turn
around but you won't and if we leave
these guys in charge and that's why we
started justice Democrats they're never
ever going to turn around because
they're paid to lose and yet again if
you're paid to lose one more loss how
much of a record of failure can you take
before you realize you're going down the
wrong road
justice Democrats comm join us right now
because the whole reason we started it
is not because we think primaries hurt
the Democratic party primaries help the
democratic party because taking them off
this road is imperative if you want to
actually beat Republicans we want to
keep on losing like this go ahead and
back this incredibly ineffective loser
establishment Democrats
