yesterday we reported on a 30 year-old
woman by the name of Charlene Elias who
had a mental illness and unfortunately
called police officials in regard to a
burglary and then was shot by the two
seattle cops who showed up to the scene
now when cops arrived to the scene they
alleged that she was holding a knife and
they felt threatened and that's why they
decided to shoot her I think she got the
she day just to be clear it's not your
toy I think she she didn't have the
knife when they got this they didn't she
went and got the knife yeah so yes and
we're gonna get to that in just a second
because the Seattle Police Department in
an effort to be transparent about this
case has released audio of the situation
and it gives you a sense of what that
scene was like now just to give you some
more context before we go to the audio
recording captured by microphones linked
wirelessly to the dashboard video system
in the officers patrol car was publicly
released in the interest of maintaining
transparency in the investigation of
Sunday's shooting and that's according
to a statement by the Seattle Police
Department
keep in mind that Lyle's had four
children and was expecting a fifth
meaning that she was pregnant at the
time of the shooting and unfortunately
again she did lose her life now the full
audio is a little over four minutes long
obviously we can't play the full thing
for you but I do highly recommend you
listen to the full audio we will include
a link in the description box below
but the Seattle Police Department in the
statement posted on its website along
with audio recordings said that two
officers were sent on Sunday to respond
to a report of a burglary instead of the
typical one because of a recent officer
safety caution associated with the
caller so why am i mentioning that well
before this encounter with the cops she
had another encounter with cops where
she had a little bit of an episode she
became paranoid she had a pair of
scissors in her hands she accused these
cops of being part of the KKK and coming
after her so clearly there's some sort
of mental condition going on and the
police department was aware of that
and the responding police officials were
also aware of that in fact in the audio
they're heard is saying she let them in
then she started talking all crazy about
how the officers weren't going to leave
this gal she is the one making all these
weird statements about how her and her
daughter are going to turn into Walt
so that was said in the audio by the two
cops that were involved in the shooting
so the reason why I mentioning that is
because they were aware that she had
some sort of mental condition now with
that said here is the part of the audio
where the shooting happened so obviously
there's no video to accompany that audio
but that's what we have right now I I
don't know I don't know what kind of
training there is with this Police
Department and those who have mental
conditions but police have said that
both officers were equipped with less
lethal force options and unfortunately
it ended with them using fatal force and
killing her they knew she had a mental
health condition they did yes you showed
us that it just seemed like it was meant
to be more derisive than oh this is a
clue we should follow perhaps this
should be handled differently mm-hmm I
don't know man
it's a-you know I am again keenly aware
these are these are two police officers
who are confronted with a person with a
knife so I'm I you know they're either
not going to get charged or if they do
the charge they're going to get
acquitted and I know but I've read
stories about how quickly someone can
cover a lot of ground with an
I find it hard to believe that two
police officers couldn't disable the
knife I don't know I'm not a cop so and
I know cops are gonna roll their eyes
and and and so I don't know when I
wasn't there we need more information
and everybody should probably shut up
until we have more information but I
don't know I still don't understand I
know that when you're trained as a
police officer in the United States of
America and I think in every single
jurisdiction that if you use lethal
force you're supposed to use lethal
force to kill right right you're never
supposed to shoot anybody in the leg
especially if somebody has a gun because
zoom in the leg they can still shoot you
with their gun that has translated over
to knives also you know logic tells me
that what why I understand by the way
you can shoot somebody in the leg and
still kill them I got it but not usually
so again it goes back to are we sure
we're doing everything right are we
hundred percent positive the police
training in New Year 2017 for handling
the people at their worst moments are we
positive we're doing it the right way if
we're positive we're doing the right way
if we if we as as President Obama said
he was going to do if we were going to
put the best policing minds involved
with people involved in at-risk
communities and put them together and
the smartest people and talked it out
about the best way to handle it
if we came out with the exact same
solution okay but I bet we aren't
handling it in the best way I bet there
are different ways to handle it that
would reduce these things happening
because it's not just her family now
that and the kids the three kids who are
in the goddamn house man it's not just
those that fit her life's over and her
family's life has changed in those kids
lives she was pregnant Yeah right so
it's not just that that's ruined it it
has a damaging effect on the psyche in
Seattle and in the state of Washington
and for all of us to get this again and
again
Ganon to suddenly start feeling like hey
baby I was tied grew up I've taught to
believe police they came to our school
they're the good guys right there's
damage to our collective psyche when we
stop thinking that and for some that
happened a long time ago and they're not
the good guys and I totally get mad if
you say I have enormous privilege as a
white male to where anytime a cop has
asked me to do anything I'd do it and
I've never had a fear in my life and my
run-ins with police have been negligible
if I've had any I can't even remember
maybe one and getting pulled over that's
it and it's like it's all we're joking
at the end right you know but it has a
collective effect on all our psyches and
it has on the black people for since
that since the 18th century
so let's it's possible we're doing it
wrong it is possible that it's okay to
try and shoot somebody in the leg who
has a knife and you think is a risk
because they're not gonna kill you with
the knife if you shoot him in the leg
and she'd be alive today and I don't
know I don't know and I'm not an
authority but man I want authorities to
get together and I want that
conversation broach because their
immediate response to it as always know
if you've draw your weapon and if you
think a circumstance is serious enough
to discharge your weapon
then you discharged your weapon to kill
yeah and and look it's I think that in
order to stop the types of stories that
we're seeing far too often there needs
to be a comprehensive approach right
because right now in society we have a
dangerous cocktail that leads to these
types of encounters with cops first of
all you know we have issues with
healthcare in general but mental health
care I mean how many look just living in
Los Angeles and of course this is
anecdotal evidence but I know that on a
broader level this is a big issue there
are people who are living in the streets
because of the fact that they have
untreated mental conditions and you see
it day in and day out you know and and
people can't afford to take care of
themselves physically right now and
mental healthcare is never a priority in
the United States until there's a mass
shooting and people are looking for a
scapegoat so we don't have to talk about
gun legislation right but mental
healthcare is something that we won huh
% have to address in the country and we
don't so we don't address mental health
care people go untreated okay we have an
issue with you know cops who are
justified and being paranoid because
we're swimming in a sea of guns right
and then on top of that there is a lack
of training in terms of dealing with
individuals who have mental health
issues and so this cocktail it leads to
these types of stories that we see day
in and day out and there are stories
that we don't even report on because it
would literally be the only thing that
we talk about on the show if we were to
report on every single one of them I
mean I don't know if there's ever gonna
be a solution I mean I know there are
solutions I know that they're not
actually taken seriously instead of you
know getting defensive I don't know I
feel like it would be more helpful if
people consider possible solutions and
actually work toward you know improving
the conditions that Americans are living
under but it doesn't seem like that's
the case there's just this ridiculous
weird pushback as if every single cop is
perfect and they do their jobs perfectly
100% of the time no other profession you
know gets that type of you know
treatment but for some reason with cops
it's like no you're not allowed to
criticize them they have hard jobs so
they get to go ahead and shoot anyone
they want and you think I get criticized
for it a lot of mobs of boat was here on
Friday and he's just said we pay more
and you make him go to college and I
thought that for a long time and I think
it's just worth bringing up yeah it
becomes a different kind of job and I'm
not saying there are a lot of smart cops
I know a lot of oh I know it's not a lot
but I know some cops and and they're
super smart even thoughtful guys so so
I'm not saying they're not now but that
would be a start it's not it you know
it's not a job you settle in it should
be a job you aspire to it's one of the
hardest jobs in the world and and they
should be paid well and they should be
given time off because it is enormous ly
stressful because they're exposed to
people at their worst every single day
cops on the street arms yes especially
in cities like Los Angeles
and paying them more and having them get
a college where they as Alonzo said
where you meet and are exposed to other
people it would help it's a different
way of thinking about there are already
our jurisdictions that do that we're not
the Young Turks you're The Young Turks
you power this show together we build
some
amazing we broken stories like the Donna
Brazile story the mainstream media
wouldn't break we built a studio we
built this network it's now number one
all thanks to you guys let's come build
it even bigger and stronger TYT Network
comm /join
