there's a lot of excitement around the
country in the political nerd world
anyway about an upcoming Supreme Court
case that could significantly alter the
future of the practice of gerrymandering
in the future and that is being driven
by a case from Wisconsin where
Republicans did what they do which is
get into power and then redraw all the
districts to amplify their actual
support into a significantly larger
amount of political support or political
power anyway back in 2012 Republicans
won forty eight point six percent of the
statewide vote for assembly candidates
but captured 60 of 99 seats in 2014 52
percent of the vote yielded 63 seats and
this is after they redrew the districts
to benefit themselves and the visible
focus on but understand that this is
going on around the country where if you
I mean look we all know that look
Hillary Clinton got more votes in Donald
Trump but the Republican wins the
presidency Democratic Senate candidates
get more votes endeavor than Republican
Senate candidates but Republicans have
the Senate same thing in the house
Democrats get more votes in House races
but they don't have control battle we're
not is not this last year Robins I think
got more house really as I read all okay
2016 and the set the set happened but
that very thing has happened before
unlike all these other things the Senate
is constructed that way in in yeah
that's true that sort of structural yet
putting the Senate in there isn't as
fair but it's like they've created these
many electoral colleges in these state
basically yeah yeah and so now the
Supreme Court is going to consider this
particular Wisconsin redrawing scheme
that they did in case you're not
familiar with gerrymandering which I
wish that we could live in a world where
you didn't have to be here's a picture
that demonstrates the concept where you
have you know there's 60% blue in this
case 40% red you would imagine that if
you're going to have five seats it
should be split three two but if you get
fancy with your pen or if you use a
sophisticated computer program to break
down a district to the block by block
level then you can manipulate it to
produce basically anything you want
also thereby producing districts that
make absolutely no sense and that's what
we have in most parts of this country
and so now the Supreme Court is going to
consider it
theoretically they could they can stop
it they could uphold it we don't know
for sure it looks like it's gonna be
close
uh a lot of people excited I'm actually
very worried and one of the reasons is
there was a consideration of whether the
map should be a should be knocked down
or should be stayed basically while the
court case continues and uh that the
order granted a request this is a vote
that they already had to stay the
district court's decision uh the courts
for liberal members dissented but
Justice Kennedy was in the majority and
it appears like in many other issues his
vote is going to ultimately determine
how they approach uh the gerrymandering
broadly it might be telling but he might
have thought that that that again that
the state should apply all supreme court
tried the case that the law should stand
is written in the Supreme Court I mean
I'm basically just going from very
limited information to see if there's
something we can run that I am uh I have
uh uh PTSD from politics so I presume
that this will be a 5-4 decision in
favor of Wisconsin just cuz right yeah
that's right yeah that's what happened
uh so I'm sure but it is crazy and all
they are you know my my pin tweet for
some time and it was a joke and really
nothing but a joke which was I don't
know why people are so frustrated with
the electoral college uh it's gotten the
right pick uh sixty percent of the time
this century like it's three four five a
great sure everybody got the humor I
still get on a daily basis somebody
saying yeah because we should just let
me at the stood the response is almost
the same we should let yeah we should
really let New York and California
decide who's president well you've just
picked New York in California but if
California what Republican and the same
thing happened I'd have made the same
joke right to the jokes funny yeah right
that's all so it's all but they would
change their minds because it wouldn't
work yeah I mean you could why not say
Texas and Florida me why those two
states why have you have uh all it it
was an it was a flawed plan to begin
with it was a plan we came up with in
the late eighteen
century we have better ways to do this
now
theoretically our independent commission
and we got a lot of problems by the way
I'm pretty sure I'm the only person
who's ever done a story about
gerrymandering and then said by the way
have a refrigerator magnet of Elbridge
Gerry yeah
probably any way yeah just so you know
he was pronounced Elbert Elbridge Gerry
was Gary after Atari I said my league
gerrymandering
but yeah it's funny because I've always
called Elbridge Gerry and then I was
thinking well maybe he's all birds Gerry
I mean if he's Elbridge it's like Jeff
and Jeff it's too late at this point but
yeah I see a lot of people make that
same point like oh we should just look
California decide or they'll show the
map of the the physical geographic area
that was won by Republicans as if fields
vote or as if California votes when you
say oh we should let california decide
what you're saying is oh we should let
them much larger percentage of the
population that lives in california side
yeah yeah probably because we let people
decide and people live in these big
states and I guarantee I guarantee that
sometime in our future a liberal
candidate will win because of the way
the electoral map is laid out Ione more
conservative candidate it will still be
dumb and like we don't like I'm positive
we'll still be that and no one is saying
that he doesn't get to be president all
we're saying is hey going forward it's
worth talking about changing yeah and I
was I was a supported electoral college
until recently until this election and
not because of the results of this
election either but because of how the
results happened in the way I was
dubious that campaigns can be run in
that way and run successfully it totally
proved it worked the balancing of what
the Electoral College tries to do now is
the US Senate I mean that is that's the
balancing that is the that's the
electoral college that matters is that
the US Senate is done that way yeah I've
always argued that it's like when people
first discover politics and then they
read about the the electoral college
they go what what and they don't think
that there are potentially some
positives in there are there are some
potential positives and I've argued
those in the past but yeah you can't you
can't override
the more popular will this many times
and we were told immediately after the
election you're not allowed to talk
about this now you're just pissed about
the election okay it's been like six
months let's talk about it now let's
talk about getting rid of the electoral
college now that we've all simmered a
bit it's failed twice in five times
because ultimately everyone
instinctively wants the person who gets
the most votes to win and I got news for
you
we're headed we're closer to it sort of
working out or we're just as close to
working as we are to Hillary won by
three million votes
somebody can win by seven million votes
or seven and a half or eight million
votes and lose the electoral college and
that's a big galling and it should
already be gone the old argument that it
you know that the agrarian economy would
suffer for because people wouldn't
campaign in Kansas and Idaho because
they have so few people there will be
people they don't commit campaign there
now right but they go to population
center they didn't really campaign there
in 1789 well I said it's right right no
but I mean as soon as we as soon as we
establish to know what they work nobody
was going out campaign of course you had
no way to get there so I mean every
argument has adapted to the time were in
to protect the bubble campaign for you
like in in the eighteen seventies you
right right you people well you can
still have people campaign for you could
already be there
and we have the internet and everybody
can watch those ads uh but yeah so the
Supreme Court is going to be considering
this uh and this is more important right
then this is definitely more important
now obviously we're we're frustrated but
this this is the this is the important
thing and I get why people are
optimistic but understand that when the
Supreme Court finally considers
something they don't generally talk
about there's no you know you never get
a case where it's only potential upside
it could be really good or it could end
up being really bad if they decide that
this is totally cooled that sets a
precedent that could potentially affect
us for a very long time so very high
stakes a Supreme Court case that we'll
keep an eye we're not the Young Turks
you're The Young Turks you power this
show together we build something amazing
we broken stories like the Donna Brazile
story the mainstream media wouldn't
break we built the studio we built this
network is now number
on all thanks to you guys let's come
build it even bigger and stronger TYT
Network dot-com /join
