last night when we were all collectively
experiencing our usual edition of the
world is burning which has now replaced
our Sunday scares to separate gruesome
attacks against Muslims took place one
in the u.s. a 17 year old Muslim girl
was killed and what police are saying is
a possible hate crime while she walked
home from a mosque in Virginia and the
other in the UK the assailant using a
van to target Muslims leaving a mosque
at least one person dying 10 injured
this morning
London's mayor now calling it a quote
deliberate attack and you might have
missed that if you were following just
the mainstream media outlets last night
because of our apologist supposedly left
leading supposedly fake news mainstream
media outlets cover the issue like this
man dies as van hits pedestrians an
incident the BBC is out here carrying
water for the white supremacist movement
as if it's nothing more than a minor
traffic accident that's like saying 9/11
was a simple technical flight failure or
because the pilot was drunk but perhaps
the worst instance of coverage should be
awarded to the Daily Mail because they
had this clever message to promote their
coverage oh clean-shaven moving on I
guess nothing to see here and in the
Daily Mail followed that tweet with a
title that almost made it seem like the
mosque deserve to be attacked as they
mentioned hate cleric Abu Hamza once
preached at that mosque did that context
have to be included what was the goal
there why didn't you mention that this
was also the same mosque that won an
award for combating extremism later on
the clean-shaven thing really got to me
because we have this way of humanizing
white people who commit gruesome acts of
terror like that time the New York Post
referred to a saber wielding white
supremacist as well dressed as he was
coming off the thrills of recent race
related murder he had committed or when
we constantly refer to openly races
white supremacist like Richard Spencer
as dapper when it's literally a part of
their marketing ploy and aside from the
unbalanced borderline inappropriate
media coverage this violent reaction
against Muslims isn't new it's expected
I've extensively talked about the very
real outcomes of blaming an entire
religion for terrorist acts perpetrated
by an extremist violent asshole or
extremist violent asshole groups who
bastardize the interpretation of a
religion to recruit kids at the
think of radicalization this isn't
surprising look this is how a lot of
outlets portray Islam Islam is a
religion of peace do you buy that yeah
they blow you up there's a PC over there
there's a PC over there there's a PC
over there and that's not a Republican
commentator that's fucking Bill Maher
sidenote can we just stop glorifying old
dickheads like Bill Maher who condescend
everyone on the left who don't agree
with is bigoted line of reasoning he's
not a bastion of liberal commentary okay
it's a fucking racist and of course when
you even have dudes on the tolerant left
fear-mongering fearful maniacs are gonna
respond to this narrative and react when
you have a prominent British leader
going on national television and
casually floating the idea of internment
camps for example we want genuine action
and if there is not action then the
coals for internment will grow Boorman
in the UK you have people literally
calling out for armed militias inaction
will only facilitate the creation of a
disgruntled and angry population who
will end up cleaning out this Islamic
problem speaking of action and inaction
where's Donald Trump in his Twitter
fingers when the victims of terror or
Muslim when an identical attack happened
only weeks ago he had a range of
responses from blaming all of Islam to
promoting his unconstitutional Muslim
ban to even attacking the Muslim mayor
of London also on the list of other
actions Trump claimed would help end
terror he blamed Obama for being too PC
and that we needed to solve the
terrorism problem by using the words
radical Islamic terror which he has
repeated like some orange Betelgeuse
radical Islamic terrorism radical
Islamic terrorism radical Islamic
terrorism hi I think terrorism still
very much exists and not just in the
Western world
attacks have gotten more gruesome
particularly in Afghanistan and even
Iran where the targets are Muslims it is
weird that the resentment created by
decades of destabilization under the
guise of enlightened foreign policy in
promoting democracy crippling their
infrastructures their warfare and
routinely bombing the fuck out of these
countries couldn't be undone by then
alienating the people who escaped those
conditions to seek a better life in
Western countries I wonder why and then
on the other side of the pond you have
the murder of a 17 year old Muslim girl
walking with her friends after eating it
I hop which by the way is probably one
of the most
American things any teenager can do but
she was brutally beaten to death by a
psychopath for the mistake of being
Muslim and for practicing a religion
that media outlets freely claim is
violent to its very core
when it comes to covering terror against
brown people the media tends to
whitewash but I guess that's also
reminiscent of Trump's Twitter hot take
machine that only gets fired up whenever
it fits his anti-muslim agenda what both
of these parties emit are almost as
important as what they say and
unfortunately they both tend to
perpetuate hatred against Muslims it's
divisive and that's exactly what Isis
wants as they seek to create chaos in
our communities I'm ason piker please
share this video if you think the media
coverage of Muslims and terror is only
exacerbating the problem don't forget to
follow me on Instagram and Sandeep Iker
and on twitter at has on the hunt and
this has been the breakdown
