a new study published in the New England
Journal of Medicine finds that obesity
is not an epidemic that has subsided in
fact it has gotten worse and the trends
are really alarming what the researchers
found in this case is that more than 10%
of the world's population that's a
hundred and seven point seven million
children and 603 point seven million
adults is now obese okay so I want to
show you a fun little chart uh that was
created by box to show you uh you know
what the trend kind of looks like and if
you look since the nineteen eighties it
there has been an upward trend for every
demographic men women and children uh so
since nineteen eighty the obesity
prevalence has doubled in more than 70
countries around the world mainly in low
and middle income regions and it has
steadily increased in nearly every other
country now this is the part of the
study that I really want to stress
because well some of you might already
know this while some of you have
probably been screaming this from
mountaintops and trying to get people to
understand a lot of people are under the
impression that as long as you're
physically active you can eat whatever
you want you'll have a healthy body
weight but that is not the case and
finally this study clearly lays that out
uh physical activity levels began to
decline before the global obesity rate
started to surge which means changes to
the food environment are the prime
obesity culprit so the researchers here
saying no it is not a lack of exercise
this has everything to do with the types
of foods were eating the amount of food
we're eating and so they focus on that
more than you know physical activity
exercises excellent for health that's
not to say you shouldn't exercise but
it's not important for weight loss the
two things should never be given equal
weight in the obesity debate uh now few
more details for you guys before you
jump in the researchers estimated that a
high body weight contributed to four
million deaths globally or seven percent
of the deaths from any cause in 2015
most of those deaths were caused by
cardiovascular disease with diabetes
following closely behind along with
kidney disease which by the way is a
Jasser baited or even triggered by
diabetes and also cancers so this is
just incredible especially when you
consider the number of people uh the
fact that it impacts not only the United
States or other developed countries but
it impacts a lot of different countries
in fact they looked at nearly 200
different countries and found that this
trend is true of pretty much everywhere
that they went Vietnam by the way these
are countries that didn't have this
problem for a long time obviously and we
I hate to be a self-hating Westerner but
we have exported this cheap crappy food
to the world and I'm not saying I know
that many of us like the dip to
McDonald's or whatever as an indulgence
I don't need it but I understand it but
what's happening is that's a low-cost
way to get this calorie intense food but
it's it's nutrient poor and it's going
to all of these different countries all
over the world and as we've exported
this we've also exported our obesity
problem so I think again I think it
starts where the were the prime movers
in this no doubt it's I think it's
several things that contribute it to it
and I think that lack of education is a
huge one that's what whenever I talk
about specific issues in health I would
stress that the simple things like
people will consider uh pizza I believe
to be a vegetable when I served in the
United States because got tomato puree
in it like it just absurd thing about
politicians will argue they will
literally argue that the tomato sauce or
the ketchup in the school lunches isn't
a vegetable because they don't want to
spend the extra money to provide decent
school lunches for students sorry dinner
no no that's just a thought that's a
point that I wasn't aware of until I
came to this great country and I was
what are you saying like a pizza I it's
bath it baffles me but at the same point
you need to understand that everything
that you put into your body is it's
gonna have to be adjusted in a way that
if you workout workout workout you're
just eating eating eating you're not
going to see any sort of change in your
body not to look on the the furthest end
of the spectrum if you're trying to lose
weight I'm talking about if you just
want to make a slight change in your
body I could go to the gym for months
but if I go and eat crap everything
all day nothing I'm going to get worse
nothing's going to change I don't care
if I'm running five six miles a day
because it's all about what
understanding what your body needs in
order to get healthier and also to
adjust and that starts with education
yeah I'm a very early age telling kids
that yeah give internode McDonald's once
in a while is not going to kill you but
you have to be having cooked meals and
making sure that that is not a means to
go and get a fast food to try and avoid
going and getting some groceries and
cooking your own food and it's about
understanding that's so quicker options
not there the easier alternative which
people try to say oh god McDonough's
really quick just go there's only a
dollar that's not an easy alternate I
have so much to say about this and I do
want to continue this conversation
during a postgame show so if you are a
member you can check that out if you're
not you can go to to I tea network.com
slash join to become a member uh but one
thing that I do want to emphasize is yes
education is part of it but I do believe
that another part of it and I consider
myself pretty educated when it comes to
health right and what to do to keep
myself healthy dude sometimes though I
mean you're so overworked and you're so
stressed out and the idea like the idea
of me going to a grocery store after
work and dealing with people there are
they're like it's inconceivable to me so
sometimes I want that quarter-pounder of
cheese and I so I think a lot of people
also relate to that you don't like ads I
hear your brother you know how you could
avoid as for the Young Turks we can
weigh on a tourist member and get all
the content ad-free TYT Network comm
/join
