a 17-year old Muslim girl has been
reported as dead after she was assaulted
by an individual who allegedly hit her
with uh a metal bat now uh this story is
so devastating and it seems as though it
was possibly a random act of murder
however a police are not treating this
as a hate crime although individuals who
know more about this story indicate that
they do feel that the individual
attacked the 17 year old girl simply
because she is a Muslim now uh she and
her friends were at a mosque uh and
since it's Ramadan they were leaving the
mosque together to go get a meal of
course during Ramadan uh there's no
consumption of food during the day that
all happens at night and so they were
planning on heading out to an IHOP to
eat and that was when this terrible
person approached them and started the
attack now according to accounts from
police and a mosque official a group of
four or five teens were walking back
from breakfast at IHOP early Sunday when
they were confronted by a motorist all
but one of the teens ran to the mosque
where the group reported that the girl
had been left behind the girl is not
bruh uh here's a photo of her a graphic
one and again just an innocent seventeen
year old girl and to be quite honest
with you what I found interesting about
the stories even though she was
celebrating Ramadan it was more of a
social uh thing for her she was really
all that religious and she didn't you
wear a headdress often um she only did
it because it was Ramadan and many think
that she was targeted or the group of
girls were targeted specifically because
of the fact that they were wearing the
headdress
now remains uh thought to be the girls
were actually found at 3 p.m. Sunday in
a pond the girl's mother said detectives
told her that nah bro was struck with a
metal bat Fairfax County police
identified the man charged with murder
in her death as Darwin Martinez Torres
of sterling Virginia
and here is his mugshot luckily he is in
custody police arrested him after they
said that they saw him near the scene
looking suspicious but we don't have
many
details as to why they don't believe
that it is a hate crime we don't have
details as to why they are tying him to
this crime all we know is that a 17 year
old girl
an innocent 17 year old girl lost her
life for absolutely no reason at all
it's a it's an incredibly tragic story
it's a small community outside of
Washington DC and it's not one that is
associated with this kind of violence
and certainly not with any kind of
religious violence and I know that they
as you say they exercise restraint as
far as calling this a hate crime but
it's sort of very much because it is
Ramadan and because as an associate in
traditional garb it's hot it's tough not
to at least have that in the back of
your mind in any case this is by all
accounts a fairly peaceful community and
even their family was sort of the source
of so many congregants hanging out
having fun I mean by it only makes it
tragic that by all accounts she was
really sort of a creature of real light
and life you know it's a it's a sad sad
story I'm curious though to why they
have came out and said that they're not
investigating it as a hate crime without
any further details that we know of yet
because usually when you come out with
something like that to the press it
seems like you've got other motive that
you want to make sure is going to be
held above that I I'm surprised that
they've made that firm statement without
even saying that it's possible that it
could be investigated as a hate crime
because from what the testimony from the
friends the testimony from the girl's
father who by the way only gone a little
quick sidenote
I read a piece on him recently it broke
my heart outside where he said that he's
going to go to the courtroom he's going
to look at this evil individual and say
why did you do this to my daughter and
then he's going to forgive him and leave
it up to God to judge them and that's
there you know that's the Muslim
community that's just not a religion of
peace right that they don't care about
anyone else they just care about their
own no that's how a father in this
instance is trying to grieve over this
situation it's a horrific horrific case
but the testimonies from the friends and
from what he stated would at least lead
them to believe that that needs to be
investigated right I'm surprised why
it's been ruled out almost so again this
story just broke and we don't have all
the details the police are not being
true
parent probably because they are in the
middle of investigating it obviously
they have some information that we don't
have so I'm unsure as to why they're not
treating it as a hate crime
and you know the only thing that I do
want to stay away from is speculating as
to what's really going on uh because I
don't think that that's a responsible
way to cover the story however um you
know the parents are convinced that this
was a hate crime in fact according to
the Washington Post in conversations
with detectives the victim's mother said
she was told the driver shouted the
teens then threw glass beer bottles at
them here's a quote from the mother she
says I'm sure the guy hit my daughter
because she's Muslim and she was wearing
the hijab the only thing in my head is
why did he do that to us
we're not bad people he doesn't know us
why did he ever do that I don't feel
safe at all anymore as a Muslim living
here now and I think you know
considering what recently happened in
Oregon on you know public transportation
and and and some of the more extreme
opinions that we're hearing or the
extreme rhetoric that we're hearing
about certain groups of people
particularly Muslims you know you have
to keep in mind that rhetoric does
matter and rhetoric matters from both
the right and the left and and we just
we're all getting caught up in the
polarization the fear the fear mongering
the hate and if you are a mentally
stable person you're unlikely to be
influenced by that rhetoric to the point
where it incites violence the point
where you go out there you do something
violent but keep in mind that not
everyone is mentally stable right and so
what you say matters and we just we need
to tone it down we need to be careful so
true that the rhetoric is incendiary but
the other point I really like that you
made in France is that the fact is the
the nature of this community isn't one
of radicalism necessarily I mean this
the TRT audience knows but it's in the
shadow of that van tragedy in London now
you'll remember the Imam you maybe even
heard about it in the first hour if
you're with us comes out and actually
pulls the crowd off of the van driver
this is a guy who just drove into this
crowd
Muslim worshippers they're sitting there
Whelan and they're angry he's just
perpetrated this this horrible thing and
the Imam comes out and pulls them off of
him because again he doesn't want that
to be the end to have any component in
the day's events and so it's really to
your point it's just a community that is
not defined by this radicalism and then
there are more and more examples
unfortunately in the shadows of these
tragedies the and I wanted to go back to
it and I said I think that's very
important that we have to wait we have
to be bigger than rather than jump into
conclusions I think that the 30 to 35
minutes after any sort of attack happens
on the internet is some of the worst
that you see because everyone just wants
to music is political mudslinging but on
the other side of it as well we need to
start being more transparent with what
we are describing as terrorism you just
mentioned the attack yesterday I was
disgusted last night as I was on after
it would had been announced that it was
a terrorist attack deliberately towards
Muslims outside the mosque the the Daily
Mail ran a run a brief for headliner I
think they corrected himself later but
the brief headline says clean shaven
white man held like was was held
afterwards
now that was after it only been
described as it was an attack on on
Muslims so why all of a sudden was the
man's appearance and his clean-shaven
appearance one of the the reasons why he
was described and it took me back to a
New York Post article that I ripped the
part not long ago for describing the the
Baffler individual who was in New York
to commit the attack on on Timothy
Coleman it's a double standard in the
way that headlines are written about
specific groups of people right so if
you don't fit uh what society has deemed
the perfect model of a terrorist which
is a Muslim with dark features well then
you're not really really a terrorist you
might you might be a bad guy but you are
you clean-shaven though and if you'd a
per though because that matters that
matter of course it does and there was a
Anna's in this articles that I actually
enjoyed reading there was one I just
called out recently on New York Daily
News five minutes ago for our committee
uh they said the Welshman who was then
who commits the attack in London the
father of four stop humanizing him he's
a terrorist that's what he is
terrorists faster you want to go into
the details later because most people
won't even read that they'll just read
it no suddenly have this conception I
will guess he's not terrorist then
because he's a father for the commit
visit our humanizes them right and it
makes them relate relatable and so you
can't look if you are in the business of
doing fair journalism then you can't
have that double standard doesn't matter
if you're Muslim does matter if you're
white if you terrorize people you're a
terrorist if you're running your van
into a group of innocent individuals you
are terrorists absolutely so that's
that's what we're dealing with right now
and we will give you updates on this
story as it develops I know you're
thinking jank what do I get if I'm a
young turks member well I'm glad you
asked not only to get the whole two-hour
show on the man anytime you want and
free but you get six podcasts on top
what I think a join up find out there
amazing you're gonna love these shows
TYT Network dot-com slash join
