an out-of-control force fire in Portugal
this weekend left dozens dead and over a
thousand firefighters struggling to
control the damage the death toll from
this fire at present is 61 and officials
say that they expect the toll to rise
because of course there are areas that
they can't even search for people we're
gonna show you I believe we have some
some video which gives you an idea of
the severity of this fire and just the
speed at which it spread the huge
territory that it covered I mean you
have so many people fighting to control
it but even with warnings and all of
that people not able to to get away in
time considering the speed that it's
spread half of the people killed died in
their cars after being hemmed in by the
flames while driving along a road
through the densely forested area which
is just it difficult to even think about
officials said they had found 17 bodies
near the road possibly those of people
who had tried to escape on foot once
they realized there was no way to
continue driving two people were also
killed in a car crash related to the
fire and I mean there's there's these
tragic photos of the the burned-out cars
the actual road itself melted in many
areas meaning that theoretically if the
fire got ahead of you you literally
couldn't Drive stunning photograph any
other time if you didn't know it was
gone I think that was beautiful it's
just amazing yeah there was actually
quite a bit of great photography coming
out documenting this tragedy but as I
said about 16 hundred firefighters
assisted by airplanes and helicopters
are still working to control the spread
of the fire and officials have suggested
that it was started by lightning during
a dry thunderstorm the Portugal judicial
police national director said everything
points very clearly toward natural
causes so they have had these periods of
prolonged heat that's what they're going
through now and well above what they
would expect and you add into that
tinder-dry condition the dry lightning
and then you've got this persimmon
that's what it is
but there's also a
of how are they managing the forest down
there are they managing these this is
such a fuel rich area and the way to
manage it is in a very specific way I
mean you have to do this constantly to
to decrease the danger in effect and by
the way not just the danger of fire but
just how you manage the forest in terms
of parasites and issues that might arise
beyond the fire so I think there's any
questions as to as to forest management
when it comes to this situation in
Portugal particularly and it also makes
you realize when you because I read that
too and it's important to me I mean you
know all about the weather mark and you
know I don't I would never think of dry
lightning like a thunderstorm now
unaccompanied by rain and and that that
what a hazard that obviously is but the
is it a thunderstorm if it's if there's
no rain or is it just thunder it's a you
know it's just it's a thunderstorm that
is right with you and dry lightning is
fairly common I mean yeah yeah you did
but also it makes you realize like the
United States and Canada they must do a
pretty great job even though obviously
there are fires it with forest
management compared to some of these
other countries I mean I think compared
to Portugal most certainly yeah yeah
well and I read sometime in the past
year to about how much more common these
large-scale forest fires are becoming
and you know we could speculate about
some of the big political issues that
might be affecting that climate change
but yeah as important as the forest
management is I mean this is something
that likely is going to take on
increased importance I mean areas like
Portugal obviously but I know that the
San Diego like the Southern California
areas had quite a few fires I've driven
through and seen still smoldering fires
on the sides of the roads obviously not
anywhere like this but if you look at
the stats in North America it's gotten
bad over the past few years and it's
likely to continue down that path and by
the way just a lesson because you didn't
mention climate change the amplification
of these episodes is the very definition
of what climate change will do as far as
you can see the effects on the planet
meaning when you talk to people to go
well man I don't know I mean the times
always changing
called today you know her sir where's
your global warming now no the colds
will get colder the warms get warmer the
heat and this intense heat that produces
these kinds of situations the kind of
John's talking about the sort that
Michael reference that we're going to
become more commonplace the Hurricanes
are going to become more intense all
these things that the globe is is being
roiled by these changes and I think
we're gonna see a lot more of this
diagram and Mark knows this stuff
professionally trained and educated in
it too so I mean it's not just you know
me sitting here saying it you know the
boat pond in Central Park doesn't freeze
over anymore raised escape it's it's
somebody doesn't know knows that it
doesn't my mother said it never freezes
ice to skate there before school all the
time well I find that to be more
persuasive and all because I don't know
that expertise has ever carried less
weight in our country as it does today
but we are glad always to have so it has
denied the scientists in the middle yet
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we've
built the studio we've built this
network it's now number one all thanks
to you guys let's come build it even
bigger and stronger TYT Network comm
/join
