the presidential Advisory Council on HIV
and AIDS just experienced a mass
resignation with six of its members
leaving due to in their words Donald
Trump's complete lack of interest in the
topic now they wrote a letter which is
available via Newsweek and so I want to
read a couple of sections of it because
it's very interesting and it gets into a
topic that even on shows like this does
not receive its due time
they said the Trump administration has
no strategy to address the ongoing
hiv/aids epidemic seek zero input from
experts to formulate policy and most
concerning pushes legislation that will
harm people living with HIV and halt or
reverse important gains made in the
fight against this disease and there are
a number of policy policies that you
could perhaps think they're indicating
there I would say that the health care
bill probably a very large one
considering the effective Medicaid
spending for those seeking some sort of
cure treatment they go on to say Trump
took down the Office of National AIDS
policy website the day took office and
there's been no replacement Trump has
not appointed anyone to lead the White
House Office of National AIDS policy
which seems pretty damning by itself you
know furthermore say because we do not
believe that Trump administration is
listening to or cares about the
communities we serve
we have decided it's time to step down
we will be more effective from the
outside advocating for change and
protesting policies that will hurt the
health of the communities we serve
we hope the members of Congress who have
the power to affect health care reform
will engage with us and other advocates
in a way that the Trump administration
apparently will not that is a damning
letter there and they did not just write
this in protest they resigned six people
amazing to say will be more effective
from the outside right I mean you'd
think that there's a getting yeah
getting in and advising the president
would be the less effective way of being
of advocating incredible but I mean it
goes so it's so consistent a sense that
goes with everything that we know about
this administration I mean I think that
that letter carefully and powerfully
worded was right on I don't think they
are listening or in any way concerned
with this community that has hiv/aids or
is dealing with HIV and AIDS in any way
and so they're right as effed up as it
is they might be more effective in terms
of creating a
lookout cry from the outside yeah yeah
and I mean look this is another one of
those those issues where most outlets
aren't going to talk much about this
they're not going to cover it at all
and if Trump care goes into effect and
if theoretically a lot of people who are
getting their medication or treatments
through the funding that was previously
available but then that might not be in
the future I mean those people could
suffer those people could theoretically
die unnecessarily now thankfully there
are principled people who are standing
up for them now and perhaps the only way
they can through resignation and going
to work for other organizations but none
of this needed to happen I mean these
are organizations that were working
previously under under Obama there was a
strategy and there had been some success
instances of of infections had gone down
over the past period I mean there was
some progress being made that
unfortunately could well be reversed to
lethal effect for many Americans and
just update you because it's possible
that you like me
knew more about this epidemic when it
was scarier theoretically and a lot of
people have unfortunately moved on and
and don't pay as much attention
currently more than 1.1 million people
in the US are living with HIV today one
in seven of them are unaware of it an
estimated thirty seven thousand six
hundred Americans became newly infected
with HIV in 2014 which I believe is the
most recent year that they have data for
and so that is down but that's still a
lot of Americans that are still
struggling with this and many will
obviously for the rest of their life and
so to have an administration that I'm
not saying he needs to go into the
meetings every day but you could at
least appoint someone to the position
someone who does care about it and who
will fight for these people
unfortunately that is just one of the
many positions he hasn't filled I mean
people pointed out in the wake of the
the destroyer crash that we're talking
about that there's a number of extremely
high-profile think maybe secretary of
the Navy
might not be there might not have been a
nomination yet but there's a number of
senior positions I believe ambassador
Japan hasn't currently been put in
effect I mean that this hasn't actually
have a better which donors should get
that ambassador that is a good point
some of those are I mean I listen I that
some of those ambassadorships are
ceremonial and some of them are foreign
service officers and you know caroline
kennedy clearly was the ambassador of
and you do give those ceremonial ones
but yeah but it's the really substantive
ones it's when there is a you know a
bombing in Manchester and we don't have
a head of the FBI to help coordinate
with our allies you know there are
things like that that are just so
embarrassing it there at the best bola
crisis had happened in a year right
would there be anyone in Trump's
administration who knew damn anything
about Ebola right god knows what could
have happened if you hadn't had weather
we disagree on some of the particular
policies I mean you at least had a
desire for competence among the
administration in some cases bring in
people like I would say that have
expertise like from Wall Street I don't
necessarily agree with what they do with
that expertise but at least there was a
book there was a recognition of the
importance of the positions themselves a
desire for them to be held in a way that
will not leave people unnecessarily
suffering and dying and there's just a
complete lack of interest this is a guy
I can't you can't staff something like
78 major positions in this constituency
it's any watch is four or five hours a
day of cable news yeah and we're heading
into hurricane season right hurricane
season forest fire season exactly don't
know what we don't know and a FEMA
director um what if what happened here
right yeah and there's not a scientist
allowed anywhere near the White House
every door a scientific mind I mean they
they stopped them at the main gate as
though they're guys with handguns they
want nothing to do with scientists and
so but if there were guys with handguns
they sorry bad example
you don't like ads I hear your brother
you know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks becoming our tourist member
and get all the content ad free tea
white tea network.com slash join
