like most African nations Uganda is
football night it was less widely talked
about is its policy towards refugees
with some eight hundred thousand plus
people currently finding safety here
from the conflict and neighboring South
Sudan for World Refugee day I wanted to
come here to see a football has a role
to play in helping local people in the
refugee community build bridges with one
another
you got a show like this no no you two
have to keep it away from me and be in
him look at him you watch me on my team
I don't know how you guys play in the
heat so much it I'm hot football
actually helped me be very strong and
help and to forget about problems and
actually it is a part of communication I
get a lot of friends when I'm playing
how is my tricks too buddy all right I
have a lot of tricks say hi hi this is
Catherine and she's going to show me
while she lives so let's go back and see
see your house real quick this is her
family
all right hi wow this is where you sleep
and you built this you build this with
the help of everyone are you built it by
yourself okay you're gonna hold it I see
you hold that hold it right here
all right and then why you did I'll do
is I'll hold it a little lower
yeah I say touch in the face put on your
face like she's a Manchester United band
on and March in Manchester United rings
he's a big man chasing iPhone and your
favorite player is is Mike my right
Blair was robin van persie
are you guys gonna watch the game no no
oh you know gonna watch her like Chelsea
haha if Jesse wins they win the league
no we are for having to move for tonight
do you know what you're not supposed to
go out at night no yes I was talk about
the places which is very having
dangerous we don't let the polite living
here
right yes opinions I've come here to
settle and we don't know the background
this place that's a referring to move
for tonight mm-hmm
how long ago did you come to this camp
from Samantha yeah yeah actually by the
time when I'm I mean yeah we use footing
because the recall they want to kill us
the rebels actually they attack us that
they want to kill us
then one of them say that metaphor us to
rush to the neighbor by the time we're
under we started ramming yes I come and
find myself here with my stepmom and I
left my family all there I'm just alone
with the stigma yeah in such a radical
difficult they are still fighting yeah
I'm not you're hearing that they'll say
I'm gonna sting fighting yeah when you
when you play that when you just play
football together does it does it help
you forget yeah it will make me to
figure when I'm having a challenge a lot
of problem like today I will just go and
play football I will forget a lot of
things because when you are playing
football you would be very happy there
is a lot of still day I will make even -
laughs - forget about things although
our models are different but we need to
share ideas together we used to move
together we used to play together
so I met this girl
Catherine today I got to find out a lot
more about her background and the
situation she's been through that it
really is when you hear it in the words
it's the top break-in but you can only
just try to empathize and try to
understand yeah a remarkable young girl
and I believe we're going to be talking
again soon and bonding over more
football that we're going to watch here
so stay tuned for that to show how
important football is to her and her
community Catherine took me to see a
match between two zones from the biddie
biddie refugee settlement taking place
in a Ugandan host community
the match was organized by the
International Rescue Committee a global
humanitarian aid organization providing
life-saving aid to South Sudanese
refugees as well as supporting their
love of football
conceivable that thousands of people so
this is basically home to the Ugandan
Nationals who live in this community and
they've invited the two of the refugee
zones to come and play football
the response is amazing imagine we're in
New York City or anywhere across America
would you imagine this amount of
American nationals turning up to see
Syrian refugees playing football or
anything like that the atmosphere of
these people come in and watch football
or to refugee teams - mind blown do you
want good snap to say thanks to
Katherine I brought us something real
special from back home this is for you
look at that you like it yeah is it
going to be nice the rail so this is
what you I don't want to see bit see how
it looks
bend it down look at that the foots
perfect you're going to look good in
that strip it's the best-looking strip
in the world that's everyone needs to
know and then these W as well thank you
great it was amazing too
to see that someone can put a different
background went through a lot of things
I can't even imagine just looks at
football is such an important thing in
her life ball team football is uniting
these people football is allowing for
people who have previously been a
conflict been at war trying to kill each
other playing football together and an
environment that just just speaks to
inclusivity and it really is
breathtaking to see it
you
