North Korea recently released an
American uh who was detained in the
country and unfortunately uh we now find
that otto warmbier has a severe brain
injury and has been in a coma since his
arrival to the United States doctors
caring for the release North Korean
detainee uh said that he has not spoken
or moved since he arrives the United
States on Tuesday a condition described
as unresponsive wakefulness or
persistent vegetative state he actually
did suffer from extensive loss of brain
tissue in all regions of the brain he
does open his eyes and blinks
spontaneously but the doctors say that
he shows no signs of understanding
language or verbal commands so if he's
in bad shape he's a really bad shape uh
North Korean authorities say oh well he
suffered from botulism and he took a
sleeping pill not that's what caused it
but of course that's not the case the
doctors in the United States do not
believe that's the case in fact here is
a statement from one of the doctors here
in the US we have no certifiable
knowledge of the cause or circumstances
of his neurological injuries this
pattern of brain injuries usually seen
as a result of cardiopulmonary arrest
where blood supply to the brain is
inadequate for a period of time
resulting in the death of brain tissue
now he was detained after surveillance
footage allegedly found him taking down
some sort of poster or banner and at
that point uh while he was about to
leave the country who's going to the
airport to leave the country he was
stopped and arrested and he was accused
of uh specific used espionage yeah yeah
money yep not yet exactly he was found
guilty of committing a hostile act
against the country and sentenced to 15
years of hard labor usually they don't
yeah so and hard labor for them is
learning the dance from thriller I don't
know if you've ever seen the videos have
you ever seen the videos so on YouTube
you seen um the prisoner wait you're
being serious
oh yes they have to learn the so just a
jab at Michael Jackson unlike them no
they have to learn the choreography of
thriller and he videotape it it's on
YouTube you can see North Korean
prisoners and they have to and if they
don't do it exactly they get in trouble
like is
take it's really thick I mean I would
say that my first instinct was like
something is there some trick being
perpetrated that story's not true but
this is uh Kim jong-un's father Kim
jong-il claimed to shoot a 39 on a golf
course
said he'd never bowled a game where he
got less than 300 uh uh you know the
story about he was born so I went to the
DMZ line uh cuz I went to entertain
troops and they they they make you watch
a movie about how he is born to all of
North Koreans he flew out of his
mother's vagina right and offended like
literally flew literally flew white
doves came out of there today
his dad loved movies was a big movie fan
a huge movie collection thousands and
thousands of of western movies but he
wanted to start the North Korean film
industry it's not a super artistically
creative country uh as you might imagine
so uh he kidnapped
South Korea's leading actress and her
husband a director and they were
kidnapped and spent 12 years 10 years 15
years in North Korea uh making movies
there after they begin that before they
escaped and got back across uh so I mean
he's a lunatic so the notion that they
would make the prisoners dance to
thriller like at first I was like ah
you've been tricked and on Tyler North
Korea that's probably true obvious look
I I I don't mean to blame the victim but
I can't emphasize enough how important
it is to avoid traveling to North Korea
yeah please please don't do it
uh I know that there is a market for
people who like to go to countries like
North Korea they think it's adventurous
just don't put your life at risk like
this please please it's not worth it was
like a universe there like was a school
trip rights University Virginia trip I
don't know the University of Virginia's
doing don't do it a really bad idea he
was good for I mean here and also like
you know they say got botulism to get
the brain injury yeah he didn't they
they did it they did it they knocked him
over in the in his head
and then they finally let him go in the
warm beers are critical of the Obama
administration and praise appraise Trump
forgetting their son membership helps
fund the Young Turks you know one great
thing about that that means we're not
accountable to anyone but you guys
that's why we're strong together because
we built the show around you come build
it even bigger and better at TYT Network
dot-com slash join
