so I'm here in Uganda to look into the
biti biti
refugee settlement home to around
200,000 plus South Sudanese refugees so
an astounding amount and probably you
haven't heard much of it because let's
be honest a lot of people are talking
about it so believe what we're going is
to the border one of which I think there
are several entry points into Uganda but
we're going to go and see where these
South Sudanese refugees are coming from
I don't know what I'm expecting it's
people literally coming across the
border after just flee in a circumstance
you probably can't even imagine
that's them in there that's them this
one this way this is Uganda Wow now this
bridge here at this no man's land no
man's land yes yeah it's it's new to me
because where we come from
borders are fences and walls they have
strict like real strict boundaries like
I've seen this one is different
yes very much different than what
borders I've seen yeah yeah of course we
have no any problem with southern stan
only that the problem which they are
having in their country there I was
being brought here to man this by the
point in order to ensure that the life
of the refugees who are coming kept well
and then when their properties to be
kept well for us our government has seen
that the problem which the sons dance
are facing they should enter so that
they welcome them and they give they
give them their condition or the where
to settle themselves how long did it
take for you to get here five days five
days walking walking
so the this place basically is a
registering point so what happens is
that people come from the border
the registers here overnight and then
they'll take into those settlements I
can from what I see it's at least
anywhere between 500 and 800 people at
least to be registered then I think the
people who are organizing I'll doing
everything they can to help resettle
these people but there's only so much
they can do with limited resources
themselves excuse me do you know what
people are lining up for do you know how
long it usually is to get to your
register when did you guys get here
Tuesday yes I receive comes in to make
sure they're going to fight record
specific needs take them through the
whole process of screening waiting and
registration how many people want
outreach do you get potentially coming
through help us yeah actually it has
been 1,000 to 2,000
by a daily basis yeah this is a point
where they give korolev items upon
arrival and the items are basically to
help them spend an idea
they comprise
Plunkett's Oh mods and soap and as IRC
also make sure that women of
reproductive age are provided with
sanitary way just when you talk to a lot
of people I think they expect that you
have something at times to give them an
its operation that you can you can't
give them anything to help it it's not a
comfortable environment it makes me feel
that when I report on these stories I'm
kind of doing them an injustice even
when I report on stories in Syria and
I'm reporting it from what I've read and
what I've seen but not from what I've
experienced now when you experience
there since it's a completely different
way of thinking what what is actually
process is not just a group of people
these are actual people human beings
that happen to be resettled in her yeah
when they relocated from the reception
center they brought here and given land
fifty by fifty fifty bucks yes and then
they're given with the material the
materials include the poles the top
winds and then the tools for fixing the
shelter and this household is for you
see our female-headed households and
she's doing it by herself and the
children fall so it's still in that
person
it's amazing you see so many people
coming through I've been told once it
gets to 100 thousands I Onegin 110
thousand that's the cap and in bappy but
they're already looking into more
refugee land that can be attributed to
hosting more refugees and it is so
remarkable in my head that they have the
ideology which is to accept refugees and
give them a chance but they don't have
the resources to maintain that and to
continuously give refugees the chance
and in so many other countries in the
world
the ideology switched they are there
they have the capabilities to accept
more refugees flee in such horrific
situations but they don't have the
ideology like I witnessed right here in
Uganda where they are so willing to help
they just need some more assistance so
that they can continue to provide these
these essential tools that don't look
like a lot but imagine handing out
millions and millions of essential tools
just to give a family a head start just
on our way back we met a lovely young
girl today from one of the refugee
settlement zones Catherine this is
Catherine and she's going to show me
where she lives so let's go back and see
see your house real quick this is her
family hi hi so Catherine built this
house this is her room Wow
this is where you sleep and you built
this you build this with the help of
everyone are you built it by yourself I
believe myself that's my aunt Chelle
your aunt helped you how long ago did
you come to this camp from Samantha yeah
yeah actually by the penguin am I mean
yeah we use footing because the people
they want to kill us
the rebels actually they attack us that
they want to kill us then one of them
say that a metaphor us to rush to the
neighbor by the time they render we
start running yes I come and find myself
there with my stepmom and I left my
family all there I'm just a alone
big month so did you feel when you left
Sudan that you were coming to a safer
place in South Sudan a cure those people
they are still fighting back we have to
be with the hug like one brother and one
sister we need to be the turul of one
person although our models are different
but we need to share ideas together we
have to move together wish to play
together and I love them
here we school together and I love them
so much because they used to advise me
Kanaka and also I'm advising them wish
to share our ideas together with them
Catherine strikes me is such a brave
brave girl I mean from what she's told
me about her past
one can only really listen but it's
impossible to understand what she's went
through and then to see such light from
her and and connect over a lot of things
that just seem to just make her happy
there's nothing more heartwarming and
seeing her and our best friend and they
go everywhere together on twos and from
just the brief spell of had talked her
it's amazing to see that she found
someone who by the way from completely
different parts of South Sudan are able
to unite and just really be strength for
each other a June advanced times and
okay and you can't even imagine so we're
back in the settlement and we are going
to visit a restaurant that has been said
to be a very great mix between South
Sudanese refugees and Ugandan nationals
so I want to check it out
hi how are you I'm doing good so I know
that there's a mix of employees here
both the Ugandan Nationals and South
Sudanese refugees how important to do
you think it is that they have a Chiapas
employment to refugees as well
was also a coincidence a rustle in there
so because of the world's that's why she
came back in ganda then when she saw the
refugees you couldn't in Finland so
since they have their issues they have
their family program classifiers in
place them so knowledge can also help
their financial issues how do you guys
find it working in the restaurant
they're comfortable right here do they
feel like Ugandan Nationals have been
welcoming to them coming to the
community in the day okay but they
classy services that we go L didn't feel
classes along with it yes
okay if there it really makes inside
evening that they want tents the one
tent is voices ranges of yours yeah yeah
when it rains rains heavy
it was very sleep standing all night so
it comes
this restaurant
symbolizes the meeting between refugees
and Ugandan a national community the
home with the receiving community
because this restaurant started as
something small and has grown basically
from providing services for food and
other beverages during trainings of
whatever so this person has been
confronted when this restaurant has
grown and providing that service so the
refugees came here and then the host
community plus institutions had to
provide the service to help them to
start up like so we just finished at the
restaurant it's not perfect there is
still problems or still people who need
more further treatment and need to be
helped and that comes hand-in-hand with
a developing country helping a
developing country and needing more ways
to try and help these people get on
their feet so it's not a better Rosas
but it is a fantastic start and
providing an opportunity a lot of South
Sudanese refugees fleeing conflict
coming to Uganda Uganda is a history
that's known to be very welcoming to
refugees so was a football game in the
Ugandan national community but it's
involved in refugee teams and they're
all here to turnout and watch them like
it's mind blowing imagine we're in New
York City or anywhere across America
would you imagine this amount of
American Nationals turning up to see
Syrian refugees playing football Uganda
has a rich history and welcoming people
to their country and it's evident from
the moment you stepped in it you can
offer them everything it can offer them
an amazing transition but they can give
them a chance and it makes you
understand that you need more help to
those in Uganda to be able to give them
the resources to allow for more people
to settle in all over the world you have
this constant back-and-forth about who
should be taking more refugees and it's
kind of like a debate as to who should
be the ones responsible it's everyone's
responsibility man it's human beings in
masse you see these people and you
understand they're just human beings I
just want a chance
