a Minnesota police officer who shot and
killed falando Castille back in July 6th
of 2016 has not been convicted of
manslaughter after 27 total hours of
deliberation the jury eventually found
him not guilty of involuntary
manslaughter now if you don't remember
anything about this case it did happen
last year and officer Hirano mo llanes
pulled over Castile and Falcon Heights a
suburb near Minneapolis and st. Paul and
the officer later said he thought
Castillo matched the description of a
suspect in a recent robbery
well prosecutors ended up charging him
with second degree manslaughter in
November a felony saying that no
reasonable officer would have used
deadly force in the same situation he
was also charged with two felony counts
of intentionally discharging the gun so
he did end up shooting Castillo and what
made the story so outrageous was the
fact that falando Castillo was a
licensed gun owner during this routine
night it wasn't even a routine traffic
stop he he was he was never suspected of
a robbery he was not the suspect at all
but since he fit the description he was
pulled over he let the officer know I am
a a licensed gun owner there is a gun in
the car and I just want to let you know
so there's no problem right I'm
paraphrasing I don't know exactly how he
said it
and at that point the cop told him to
get his license out and as he was
reaching for his license that's when the
cop shot him seven times now the video
that we're about to show you was filmed
by his girlfriend who was in the car
along with her four-year-old daughter
who was in the backseat her name is
dimon Reynolds she started filming a
Facebook live video after the shooting
occurred and it gives you a better sense
of what the scene was like let's go to
video number one hey with me we got
pulled over for a busted taillight in
the back and the police just he's he's
covered he killed my boyfriend he's
licensed he's carried so he's licensed
to carry he was trying to get out his ID
in his wallet
out his um
pocket and you let the officer know that
he was he had a firearm and he was
reaching for his wallet and the officer
just shot him in his arm we're waiting
for that I will sir no worries I will he
just shot his arm off we got pulled over
on LARPing there he have you told him
get his ID sir his driver's license oh
my god please don't tell me he's dead
please don't tell me my boyfriend just
went like that yes I will sir I'll keep
my hands where they are please don't
tell me this lord please Jesus don't
tell me that he's gone please don't tell
me that he's gone please officer don't
tell me that you just did this to him
you shot four bullets into him sir he
was just getting his license straight
registration sir so the jury did
deliberate on this case and again they
found him not guilty of involuntary
manslaughter just to give you some more
details into how the case played out one
of his colleagues was there with him he
never pulled out a gun he never shot
anyone however he did testify that he
felt that you nez followed protocol in
the situation and and did the right
thing and also the defense was that you
Nez felt threatened he felt that there
was an imminent threat and as a result
he decided to fire seven shots anyway so
you guys chimed in first of all the this
is just another one and then the this
tragic thing about this like you said
when you had to review the story it
happens so much that you have to say oh
this which black guy got killed by a cop
now you you have a situation as so much
here you have a situation it shows first
of all if you're black you look like a
suspect
yeah period it doesn't matter tall small
you know big whatever you're black you
know white suburb you look like a
suspect then
you and and right away you're the most
threatening thing the officer has ever
seen I mean these are police officers
they're not untrained people they you
know in other words like I'm a big black
person I'm a scare
the average person for no reason but
just because I'm bigger than them but a
police officers trained to subdue people
to deal with situations the other thing
is and this shows that when people talk
all this crap about compliance and
rights and so on it doesn't apply to
black pee it doesn't this is it this is
a guy who he was licensed to carry a gun
he said I'm licensed to carry a gun
there's a gun in the car he complied
with you said get your license so he
went for his license and the cops shot
him seven times and he's a threat to me
now if if you're standing outside of a
car and the person is sitting in the car
how are they a threat to you like what
you know you know what I mean like this
physically what can they do to you but
but it doesn't matter these cases are
getting to the point now and I don't
mean this as a joke I mean this as pain
and outrage and anger that when the cop
shoots the person just give the date of
the acquittal
don't even bother like this is when he's
going to court and this is when he'll be
acquitted every time it's the same it's
always the same story the person was
threatening they he had superhuman
strength he blah blah blah blah they
fill in the blanks yeah it's the same
thing over and over and right now and
trust me as we're talking there's
someone over on Fox News saying what a
threat this was and how this guy didn't
comply and so on and you heard the cops
still yelling as he's really dying in
that car right in front of you know his
girlfriend Dimon Reynolds and their
four-year-old daughter and by the way
just this complete lack of consideration
for human life right it's not only
Castille in that car there's a
four-year-old girl in the backseat and
just to give you details on what
happened with that situation according
to the complaint one of you know
bullets actually went through the
driver's seat and hit the backseat
Reynolds daughter was sitting in the car
seat on the other side of the car
thankfully another bullet hit the
armrest between
Castile and Reynolds and so it's just
again this lack of consideration for for
human lives right and to give you even
more context think about the fact that
Castile was just one just one of 960
three people who police officers fatally
shot in 2016
okay and so yes this disproportionately
impacts certain communities like the
African American community however it
impacts every single one of us if we
continuously embolden this type of
behavior and I don't know how anyone can
watch that video and not have empathy I
can't watch that video I actually
literally can't look at that video I
have to look down because I don't want
to come back in tears while I'm you know
trying to do you know responsible
commentary on the story it's just that
if there's no justice and it's not just
this story it's Tamir rice
twelve-year-old playing with a toy gun
gets shot within two seconds of a police
officer showing up to the park Walter
Scott literally running away he is not
posing an imminent threat to the cop
gets shot in the back and he gets you
know there's no justice in that case
either I don't there's not gonna I don't
know I don't know what to say which is
why all of these you know solutions of
body cams isn't good enough for me
because obviously footage doesn't
convince the jury nothing convinces the
jury well the good thing about there's
nothing good about this in the end but
he got charged most often they don't get
charged the prosecutor made a good-faith
effort recognize that that does make it
stand out since says here officers are
rarely charged at all for fatal on-duty
shootings right I mean usually we find
what happened in Ferguson is the case
this guy got charged so there was a
chance that some chance that he would
get convicted but the law makes it
pretty clear that if a police officer
basically says the words I felt
threatened right then then it becomes
incredibly difficult at the end of this
piece that we're using dear early well a
convictions in Freddie gray three
officers all of them acquitted then they
just
gave up on the other three because they
knew they weren't gonna get it miss
trials were declared last year and two
other trials and high profile shootings
South Carolina you mentioned Michael
Michael Slager who was acquitted where
the jury was hung the state trial in in
Charleston
then thankfully because there was there
were federal charges filed in that case
there could conceivably be federal
charges filed here I suppose but that
will try charges were filed in that case
and he's going to prison he may go to
prison for a long time yeah we don't
know yeah a violation of civil rights
for violation they said you would you
know and you you're being nice you're
being kind of politically correct on
this one you know when when you talk
about it's difficult to get a conviction
no it's impossible
it doesn't have that's fair in tulsa in
tulsa medical officer who was next to
one officer who used the Taser right and
she this man had his hands up he was a
distance away from her far enough away
that he couldn't he would have to run to
touch her in other words it wasn't like
where I'm sitting to you where I could
actually reach over and grab and she
killed him and said I felt threatened
right so you're so and yeah you're right
man so it's not that it's difficult now
when you talk about federal charges well
now we have a different administration
and we have Jeff Sessions is the
Attorney General so you can guarantee
there will be no federal charges that's
all right
you're violating just not gonna happen
so so it is it's open season and this is
why when you have someone like a Colin
Kaepernick who is a high profile you
know football quarterback who speaks out
again they're like what's he talking
about this is this you know it's like it
mutes you said it Anna there's zero
empathy there's zero understanding
because if these people who or so I
don't know I'm not even gonna call it
pro police because 98% of police do a
good job so it's not about that but but
the people who refuse to believe that
this happens they can't comprehend that
being their son or their boy
or their father or their you know
somebody that they actually know because
then it becomes real well I mean let me
let me just because I disagree with one
thing I think you're right and and I'd
forget we did a story yesterday on on
the elimination of the Sessions Justice
Department of consent decrees which
basically means there's no court
oversight for violations and police
departments of civil rights and more
importantly even though it's hard to
imagine anything more important that in
voting rights cases for disenfranchising
they're just if you if the state did it
for decades then the Justice Department
now blow you told us you're gonna stop
and we'll just trust you that you're
gonna do it so you're totally right
where I where I disagree with you is you
guys saying that there's no
understanding and empathy I think there
might well be understanding and empathy
my hunch is that at the point we finally
talked to those twelve jurors who
acquitted him they're gonna say we ached
for it I wish we could have convicted it
which means that if this is ever gonna
change the law has to change there has
to be first you have to change the
training of police officers so that they
don't go into that situation presuming
that this is the guy first of all I
would love to see a side-by-side of if
they ever caught that robbery suspect
just to make points of that in regard to
training I also want proper vetting of
police officials and I'm not just
talking about background checks and
things like that if you are a cop who's
easily afraid by people that you
shouldn't be a cop if you immediately
feel threatened just because an
individual is black or an individual
says that he's licensed to carry and
he's warning you ahead of time you
shouldn't be a cop if you think
everything around you is an imminent
threat and you're living in a constant
state of paranoia you shouldn't be a cop
there are lots of great cops out there
who are brave who are courageous right
and who deserve to be cops but there are
also some cops out there who are afraid
of everything who are paranoid and
clearly have certain biases know that
yeah you're right and so we need to that
somehow in this country needs to get
fixed that needs to get fixed smartly it
needs to get fixed soon it's not
happening obviously in this current
climate that we're in right now but if
the law were different if it wasn't
enough to say I was afraid for my life
when there's no video me Walter Scott
and Walter Slager ended up not Walter
Slater sorry what Slater Michael Slater
Walter Scott was the
man he killed the there's video of the
actual shooting if she'd been rolling on
her Facebook thing 20 seconds earlier we
might be in a different but if you
change the law and change the training
we might be in a somewhat different
situation you know a generation but then
the video doesn't matter because they've
been numerous vide we've seen the video
be right you know and you know I can't
breathe I can't breathe and if there's
six cops on top of you what more video
proof do you need
I have a friend who's who's an officer
and she and I have talked about this and
she said that the big problem is like
you when you talk about people being
fair a lot of cops are bullies and and
this a lot think they get license to be
a bully and she said police need to be
more professional in her department
where she works you have to have a
college degree to be a police officer
which and she said one of the things
that happens when you go to college is
you're exposed to a lot of different
people
that's so speaking to your point of
dealing with other communities just that
experience opens your mind to there are
other people but it's also she said that
in some police departments where you
take a high school kid and you sent him
to training for six weeks for six weeks
and you give him a gun and send him out
on the street the something Bad's gonna
happen whereas in in her department so
so the police should be professionals
they should be professionals and and you
know that that's what it's going to
because this happened this is routine
sadly this is routine and and we've all
Jack and I talked about it for years and
and and we don't we don't know we've
never been affected by it and in the way
Jr's here has and I presume the way that
you have but yeah college degree make
college degree and money like making a
college degree and then pay him and pay
him well and and make it a worthwhile 20
25 years that you could put in because
nobody here's gonna deny that it's a
difficult job and that it's a stressful
job but man to Anna's point you got to
be able
to handle that stress in a professional
way and I know it wears you down and I
know we read about it again and again
that guys come in idealistic in three
four years later a the system and be the
ugly circumstances that they see day
after day after day wears them down so
they're sure there there are ways for
that to you mandate psychological
counseling I in addition to me paying
them $80,000 a year and making sure that
they have a college degree you get ten
weeks off I don't know you get time to
cool down and blow up I don't know what
it is self care right right yeah I got
it we got a because it's you did you're
right we saw it coming we saw it coming
and maybe you're right maybe if that
video had been rolling 20 seconds later
maybe it wouldn't have made any
difference but it is significant that
with Michael Slager where we saw a gun
discharged and and the FET and in
federal court his lawyer knew everybody
knew this is going to be a different
case more than into federal court uh and
it's a civil rights case and not a case
we're just saying hey I was scared as is
is is gonna be enough what's in TYT
membership not gonna tell you only one
way to find out toi tea network.com
/join
