Texas governor Greg Abbott has signed
some legislation that will allow
government workers to discriminate
against LGBT youths simply because they
are gay or transgender it would also
allow these government officials to
discriminate against children if their
parents happen to be gay
so let me give you the details of this
legislation so Greg Abbott signed a bill
that will allow child welfare service
providers to decline to provide certain
kinds of care based on the providers
sincerely held religious beliefs the
bill will permit discrimination against
LGBT couples wishing to adopt children
in addition to allowing LGBT children to
be placed under the agency's care in
religious education so they will be able
to place these kids into organizations
that teach religious let's keep it real
Christian stuff okay the bill also
affects not only child placement
services but group homes counseling
services care for abused children and
other resources for children with
complicated family situations of course
complicated family situations in this
context means gay parents that kind of
stuff that usually the religious right
is not an agreement with organizations
can also legally refuse to provide care
for children on the basis of their
sexuality or gender identity or on the
basis of the sexuality or gender
identity of someone in their family as
long as the provider can cite religious
beliefs someone in their family someone
in their family so like your cousin
that's right mm-hmm yeah so it's it was
you know in my opinion attentionally
written to be broad and you know of
course this is done under the guise of
religious liberty you won't we want to
protect religious liberty when in
reality it gives individuals who are
paid with our taxpayer money or with
Texas is taxpayer money to discriminate
against kids and essentially put them in
a worse situation simply because they
don't agree with the lifestyles that
they live or the lifestyles that their
parents live or family members live all
an organization that denies service to
someone must provide is a link to the
webpage on the department's internet
website that includes a list of other
licensed
and Welfare service providers and a
referral to another organization so I
just want to make a quick point before I
open it up to the panel about how
incredibly pro-life lawmakers in Texas
are they're so pro-life that they want
to allow the discrimination of kids if
they're gay or if they're not living the
lifestyle that they want or if they're
not following the religion that they
want and by the way this doesn't just
impact LGBT people it impacts everyone
who lives any type of lifestyle or
believes any type of religion that these
government workers don't agree with
right so if you're Jewish and they just
don't like Jewish people their religion
says add Jewish people kind of suck they
get to discriminate against you as well
Jewish Muslim Hindu uh die Hindu uh yeah
yeah Hindu whatever it is whatever you
believe doesn't matter they can go ahead
and discriminate against you because
they're just protecting religious
liberty here
it's an insane it's insane when you put
it in the context of a state that has
passed some of the most restrictive
reproductive you know legislation or
laws like they claim that they care
about the sanctity of life they claim
that they care about the well-being of
children they owned those precious
little zygotes you really care about
those zygotes but the second those kids
are born if you're not perfect under
their religious eyes then all of a
sudden you don't get you know certain
services that their estate offers it's
just sick anyway well I have to say this
I mean this speaks directly to a joke in
my act and it's sad when the joke is
reality and I said these these religious
freedom laws basically what they're
saying is we can discriminate against
gay people in the name of Jesus right
cuz we know Jesus was very big on
discrimination it's a great friend I
mean it happened back in the day during
you know segregation and you know the
prohibition of interracial marriage it's
just a common thing that people go back
to well my religious liberty indicates
that I can go ahead and be a shitty
person
so let's protect that because that's way
more important than the safety and the
well-being of actual human beings I've
said it before and I say it again these
people better hope Jesus doesn't
actually come back because Jesus if
anything you read in the New Testament
to the Bible now I'm no expert but you
know I've been
been to Sunday School and but and the
Old Testament was the the rules you know
if he did this you God would smite you
and this was wrong and it was okay to
beat your slaying that if you're white
spoke out of turn blah blah that was a
but the New Testament when Jesus came it
was about love and forgiveness and
understanding and so and and this would
be a case where Jesus would really be
okay with a gay kid
or a kid whose parents are like you said
your cousin because you know something
everyone has a gay cousin you may not
know it you may not agree with it but
you do it is just like you said Anna
it's discrimination if you don't fit a
very narrow definition of what they call
good and the funny thing is this is this
is Texas right so what if this kid has
gay parents but he's an incredible
quarterback now it sounds funny but I'm
telling you I'm telling you it would be
forgiven that's right my kid was an
incredible quarterback you perform on
Friday nights right they'd be like well
they're the good kind right good game
and it's it's ridiculous it is straight
out discrimination and it's horrible
they did there's no fish and and I don't
what I don't understand is if you're
that religious and you're that in touch
with your church and it's support and
and so on and again religion is not a
bad thing religion used for
discrimination is but then why are you
so scared of someone who's gay wait like
what what what sets it or what is there
something about somebody who's gay walks
by you know I I don't know I I can't
yeah that's why they spent so much time
Michelle Bachman among others many
talking about how they let the key their
gay agenda is that they're gonna have
the teachers teach the kids how to be
gay like it's just those words coming
out of your mouth seems like it's so
absurd but Papa she ran for president
she got votes people right well to be
fair when I learned about what it means
to be gay I was super tempted okay you
know what I'm not into this super hot
Latino guys like a
now all of a sudden I'm into women and
that sounds super tempting like it's
just ridiculous like the way it's
ignorance honestly it's ignorant and the
fear that they have of certain
communities stems from that ignorance
and we've we and we're at a point now
where we have decided to that this
religious liberty to Alonso's point
about is actin to your first point Anna
I mean that we allow that to be a an
accepted form of debate here in America
that we've turned because of religious
liberty it's in the First Amendment
right we're all theoretically for that
and they have turned that into a little
catchphrase they've tricked us Americans
in general to where that's just a reason
to discriminate the 7a and 7b the first
two graphics the thing an errata mean
Texas governor Greg Abbott signed to
build it and all you need are these
sentences here that will allow child
welfare service providers so child
welfare service providers to decline to
provide certain kinds of care their
child welfare providers you can't
decline care for children that's the
only reason you exist sir is to so
absurd and then it last part of it is in
addition to allowing LGBTQ children to
be placed under the agency's care and
religious education so the governor of
Texas has signed a bill from the Texas
Senate and a Texas Legislature we're
still that what that is as though this
kids gay we'll fix it right we'll fix it
by putting him under religious care I
mean if this doesn't meet some standard
of the establishment of a religion then
then we got judges not paying attention
so again it's the point I end up making
every show eventually a federal judge is
gonna rule on this law
somebody is gonna stand and and who
appointed that federal judge is kind of
matter whether it's at a district level
or a circuit appellate court judge all
the way up to the Supreme Court but we
decided that election didn't matter well
you also you also brought up a great
point in it and this is the wheel we
live in two countries but let's be
honest we live in to this two different
countries because like you said as
ridiculous as it sounds to us here there
are other people to whom they're like
well yet this is how it's supposed to be
but I love the religious freedom thing
because that that is a specific thing to
our
Christian religion because the same
people who are arguing about this
religious freedom are fine with a Muslim
ban absolutely cuz then they're the
wrong religion sure you don't you're not
you're not free to be part of the wrong
religion as long as you are free to be
part of the Christian religion and have
state you know switch straight kids and
you you brought up the Jewish religion
and it's very funny because they're
really not sure right that's a fear
there's kind of confusing like well we
want to support Israel but with us
really sure we like Jewish people man
the first guy the first conservative to
find out somebody that the phrase
judeo-christian existed perfect it's
perfectly to say judeo-christian every
time we don't really mean that you day
oh yeah
membership helps fund the young turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built the
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network calm
/join
