according to the National Institute of
Mental Health in 2015 an estimated 16
million Americans experience at least
one major depressive episode that's
almost seven percent of the population
over the age of 18 but big pharma
doesn't see that numbers 15 million
people who are suffering they they look
at it as 15 million people that they can
sell pills to every single day there are
dozens of different antidepressants on
the market today and with each drug
company trying to capture as many of
that 15 million patients as possible
and while antidepressants have shown
great promise in treating depression
sometimes many of them now carry
warnings of an increased risk of suicide
and they should that's what happened to
Stewart Dolan the Chicago attorney who
committed suicide by jumping in front of
a train after taking the generic version
of the antidepressant Paxil mr. Dolan
had only been taking this medication for
five days five days when he committed
suicide
Glaxo SmithKline the mark the maker
facts was known for years that it's
medication increased the risk of suicide
in patients and for the longest time
they attempted to cover up the dangers
to keep their profits flowing paroxetine
one of the active ingredients in paxil
had been studied by GSK since 1989 when
the company first developed the
medication and submitted their
application to the FDA according to the
earliest studies produced by GSK paxil
actually showed a decrease in suicidal
thoughts and actions compared to placebo
groups or at least that's the way the
company presented it but it was a lie as
it turns out GSK was actually
manipulating their own data to show an
increased risk of suicide and suicide
attempts among placebos that didn't
exist at all it was all fabricated it
was all phony DUP and again GSK did this
to convince the FDA that its
antidepressant was completely safe an
internal email from the company from
1999 showed that the studies have been
manipulated to count placebo suicide
attempts that should never have been
counted at all again
they were phoning up the data the
internal email also laid out the many
ways the GSK was twisting the data for
the FDA approval all kinds of ways for
example in 2004 the FDA ordered GSK to
include a black box warning for its drug
showing an increased risk of suicide in
young users but it didn't specifically
mention patients over the age of 24 in
GSK knew that was a problem in April of
2006 nearly seven years after Jessica's
own internal documents showed that the
company knew was misrepresenting
making-up findings GSK finally decided
to reanalyze its data and found that yes
absolutely
taxol does in fact cause a statistically
significant increase in suicidal
thoughts and actions in adults with
major depressive disorder and yet the
product label was still not updated to
reflect this fact that GSK was
absolutely aware of that brings us back
to the case of Stuart Dolan had Glaxo
properly warned doctors and patients and
even the FDA about the dangers they
understood twenty years ago mr. Dolan
and all the people that have died from
this product might still be alive today
