the issue of mental healthcare in
America is something that comes up quite
a bit but it doesn't seem like anyone
ever really does anything about it and
now more than ever it's important for
public figures to share their issues
with mental health and also kind of
normalize the idea of going to see a
therapist well whether you like her or
not whether you think she's talented or
not Katy Perry has done something that I
think is pretty courageous she has done
a live stream of regular everyday
activities but more importantly she
decided to livestream a session that she
had with her therapist so to be
completely honest in full disclosure
with the audience when I had first seen
headlines about her life streaming
random things that she was doing I
thought that it was just a publicity
stunt there was no value to it but I
thought that streaming her therapy
session and kind of opening up about
some of the you know mental health
issues that she's experienced was really
important and I wanted to kind of not
only applaud her but kind of share a
little bit about her story so she
actually grew up in an extremely
conservative household a household of
born ignorant born-again Christians and
when she grew up she decided to move to
Tennessee to pursue her music career and
kind of you know break out of that very
strict household that she grew up in and
so of course you guys know she became a
big star and there was a huge upside and
a huge downside to that and and I think
that it really had some negative impacts
on her that she's addressing now and
she's you know trying to get better so
the hour-long discussion that she had
was with the host of the therapist a
reality show about mental health focused
on Perry's self-image the singer
described how she felt caught between
two personas the pop superstar known as
Katy Perry and a person embodied by her
given name Katherine Hudson known to her
close friends and family so during this
session at times Perry told the
therapist that she battled alcoholism
that struggle led to suicidal thoughts
and inspires her song by the grace of
God
but the singer said that she felt
ashamed about her thoughts of self-harm
okay I thought that was so incredibly
important because on one hand she comes
out to the public as Katy Perry the
strong woman you know this opinionated
woman the superstar but behind the
scenes you know she's battling demons
she's battling thoughts of suicide and
she feels ashamed that she feels that
way because people don't really
understand or even know who she really
is Ben is drawing faces writing was Kate
Hudson because her name is Kate Hudson
Oh interesting
yeah but going I don't want totally bad
yeah I'm into the story so anyway she
says she says during her therapy session
I feel ashamed that I would have those
thoughts the thoughts of suicide that
I'd feel that low and that depressed and
also she's been going to therapy
regularly for five years look this story
for me is not just about Katy Perry it's
about the fact that you have a public
figure who's coming out and sharing one
of the most personal things that she's
ever gone through that I think a lot of
people relate to but feel you know
scared to talk about because there's so
much stigma associated with it and I
don't know I just I really I feel
grateful that she she's talking about
these things you know because I know I
can relate to it sometimes and I don't
know anyway you guys talk because I feel
like I'm rambling I found out I had
mixed feelings I found it strange that
your mental health session is being you
know hosted by a reality-show
therapist I found him really strange
I watched the session and it just calls
into question right so it's I understand
her struggle between this public persona
and in the private person but then where
does the private person come into play
if even your private moments are then
public right so if it almost feels as if
you are inviting folks into the in your
struggle right so I feel like if you are
invested in South care and I can't tell
anyone how to take care of themselves
but it's seeing
as though this might be
counterproductive and there were moments
in the session where she would say
something that and then go back and go
but I don't mean this because she's
aware that people are watching and they
might take something out of context and
that to me just seems problematic yeah
those are really interesting points good
points that I hadn't thought of because
it's one thing to talk about your issues
like thoughts of suicide and depression
and obviously people are interested in
Katy Perry's life she's a talented the
justifiably interested I'm not knocking
her celebrity in any way but actually
seeing the session mm-hmm that's strange
and that feels like something that I
didn't watch it but that feels like
something that we're just not supposed
to see that just you you know in this
incredibly open society that we have now
where everything is fair game and and
Katy Perry will legitimately say she
shouldn't have kids right
but she would legitimately say hey what
are you photographing me with my kids
walking down the street why you
photographing my kids drop right you
know you know that you'd be like well
you you literally let us see your
therapy session like I mean that right
it's a it is a very private thing sure
that said my initial instinct was not
that it was closer to Ana's which is
that as you know and obviously as always
of course bring it back to Bruce
Springsteen but he wrote this
unbelievable autobiography last year I
mean this really seminal autobiography
that people like me and other people who
thought of themselves as knowing a lot
about Springsteen this guy was depressed
most of his life and writes about it in
this beautiful eloquent thoughtful way
and got through it and it his father was
not just not just depressed but had
serious chemical issues and needed to be
institutionalized and and then finally
there was some degree of a relationship
toward the end but he grew up as a kid
just thinking got my dad just flies off
the friggin handle all the time what am
I doing wrong and Internet's father was
sick right so any writes about it
beautifully and it helps there's no
question that when someone famous who
you respect they're not there they're
not Kardashian famous they are famous
because they earned fame and them in the
hardest way possible that they open up
about things
they're relatable to regular people like
us that that is valuable so I think this
huge value and for Katy Perry who has
all these enormous Lea young fans and
these I'm just thinking about young
girls whoo-hoo-hoo you know as I'm
hopefully gonna be moderately prepared
for having an eight year old and a
twelve year old and a sixteen year old
and this as my daughter grows up and
goes through all the things that you
know that I think are harder for girls
to do because there's gonna be more
judgment on what they feel we're guys
like yeah whatever cool it's cool dude
righteous man hey you know where as you
know you feel you know the days where
you're like oh my god I can't believe my
friend just took my picture I you know
like I never thought about that in my
life Fran and women think so it's just
obviously I'm now I'm rambling but
there's value in Katy Perry doing this I
am I think it's curious that we got to
see her therapy session right rather
than her writing about it which would
also get a lot of attention I think I
think what she's trying to do and by the
way the New York Times wrote a really
great piece on this and they did a good
interview with her and I think what she
is trying to accomplish with this
therapy session is to show people who
she really is
like her authentic self because you know
one thing that she said that really
stood out to me in that interview was
every part of Katy Perry's fake she's
straight outside that she's like the
awards I've won fake the persona I
created fake right this is I wanna I
want to be me I want people to know who
I really am and this this statement
really really hit home for me she said
that there's this strange race to be the
most woke they want you to stand for
something but once you do and if you
don't do it perfectly they're ready to
take you right down that's right and so
she's constantly dealing with you know
the criticism of not being perfect she's
dealing with criticism of you know how
she cuts her hair how she sings her
songs what she wears and and it's edit I
think people unfortunately don't
understand how terrible it really is to
be a public figure right I think that
terrible can be a time
it can be it's great it's mostly
terrible it is it is I think it's
absolutely terrible and I'm not saying
that because you know I look I chose to
do what I'm doing right because I love
the news and I love speaking my mind but
I feel like there is this added downside
of you know people always on you and and
you know just assuming that they know
who you are and assuming that they know
your intentions and constantly picking
you apart it's actually the worst thing
so I I appreciate that she's
acknowledging that you just watch the
video from the young turks did you know
that there's a live to our show every
day and that if you're a member of the
Young Turks you can get that on-demand
anytime you want without ads plus the
postgame just for members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now
TYT Network comm /join
