I have fantasies about what I would do
if I were dictator and uh like the
number one not the number one but one of
the first things that I would do is I
have to crease their hats else are you
guys they have to make sure they take
the stickers and the tags off their
baseball caps unacceptable to keep them
on guys
unacceptable okay onion it's not in the
store anymore down your head yes and
your your at home yes I love Ben
mankiewicz tangents they're the best but
anyway yeah what would I do if I were
dictator um everyone everyone man woman
gay straight trans don't care everyone
gets three months paid leave it's
mandatory done Joe an advocate or like
we go every year every person whether or
not they have a kid you get three months
leave done
tell me work nine months a year yes Wow
and three-day weekend I think you can
have one of us but you're fine three-day
weekend i three-day weekend be pretty
good no IIIi think there's real value in
that yeah totally absolutely oh man I
gotta work Friday so great like three
times a year I gotta go in on Friday
oh I wouldn't be my day of choice you
would choose Monday it already sucks uh
well maybe Monday doesn't suck in this
context you ready Chris you know what
the best day to take office if you could
take one day uh how do you know I've
thought about it only for probably
aggregate ly a year and a half my life
um uh Thursday and then come back to
work on Fridays right first of all
occasionally you take the Friday off II
afford a week right but um the UH
Fridays are great no but everybody wants
to work on Fridays nobody works very
hard wants to work on Friday but my
actual productivity you're just talking
about being just being I'm not a boss
I'm give a about productivity um
the hobby
do I look like I'm about no so I always
like I always liked going to work on
Friday
people were casual they go out
afterwards it's fun yeah you know it's
just a better it in you know the weekend
it's an okay day you're not dread ten
o'clock on Friday like I can get to five
o'clock today
Yeah right this is and if you had
Thursday's off you'd have that feeling
on Wednesday
cycle I could you'd be like I got
tomorrow off Friday's awesome and then
it's the weekend that's actually a
really good point no more thirsty
Thursdays
now it's wasted Wednesday just all you
got to get their energy and ones that
you're feeling pretty good by like two
o'clock yeah I'm off tomorrow are you
you may have got about half yeah
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built the show
around you come build it even bigger and
better at TYT Network dot-com slash join
