PBS is being criticized for the way one
of its three-part series was funded and
it's in regard to school privatization
so there's this series that PBS puts out
called school Inc and it mostly focuses
on privatizing education and it has a
very positive tone toward privatization
of our school systems and so uh an
investigation into the funding for this
series actually found some interesting
information
apparently the late Andrew Colson
longtime head of the Cato Institute uh
was the driving force behind school Inc
and if you know anything about the Cato
Institute you are aware that it is a
libertarian organization that's very
much in favor of privatizing everything
and so there is a political agenda there
also keep in mind the former us
Assistant Secretary of Education
Diane Ravich found that the film was
funded by a number of arc conservative
foundations with ties to the dark money
ATM donors trust and the iron Rand ins
Institute and so there is definitely a
concern there because while PBS argues
look we want to represent all people in
the political spectrum different ideas
keep in mind that if you see a series
that only represents one side of the
story well you can't just assume that
everyone's going to go out there and in
search of the other side right and so it
could really sway people in one
direction or the other and that's
problematic now the former Assistant
Secretary of Education also said this
program is paid propaganda it does not
search for the truth it does not present
opposing points of view it is an
advertisement for the demolition of
public education and for the unregulated
free market in education PBS might have
a aired a program that debates these
issues but school Inc does not now if
this was a an isolated incident for PBS
it would still be problematic but keep
in mind that two years ago no three
years ago back in 2014
uh David Sirota looked into another
series that PBS was airing called
pension
Carroll and he actually found that
pension peril was funded to the tune of
3.5 million dollars by John Arnold he is
a former executive at Enron who's very
much against pensions and so this
pension peril series was very much in
favor of cutting pensions for people
like teachers firefighters police stuff
like that and so because of David's rose
reporting PBS uh decided to return 3.5
million dollars to John Arnold but the
damage was already done I mean it
already aired this pension peril piece
so just a little info on what's going on
yeah my you know my temptation is to
defend PBS but that's old-school
instinctive uh yeah I mean you know I
don't mind BBS I don't like picking
apart where people got their money from
because you know conservatives give to
charities liberals give to charities and
then if that and PBS about a charity but
could give to you know Gregg Jean
four-day doesn't believe in a free and
open do it he just gave $50,000 to the
you know free and open
whatever that journalism Society that
and expect to be talking about so
forgive my goofiness on that but the we
know he doesn't care whether journalists
serve free to practice their trade in
fact he does carry doesn't want the
program so uh I got he was forced to uh
but so uh but if the if it turns out as
as uh as Diane ravaged says that it's
incredibly one-sided and is airing on
PBS which instantly give something the
UH
uh the sweet smell of credibility then
that's been that is a significant
problem uh I wouldn't just merely if it
were if it were reasonably fair and
balanced if there were another side to
it if it were a look at at you know and
again at the charter schools that work
and and the majority of them that don't
really work or aren't significantly
better anyway
you know and and what we can learn from
the ones that work and maybe there is
something that can happen here that'll
just providing a balance your view and
put it but my guess is they paid
millions mains dollars yeah that that
they
that they that they got that they got
the program they wanted and that's got
no business on PBS you can air that you
put on the Internet and care enough Fox
mm-hmm they'll put it on agreed yeah
it's it's out right like yeah it is
gonna look into it but I had to watch
The Bachelor first or the Bachelorette
for something only one piece of
thing at a time I can't do it all but
yeah I mean if it is this biased and
it's a three-part series they barely had
enough time yeah to you know to balance
the perspective and if they didn't do
that then PBS is responsible so I
actually did look into it and it is 100%
one-sided uh which is you know look the
and part of the reason why I looked into
it was not only because we're covering
the story but because you know
privatizing education and taking public
money and funneling it to private
institutions in the form of vouchers is
is a hideous thing to do because it
defines public schools uh it puts public
money taxpayer money into private
institutions that are yet that have a
lack of oversight lack of standards uh
you know in some cases don't even
believe in in teaching science and and
focus on you know creationist theories
and things like that uh and also I want
to make sure that education remains you
know an opportunity for those who can't
afford school right and so if we
privatize education completely I think
it's going to be a complete disaster for
those who are disenfranchised for those
who you know might come from an
underprivileged background and so I care
about this issue a lot and I looked into
and I was like wow it's just very pro
privatizing and of course it's gonna be
pro privatizing right if an organization
like the Cato Institute is involved by
the way um in regard to David Sirota is
reporting on a similar issue back in
2014 the way it went down was also
incredibly Shady because uh people from
PBS approached John Arnold and said hey
we're thinking about doing this you know
and and so and look at the same time I
also understand that it's it's hard to
be in the media right and it's hard to
find the funding and it's hard to you
know do things as ethically as possible
sometimes when you're also
trying to balance the best interests of
your viewers with raising enough money
to do what you're doing but at the same
time I mean you're discrediting yourself
if you go out there looking for money
from people who have political agendas
and then producing propaganda pieces
that appease these individuals yet the
promise what we learned and on November
8th is that the propaganda a incredibly
effective like we're you know we think
of propaganda and we think of the Nazis
in the nineteen forties and we think of
the Soviets uh before the fall the Cold
War like we get first of all we in this
country have had some of the best
problems we got we're incredibly smart
and creative and we've we've come up
some of the best propaganda uh in the
history of the world you know some of it
was used for good right in trying to win
the war sort of uh but we know how to
make propaganda films really effectively
and uh and we're now starting to see the
incredibly effective use of propaganda
and how they can sort of trick and
mislead the American voter in getting
its genes to get something on PBS
because then for the rest of time you
get to say why are you making why are
you hitting us up on school like it was
on PBS right and I think that's a issues
that PBS has the benefit of being this
neutral you know network where you know
you go you show PBS in schools you know
so it gets the benefit of the doubt in
that way whereas if it was on Netflix
then you kind of know when you're
looking for content on Netflix that a
lot of it can be crap so yeah absolutely
I mean PBS taught me English like that's
it that I would watch PBS is like a
little kid to catch Sesame Street that's
yeah how I learn English and so it's
just it breaks my heart to see all this
and hopefully you know they straighten
it all out because it's unacceptable to
do propaganda pieces especially when so
many lives are at stake and you know
education is at stake as well you don't
like hats well I hear your brother did
you know that you can begin my Young
Turks member get to full to our show
every day on demand plus so many other
Network shows all ad-free for just ten
bucks a month give it a shot right now
to you I tea network.com slash join
