one thing that Donald Trump said that he
would be incredibly supportive of is
individuals who face persecution in
predominantly Muslim countries simply
because they're Christians well that was
an interesting statement to make
considering the fact that ice officials
under the Trump administration have been
rounding up Iraqi Christians and
deporting them back to Iraq
where they not only face persecution but
they face terrorist organizations like
Isis that want to do away with them now
according to reports dozens of Iraqi
Christians and other immigrants were
seized over this past weekend in a
series of ice raids many of which took
place in Michigan now Michigan does have
a large middle-eastern population and so
it's not surprising that they
specifically went to that area in order
to around these people up and deport
them now one individual says that this
is a deliberate attack on the catholic
assyrian community of detroit by the
administration they waited until sunday
when our community would be going to
church and gathering with their families
and have rounded up 40 to 60 community
members now people are very concerned
about this because of what they have to
deal with and what they have to face
once they are deported but of course
they haven't been deported yet right now
they're detained in our lovely prison
system because you know people got to
make money off the immigrants before we
deport them so that's what's really
going on when were scheduled to be
deported back to mosul that's right
that's right
yeah that's great I wonder what the
reception at the airport there's gonna
be like I mean come on if you bought
into anything Trump said and and don't
understand the fact that he's a fraud at
this point I mean what more how much
more evidence do you need first of all I
don't care what your religious
background is I don't care if you're
Christian I don't care if you're Muslim
I don't care if you're Jewish I don't
care if your pastafarian whatever it is
right is a Pastafarian
that one with the strainer and
everything yeah possible no one so that
you're talking about like think these
are like Rastafarians but who like
yeah that's a real I mean they're
they're anti-religious like they're
trying to make a point about how
ridiculous religious but regardless I
will carve doesn't love pasta
constitutes the best religion back let
us not derail your already but the point
that I was trying to make is no one
regardless of their political ideology
or religion should face any type of
persecution in any country right and so
the fact that Trump you know began the
conversation with your rock you Muslims
bad but you know Christian Muslims good
Christian Muslims all look out for the
others Jenna Rock Christian yeah I mean
that that was a ridiculous place to
start the conversation but the fact that
he didn't even follow through on his
protection of Christians is is insane
right no he's not Christian I think that
was the first lie right is that you
aren't Christian or whatever Bible verse
he incorrectly tried to say back to
Corinthians six Corinthians two good to
what are we so no war better than fraud
so you know if you bought into this idea
that he would protect Christians then
you are just missing yeah everything's a
fraud everything you're right but and
again I say this every time but there
may be some people who haven't seen it
before there's no way that a police
organization in this country gets to
have a cool name like ice like and I'm
not kidding it is it because it is a
suggestion again that they're badass cuz
we have a badass name like being a
police officer and having the authority
to on a Sunday while people are
worshiping in their church to go in and
gank people out and handcuff them and
then put them on a bus and send them
from Michigan where you've grabbed them
to a federal prison in Ohio so you can
deport them to Mosul or Tikrit or
wherever you're sour Baghdad or wherever
your Senate them right I whether that's
going into harm's way or not you don't
get to feel like you're in a band like
it's not cool it's a serious sober job
you don't get to show off and we don't
get to come up with cool names for
police like here's a name FBI fine
Federal Bureau of Investigation
doesn't get to be neat and and they
deliberately came up we know they did
they didn't call hey immigrations
Customs Enforcement wait cool that's ice
like they came up with the badass name
first so you can kick down a door and
feel like a man and I and those and and
I I'm not talking about the ages I
really do I I respect police officers
and the difficult work they do but you
don't get to be it's not a cool thing
right right right and and it's a
suggestion part of that thing is is that
like high five look at us we're badasses
it grosses me out that we do that what's
in TYT membership not gonna tell you
only one way to find out TYT Network ops
that's join
