last year the Obama administration put
into effect new regulations on methane
leaks both in terms of detecting them
and stopping them once they're detected
and that was extremely important for a
couple of reasons
and first of all if you're concerned
about global climate change depends on
who you talk to but most people seem to
agree that methane is about 30 times
more damaging than co2 to our atmosphere
in terms of global warming uh and so
that is absolutely devastating it's also
really bad on the health of the people
living in the areas near these lakes
particularly children and so
theoretically detecting and stopping
these leaks is good for the people in
those areas also good for the planet as
a whole and so a lot of credit to Obama
for putting into effect those
regulations unfortunately those
regulations have now been put on hold
with the Trump administration saying
that they're going to block them for at
least two years and god help us if we
forget about this and then they just
make it permanent after those two years
under the proposed two-year delay
companies would of course not need to
comply with the new requirements forcing
them to put into place systems to detect
the leaks and then actually doing
something about it not have to worry
about that
and of course supporters of the rule of
argue that it would promote have the
health benefits I talked about earlier
also would save a lot of money for the
government and it would take 180,000
tons of methane out of the atmosphere
each year which by the way considering
this is a gas that's a lot 180,000 tons
now the EPA put out a message about why
we shouldn't necessarily be too worried
about this being blocked for two years
let's see if we buy their argument now
the EPA believes that the environmental
health or safety risk addressed by this
action may have a disproportionate
effect on children however because this
action merely proposes to delay the 2016
rule this action will not change any
impacts of the 2016 rule after the stay
any impacts and children's health caused
by the delay in the rule will be limited
because of the length of the proposal
stay is limited so all they're saying is
obviously this is bad for children but
hey it's just two years how much damage
could do to them over the course of two
years playing let's find out play inside
exactly air couldn't get inside clearly
uh their defense is that it's just two
years
I mean what sort of environmental
contaminant would we allow let your kids
play in that dirty water for two years
Trump is such a fraud Trump
administration such fraud and it worked
so effectively on you know not all 62
million people many of those people
actually support rules like this but a
lot don't write a lot think oh I like
that the EPA like you know our water got
clean the air got clean that was good
right uh so what do you think is gonna
happen in two years that's assuming that
the Trump is a in office and not at a
Correctional Facility in in Marion right
uh but presuming the top Trump is still
in office what do you think happens in
two years they go alright
those Obama regulations they start now
yeah I mean it's
you're kidding it they'll just be
deliver be delayed and other ones maybe
roll back to levels that we didn't I
don't even know what methane rules we've
had prior to this but they will roll
back everything there will be no ressure
of of of again short of Lake Erie being
on fire yeah they won't do anything they
were never gonna do anything I think
that was patently obvious to anyone who
paid attention to this guy's career uh
just merely playing back the EPA with
right I'm right the people that he did
people he was gonna nominate we knew is
gonna emanate guys like Scott Pruett
this is exactly in Betsy DeVos those are
exactly the people and Rick Perry who
were gonna he was gonna put in office uh
uh and and it should trouble some
percentage of that sixty-two million
yeah who think were like yeah you know I
this is owed that I didn't that I didn't
want a drink I thought you might drain
the swamp so you would clean the swamp I
think you would drain the swamp and then
fill it in with a more toxic swamp yeah
but what would I do
he does want to drain the swamp but let
the kids play this one for two years
then we'll come back to that that's
better
uh yeah and look I think a lot of people
like methane it's not you know crude oil
it's hard to see it's hard to know when
there's a leak and so perhaps people get
less it's less obvious and so people
don't know about house
it is but here in LA last year I believe
it was we had uh with many methane leaks
if you look at a heat map its horrifying
not just in the LA but LA but across the
country
it's far more common than you think but
we had a massive one north of LA that
went on for months
that was a Porter Ranch Lee yes exactly
and we we have no idea how much damage
that was able to do to the atmosphere in
that period of time the idea that
corporations shouldn't have to forego a
slight a small amount of their profits
to stop that is extremely short-sighted
so look there's two more elements this I
want to cover one is on how significant
these regulations would have been there
was a study back in 2013 the Colorado
Department of Public Health and
Environment estimated that the new
requirements that were being discussed
then would reduce emissions of both
hydrocarbons and other volatile organic
compounds from oil and gas production by
about a third or 92 thousand tons a year
which for context is more than the total
VOCs spewed by all of the state's cars
as extremely significant and all it
requires is that we crack down slightly
on the companies that are allowing these
Niek that these uh leaks to continue but
of course you know they make money off
of it and the EPA estimated that the
cost savings Ford uh delaying just
delaying not eliminating permanently
that these companies are gonna save at
least a hundred and seventy three
million dollars and so maybe your kids
have to play in methane infested air for
a couple of years and effect then they
don't live next to the leaks some of
these regulations are for the greater
good many of them are for the greater
good this notion that we can't we can
allow capitalism to uh uh to run about
unfettered is a dangerous foolish
argument we have always fettered it uh
it needs fettering right I'm not that
we're not we're not advocating that the
state take control of all these
businesses yeah we're advocating that
there be and I got it they're a burden
and there's paperwork involved and they
reduce your profits in some ways but if
the if the atmosphere is completely
tainted and your company is out of
business in eighteen years or twenty
eight years well then you should have
done this exactly uh yeah we don't
expect the companies to actually show
that sort of forethought
no they're not gonna look decades ahead
if theoretically they can make money now
number that yes exact exactly we we
expect that we can that amongst all the
other problems that the politicians
bring with them that they would have at
least a little bit of wisdom that they
would be separated enough from the
concerns the profit motive that they
could care about their children of the
children of this country but obviously
we can't expect that now and that's why
it was so amazing when Obama was
actually put these in effect and this
was just supposed to be the beginning
this was supposed to be the first step
and we allow Trump to get elected and
not only do we not grow you know not
move forward on that step we'll even
knock that out from under us there was
actual progress yeah there was progress
and and we got in the way of it uh-uh-uh
carelessly in this country has it and
then the burden that burden rests with a
lot of people right of who's responsible
for that but we allowed that to happen
uh and we know what the response the
story will be right from the right well
first of all I won't cover probably but
that they did the response will be s
cows right cows when they pass gas is
methane that's true everybody and I was
fine and that that legit mean I'm not
even I'm barely paraphrasing what Steve
Doocy would say Yeah right into laughs
kisses for laughing right uh yet that
will be their argument that is always
there you talk about methane that's what
you can guarantee that that so much this
specifically but we know that that the
guys on the morning in Fox and Sean
Hannity I literally don't know who's on
Fox anymore I'm trying those Sean
Hannity stones but I don't know anybody
else excuse you John any I don't think
that's it but that's what they'll talk
about that'll be their thoughtful
response uh because again they've
convinced millions and millions of
Americans that somehow it is in the
interest of the science lobby to
over-regulate
with somehow they make money off that
somehow that suits the fits their
interest and continue they can continue
to crank in those research dollars that
just overwhelm them uh and to paraphrase
Jimmy's jokes allow all those scientists
to drive away in their brand-new 2013
tour cells
I thought he said Geo Metro no it's mr.
self okay okay that's probably better
it's actually still make the truth about
teachers but it applies to science just
so good now
Young Turks membership creates
independent media believe me no ads
believe me all the show believe me on
demand believe me support independent
media believe me it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me by
the end you'll be thinking you know like
a smart person tea white tea network.com
slash join
