the fraternity at the University of
Virginia which was the subject of a
super questionable and incorrect Rolling
Stone piece about campus rape has
settled a defamation lawsuit with
rolling stone to the tune of one point
six five million dollars now this of
course had to do with the Virginia Alpha
chapter of Phi Kappa sigh that was a
fraternity that was written about in the
article and an allege that there was a
gang rape of a female student who went
by the name of Jackie the issue with the
piece was that the writer did not talk
to anyone except for Jackie the the
woman who alleged that she had been
gang-raped by this fraternity and so
when the story came out there were a
number of people including the alleged
victim's friends who came out and said
this is not true and at that point
rolling stone had to retract their piece
and of course they face some defamation
lawsuits because they you know ruined
the reputations of individuals who were
part of this reporting the Virginia
Alpha chapter of Phi Kappa Phi
fraternity has agreed to settle and
dismiss its defamation lawsuit against
rolling stone and Sabrina early that is
the writer of course arising from the
magazine's publication of the November
2014 article a rape on campus a brutal
assault and struggle for justice at UVA
the fraternity said in a statement
now the magazine also settled another
lawsuit earlier this year with a former
University of Virginia associate dean
Nicole Oromo who claims she was defamed
by the story as well now the article
claimed that you know she didn't take
the the accusation seriously there
wasn't a proper investigation done and
so rightfully so she went after rolling
stone for defamation and they settled
the case as well now even though I
completely agree that rolling stone did
not do the right thing and that was
incredibly unethical and irresponsible
journalism I didn't want that one story
to destroy the publication cuz rolling
stone
you know has really great writers
including Matt Taibbi
and I just didn't want to see the entire
you know publication go down the drain
because of the irresponsible behavior of
you know few editors and a writer so I'm
happy to see that the settlement is not
it doesn't seem like it's gonna break
the bank for them one point six five
million dollars mm-hmm I don't know I
mean diving into this the Columbia
Journalism Review did a really good sort
of play-by-play of exactly what went
wrong and it's really frustrating to
read through yeah because you it calls
into question unfortunately for a lot of
people that gave them license to
question the testimony of sexual assault
victims and that's what is so
heartbreaking about this and I and I
think that the people at Rolling Stone
the editors behind and the writer
themselves have all acknowledged that
that that I mean it's the the
implications the ramifications of this
story are so tragic just beyond the this
of this falsehood and I know what they
were doing they were acting in deference
to try and respect who they thought was
who presented themselves as a sexual
assault victim right and I understand
that and it's it's one of those things
where you have to question okay if I
were in these shoes what would I do
because you have this person who's
saying I'm a victim please don't reach
out to these people I can and then down
the line after the story's already in
the pipeline ready to be published then
some questions come up where she can't
really remember the spelling of the of
her of the person that she's saying
instigated the whole event that's really
fishy but what do you do the story's
already going to be published you know
it's possible that she's forgetting some
details it's just all of this snow
balled into something that really is it
the effects I think we're still seeing
today because whenever we cover a story
I know even on this channel about rape
or sexual assault there a lot of people
that will cite statistics bogus
statistical again most people are faking
it anyway look at the UVA case that's
consequences want to work for this as
we've said many times you don't want to
I guess poison the field for one that
really has happen because even before
any any kind of false allegations even
arise there's already suppression of
victims of rape already just because we
have
society that wants to demonize someone
who was a victim of a crime like this
already for some reason there's plenty
reasons and we know those but then after
it's all said and done it still ends up
this what struck me in this as well the
the author or the the journalist for
this who died was one to see what
happened her she kind of like I figure
she gonna way she work anywhere ever
again when it comes to consequences for
Rolling Stone what happens to her as
well as her career and she was forced to
go on hiding or receiving threats of
course I wonder which kind of threats
she received as a woman so even after
it's all said and done and you're and
the wrong from Rolling Stone to the to
the writer of the piece then she still
gets the same threats that lead to
things that she was writing about in the
first place so both sides end up having
to recreate the bad sides of this whole
thing but when it comes to false
allegations or when it comes to shooting
death threats at a woman just because
she's a woman
and I wouldn't want to see the kinds of
threats that she received from this and
I think that she was very close to this
she got very close with Jackie they
spoke a number of times they met a
number of times so I also think that
it's important to call out her editors
who were less close to look at this as
fact checkers me like okay she says this
can we double check this can we go make
sure that he was a lifeguard at this
point in time I need to look at this
objectively you know you have to look to
a certain level you have to be a little
bit cold about it a little bit clothing
callous and cynical that maybe she's
lying and I think that her editors
didn't really do that job because we and
I don't think it's wrong to treat people
who say that they have been sexually
assaulted respectfully and to treat them
to I don't know it's a delicate
situation but someone should have been
fact-checking along the way absolutely
agree with you and I would argue that
it's even more cold and callous to
depict this bleak criminal picture of
innocent individuals right and that's
essentially what happened with this
piece which is why it's so incredibly
important to not rely on one source and
one source only for a piece you have to
corroborate it and that pertains to
every type of story if someone is
leaking something to you right you can't
just simply rely on what that one leaker
says and I know a lot of publications
New York Times a lot of established
publications make
sure that they corroborate you know what
that source is saying before they
publish the piece because anyone can say
anything and if you just take that for
face value or at face value when you
publish it well that's not it's not
ethical or responsible journalism and
look I think that this story the fact
that the settlement came about today is
really interesting to me because it made
me kind of go back in time 2014 when
this was a big story and it made me
realize that journalism as a whole has
devolved so much even in this short
period of time since this entire thing
blew up right you see all sorts of
defamatory stuff in the media about
anyone right about any politician about
anyone who's in the news or was in in
the headlines at that moment you see a
bunch of you know so-called journalists
trying to make the story about them
because they're trying to make a name
for themselves as opposed to actually
just reporting the facts right and and
instead of you know pushing their agenda
you know they should be focusing on
stories that matter to the American
public so they can be well informed you
know participants of a democratic system
and where we've moved so far away from
that like and it's not just television
media it's not just establishment media
it's media in general now it doesn't
matter if you're in digital media or
television or print I see dishonest
actors everywhere and it's just really
devastating to me because you know I
realized that you know you if you're a
public figure your reputation is not in
your hands anymore okay your reputation
is in the hands of everyone else who
decide what the narrative is who decide
what type of person you are who decide
to cover you in any way they decide to
cover you right and that's the worst
part about it because doesn't matter if
you're a good person
doesn't matter if you have the best
intentions I mean look what happened
today with Bernie Sanders right Bernie
Sanders is getting blamed for shooting
at like a congressional baseball
practice and he has never once condoned
violence he has never once encouraged or
incited violence but other people get to
draw this narrative of him and it's
irresponsible behavior
and I think John tweeted it today when
he said this these type of things allow
people to cobble in their corners and
then once they're there they use it for
their own perspective their own angle to
prove that their corner is the best
corner and no one's ever gonna speak
yeah and we're alive on journalists to
be the watchdogs for this and going with
a dog and allergy because I love dogs it
was sort of like rolling so and got
caught chasing their own tail yeah
what's in TYT membership not gonna tell
you only one way to find out tea white
tea network.com slash join
