during the Obama administration there
were some important regulations put in
place
pertaining to for-profit colleges now
these are different from public colleges
or private colleges for-profit colleges
are run much like corporations they have
investors and they want to make as much
money as possible and the money that
they make usually makes individuals who
are involved in the business wealthy as
opposed to going back into coffers for
the school so just so you know what
for-profit colleges are now there were a
lot of controversial issues over the
years regarding how these for-profit
colleges were intentionally deceptive
toward students that they were
attempting to recruit so they would show
them job placement statistics that were
misleading to give you a quick example
if someone was going to one of these
schools to study how to be a chef they
would show job placement rates at like
eighty-five percent in reality those
statistics included individuals were
working at fast-food companies literally
flipping burgers and so of course that's
deceptive especially when they convince
a lot of students to take out very very
large federal loans a lot of these
schools are relied on federal loans in
order to uh make up their revenue and
for some schools it was as much as
ninety five percent of their revenue so
taxpayers were being hurt by this
because where do you think that revenue
comes from and also students are being
hurt by this because they were digging
themselves in this gigantic hole for
program that wouldn't actually place
them in a job that would give them a
decent earning potential now with that
said Obama finally did something about
it
and so there was something called
gainful employment which ensured that if
a school is to receive any type of
federal funding they have to have a
certain ratio among uh you know the
number of students enrolling in the
number of students who actually get
placed in gainful employment after they
graduate the second part of it was a
debt forgiveness program for those who
were misled by these recruiters those
who are the victims of this fraudulent
behavior now fast-forward to the Trump
administration what could go wrong the
Education Department has decided to uh
put a
hold on these rules Department officials
will block a rule that clarifies how
student borrowers can have their loans
forgiven if they were defrauded or
misled by their college the
administration will issue a stay of
borrower defense under Section 705 of
the Administrative Procedure Act which
an Education Department official said
allows federal agencies to halt the
effective date of a rule pending
judicial review now on the loan
forgiveness component of all this was
supposed to go into effect July 1st
Betsy DeVos comes in she has been very
very sympathetic to for-profit colleges
was not in favor of regulating them
whatsoever she was actually very
transparent about that she comes in and
says mm no we're not doing this okay so
uh real quick let's hear from Betsy
DeVos she says it is the department's
aim and this administration's commitment
to protect students from predatory
practices while also providing clear
fair and balanced rules for colleges and
universities to follow let's keep it
real this is really about protecting
for-profit colleges and ensuring that
your buddies you know continue making as
much money as possible uh with
taxpayer-funded loans that are given to
these students and by the way these
loans aren't going to be forgiven she
claims that they will be if they qualify
but it seems like she's not very
sympathetic toward the students not like
we have a president that um has any
interest or history and taking part in
in for-profit colleges or any kind of
institution of higher learning where uh
he made money off people and defrauded
them well it happened it people where he
exploited people who are specifically
looking to better their lives who are
looking for better opportunities Trump
University is the epitome of what
for-profit colleges are they're
despicable okay which is why Corinthian
Colleges went down the drain recently
into 2015 because they were defrauding
students they were screwing them over
and students weren't able to pay back
their loans because they couldn't find
gainful employment they were told that
they were promised the moon in the Stars
right and these recruiting techniques I
don't know if you
guys ever watch daytime television but
they're clever right they they go after
very specific shows and a very specific
demographic because they know that these
people are desperate they know that
these people want to better their lives
and so they'll promise the moon and the
stars and they'll be like no don't worry
about it take out those student loans
it's gonna be great many that many
people nautica sit there
that they're targeting maybe I've had
setbacks maybe did other colleges kind
of school and like I'm behind I'm 22
years old already yeah I got a
disembodied that still young but still
you target people think I got to catch
up and it's the quick and easy way and a
quick an easy way and many times
especially with education isn't but
they're just they're taking advantage
now um with the with the wording that
DeVoss put in that would saying they're
gonna use something to make it more fair
and balanced and create this and do that
they're the thing with the gray area
that no one likes to talk about in
politics is sure there's probably she's
like when came to the healthcare Obama
care there was things with that they
were absolutely wrong that that didn't
work that wasn't that it wasn't going to
develop the right way because it gave
too much power to people in states that
wanted to tank it so sure there's things
in the way this could approach that you
could clean it up but what's going to
happen is the officials that she's going
to point are gonna have they're gonna be
free to take whatever approach they want
and considering what's good and what's
bad which and then that'll be behind
closed doors because how many people
everyday are gonna report about what
these random nameless department heads
are going to be doing to create the
policy the way they want it
nobody will and will look up and go how
did we get that horrible piece of
legislation that they said was gonna
make everything so much better yes so
reading through this article I couldn't
believe how on the nose it was for the
Trump administration I thought that it
would be a little bit more nuanced and
mysterious no I know isn't right I
really didn't like drive anything
happening in the Trump administration
but I was reading it through I was like
they must be trying to veil this in
something else right there's no way
they're just going to announce that
they're just gutting this they're not
even gonna try and work through it again
so much of this is going to be going on
behind closed doors with people that
Betsy DeVos appoints herself there's
real there's no oversight
you know we hired a businessman for
president people thought that was gonna
be a good idea
and de frauded students right and now
he's doing that exactly that with the
people that he put in place with our
country I don't know it's like that I
feel like that's so obvious it's such an
obvious they don't have to anymore
because after the campaign in the way he
openly said things that he was hoping to
get him it would give him a loss you can
go back to his life and it didn't work
they went all double for anything we
have to hide anymore let's just say
we're gonna do and they're gonna go yeah
but also think about look this affects
everyone regardless of whether or not
you have student loan debt because if
you genuinely care about the economy and
how it works you need people to spend
money you need people to stimulate the
economy and right now there's a huge
problem with you know 1.3 trillion
dollars in student loan debt and when we
are strapped with that it's really
difficult to go out there and buy a car
or a home or get your life started and
actually stimulate the so-called economy
that we have right
um so everyone gets affected but more
importantly younger generations because
of the fact that you know tuition is
shot up so much over the last you know
10 years younger generations are hurt
the most personally right and younger
generations in a vote for Trump so you
know if you're concerned about this
being you know something that serves as
a political ramification later on down
the line it's not it's not cuz these are
people who typically wouldn't vote for
Trump anyway right like I don't think
they're gonna look at me why it's easily
overlooked I mean remember he went on
his
thank you tour only the states that he
won as soon as he won the election you
talked about how he had his friends
because that's what helped my friends
literally again all this stuff is said
right yes believe like they must have at
least had some sort of a code language
it's not even codon it's a very
transparent what's happening yeah it's
totally I feel like every time they're
on camera it's like we're gonna pop you
what a really good you're gonna like it
and and people are like yeah yeah yeah
Bobo we're gonna vote for him I love
Trump Trump a great it's amazing
you don't like ads I hear your brother
you know how you could avoid ads for the
Young Turks become a Young Turks member
get all the content ad free TYT Network
come /join
