Donald Trump said during the campaign
that he was going to bring back all
those lost coal jobs and now what do you
know a coal mine has actually open up
the first coal mine it's opened up since
he became you know whatever political
position he has it I'm not going to say
so is it mission accomplished
well his specific claim he said this
recently when I ended the war on coal
there's a rough war so many died I said
I would put our incredible miners and
that's what you are incredible back to
work and he was talking about the
abstract he was talking about a
particular coal mine the one that we're
addressing in this video open by Corsa
and in fact it has opened and it has
brought jobs back course the executives
forecast the creation of 70 to 100 jobs
in the new mine which is good for those
70 to 100 families that is very good but
as a writers at courts have pointed out
that's significantly fewer than the 92
jobs created by the opening of one
American supermarket on average it's
also probably to Dunkin Donuts I would
say maybe three personally I'd prefer
more Dunkin now also for context those
70 to 100 jobs will be a bit of a drop
in the coaly bucket of the 191 thousand
jobs that the mining industry has lost
since 2014 now the mining industry is
obviously larger than just coal but I
mean you're talking about a big thing
there and let's bring up this chart it's
going to show you the trend over time
I don't know that this mine is going to
reverse that and of course you know we
could get into the morality and the long
term environmental affective if we did
get back all those jobs and if we did
bring all that mining back that we've
apparently moved on from as an economy
but it seems like it's simply it's for
his base many of them don't work in coal
obviously it's got something like 50,000
jobs the entire industry but a lot of
Americans like the idea of it and they
think America should be on coal not
stupid wussy wind and solar so it's
weird cuz there's like this paradox
where you have Trump voters saying that
they voted for him due to economic
issues they lost their jobs things have
been shipped overseas and
they really want to get their jobs back
but at the same time they continuously
hurt themselves by speaking out or at
least just being against creating jobs
renewable energy if you look at
California alone California's largest uh
increase in jobs has come from wind and
solar right like we're we're pretty much
doing a pretty good job creating uh
positions for people who want to work in
renewable energy and so yeah there you
see a lot of job growth in that field of
work but you don't see it with coal
because coal is more expensive to
produce it's harder to produce right and
so look trump is simultaneously um you
know shying away from anything that
would help the environment shying away
from renewable energy and also doing
away with funding for trade schools so
if you did lose your job in a factory or
if you did work in a coal mine well
didn't he say during the election that
he really wanted to hone in on trade
schools and making sure that you get
trained for another job a better job
he's not doing that he's doing quite the
opposite I mean half the country's
living in poverty living paycheck to
paycheck so of course they want to hear
rhetoric about saving jobs about helping
the economy - Bernie's credit that's why
Bernie was so popular of course but I
mean it's just so ridiculous I just saw
an op-ed in a paper from like 1913
talking about
here's what's gonna happen if we keep
bumping it you know pumping carbon
dioxide what do you know there we are a
hundred plus years later where America
consumes fun you know constitutes 5% of
the world's population consumes 25% of
its energy we have Norway and Sweden
buying trash actually importing trash to
burn because they've ran out Germany is
now you know has only 15 percent of its
country based on coal and nuclear I mean
we are so far behind we actually of a
president that's that calls it a Chinese
hoax yeah we really need to step our up
up our game it's really ridiculous
yeah and it's and it goes further than
saving the environment which I would
argue is should be the number-one
priority
but if you genuinely care about job
growth in America it's not gonna come
from coal it's gonna come from renewable
energy totally and those jobs will come
the decision we have to make is if we
want them to be American jobs if we want
them
being you know India Sri Lanka China on
all that young turks now has over six
billion lifetime views you know who did
that you did that we're now larger the
CNN ABC you name a news network
online were larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build in the meta media
together with us at TYT Network dot-com
slash join
