Ford Motor Company is setting the record
straight following a tweet that Trump
had put out indicating that Ford had
killed its plan to sell a Chinese made
vehicle here in the United States here's
the exact tweet Ford has abruptly killed
a plan to sell a Chinese made small
vehicle in the US because of the
prospect of higher US tariffs this car
can now be built in the USA and Ford
will pay no tariffs so Ford actually
responded to that by saying no that
that's not true at all they said the
following it would not be profitable to
build the Focus active in the u.s. given
an expected annual sales volume of fewer
than 50,000 units Ford is proud to
employ more US hourly workers and build
more vehicles in the US than any other
automaker so they actually decided that
they will continue manufacturing that
car in China but they will not sell that
car in the United States and part of the
reason why they're doing it is yes the
tariffs but more importantly they're
doing this because they're changing
their business model here in the United
States they want to focus more on SUVs
and they claim that they want their
trucks and SUVs to have electric options
so Ford canceled plans to import compact
focus actives that were made in China
because of the high tariffs cost let's
be clear about that
let's fast-forward earlier this year
Ford also announced a major shift in
focus it would begin phasing out
virtually all of its cars in the US
while doubling down on trucks and SUVs I
bet that'll really help the environment
well look they claim and if they
actually follow through on this it's
fine they claim that by phasing out the
less profitable cars they will free up
money to invest in electrifying its SUV
lineup all right bless their hearts yeah
so bottom line on this is Trump says
they're now going to build them here in
America no it turns out because it's a
big win turns out it's a lose-lose not
only are they not building them in
America they're still building them in
China they won't even let us buy them
because the tariffs are so high they
can't import them back into the country
but since Trump as usual didn't
his homework all he had to do was ask
someone he's the president he has
thousands of people at his disposal he
doesn't care about the facts he wants to
brag he wants to make it seem like his
trade policy is popular and that it's
working and it is not working it is not
popular instead as usual he embarrassed
himself by getting every fact wrong two
easy ways for the Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
