jurors and Bill Cosby's sexual assault
case started their second day of
deliberations today after a bizarrely
short six minute presentation from the
defense now the jury will decide whether
Cosby is guilty of three counts of
aggravated indecent assault each of
which carries a possible 10-year
sentence now today they went back to the
judge and asked for questions some of
which they asked him to repeat parts of
Cosby statements to authorities and ask
the court to define the phrase without
her knowledge in one of the charges
against him obviously are we talking
about consent there now just for a
little bit of background this is the
case of andrea constand who is just one
of about 60 ish women who have come
forward and alleged that Bill Cosby
sexually assaulted them now prosecutors
called 12 witnesses over a week of
testimony and constant was chief among
them and clear and firm terms
she said that Cosby a powerful temple
alum mentored her and took an interest
in her career like a father figure now
constant who is a former Temple
University women's basketball staffer
who says Cosby took advantage of his
role as her mentor and slipped her pills
that left her frozen and unable to stop
him from touching her breasts and
genitals in fact she mentioned a quote
that he said when he was doing so saying
that put them down they're your friends
they will take the edge off now these
are her friends and that they will take
the edge off no defense attorneys argued
that these sexual contact was part of a
consenting relationship between Cosby
and constant even though Cosby has
admitted to giving her pills but said
there were three benadryl not anything
that was any more effective or a regular
sort of rape drugs that were used to
seeing the Cosby defense presentation
was certainly fast like I mentioned the
beginning there was one witness a police
detective who was on the stand for a
total of six minutes which is obviously
a very sharp contrast to the five days
that the prosecution took for their
presentation but I want to call to light
something
that I think a lot of the media is
missing in this so when all of these
headlines came out they're like oh their
defense was only five minutes six
minutes and then they said that they
rested and that was really the focus
here but I want a call to attention
something that they said in their
closing that that his lawyer said in his
closing argument saying that Cosby was a
flawed man and unfaithful husband but
also a brilliant comedian who not only
taught us how to smile but how to love
each other no matter what we look like
which to me is just so absolutely
disturbing to use that as some sort of
okay maybe he did some you know effed up
shit but he made us laugh guys
he brought love to televisions I mean
like in real life total views of shit
but he made us laugh so whatever he
raped a woman that's basically what
they're saying which is so unbelievably
messed up and that's really what they
pinned their entire argument on was
showing that he was a good guy and not
showing and not using other people to
sort of as witnesses to sort of defend
his actions but just saying oh but he's
like come on you've seen him on TV
he likes jello how could somebody who
likes jello yes in ghost ad yeah I have
a problem with my mr. mcmoneagle
oh yeah that's attorneys general
description of events because the way he
speaks it's almost as if to totally
misunderstand how a victim would react
under the fact and it's a lot of it does
sound like victim blaming like why would
it why would you still be in contact
with him it it preys on a key
misunderstanding of how a victims
mindset could be after the traumatic
event after this and it it's gross to me
how how dirty you would have to play to
like mischaracterize that yeah I
actually don't think it's a
misunderstanding I actually think it was
very purposeful I think it was very like
a lot of the times in
rape cases they will try to make the
witness or make the victim look like
they're unstable or that they wanted it
right and so they're saying that it was
consensual even though he's admitted to
giving her pills and like not that this
would you know has too much weight but
she's a lesbian
so like UK it's very difficult to prove
that it's consensual well even if you
call I'm sorry John but benadryl you
know your little friend and it's not
which don't it don't do that but also if
it's not the a hard rape drug per se
what is the point of benadryl Cosby use
benadryl to make him sleepy it's there
to make you sleepy I yeah I I don't see
how that's incredibly different from the
point of that might be little bit weaker
but it's still the same like if you're
gonna say it wasn't the really bad drug
that he would have theoretically used to
make her sleep he used this other one
that makes you sleepy I would have I
would have gone with a different
direction in that and yeah so I mean it
seems like that sort of defense is
pretty common in cases like this where
they're basically hoping like please
just think he's a good guy think that
she's clearly you don't know her you
know him you grew up with him he's
probably not lying right you know her
she's kind of shifty she maybe just is
in this for the TV and they're hoping
that people will will buy that it seems
like a weak defense though when you
consider that those jurors have got to
be aware of the fact that if not
literally behind her fifty nine or so
other women who are saying that he's
done the same thing or possibly even
worse at that point I think that's
simply saying he's a reputable guy he
couldn't have done the things that you
think he did or that they're saying he
did that that doesn't hold up when
you've got literally scores of women
claiming that he's done some sort of us
all yeah so I have two points that I
want to comment on that the first being
that even when the media is talking
about this and they don't think this is
on purpose but they're trying honestly
they're trying to like the Saurus the
way that they're talking about Cosby so
they'll be like sweater wearing
America's dad and still really painting
him like I was reading
these articles I don't remember if it
was a CNN or something like that but one
of them said like look sweater wearing
like America's dad like no you still
can't paint him in this positive light
because that's going to influence the
way that people look at it and then I
think the other point that you bring up
when talking about how oh she's probably
in this till I get TV time or be in the
limelight I think anybody whether they
be you know woman or man who has
experienced any sort of sexual assault I
they know that there's no way that they
would voluntarily anybody would
voluntarily go under the scrutiny of
having to deal with one of these cases
I'm saying they're saying she I'm not
saying I'm just saying for people who
are maybe saying that oh she wants her
in 15 minutes whatever like they are
dragging this woman and she is so
unbelievably brave to go stand up for
those sixtyish women they're behind her
and so I really applaud her for doing
that because I can't even imagine how
difficult this must be that must been
her dealing with that in the first place
dealing with years of having to know
that that happened and having that in
the scars of that and then now having to
testify against sweater-wearing
America's dad
yeah pill-popping America's creepy uncle
yeah that's what they should change it
I think I'm it's fair you get to
describe him right that's what the media
says yeah I think it's true Young Turks
membership creates independent media
believe me no ads believe me all the
show believe me on demand believe me
support independent media believe me
it's awesome
tremendous you'll love it believe me and
by the end you'll be thinking you know
I'm like a smart person TYT Network comm
/join
