this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm hurricane Florence is
quickly approaching the Carolinas and of
course there are many questions about
what is being done on a federal
government level to prepare for this
storm there are some forecasts
indicating that it could be a category
four storm and so as a result Trump did
make a statement about the preparedness
of the the government and his statements
were stupid so let's take a look we're
as ready as anybody has ever been
again they haven't seen anything like
what's coming at us in 25 30 years maybe
ever it's tremendously big and
tremendously wet tremendous amounts of
water it could very well be very similar
to Texas in the sense that it's
tremendous amounts of water so yeah that
so that happened
yes hurricanes have tremendous amounts
of water that's kind of how they work
and yes they are tremendously wet who
looks at that and is not embarrassed
remember when he said about Puerto Rico
because he has nothing intelligent to
say during the hurricane down there he
was like Puerto Rico's an island
surrounded by water ocean water lots of
ocean water yeah that's usually how
islands work I can't believe people look
at that and go oh yeah that guy's really
smart what happened asleep wit what
happened to the country and what
happened to our standards like what
happened to our standards I want the
president to sound at least sound
smarter than anyone here yet they made
fun of Obama because there
oh he pronounces Pakistan correctly when
he says Pakistan oh he went to Harvard
Law elitist can we please have one of
those guys back ok I mean she said the
hurricane is tremendously what he
emphasized the word wet the way that
someone would emphasize a really really
smart point like I am going to emphasize
this because it's smart and I want
everyone to know that I thought of this
well that's we did that's because you
know I'm like a smart person now
remember these are these are amazing
times because he really thinks that
these are revelations I remember when he
bragged that he made up the word fake
that's in the dictionary he's a remember
when I started saying fake news and I
started saying the word fake and nobody
said that before then he came out he was
president and he couldn't get health
care passed thank God his version of the
bill and and then he's like no one knew
healthcare was complicated no we all
knew healthcare was complicated we all
knew it was incredibly complicated in
this crazy private health insurance
system that we had yeah hold on
something I've been meaning to say about
that it's been a long time the reason
why he didn't know that health care is
complicated is because he's never had to
think about it he's never had to worry
about what it's like to not have the
resources to cover an ailment he's never
had to worry about it he's never had to
sit down with a representative from a
private health insurance company and try
to decipher what co-pays are what
premiums are what is covered what isn't
covered what's a PPO what's an HIV he
doesn't care he doesn't care
he'll homeboy can go break up six
different times and people in America
still think he's a freaking genius okay
so one more thing that we got more of
his genius in a sec so this is what a
bad book report looks like now if you
didn't read the book and I've been there
brothers and sisters
okay so now a person who's done his
homework would say man I really care
about South Carolina North Carolina
Virginia and Trump you know all he cares
about is his own voters because it
affects
and those are his voters he should care
a lot about the Carolinas etc right but
you would do a little bit of homework
here you would say hey here's the number
of FEMA responders we're gonna send down
there and you talk about the number of
trucks and supplies etc but he doesn't
read doesn't care never does his
homework so he's like okay I will fill
up the time by telling you things you
didn't know like that hurricanes are
tremendously wet it's a tremendously big
and tremendously wet okay that's like
doing a book report on Jackie Robinson
it's a hurricane it's not porn
like just like focus just focus for a
second okay you're the president the
United States there are people that are
concerned about losing electricity
losing their lives if they're not
prepared for this he's a clown of course
I read the book on Jackie Robinson he
played baseball he played it
tremendously he was tremendously Jackie
and also tremendously Robinson okay so
one of trumps one of trumps many
failures was how he handled Hurricane
Maria in Puerto Rico now as we had
reported a few weeks back as nearly
3,000 people lost their lives
those were the updated numbers that we
had talked about and Trump is still
under the impression that he's done a
fantastic job in the relief efforts and
the response to Hurricane Maria in fact
he wanted to emphasize that again in the
same press conference
oh I think Puerto Rico is incredibly
successful Puerto Rico was actually our
toughest one of all because it's an
island I actually think it was one of
the best jobs that's ever been done with
respect to what this is all about and
the problem with Puerto Rico is their
electric grid and their electric
generating plant was dead before the
storms ever hit it was in very bad shape
that was in bankruptcy had no money the
job that FEMA and law enforcement and
everybody did working along with the
governor in Puerto Rico I think was
tremendous I think that Puerto Rico was
an incredible unsung success Texas we
had been given a pluses for Florida
we've been given a pluses for I think in
a certain way the best job we did was
Puerto Rico but nobody would understand
that we've gotten a lot of receptivity a
lot of thanks for the job we've done in
Puerto Rico Wow
more people died in that hurricane than
died in Hurricane Katrina and and that
was considered one of the worst moments
of george w bush's presidency rightfully
so and but this guy this monster is so
self-obsessed the question was what did
you learn from Puerto Rico the correct
answer even if you wanted to be
political would be to say well look we
learned some lessons from Puerto Rico
and what we want to do is have the
responders in place first and you know
and talk around just a couple of data
points from Puerto Rico which could help
you in South Carolina instead we got
eight pluses in Florida and you know
when he said eight plus in Texas and
then he went to Florida and I thought
maybe he's gonna say an a-minus like
just a tiny bit of humility
no no everything's at eight plus and it
and Puerto Rico which was an
unbelievable disaster they bungled it
the worst part of it is that most of
those people died after the storm we
could have done something to save them
but this knucklehead doesn't care about
them in fact in the middle of that
answer he blamed him well they were
already bankrupt and they had no money
down there and and so you know instead
hey a man I really wish were gonna help
them more I wish we could have done this
or that no was an unsung success a lot
of people are giving us credit for who's
giving you credit outside of Lou Dobbs
has shown Hannity you monster who brags
who brags about over 2,900 people dead
on his watch he has no conscience
he has no empathy whatsoever that is
what defines a sociopath and sometimes
it's funny he said it again well were
Toriko was the worst because it was an
island oh and and then other times it's
just tragic so people living in North
Carolina South Carolina Virginia now I
hope that other people in the
administration are competent because you
are not gonna get any kind of competence
out of your president god help you as
that storm is bearing down on you
hopefully as Bob Woodward reported and
the guy who wrote the op-ed that there
are people inside the administration not
listening to Donald Trump now and
actually getting prepared and maybe help
you save your lives
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
