on yesterday's show we talked about this
rapidly brewing narrative
that may be the Special Counsel robert
muller maybe needs to be fired and
that's sort of i thought came out of
nowhere considering all the compliments
that had been thrown Muller's way that
all of a sudden you had all these
right-wingers including a newt gingrich
and others saying all really shady
though don't listen to what i said
before don't trust my lying tweets he
might need to go and what do you know
yesterday just a couple of hours after
our initial coverage of that suddenly
from a trump friend
sounds like Muller might not be long for
this investigation you're gonna see in
this video
believe that the president is seriously
considering getting rid of Bob Muller
and why do you think that I think it's a
consideration the president has had
because Muller is illegitimate of
special counsel Chris remember there is
no evidence of wrongdoing there's no
evidence of collusion there's no
evidence of obstruction I don't
understand what this newfound
disparagement is about uh I have noted
for Bob he just said he's illegitimate
as Special Counsel that's not nice
correct correct but I said it the man
yes I'm saying as a man I think he did a
great job yeah as a man he's great but
get rid of his ass is illegitimate
well who's speaking that if not the man
himself and so there's apparently a
close friend and occasional center owner
Donald Trump he's considering it and uh
the the response from the White House
was sort of a non-denial denial and
Rosenstein he testified earlier today
was asked whether he has confidence in
uh in Muller's uh integrity in his
investigation he said yes the fault
question was does the president uh
confidence them
I don't know well that's not a good sign
that's James worry about that and so
that gets a little bit suspicious but
it's interesting that's been sort of
backed up by some other Republicans so
in this next video you're gonna see a
Paul Ryan blaming not all the
Republicans that are now bad-mouthing
Muller but the media for this whole
thing
why yeah I mean all I've heard so much
are rumors but I think in the best case
for the president is to be vindicated by
allowing this investigation to go on
thrilling independently so I think the
best advice would be to let Robert
Muller do his job listen there's no
debate that's going on here you're
saying this yeah this is I heard this is
like a rumor you heard last night so
there's really not some big debate
that's occurring on this you're creating
like I said Kevin just met it you're
creating a debate that's not occurring
here this is something that I think was
a rumor that came out last night so we
are focused on solving people's problems
what I think the American people want to
know is that their governments working
we would like oh that and I look more to
the days when it does there so you know
you're dealing with a prepared talking
point when they say the exact same words
three times in a row there so it's not
you know all these newfound Republican
critics it's not Newt Gingrich is a
friend of Trump saying that he's
considering a dismissing or firing
Muller it's all on the media which was
undercut slightly by I would have to say
one of the most respectable politicians
on the Republican side let's take a look
at this I had no idea how dirty this
mess was involving come--and molar over
the years and call me manipulated
through this linking to get a special
counsel when we don't need one we know
now for sure there is no collusion
between this administration and Russia
let's at least stop that facade let's
stop that distraction Louie get rid of
Muller what amazes Ernie he created all
kinds of problem get rid of them he's
dirty he's caused all kinds of problem
what I couldn't tell you what he's done
other than the fact he's hired some
people he's caused all these problems of
he's up in a room with a desk somewhere
I have no idea what he's doing I don't
think you do either gotten so blatant
he's got all kinds of problems for this
president and his administration he's
disrupting all the things they're trying
to do without anyone finding out what
does he like some kind of special
process investigator who hired this guy
somebody getting rid of him you know
he's about disrupt everything that we're
trying to do here yeah yeah now look so
a lot of people very worried that
theoretically Trump might take what
should be an unthinkable step in firing
the special counsel that's investigating
him right now for obstruction of justice
thereby committing obstruction of
justice to stop the investigation into
obstruction of justice it's justice
section I've termed it I'm actually
mostly surprised to find out that Louie
Gohmert is a Pulitzer prize-winning
journalist who keeps revenues things up
in the media you know he has on show
that's true all right he has a podcast
you know he's against for the network
about yeah
yeah and uh look it would be I think as
a lot of people pointed out it would be
it should be unthinkable if he were to
fire him a president cannot shut down
investigations into his own illegal
behavior I think most people get how
terrible that would be that that's
obviously grounds frumpy try that point
whether could ever happen under the
Republican Congress obviously is a
different question uh but think about
that like first of all how much must he
be hiding if he's willing to do
something that theoretically might be
unconstitutional in shutting this down
to stop the investigation you do not
take those steps if you have nothing to
hide but then again to fill the people
who theoretically don't care about this
investigation
you know the sorts of crimes he's
committing in terms of corruption the
massive amounts of money that he's ready
to hand off to his real estate buddies
amongst others federal contractors and
all that what's gonna happen if we try
to investigate wrongdoing there is he
gonna fire those special investigators
uh I think this would be setting an
incredibly dangerous precedent a legal
precedent he's on person sakes
doing this wouldn't look horrible let me
just like if I reverse combing is just
to double it up and to see this is a
pattern for how he gets out of things uh
he would miss that completely you would
think yes uh now supposedly Rosen Stein
who would be the person with the legal
authority to fire Muller said this
morning is testimony that he wouldn't do
that unless there was good cause but
also thereby by saying that says that
theoretically if there was good cause we
might have to fire him which I guess
that makes sense
but what is the good cause that would uh
justify shutting down this investigation
they've come up with all these arguments
that theoretically someone he hired
seven years ago ten years ago donated
three thousand dollars to a Democrat I
got news for you any DC lawyer has
contributed to one of the two parties if
a contribution uh makes it invalid that
you could be involved this investigation
you'll never have an investigation and
back when Ken Starr was investigating uh
Bill Clinton's behavior uh those guys
had donated to Republicans I don't
remember a lot of these guys raising
issues with that then and there are a
hundred they were around back then to
raise those objections if they had them
there on that they didn't what's in TYT
membership not going to tell you only
one way to find out tea white tea
network.com slash join
