Kamel Harris had a great interaction
with Jeff Sessions where she like others
was trying to break through this
ridiculous legal fiction that he had
created to stop himself from having to
reveal conversations he's had with
Donald Trump but she did it particularly
well and you could see how it was
influencing Jeff Sessions in real time
let's roll video 8 now did you have any
communications with Russian officials
for any reason during the campaign that
have not been disclosed in public or to
this committee I don't recall it but I
have to tell you I cannot testify to
what was said as we were standing at the
Republican convention before the podium
where us oh not on your session I don't
have the detail memory of that okay as I
might to your knowledge did you have any
communication with any Russian
businessmen or any Russian nationals
I don't believe I had any conversation
with Russian business men or Russian
nationals are you aware although a lot
of people were at the convention it's
conceivable it somebody there I haven't
know just a few let me qualify if you
don't qualify you'll accuse me of lying
so I need to be correct as best I can I
want you to be I'm not able to be rushed
this fast it makes me nervous don't you
huh I wish you again so this is this is
public year this is okay I don't want to
assume so but this is a sworn testimony
he's having front of Congress so think
of it like court you go and put your
hand on the Bible you raise your right
hand and you swear that you're going to
tell the truth so I just wanted to you
to imagine a 2-bit a accused criminal
going from the judge and jury or whoever
is deciding his fate and then for the
whole time he's asked questions by the
prosecutor you get he goes I mean not to
my knowledge I mean I mean I live in the
area and I was near the convenience
store I've been in there before but I
can't tell you I'm night of May 13th if
I was action there at six to seven
o'clock when the crime took place maybe
I was and you just keep talking they're
gonna go shut up and this is the
question yeah but if someone else
doesn't
hey that's not that's not much that's
not what I was asking you suddenly it's
it's it's rude to step in and ask that
the question get answered because we we
have to respect certain people who are
just as potentially corrupt and and
nefarious as these two-bit criminals
that were a block away immediately yeah
they would be pissed at you and the
police in your hypothetical don't have a
five minute limit on how much they can
talk which means go on and on there's a
lot of senators but the time limits just
don't make any sense to me but I want to
move on to this next section because my
teas to that video is actually incorrect
but here is where they're going to get
into if you're going to say that
theoretically the president can assert
executive privilege later on so you get
to by proxy do it now without actually
doing it if you're going to use this
argument that we've never heard before
why don't you actually bring any
supporting information about it and like
in a video we showed you last week
things are gonna get a little bit testy
and there's going to be an attempt to
Shusher can you tell us what policy it
is you're talking about well I think
most cabinet people as the witnesses are
you had before you earlier those
individuals declined to comment because
we're all about conversations with the
president so I'm just launching your
policy that goes beyond just the
attorney general is that policy in
writing somewhere I think so so did you
not consult it before you came before
this committee knowing we would ask you
questions well we we talked about the
policy is that it would be shown to you
the policy is based on the principle
that the president so I'm not asking
about the principle I'm asking money
these questions and you would rely on
that policy did you not ask your staff
to show you the policy that would be the
basis for you refusing to answer John
Wester should be allowed to answer the
question senators will allow chair to
control the hearing senator Harris let
him answer please oh thank you we talked
about it and we talked about the real
principle that's at stake is one that I
have some appreciation for is having
spent 15 years
Department of Justice 12 is United
States Attorney and that principle is
that the Constitution provides the head
of the executive branch certain
privileges and that members one of them
is confidentiality of communications and
it is improper for agents of any
Department of any departments in the
executive branch to waive that privilege
without a clear approval challenge the
president I have asked that's the
situation you're in right yes or no did
you ask no the answer is yes I consulted
senator Steinberg ATandT the new quorum
yes I consulted with my staff about how
not answered these questions and they
told me to fill of us there because the
people who are going to be asking me
these tough questions will he'll have a
short time limit to do so so if I talk
as much possible I can maybe get out of
here with my neck what you don't
understand it's the principle of the
thing it's the principle yeah he kept
returning to that he consulted about you
know okay here's our defense
tell me about it tell me what I got and
then they said okay so when a somebody
asks you for specifics just pull your
pockets out you got nothing you got
nothing because it doesn't exist not the
principle the thing the principles that
you donate to the damn question
but here's the thing he is doing all of
this smoke and mirrors to to resist
having to answer a couple of incredibly
simple questions but the cool thing is
that in trying to not answer the
questions we know what the answer is for
instance one of the questions that kept
coming up is in your conversations with
Donald Trump did he ever talk about
Comey and the Russian investigation well
I can't answer anything about a
conversation with the president know if
it was know you'd say it because it
would help you at that point obviously
would help you it would help Donald
Trump the only case in which you don't
answer that question is because yes
obviously Donald Trump did talk to you
about it it was clear from you that he
was trying to pressure Comey when he
asked you to leave the room before those
private conversations with the former
head of the FBI and you left the room
you were willing to do that you knew
what was going on you devious little
gobbler
the man you knew what you were doing and
now you're trying to evade any
responsibility for it and hopefully
smart people watching his testimony and
reading about it later on can see
through the BS and know that that is the
truth yeah I was I was doing what I was
told by the president and that's a bad
answer yeah but that's the truth exactly
yeah yeah I was following orders never a
good answer to a question about immoral
or unethical behavior by the way one
more thing when talking about the firing
of James Comey
uh and the fact that it uh looks like
pretty clearly violated his pledge to
recuse himself from this matter his
defense was it wasn't about that it was
about Demi males though that uh we
didn't like the way he handled the
situation with Hillary Clinton before
the election so he had to be fired as a
result of that now thankfully as a lot
of people have pointed out that directly
contradicts not just reality but Jeff
Sessions himself in previous statements
he's made uh so he said this back uh
last fall in response to a question from
Lou Dobbs about his handling of the
Hillary Clinton situation Jeff Sessions
said this about Comey Comey has done
what his duty is I think he's got
evidence to go forward now with further
criminal investigation he has no other
responsibility than to follow that and
then tell the American people what he's
doing
and that's just one statement he's made
two or three statements where he said
yeah his handling of the situation was
perfectly fine that's one of the reasons
theoretically he might stay on as head
of the FBI but then the situation
changed not having to do with Hillary
Clinton's emails but having to do with
Russia and that we know that that
eventually ended up causing doesn't make
any sense what reason would you have to
go back and talk about emails from
somebody you be that you're mad that he
revealed something about a possible
investing no obvious is how it is you
know that more than likely help to at
least a little bit in the closing days
of the election nobody buys that as I
celebrated as I was hoping
exactly he's either lying or he is the
only person on the planet who genuinely
believes that I think that the lying is
a little bit more likely at this point
what's in TYT membership not going to
tell you only one way to find out tea
white tea network.com /join
