we all know that our economy has left a
great number of American workers behind
that it does not prioritize them that it
is there to serve corporate greed but
the state of our pay is actually even
worse than you might think even worse
than those who are shedding light on it
might think so let's bring up this chart
because I came across this today and it
shows that right now half of all
American workers make less than $20 an
hour now if that's your headline that
should be scary like theoretically half
of the entire country is making less
than $20 an hour I mean punch into any
rent calculator where that lets you live
in America and that's stark half of
America $20 per hour so that's something
but if we were a just America in a just
economy that would mean something far
darker let's bring up this next chart
we're going to see there is the real
value of the minimum wage versus
productivity so you have productivity
shooting up over literally the past 60
plus years and yet the actual value of
your dollar if you're on the minimum
wage is not going up in fact in many
years it's going down when you should be
making two or three times as much by
then let's bring up this next chart you
see there what the minimum wage should
be if it just kept pace with other wages
it would be 11:35 significantly higher
than it is now if it actually kept pace
with productivity which means if people
were being paid for what they were
producing back 2016 it would've been
worth 18 almost $19 some estimates put
it even higher which means that the this
story the headline should not be that
half of all Americans are making less
than $20 an hour is that half of our
goddamn country is on a just minimum
wage if it simply had kept pace with
inflation now not considering anything
else the fact that theoretically we
should be doing better over time not
just keeping pace half of our country is
on a just minimum wage Wow crazy so have
four countries making what teenagers at
McDonald's should be making I should be
making yeah keep going with because
there's lots of jobs at a minimum wage
it isn't just McDonald's one and lots of
people doing them
that are not 15 16 year-olds that are
just getting a width of 1 16 year-olds
absolutely so I saw a friend of mine I
think there was an Instagram post where
she discovered this is just la the
median rate of rent in Los Angeles it's
a huge huge City is 11,000 over $11,000
a month for rent and we're going to eat
of course
no no month because of the average of
how many costs of living in this city if
you drive through the nice parts of
Tanya like oh people may with Oh as you
go to the beach a yeah you're like oh oh
I wonder how much that place for rent is
that where this beach house is if you
look at the average so there's so many
little lower but then some of it is so
high the median is $11,000 a month for
rent
yeah so think about the people who of
course everyone's not living in but
that's just the middle so how much you
have to make to support that as it as
plenty of adults how do you pull that
off you don't have your five six year
olds work like why are you contributing
to the house it's it's a it's a place to
be in where you'd have nowhere to turn
yeah I understand yes again this is La
one of the most expensive cities in the
world I understand that but um the
amount that people get paid it's also
comparable I mean you see the cost of
living in other cities it's probably
just the same feel for how much you have
coming in for how much if - you put up
that's just for rent know my food later
and then after that health shoes clothes
I mean there's this stuff isn't cheap
I got a cheap place to buy stuff for my
kid that shit is not cheap yeah it's not
actually better that's totally true can
we go back to graphic 18 that first
chart there's something else here that I
thought is a little bit scary so you're
seeing there I know that you could
screenshot this if you want you're
seeing the percentage of the population
that makes at least that much money as
you go from left right you make more
money and so I mean once you get into
$40 an hour you're at like three percent
of the population maybe four or five
percent of the population makes more
than that $40 an hour I mean we're not
talking about own your own Island way
at that point we're talking about
adjusted for inflation you know a good
solid hard-working full-time job back
you know 40 50 years and so like in this
we're focusing on the fact that those
who don't make a ton of money or be left
behind but we're all getting left behind
and when those at the bottom are making
so little it makes it easier for those
who set these wages to justify paying
people in the so-called middle class
even left even less as well I'm three or
four percent of the population is making
more than theoretically the vast
majority we are could think about the
productivity gains think about
absolutely the modernization of the
information economy computers robots all
that we can produce so much more than we
used to and we're effectively at best
arguably treading water with the 1950s
that is insane it's one of those things
when it comes to productivity and the
fact that productivity is still up that
rate-based comparable to how badly we
pay employees in this country it
actually is somehow still works out
because there's there's a lot of studies
and I can't quote them because I
remember talking about it in high school
in college yeah about how if you just
treat your workers in a certain way the
productivity you get back from them is
so exponential they're excited to come
to work they sleep well
they don't have migraines and stress
about how they're gonna eat the next
meal they eat breakfast they come to
work and you actually get good
productivity out and you benefit from it
it's crazy how the concept of treating
people like humans works for you yeah
instead of treating like garbage which
apparently still works because you can
still get productivity goes where it is
now yeah we call American workers a lot
of times always lazy or do that how dare
you make seven dollars an hour you lazy
bum and then that force people think
they have to do even more for nothing
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network dot-com /join
