was reading this great book today it's
got a great calm title it's called
corporate con job
how the mainstream media aids the
oligarchy now you're an aggressive
progressive fan you know exactly how
that works
how the mainstream media goes from being
the watchdog of the powerful to the
guard dog of the powerful to the attack
dog he saw it firsthand so I just read
the first chapter and fantastic by the
way it's exciting to relive that time
and so you talk about when you saw
Bernie in New York City and what was
that like yeah I mean I'm not old enough
but I was kind of like Woodstock without
the drugs there were actually were some
drugs but it was Washington Square Park
very conservative numbers 27,000 but
bigger a lot of people said there was
40,000 with people outside the park and
yeah it was it was surprisingly not just
angry old and white young old white
black Latino Asian you name it and there
was a real to me that day was like the
first day like there was that like Hope
in the air but it wasn't like that Obama
bullshit hope it was like hope hope it
was actual and it was really a special
night and it kind of you know I'm a
journalist so I try not to get my
emotions in but I'm human so like I was
overcome and the next morning I turned
on CNN oh it's ozone yeah so tell us you
elaborate really well in the book about
so you were there you saw firsthand the
coming together of all kind of people
people who were actually committed they
knew Bernie's policies it wasn't about
personality it wasn't people come it was
they were coming out for the right
reasons and then you saw how the
mainstream news media covered that same
event how did they do it well Carol
Costello on CNN said well you know it
was mostly NYU students and Occupy Wall
Street people and I was like I was like
stunned because number one to CNN have
some like revolutionary instapoll that
you could just go through 30,000 people
I like there there oboes from occupy or
hippies from NYU and secondly she wasn't
there but this I say in the book like
this was the first of many you want to
say Kellyanne Conway's alternative facts
alternative facts because it was 27 to
40,000 it was young old wait
yeah maybe some NYU students but it was
the corporate media in their ivory tower
in New York in DC these people do not
get out to speak with actual people and
progressives they bring on pundits who
basically are in business with the same
for oligarchy keeping you down so I in
Chapter one it's all about how the
corporate media basically burned ve RN
Bernie and I I really try in the book to
give you behind the scenes I do name
names Jake Tapper I have an email in
there that Jake sent me wanting to talk
off the record I as I go in the book I'm
releasing a chapter by chapter instead
of one finished product I don't have
time to like write a full book right now
I'm John Walsh is in their joy read
obviously standing rock I'm doing two a
couple chapters on Flint is Chicago
we're going to talk about you and me
having martinis in Cleveland at the RNC
and I hope people I hope people will
read it and share it it's kind of like a
pay whatever you want per chapter and
it's exciting for me because I need hope
too so I've been watching a lot of the
old videos and like reliving the moments
you mean the old videos of Bernie and
stuff like that yeah well you know
they're the mainstream media and not
only you know aids the old darky I mean
in many cases they are the only Guardian
meaning you know they're the plutocrats
they're the people with all the money I
mean how are we supposed to get the news
when the guy who owns the news of paper
of note the Washington Post is worth 80
billion dollars are we really we really
want 80 billionaires I'm sure he he
doesn't have an agenda the 80
billionaire I'm sure he wants everything
it's good for working people and that's
the paper of note America so it's
completely corrupted and then they hire
people and pay them into the plutocracy
like you know how much people make at
MSNBC for even and that's just a cable
station and they're making $30,000 a day
it's real easy to get you to go along
with the oleg arcs if they give you a
third but I would do it if you give me
30,000
hey I wouldn't say whatever you fuckin
wet last night is a perfect example yeah
it's not the US but the UK there's a
progressive uprising in the UK I turn on
the TV to try to find the results
anything and all I have is the
play-by-play of James code James Comey
spit his tweet everything from that day
there is zero mention of a progressive
candidate that the media in the UK and
America declared dead no invoice
basically causing a hung parliament so
that's just one example I just
interviewed neither Turner
she had an example she was on CNN the
other day she's talking about the people
went don't care about Russia it was like
you stole their Christmas tree ask their
faces went like pale so yes they are
part of the oligarchy I'm actually
writing to chuck the Trump chapter right
now and I'm not writing it from how
every of everybody else in the media
rides it I'm explaining how the
corporate media welfare industrial
complex delivered Trump because you have
Viacom you have General Electric Comcast
all these all these mega
multibillion-dollar conglomerates that
seize control of the media partially
because of our friend Bill Clinton in
1996 the telecom regulation and they
basically les Moonves of CBS oedipus
Donald Trump is terrible for America but
he's great for CBS so they brought you
Trump
it wasn't me it wasn't Jimmy was Hillary
Clinton too but so the book kind of
talks about the business things because
you can't just take on the politicians
if you don't know the other forces
against you which is the media
yes so you're talking about how it's so
funny you bring a sub because in the cab
on the way here today we were talking
with the cab driver about how not only
did the Democrats meeting Hillary
Clinton prop up Trump meeting with the
Pied Piper and then their minions who
just our sonographer Zinn the news media
even the left news media dis repeated
what she wanted to have said so they
elevated Trump but they made Trump a
star for years he was a birther right
going around
and we're in a racist way hounding our
president nBC gave him a frickin show
and NBC propped him up there like at
school if your birthday it's a cool if
you are racist against the pret don't
worry about it we'll give you a tough
national television show because you get
views and but then when when he becomes
president they'd fun to fingered and
we've heard that recording by les
Moonves who said exactly what you said
that's why it's so exciting to read your
book because we really do live in an old
gar key that's not us making it up
that's Paul Krugman the biggest Hillary
supporter in the world will freely admit
that we live in an oligarchy and now we
know because of the Cambridge study that
that's been proven
academically that we do so this book is
a lot of fun where can people go to read
the book yeah so I'm releasing a chapter
by chapter go to truth against the
Machine calm I have a tab for corporate
con job the introduction the chapter one
is out right now I'm working on the
trunk chapter the final chapter will be
inside who Jimmy Dore is so be prepared
for that that's going to be that's going
to be big and my goal is to put it all
together at the end as a traditional
book but I just wanted to get it out now
so I'm doing it in real time
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens as a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
