so former FBI director James Comey
testified in front of the Senate Select
Committee and before America last week
and it turned out his ratings are gold
now roughly nineteen point five million
Americans tuned in on Thursday even
though the testimony was at 10 a.m.
Eastern time 7 a.m.
Western now to just put some of those
numbers into context for you that is
about the same number of people who
watched Game two of this week's NBA
Finals between the Golden State Warriors
and Cleveland Cavaliers now the
viewership figure released on Friday by
the television tracking firm Nielsen did
not include statistics for PBS c-span or
the Fox Broadcasting affiliates that
carried the hearing live so obviously
this number is a lot bigger than we're
reporting right now nor did it include
streaming platforms or those who
congregated at viewing parties which
apparently was a very large percentage
because apparently testimonies are our
new Super Bowl Twitter and Bloomberg
News also said that their joint
livestream reached an average of one
hundred and twenty-nine thousand viewers
a minute which is insane but Trump still
gets bragging rights when it comes to
ratings because in his inauguration
brought in thirty point six million
television viewers now James Comey also
called him a liar then Trump called him
a liar back um but it turns out that
most Americans actually believe what
Comey has to say instead of Trump now
having tempo skew of poll conducted on
June 8 and 9 revealed that 46% of
Americans consider Comey to be more
honest and trustworthy than Trump now on
the other hand only 26 percent believed
Trump to be the more trustworthy one and
there was a slight difference between
political parties their figure that
Republicans were far more in favor of
Trump 58% and chose him as the most more
trustworthy pick while 78% of Democrats
put their trust in Comey so we have a
problem with that
our Americans don't trust our president
but then like it also I mean it didn't
really shift people's I guess like view
of the administration right so 43
percent of those polled said that after
Thursday's hearing even though they
didn't trust our president and they
trusted Comey more after what he was
saying their view of the Trump
administration stayed exactly the same
this is terrifying this is absolutely
terrifying this is one of those
situations in which people get what they
want out of it though you know if you're
already a Trump hater if you already
feel this administration is an
abomination and insult to what this this
country stands for a money grab and
oligarch who has has ascended through
this already
oligarchical machine if you believe that
then it's like yeah look at James Comey
if you think this guy is a successful
businessman who's trying to bring that
success to Washington all he needs is
for people to get off his back and let
him do his thing then you kind of you
call me as this guy is getting in his
way I think this is the country we're
living in now but you're right when you
look at those stark figures it's hard to
believe that everyone isn't on the same
page because so many are you can't trust
President Trump he's demonstrably a liar
we know that well within the same exact
poll there was a majority percentage of
people who also believed that Trump
fired Comey over the Russian thing so
like even though they like want him to
bring business back and bring jobs back
whatever it may be the majority of
people still think that they fired him
over the Russia thing which is still
like whether you're Republican or
Democrat like that's still an
obstruction of justice and I think what
we miss in these numbers right about
ratings and the fact that all of us were
tuned in is that there are a large swath
of the population who was at work right
like me a class folks um where you know
they care but they want to know how this
Comey issue is going to land on the
ground in their everyday lives right so
it's important but I think there is this
kind of disassociation between what's
going on with with Trump and Russia and
Comey and the reality
of these trials and my everyday life
I've still got to go to work I've still
got to make ends meet so how how does
this affect me personally everyday you
know whereas the rest of us you know I
watch because I've never seen so many
white men in court you know like this
and now have sessions like this is the
best moment of time I'm gonna keep
watching as long as they keep testifying
I mean the thing is is I think there are
a lot of part of portions of what we're
seeing right now with the trouble
administration that do appear to be a
reality a TV but I think this was like
real life I think this kind of brought
everybody down to earth and was like oh
shit like this is actually happening he
has these contemporaneous memos that are
detailing out how effed up our president
is and like he's running our country and
he doesn't know and the excuse that
we're getting from Republicans right now
uh is that oh well this is his first
rodeo guys like give him a break and
that's not an excuse for doing these
sorts of effed up things yeah he did
call the president a liar which is a
grimy nut so that was probably the
crescendo moment it came early on but he
did let me call him a liar and uh and
the other way it's being really spun is
that well this is a disgruntled a guy
because he was fired by this president
so you're here that's the other way I
think the right is spinning it yeah yeah
I mean it's possible and you know he
maybe that's why even though he's like
said in his contemporaneous notes you
know he wasn't fired yet and so he felt
yet Denis he had the the need to take
those so maybe that's that I think
there's one really big positive takeaway
from this in that like so many people
are interested in politics and are
seeing whether they think it's effed up
or they think that he's just gruntled
whoever it may be people are tuning in
and want to pay attention like even when
they can only watch part of it from work
via you know Twitter stream or whatever
it may be people are starting to pay
attention they want to be informed they
want to understand what's going on and
hopefully that motivates people and and
continues the the activation that I
think we've seen from the the
this movement yeah if that if if that
does activate them to become involved in
ways more than just watching this
reality show and it's a net win what I
worry about is other they're watching
this thing it's a they're looking for a
gotcha moment watching TV is fun
especially if they're a bunch of you
know rich white guys on their lion I
mean it's all it plays like a
law-and-order episode or you know but
the problem is there's a lot of other
stuff being done in the back rooms of
Washington or in the front rooms of
Washington's Earl is still a lot of
public land being released for mineral
rights and all the rest Trump is signing
executive orders taking away people's
rights left and right and so I guess I
hope is my point that you're right that
this activates people to be involved
beyond just watching the Comey and
ultimately the sessions testimonies yeah
no there's one more point I want to make
too on on commis trustworthiness and a
lot of people online sort of made this
parallel to and I put out a tweet when I
was watching it because a lot of the
Republicans work why don't you say
something why didn't you tell him this
was wrong why didn't you say stop which
is something that I think a lot of women
face in the workplace when they're
dealing with harassment or something
like that and they deal with that
victim-blaming so he still does even
though he sort of experienced something
similar to that a lot of women
experience in the workplace he still
does have the white male privilege in
that the majority of people still think
he's trustworthy and telling the truth
so yeah that's a great see that's what
you get when you have women on the panel
you got that perspective I think that's
a very good point yeah that why didn't
you say no yeah sure yeah that's a and
obviously and his answer is probably
that answer that you know so many people
who would be female victims of sexual or
s murder I was shocked I didn't know
what to you know well anybody was in the
face of power and who doesn't want to
you know lose their job sure so there's
several parallels with sexual harassment
but also racial discrimination that
people of color face in the workplace
that it's irrational right and I think
that that's what we see that's what I
saw when I was watching commis testimony
is that white supremacy racism sexism is
irrational right and that it you often
know how to respond because it's so
ridiculous it's so reckless that your
response is then irrational but instead
of calling into question the
irrationality of of the power structure
you get called into question right and
they go into his credibility right these
are folks who were once in support of
chomi F Comey who are now saying you
know he's crazy and so it does play out
in in in ways that we see racial
discrimination and sexual harassment
cases play out Young Turks now has over
6 billion lifetime views you know who
did that you did that we're now larger
the CNN ABC you name a news network
online were larger than them
and you built all that as everyone
scoffed and didn't believe and here we
are guys thanks to you build in the meta
media together with us at TYT Network
comm slash join
