in an effort to celebrate the start of
Pride Month this June Abercrombie and
Fitch
tweeted out that pride is for everyone
not just the LGBTQ community a sentiment
that was rightfully met with a lot of
backlash now of course this is a quote
from Kayla a merchandiser and then she
adds at the trevor project which is a
collaboration that Abercrombie & Fitch
is doing with the free suicide
prevention hotline for young LGBTQ
people so at least they're kind of doing
something right there now obviously they
got a lot of backlash for that tweet and
then they deleted the tweet and then
responded with two pseudo apology tweets
it says pride is an important time for
the LGBTQ community at ANF we work to
ensure that everyone feels included
respected and empowered hashtag pride
and then they said we are proud to show
commitment to the lgbtq+ community and
to bring awareness to the important work
The Trevor Project does so they just
missed that whole like we're sorry part
but otherwise the sentiment was there
and I think a lot of people that are
responding to this on Twitter are really
calling to attention something really
important here because by saying the
pride community is everybody not just
LGBTQ people they really miss the point
right so pride talks about being proud
to be a part of this community
regardless of sort of the bigotry that
you may face right as being part of that
community so it really is for that now
they're complaining to different issues
here with being proud for being proud to
be a part of that community and then the
other issue as being an ally for that
community now I do think that everybody
can be an ally for that community but
what they basically did here with this
comment from Kayla is sort of apply the
all lives matter argument to the pride
unity and that is messed up so I'm glad
that people called them out I wish they
would have had a better apology but they
are you know trying to do work with the
you know community with El with you know
with their work with Trevor Project so
I'm not I
want to give them credit for that what
do you guys think I think this is what
happens when when corporate interests
supersedes a thoughtful understanding of
an issue we saw this with Pepsi so
although they are supporting the trevor
project
you always have to call into question
the motivation behind this support and
also you know do our research and
examining what other you know
corporations or interests that they they
serve a lot of corporations kind of
simultaneously support organizations
that seem progressive and then
organizations that fund mass
incarceration or other kind of interests
that disproportionately harm communities
of color so Abercrombie has never been
on the right side of issues this is not
their first you know yeah misstep so I'm
I'm just you know suspicious I mean you
said it right of course it's the black
lives matter all lives matter thing all
over again it's just simply that and
after that it's how you backpedal from
it and try to retain some dignity for
your company because it's clearly a grab
of the spotlight which is on this
community which needs the spotlight and
now you're trying to nudge your way in
as a company to turn it for commercial
purposes but it's it's that all over
again it's black lives all lives all
over again yeah I mean the thing is with
these sorts of scenarios there is a
really great opportunity for learning
right that can be had if some if they
had realized their misstep realized that
maybe they maybe Kayla minced her words
maybe she meant that we're all trying to
be allies whatever Kayla meant we don't
know or that you know as John brought up
during the production meeting that maybe
this was just like an intern who didn't
fully understand or whatever it may be
but it's still a great opportunity like
we're sorry this would be messed up but
here's what we actually meant and here
are the ways that we're supporting this
community now we're going to feature all
of our white super skinny models and in
gay relationships whatever it may be
making sort of life or a beach
real dedication I know colorful higher
peace each other that one great or
pretend gay relationships or pretend
people of color we're going to do
something right yeah they should have
made a few more strides to to remedy the
situation I mean it should made a few
more strides to yeah and then from the
outset but it is I mean I'm glad that
people are dragging them for this
because it was a huge misstep whether it
be on a Abercrombie & Fitch shoulders or
whether it be on Kayla's for Kayla it
would really not be fun to be well
before you insert yourself into an issue
make sure you know what you're talking
about yeah by the way it is true just as
an aside I know we will move on but you
know you should run a tweet like that
pass somebody else I mean really sure I
mean the thing is is like you could
there's no way that out of the entire
Abercrombie what does it campus that
there was not somebody on the marketing
team or the social media team who either
is an ally or who is aware or who is a
part of the LGBTQ community that saw
this tweet and was like Matt maybe not a
good idea I never understand how these
things sort of like slip through know
the cracks
you don't like heads well I hear your
brother did you know that you can become
a Young Turks member get the full
two-hour show every day on demand plus
so many other Network shows all ad-free
for just ten bucks a month give it a
shot right now to uit network calm slash
join
