so ice agents have continued their
tirade amongst immigrant communities and
this time they have arrested a teenager
just hours before his prom now this here
is a picture of Diego Ismael Puma ma
Kinsella who is a citizen of Ecuador and
he was arrested at his cousin's home on
Thursday morning now his cousin Gabby
Mackin gsella said a frightened Puma
Mackin Sela came to her apartment
Wednesday night after his mother's
arrest now the following morning she
said they cowered in fear in one of the
bedrooms when they heard agents banging
on the door of her apartment she says
that he's not a criminal he didn't do
anything bad to nobody he was just going
to school working he was trying to make
his dreams come true for him for his
family and for us I don't know why he's
just a kid now the agency said that puma
month aunt Ella is being held at a
Federal Detention Center and he is
pending a deportation
now the school was notified and they're
going to work with attorneys to make
make it so that he can go back to school
and finish up the school year so that he
can graduate but you know this is where
we are right now this is the state of
where we are especially when it comes to
immigration and the way that ice agents
are cracking down on immigration now
immigration arrests are actually up 38%
under Trump but deportations are down
remember they called Obama DePorter in
chief but a 150 percent increase in
these arrests are non criminal so
obviously that's the case here with Puma
so he is not a criminal but you know the
other side would argue that being in the
country legally is criminal bla bla bla
but I think you know when we see all
these people that are being deported and
being arrested by ice agents a lot of
that sort of gets covered by you know
all the craziness that is happening with
the Trump administration with Russia
would call me whatever it may be and it
takes sort of these really sad cases
right you know the high school or before
hours before prom to really drive at
home and have a more
evocative effect for us to remember all
the awful things that ice agents are
essentially doing around the country
well these are cases like this is where
the low-hanging fruit of the immigration
problem you know you know where these
people are they go to school they have
jobs so they're not even really problem
citizens in any way but because you know
where they are they have jobs and going
to school you can round them up which is
what happened here so it's it's oddly
not solving any problems per se so it
doesn't really fall under the banner of
what ice is in essence charged to do by
this administration it's not solving
problems it's actually creating problems
because a lot of the times local police
work with their local immigrant
communities so that they can deal with
the problems from criminal immigrants
right and so it turns out that in this
case that a lot
the local police receive prior
notification that ice would be in the
local area conducting these targeted
enforcement action they didn't really do
anything about it and they didn't sort
of provide that buffer and so they are
losing that trust from this community
and so it's going to create more
problems right so when when local police
don't work with ice agents the you know
that's called the sanctuary community
and those communities are a lot safer
and have less crime than communities who
do not do that agree and I think it does
create a problem in that it undermines
the efficacy of other justice efforts
like you were mentioning just the fact
that under this administration that
there are victims of domestic violence
who are being targeted right that it
that it other I guess aspects of the
justice system cannot operate
effectively if you create this
environment of fear right so it really
is kind of again creating more issues
than it is solving and then also you
know it's increasing the population of
these private prisons that hold these
folks before they are deported which you
know we get profit from so yeah so if
you look at the meta problem of the
and of the immigration issue I guess
what we're saying is you know if you
look at that as a weight on our society
economically or we you know it's it's
done this doesn't solve those problem it
doesn't address those problems it as
Hannah says creates it creates more
problems and so you're taking productive
members of the community understood
they're here illegally undocumented but
you're taking productive members of the
community out it's a so there are many
more issues and I think you're both
right to point out that the the
conjunction of local authorities and
federal authorities has always been
something that's been very important to
this whole issue and it seems as though
that's breaking down a bit as well yeah
I know you're right I mean that this is
almost ending like the wrong mesh like
this kid is going to school and he's
doing exactly what we want people who
come to this country to do is to have
education and be you know great
contributors just a society and so it is
not even it's actually being a detriment
to the problems that we want to fix in
our country and especially people who
are against I guess immigration at all
so it's a detriment to that to take a
kid out of school who could provide some
sort of benefit to society and they
typically do but yeah I'm undocumented
immigrants bolster our economy quite all
of them right so I mean you know outside
of the criminal population that tends to
be the focus of this legislation let's
try to have a productive economy without
immigrants and let's let's look at how
many visas are provided by the u.s.
right and then look at that in relation
to the revenue that is generated the
attacks is and MIA the labor force that
undocumented immigrants provides so if
you are on the side of like being
undocumented is criminal then you need
to take a deeper look a critical look at
how our economy functions yeah now you
make a really good point I think one of
the like cofounders of Google was an
immigrant like there's so many different
people who have contributed so greatly
to our society there were immigrants and
then if we treat them like this we're
gonna lose a huge positive well by the
way and now I'm sorry but I know
move on but I have to just quickly
shoehorn this in economically if you
just want to talk the economics of it
illegal immigrants undocumented
immigrants are the backbone of so many
businesses and they they work in the
shadows they work in the in the kitchens
they work in the fields and now just as
a result of sort of the advertising that
we're going to be tough on immigrants in
this country who are here an
undocumented way there's a bit of
chilling effect and they're having
trouble get staffing up those areas of
the economy that depended again this is
sort of that you want to look at a sort
of a gray economy that's this
undocumented population so this country
faces some issues in specific ways as a
result of this policy and all of a
sudden shaking the trees the way we are
you just watch the video from the young
turks did you know there's a live to our
show every day and if you're a member of
the Young Turks you can get that
on-demand anytime you want without ads
plus the postgame just for members plus
aggressive progresses plus old school
plus so many other Network shows go
right now TYT Network dot-com slash join
