so now we've pretty much outlined the
problem right the problem is corporate
takeover the Democratic Party turned it
back on workers and got in bed with
white-collar so how do we take it back
because right now they're fighting tooth
and nail yeah in fact cheating at every
turn their super-delegates on the
national level we just found out two
weeks ago they're super-delegates on the
local level as far as the California
Democratic Party just installed over the
will of the majority just installed a
literally a pharmaceutical lobbyists who
worked against Bernie last election is
now the chairman of the Democratic Party
in California the biggest health
Democratic organization outside the DNC
so how can we take it back we are going
to lose battles there are going to be
battles that we lose but I firmly
believe that in the end the ideas and
the energy went out I mean there's just
no substitute for having a vision for
the future that's inclusive having a
vision for the future that means that
people can have a seasons of last life
in having a sort of moral character
I mean that's what's really powerful and
I think one of the things that has been
so damaging to the party is we stand up
and we say oh were the party of the
people but then we're picking candidates
based on who can raise the money right
we're picking P and it's not based on
their connection to the community but
based on their connection to the donor
class so that's one of the things that's
really got to change but i maybe i'm
pollyannish in this we've got a fight
we've got a struggle we've got to offer
candidates who have more of a connection
to their community but ultimately I
think the ideas in the energy went out I
hope you're right you know what I've
noticed is a weird thing so I started
really paying attention to politics
during the ronald reagan era and i
always thought that the right-wingers
were very you know sneaky not honest in
their campaigning they would they would
leave out certain parts of information
they would say things like you can't
afford single-payer it's going to cost
you to who's going to pay for this
welfare is bankrupting us stuff like
that you just know internally is wise
right right and now I'm seeing the
corporate Democrats do the same thing
ever since all right so this last
election right to the corporate
Democrats and the Hillary Clinton crowd
did the and they're still doing it so
they're smearing even journalists who
tell the truth about corporate Democrats
like I saw you know that the david brock
people go after Glenn Greenwald online
in a in a disingenuous way like a Doorly
lying so what do you think how can we
fight back against that like first of
all I think there's a couple pieces to
that I think for one
there's this there's this problem where
since you're spending all of your time
fundraising and the people that you're
around we all know we've seen the
polling results rich people have
different views on the economy than the
rest of us they do I mean obviously
there are individual exceptions to that
but overall as a group
rich people are much more conservative
on economic issues they're the ones who
have to say go what the grand bargain
and cut Social Security I mean those
things pull very well among the donor
class so part of it is those are the
people that our politicians are
primarily spending their time with so a
lot of this comes down to we've got to
have grassroots funded it is just we are
never going to have credibility we are
never going to have the kind of bold
economic thinking that we need if we are
not a grassroots funded party because
think of this I know lots of I've lived
in New York I've been in the you know
media circles all of that I know lots of
New York rich people who are lovely
lovely people but they have a vested
interest in the way things all that is
quote in the status quo so the moment
you try to rock the boat too much there
is a big discomfort
they're because they're the bumped yeah
they are the boat and that the other
piece of this I think in terms of how we
came to this place is you're Democrats
felt like in the 90s they've been out in
the wilderness they could win at the
presidential level they were adrift and
then Bill Clinton came in and he was
able to win and then he was able to get
reelected and so without really
assessing why that is or whether that
strategy who employed made sense going
forward everyone was just assumed that
if you are going to be a serious
Democrat who's credible and able to win
elections you have to follow this sort
of corporate business Democrat model and
believe that you need to cut the deficit
and you've gotta you can't do
single-payer and you've got to cut
Social Security and all these things are
part of being a serious taken seriously
as a democratic chair in Beltway circles
that's the problem with big Democrats
wanting to be taken seriously the media
won't solve them serious until they'll
say oh I'm willing to cut Social
Security Medicare right and then you're
like oh he's serious oh he's a serious
Democrat willing to do things that are
bad for the country right I want to I
would I add to what you said though when
you're talking about rich people don't
get it that's included with the anchors
on cable news their executive their
executives and the parent companies that
own our media
I mean I'll say it I don't know anything
about right so if those are the people
that are supposed to be tasked with
informing the public and activating the
public and they they themselves are too
conservative or arrogant well that's a
problem the second thing is I think in
the 90s because Bill Clinton was very
fortunate to hit the tech boom I think
it was that there was asked there was a
very big cloud that distracted from that
inequality kept exploding in the 90s
economic inequality but because there
was the roaring 90s and Bill Clinton got
the credit for that right or wrong the
Democratic Party said oh we need to stay
on this playbook that's a catch let's
wrap your head around the fact that it
was the Democratic Party that ended
welfare the deregulated Wall Street at
the same time democratic party at the
same time as they folded the prison
population yes and took the legs out
from underneath the unions bypassing
NAFTA this is all that stuff that the
Republicans could only this isn't Ronald
Reagan wet dream and it could only be
kept only be carried out by a Democrat
that's because what's remember George
Herbert Walker Bush could not pass a
NAFTA it took a Democrat by the way a
Democrat people forget this too
Bill Clinton such an electoral victor he
never won with the majority of the vote
he won with the plurality because of
wasp Perot
the people don't realize that he ever
got a majority of the vote for Bill
Clinton he's not majority popular just
like Al Gore couldn't win against the
bumbling governor from Texas on the
heels of a great economy a super popular
president still couldn't win because
people were hurting people are still
hurting and now Hillary Clinton tries
the same playbook status quo spring me
I'm going to keep going along the way
things that go things aren't going well
for people yeah people don't understand
that 50% of all wage earners in America
earn less than $30,000 the richest
country in the in the world
so again you start saying we have to get
the funding out in grassroots if there
was only a politician who set a template
for that he'll cool I don't know maybe
got most of his donations $27 and right
maybe the most popular politician in the
country right now the party's not sure
if they want anything to do and they
don't so what does that tell you they'd
rather so they'd rather self-destruct
and keep their corporate cash than win
and so when we say that a Democrats
would rather lose to a Republican than
win with the progressive that's a fact
that's not an opinion because they're
doing it
hey are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats so are we so why not become a
member of the Young Turks and help us
say no to corporate money if you become
a member it helps support shows like the
aggressive progressives who are pissed
off at corporate Democrats go to tea
white tea network.com slash join it's
only $10 a month it helps keep us
independent and keep bringing you the
truth
