I have like this newfound appreciation
for people who do construction because
look it is tedious it is very difficult
to be perfect when you build things but
again like if you have the knowledge you
can turn like the crappiest place into a
frickin palace right and you can and you
can rely on yourself like there's
something so desirable about being able
to rely on myself I hate that I have
look and no disrespect to contractors
out there and all the construction
workers or whatever I hate that I have
to rely on them I hate it I hate it I
hate sometimes I feel like they might be
lying to me about things and
overcharging me for things and whatever
and I'm just like I know I have like the
intelligence to do this on my own to
learn and do this on my own
totally inefficient can't stand it we're
spending too much time on it so to say
last thing I got a financial move on all
my attacks as well so uh but they and
that's why we have division of labor
right and so uh I I'm thrilled when I
pay people for stuff I don't want to do
they want to do it that's why it's
there's a kind of that's why it's their
job right so I pay them they're happy
I'm happy because I don't have to do
that crap like like being suffer line is
preposterous so we don't live in the
goddamn woods we're still as human
beings we can have other people cook our
omelets and build our bathrooms
okay so I'll get self-reliance for me
it's freedom and it's just not for me
super desirable look you know you're
socialized money yeah that's what
self-reliance keeping it real okay all
right which then leads us to the finance
portion of your discussion so I did go
to business school I went to business
school undergrad and you know I dropped
out of the finance class this Wharton is
known for finance but I hated finance
and so the professor Ramaswamy story
where he just kept putting up slide
after slide going OD with me baby idea
baby
and I and I had lost math to the second
slide laughing I am NOT with you baby
and halfway through I had to beg him to
get dropped his class I'm like I'm not
good I can't do this
my brain is not built for this please I
am not with you baby you've got to let
me go okay
switch over labor/management where we
then did negotiations which I loved and
I broke a school record no biggie so
okay so you guys read this to me before
accounting I'm now having to do a lot of
accounting for TYT the business end of
The Young Turks you don't wanna know
about it it is a fucking beast man
uh-huh
the so you know how we always talk about
how I work a lot right any day I see me
on air a lot yadda yadda but that ain't
half of it man the business end of TYT
is monstrous it is a Herculean task to
keep things afloat okay
and part of it is now accounting okay
well but then then that money should
have been accrued over a period of time
so even though you got the money then it
doesn't you actually do have to take it
out of your books then and put it in the
six months before then because fucking
love this kind of stuff I love it I love
it I love I love managing money like
it's just so much fun and it's weird
because I was honestly mentally
challenged in math classes oh yeah yeah
you are right no no but but it's so
crazy because once it comes to money
like I am a fucking whiz that's in
servicio 7:13 sorry
but that's not fair you just like
randomly miss eight times seven no stop
stop don't don't do this to me right now
oh no it's going to continue and I don't
want to play okay but yeah I'm really
bad at math when it doesn't matter but
when it matters I'm very good at it
sure
