so there's a video game that has been
making the news of late because of their
LGBT Pride event the video game is
called runescape and while I am not very
familiar with it John and Kim are the
popular online fantasy game has been
running since 2001 and holds the world
record for the most updated game in the
world having been serviced with regular
updates for more than 15 years it is run
by uk-based production company jag X and
one of the games developers mod Wolff
actually teased that they were going to
be holding this event on Twitter he said
it's an honor to announce a small
holiday event of mine will be coming to
at old-school RS this Thursday to
celebrate pride 2017 and this is
actually not really new to runescape B's
they have featured a number of other
events in recent years dedicated to
important themes including mental health
Animal Protection and preventing online
abuse with very little issue however
when they rolled out this teaser of
doing the LGBT Pride event the reddit
posts were there were some there some
backlash there some negative ones there
some positive one let's talk a little
bit about the negative ones some people
on Twitter were saying things like I
play this game to play this game not to
agree or debate with other people's
sexuality a giant rainbow Gay Pride
holiday event being shoved down my
throat is not acceptable some players
even attempted to start an in-game anti
gay pride riot a riot is a long observed
tradition by which players protest
disliked updates hundreds of people
assembled inside the game repeatedly
posting the slogan we pay no gay that
said there it would you better could you
think of a better catchphrase or really
the best of catch phrases like Yas Queen
if they just consulted they could have
gotten that a little tighter but but
there was some negative stuff there were
a lot of gamers who felt very positively
about this rollout one user said gay
pride is not political it's just a
celebration of basic human rights and
being allowed to love whomever you want
I really don't see too much difference
being anti gay pride and anti gay and
for their part Jagex said pride is about
bringing communities together and
celebrating love and understanding
sentiment that's close to RuneScape's
heart there's no political statement
here our only aim is to acknowledge and
honor an event that promotes empathy
acceptance and love we are disappointed
to see some hateful and abusive comments
targeting individual members of staff
and players from a small subsection of
the commune
we stand side-by-side with those
targeted in support of them and in
support of this cause there's absolutely
no place for hateful behavior in our
community and we will not tolerate abuse
or harassment probably 2017 is something
we wholeheartedly agree with and are
proud to support we know the community
stand with us in support of the cause if
you want to show your support all you
have to do is take part in the event
when it launches I I wanted to read that
full statement because I think that even
though I'm not a gamer myself I think
that gamers can get sort of an unfair
shake of things when it comes to
progress and social issues I think that
it's important to highlight that it's
not the entire gaming world at all by
any means that are that are bigoted in
the sense you know homophobic or you
know anti-feminist anti LGBT I think
it's important to showcase how awesome
it is you know what they're doing now
the the rollout itself does not
explicitly mention LGBT people and Kim I
want to toss it over to you I can't
think of anyone that would know about
gaming more okay what exactly was this
the runescape thing so they have to they
have to gather the mission went yeah
that's a yes there okay you meet one guy
and he says got a bar yeah it goes well
no and he says hey can you help me with
this quest it's essentially your go
you're going to find things across the
world for him and it turns out to be
different parts of a rainbow and at the
end you bring it to him and he says
something really offensive to
sensibilities including what you made me
realize is that people like yourself who
are willing to support those who wish to
show their colors proudly you're the
reason I feel confident showing my
colors I want you to have this you
deserve it and it gives you a scarf a
rainbow star it's lovely
and then you outside of the game become
gay yeah then you are forced to engage
in gay sex
yeah they added a whole image it's
almost nothing I do sex one rainbow and
then this quest yeah it's almost nothing
how do it's tiny I was once
I realized and read about what the
mission was I was so surprised
I mean it's so sort of vague that if I
wasn't really thinking about how its
Pride Month and what I'm doing for Pride
this weekend I probably would have just
been like oh look at this flag that yeah
people don't know I mean rainbow flag is
definitely a symbol of the queer
community but it you know it also is
just so normalized and it looks pretty
and people like rainbows even if they
don't like gay people I mean it's just
so crazily the whatever backlash and I'm
I will admit some of the media coverage
of it that did seem to mischaracterize
the community a lot like you said you
know we need to make it clear this is
some people I don't think you know the
people who over grin overgrown baby men
represent the large group of people who
play games who ardently love games and
support them communities like runescape
old school or runescape 3 and it's it's
something - it's it's definitely I mean
that I think that out the backlash
definitely outweighed what was in here
and then I think in retrospect it's
clear that you know maybe this isn't
something we should have been deciding
it was political because all it was was
I mean if you look at the the text from
Gilbert it's just like hey it's nice
that we all get to be ourselves yeah
it's so cool not to get beat up for who
we are it kind of makes me wonder if
they hadn't sort of hinted that it was
for LGBT pride which I think they
absolutely should be transparent about
that if you support pride if you are an
ally I think it's so important to be
outspoken because we you know if you are
silent then you sort of side with our
oppressors that's my perspective on it
so I think it's important that they were
open about it that said if I didn't know
that this was a pride game it might have
only occurred to me after the fact is
this mission was pride related my
question for you guys since you both are
gamers do you think that them rolling
this out is good for the gaming
community or because they're covering
the backlash it's bad for the gaming
community is that is there easy to come
out on one side of this story I mean the
media is always going to mischaracterize
this sort of thing the people who are
against something are always going to
get more attention one of the reasons
that I think people fight against
changes like this
is because that small group of gamers
just like the small group of people in
the community at large would have
protested any scarf that didn't have a
Pepe the Frog on it like there's some
people that like that's all they can see
is their own prejudices but they see
that things are changing that the
old-school games like runescape are
making events like this new games like
overwatch my main road hog is in a gay
relationship with yes that's canon I
don't know if it's canon but everybody
knows and chips it's always like Hanzo
and the cream that I don't see but there
are gay characters they don't know that
just people like it yes exactly
um and they're always gonna have a
problem but games are getting more
inclusive and more represented more
diverse in in the sorts of people that
they're focusing their experiences on
and that's it that is a good thing the
only issue I would take with some of
these articles I think are a little bit
dishonest is I'm pretty sure that ever
quest has been updated for longer than
runescape and it's not fair that you
give the character does have hold the
record though right
2001 I was playing EverQuest before -
doesn't want to feel what it's like for
the most updates not for how long I'm a
teacher but ya know the event is is
perfectly fine a small group has a
problem with it and unfortunately it is
all too easy for the media to be like
gamers have a problem when humans have a
problem and some humans are gamers
what's in TYT membership not gonna tell
you only one way to find out TYT Network
comm /join
