a man has been jailed for 35 years in
Thailand for insulting the monarchy on
Facebook so a Bangkok military court
convicted him of 10 counts of Lesbos you
stay for posting photos and videos of
the royal family on a Facebook account
that purported to belong to a different
user his name is which I he's 34 years
old and we're only going to be releasing
his first name because they want to
protect his relatives from ostracism
because it less managers say as a very
serious law in Thailand the court
punished him with 7 years per count
altogether he was given 70 years but it
was reduced in half because he confessed
this is coming from a law less Majesty
cases are routinely shrouded in secrecy
with the media forced to heavily
self-censor the details to avoid
violating the broadly interpreted law
according to I law which I initially
denied the charges but later confessed
after waiting for more than a year in
jail for the court proceedings to begin
I would confess to less magista suspects
are rarely acquitted or granted bail the
United Nations rights body was warned
that Thailand's widespread use of the
law may constitute crimes against
humanity and also to put this into
perspective before we talk about this
this broad law is that before 2006 there
about five to seven less majesty cases
per year and now that is gone way up so
I want to get a reaction from you do you
it seemed I watch the coverage on
al-jazeera of Lesbos your stay in
Thailand and it seems like a whole bunch
of different news organizations are
trying to define exactly what
constitutes the sort of grounds that you
would get locked up for is it making a
joke on Facebook or is it making a joke
in person you I think it's anything it's
anything it's so vague it's it's
whatever they find insulting I suppose
is enough yeah I think it's one of the
reasons that you when you described it
as crimes against humanity it is
creating a state where people can never
feel secure in what they say but like
you offend the king what the hell does
that even mean it can be offended by
anything you'd be offended by reality
and if you can lock someone up for the
rest of their natural life because they
posted some memes or something like that
you now basically can manufacture life
sentences whenever you want I mean you
how easy would it be to fake this sort
of thing
and also how inherently weak must you be
like whichever king it is and I guess I
can't go to Thailand ever again
how weak must you be that you can't take
criticism obviously no politician likes
it most accept it but you can't even
take jokes anymore yeah it is a very
it's a really fast it's a very different
Society and I totally get that you know
when the previous King died the whole
country shut down for a long time it is
different and you get to have your
different society but people cannot be
locked up for making jokes well also
this comes on the heels of a criminal
court sentence another less measure stay
suspect for two and a half years in jail
for uploading an audio clip from an
underground political radio show that
was deemed insulting to the monarchy so
that sounds a lot like silencing the
opposition yeah I mean and and it's not
a democracy though right yeah and I
think and that's what you point out
Jonathan that is I think very important
to remember because I remember when
Brett went there as well it's a very
different society that said we are
allowed to critique it you know we are
allowed to critique you feel we're just
not allowed to critique it and then go
there we definitely we just can't go
there I think goal 35 years nej a little
Tai Chi I won't make it I can't bite my
tongue enough I was this regarding the
video where the Kings wearing a crop top
so I don't know I would I think it's
very possible because I know that that
story also went viral I don't know if
you guys covered it on this show
I don't we did yeah I know we covered on
a pop trigger some of you guys probably
did as well I think that that might have
something to do with it but because it's
so secretive reporters were barred from
entering the military court where the
verdict was read so we don't actually
know that many details about the
specifics of why he was convicted but
it's you know it's not an easy it's not
a far off jump to make I think
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you don't want great thing about that
that means we're not accountable to
anyone but you guys that's why we're
strong together because we built this
show around you come build it even
bigger and better at TYT Network calm
/join
