a man was arrested at Bonnaroo the music
arts festival in Manchester Tennessee
for thousands of fake drugs he says he
was doing the Lord's work what exactly
are we talking about here according to
an arrest warrant from the Coffee County
Sheriff's Office David E Brady told
officers he was doing God's work when
they found a thousand fake hits of acid
20 bags made it look like cocaine 37
pills that were made to look like Mali
22 bags of fake mushrooms and an incense
stick made to look like black tar heroin
they said that they approached him and
he made some sort of thinly veiled
attempt to throw away the fake narcotic
something was going on there like it
wasn't me officer said they searched
brady and found the fake drugs he told
them he was doing God's work by selling
fake drugs deputies discovered Brady was
wanted in Arkansas and a felony bench
warrant Arkansas subsequently said it
would extradite Brady and he is now
being held his bail is set at 120
thousand dollars and his day in court
where we might get a little bit more on
what he means by God's work is set for
August 11th but in the meanwhile I want
to get going wait was he arrested for
the bench warrant or the fake drug deal
so okay so he is being charged as a
fugitive from justice and two charges of
possession of counterfeit controlled
substances which I did not know was a I
thought they were fill they're not
controlled yeah exactly
um counterfeit controlled substances
well we learned something new every day
I guess selling up like fake guns
illegally is also black once is it
really I got arrested for selling like
fake I don't supposed to see something
yeah it's definitely a weird crime and
without being able to interview him you
wonder I mean is this a guy who thinks
well if I sell then the fake drugs then
they will take them but they won't be
getting high gotcha
that's Jude oh no not action and then
they'll come find him and beat the shit
telling no good he's like a snake oil
salesman like you sell your stuff and
then you get out of there well this is
yeah this isn't a plan I agree with you
Kim that I think he thought through
because I would like to interpret what
he says when he says doing God's work is
okay I don't want people to be doing
drug
I don't agree with drugs so I will give
them you know fake drugs and that is my
way of sort of showing them Christ's
love because I'm not they're not putting
this bad stuff in their body however I
don't know these done drugs before
because when you have done mushrooms you
also you know when you just eat a
regular mushroom that you're not trippin
think that they're porcini exactly so I
don't think you really thought this
through but I also it could be dangerous
on the own another side of things if the
fake cocaine was right if it was someone
said I think in our production meeting
like laundry detergent or right that
could be merely awful yes so either he's
doing the Lord's work and he's killing
them with fake drugs that are still
dangerous or they're just fake drugs and
he's like giving you know 20-year olds
that don't know any better
oregano being like this is weed so the
question is is he doing the Old
Testament God's God's work and or the
simpler explanation is after all he's
that described as being arrested for
giving away fake drugs he was arrested
for selling fake drugs the cool thing
about that is that doesn't matter if
they get high off of it you still get
your 2250 but I don't know much drugs
there
I really don't buy a lot of drugs yeah
that is funny sting ssin he had a whole
bunch of that sounds like a whole lot of
money yeah I was gonna say that is an
interesting distinction he wasn't just
being a good Samaritan let's keep going
with the biblical references why not and
just given away oregano I'm saying that
bees that happened in my high school kid
was cause what an idiot and but he was
actually selling them so I think that
you know that goes along with what his
charges are but yeah sucks to be him yes
like job this will be a challenge Young
Turks now has over six billion lifetime
views you know who did that you did that
we're now larger than CNN ABC you named
a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
/join
