the results for yesterday's a UK
election are now in and while it turned
out that of course the exit polls were
not 100% accurate the Conservative Party
did end up losing a lot of seats and
they can no longer create a single party
majority in parliament so if we could
bring up this first chart you're going
to see how it actually shook out in the
end so you're seeing the Conservatives
there with 318 seats eight short of a
majority but also I think something like
six or eight up on what we thought
they'd have from the exit polls labour
jumping up they're gaining 29 seats in
this election you see the the Scottish
National Party dropping a significant
portion of the seats that it had and if
we could jump to this next graphic
you're going to see the change in vote
share it's you're seeing there that the
Conservatives actually gained a little
bit as a percentage because the other
smaller parties dropped so much and it
seems like some of the UK vote clearly
going to the Conservatives there but
labour jumping up by even more and I've
actually seen it described as the the
largest vote share gained that the
Labour Party has gotten in an election
from election to election since 1945 and
so Theresa May is strategy of calling
this a snap election to consolidate the
gains whoopsy it's tough to see that as
a vote of anything but not no confidence
when we and live in Donald Trump's
America so that must be a win
yeah yeah she did she is still you know
single biggest party and it seems like
uh it's likely that a combination of the
Conservative Party and the Democratic
Unionist Party uh could form a governing
coalition we're talk a little bit about
that uh based on my long knowledge of
the DUP fna and uh what that might mean
uh but I know that you were talking
before the show about how we have this
snap election which that the best
description I saw of it was that they
were able to uh initiate plan and
conduct a nationwide election in the
time between the Georgia special
election and the runoff yeah I mean it's
really it's really uh something to
behold
given our system which is this big
laboring system of course with the
longest runway before the actual
election at least we talked about the
head of state but uh you're probably
thinking like what would happen if they
had a snap election a call for a snap
election today in the US well of course
we couldn't do it in the speed that John
just mentioned obviously but you'd also
think that Trump would not get the even
meager vote of confidence that he got I
know he won the electoral college he
lost the popular vote and he would
likely I think be repudiated by this
electorate were they able to hold that
snap election today but it's it's really
a parliamentary thing you know we don't
do it in our system the best system in
the world and and as a result we have to
look at these other and it's interesting
that bears will speak about one more
thing she can't just call for it can she
John Wright JR yeah uh so that's the
cost of two-thirds of all so the
governing body to make sure that that
they we can call for this to happen so
again with parallel style could happen
there would also have to be the same way
that no one expects I don't know who
maybe someone does no one really expects
the the Congress in the Senate or anyone
in Congress to come together and maybe
write up articles of impeachment for the
president now because they're in his
back pocket their their interests are
keeping him around yeah for their own
personal even if they don't agree with
everything he does and Holly does it so
it would still need to have a two-thirds
majority of of the rest of the body to
make it happen
yeah that's so it kind of will still be
a problem at jackbacks there's a lot of
a vote of a lack of confidence I have to
get the terminology now because as you
said John we've been not knowing about
this for years now yeah no yes it's a
new system but it's worth looking
because we're always here well you know
we have the best system in the world
it's a classic adage that's thrown in by
every politician American just the
bestest from the world and when you look
around these parliamentary systems there
are a lot of them I mean not just far
more than presidential right you kind of
are always struck especially in the
shadow of what just happened with our
election with now what would it be like
if we had a sort of a parliamentary
system where you had to form coalition's
where compromises were forced
I don't know that would necessarily be
better but this kind of thing would all
of a sudden be a possibility yeah look
uh people of I mentioned that I was uh
in cloaca science academia so do it
again uh if you actually look into how
parties are formed and all that in the
u.s. you do have a lot of that you just
don't see it explicitly I mean uh
parties are coalition's of different
interests like were the were the
Republican electorate is not one type of
voter it's several types of voters now
in a parliamentary system those are
probably be several parties of varying
sizes in the Democratic Party would be
the same uh I think that there are a lot
of lot of good things to be said for
parliamentary systems and I think that
theoretically if we could see you the
u.s. today but as a parliamentary system
what it would look like I think that
that would be incredibly interesting
yeah there were theoretically some
downsides as well the people I think
gloss over uh but before you get or if
you have time to even touch any of those
it would be interesting just in the
standpoint of the dialogue that you
would have in this nation right now we
have two parties that are edging out
everybody else yeah and I think you're
really right to point to the fact that
most people might look at the democrats
or republicans ago those guys don't
represent me
I mean virtual learning most people do
say yeah and so you end up with those
two parties that don't really represent
anybody in some sense they represent
sort of an institutional view of the of
the populace edging out everybody else
on the stage right the debates are a
joke yeah they certainly represent very
few people very well like some people
might be like yeah you know I've always
voted this party but very few people
love them now like you could
theoretically change the parliamentary
system but you could also just Institute
something like rank-choice voting or
approval voting or something like that
which would allow for more parties in a
system but still be in a presidential
system with the kind of system we do
that then we have more of the I see it
over and over again this my team versus
your team feel so that people don't even
necessarily have to look so deep into
the the agendas or the policies that one
party another actually pushes with just
what they perceive them to for them to
push and say I've always wanted this way
because my grandfather told me to
therefore I'm a lifelong this and then
my team's going to keep winning and once
you win you go yeah we want
have no idea whether at that point like
actual representation or your values I
think Jr's point is really good
given this moment in time we're at a
time now where the electorate is
increasingly not connected to
information that's worth it worth the
 and so you're ending up with I
think more of that them versus us just
as he said so sort of a blind voting so
in that sense if we were to I mean just
to extend this bizarre hypothetical
it'll never happen but to go to a
parliamentary system you you might have
a little less of that because you have
more choices from the menu and you might
have to just evaluate more carefully
there is still I mean I know in the UK
there is still a lot of that you know my
family has always been for this party so
look it's not as world is gonna suck no
matter what we do let's make it a little
bit less yeah now as I pointed out the
Conservatives would probably have to go
along with the Democratic Unionist Party
if they wanted to create a two-party
governing coalition um so I read up on
the DUP it's a party that a lot of
people have a lot of problems with
especially inside the UK because their
past uh affiliation with extremist
groups and they are about as far right
as you can get in the British political
context I mean they're anti-same-sex
marriage they're hard against uh
abortion and a number of other things
like that which means that if
theoretically the Conservative Party
which isn't as far to the right is that
has to ally with them that's gonna make
governing kinda weird and a little bit
uncomfortable in a way that I don't
think Theresa May was expecting and this
is a coalition part that that is weird
right yeah now you have to you you have
to make nice with uh what's a little
like making nice with the extreme right
wing of the Republican Party that kinda
so we've seen what effect that has I
have when the Tea Party branch came
forward and then they were pulling them
further in that direction
so nothing to continue have any kind of
polar or or get their own agenda
original gender complex they've start
giving in yet to that direction more so
I mean this seemed like good news only
heard the way it came out and which it
is as we came on a big loss for
threesome a but could be some losses in
there anyway yeah she may be forced into
bed with this party that may do a lot of
things that are really not gonna be that
great for Britain exactly uh so why is
it that we have this result in the UK
I'm sure there's a lot of reasons I
timing it's some of the statements by
Teresa may some of the policies she's
pushed but one incredibly important
element of this was the just incredible
enthusiasm amongst younger voters to get
involved and to cast their vote so early
reports have suggested that as many as
72 percent of young people voted in this
general election which that's a lot we
don't approach anything like that here
in the u.s. we don't know for sure if
that'll be the final number but for
comparison's sake in the last four
general elections from 2001 to 2015
youth turnout was only around forty
percent which means that it almost
doubled in this election you're seeing
there even in the EU referendum which
that's incredibly important especially
for those who will be alive for a long
time like younger people it eclipses
even that in this most recent election
and I mean we've seen that the vote
share in some of these areas was very
close that is easily enough to swing a
number of seats to labour and it looks
like the breakdown of the vote was
around two-thirds of 18 to 24 year-olds
voted for labour one-third voted for
conservatives or another party now some
people are looking at this and their
conclusion which I think seems
reasonable is well theoretically if you
hypothetically had a left-wing populist
leader in the u.s. context maybe that
would matter for elections now
historical note that I think matters in
the Democratic primaries and caucuses Mr
Sanders won 70% of the under-30 vote and
so theoretically some people are saying
well if that had been a factor on
election day in the general election
maybe we would have seen something a
little bit more like the yeah I don't
know what the beef is all about Hillary
Clinton ran well it's obvious that the
American people are leaning completely
right and that populist left-wing canada
that you just spoke of hillary clinton
apparently didn't appeal to everyone i
don't know what you're talking about
weird but now there's there's other
aspects this um and again i'm always a
little worried with anything when it
comes to another country's system which
our readers yeah we've talked on some
times where we are you know it's just
where we are well it's all it's not all
we can do but it's it's a natural
inclination for us to pull that way
I think sometimes it's something outside
of just it's part of that someone with
the right kind of message and approach
to getting voters out the way Bernie
Sanders was able to do was also there's
a big event brexit was this big thing
that the entire world was talking about
for good reason and then now this is
this particular snap election would
affect how they do it of course in the
wherever wins we knew the the leadership
was still going to make it happen once
whether or not it's gonna be a soft or
hard exit so that made more people feel
energized to make sure they have some
rights and how this happens so with that
in mind look the way we're approaching
these what we've been a few months into
Donald Trump's presidency people are
can't wait for the next now maybe mid
turn right people starting to realize
that a midterm election means something
as they watch how the coalition comes
still forms behind this clueless
president they're thinking oh you mean
other members of Congress or other
elections count yeah I figured it's not
just a presidential election I think my
short-sleeve friend has a point is that
this might have been brexit the shock
that a lot of people who weren't
involved in the process needed to get
involved in that process in Britain and
now the parallel the Trump election and
all the things that followed maybe the
shock to our system although it's a
nasty one to get younger people and more
people to invigorate or to be part of
the political system here yeah they
thought they were in the primaries of
this one so there was that shock
it's just they were discouraged once
their candidate was a can so if there
was still that strong arm of the DNC or
or or the whole system what happened in
the primaries that still shut it down
which then actually will build an even
stronger and yeah I mean we're not
facing a brexit necessarily but there's
you know it every day we get a little
bit closer to Obamacare being taken away
and you've got the the devastating tax
plan that's being debated you have us
pulling out of Paris and stuff like that
and that's extremely consequential so
hopefully people will be inspired in the
midterms to to vote and try to correct
some of that I would have personally
preferred that we not had that situation
in the first place because
can do a hell of a lot of damage in two
years and trump has already done that
but uh yes it is it could be a silver
lining uh in about a year and a half
what's in TYT membership not going to
tell you only one way to find out tea
white tea network.com slash join
