I hear almost everyday that it does not
matter what Donald Trump says or what he
does does matter how bad it is how
offensive his supporters don't care and
they will not change their opinion of
him which I understand why people might
think that but I nto T are interested in
data and so we have collected it or at
least will analyze it today thankfully
Quinnipiac has some polls and they have
noticed a striking shift in the
percentage of various groups across
America who strongly support Donald
Trump so this is strong approval amongst
Republicans look it's still high yes but
it has dropped 10 points on average you
see the trend going down there that is
just from a little bit after his
inauguration until today
so look Republicans are going to like
the Republican president nobody's not
surprised by that but a 10-point shift
does matter but let's jump to the next
one
White's without a college degree sort of
people that we theoretically think are
always going to love Donald Trump job
dropping from 45 to 35 again 10 points
and a significant percentage of whites
without a college degree if you jump to
the next one you're going to see to hear
white men white women dropping amongst
both he's still higher amongst white men
and best there are still women in this
country that strongly support him I
don't entirely know why but it is
continuing to trend down just over four
months now if you see all voters in this
next one Wow
it's down to 25 points from above 30 so
in all of these it is trending down over
time which means yes it might be
glacially slow but people are catching
on and while those people who no longer
strongly support him still probably
support him they might be less
enthusiastic about talking about him
donating showing up to vote and that
matters and we're just four months into
this trend so far I think that's a
really good point the last point that
John's making because you know it's easy
to say on a poll well I don't approve of
the guy as much I mean that seems it
demonstrably clear that you know life at
least based on some of the things he's
articulated is going to get worse for
many of those groups that we just saw
having said that how does that really
okay now you're on a telephone pole or
that pole or whoever they do it I think
it's generally telephone at this point
but the fact is how does that manifest
itself in terms of action among that
group yeah and what John said is is how
it helps other progressives and the left
because they're less likely to turn out
you're going to have a Hillary Clinton
syndrome but it's going to be happening
on the other side and that is yeah I
hope she wins because I don't want
Donald Trump to win but I'm not going to
go vote for I'm not there it's don't
care it also allows you is again with
messaging and trying to win even midterm
elections
you can run against them without saying
look how much this guy came out against
us which is what was happening to an
election cuz he's that kind of character
so now you can there's people who feel
let down as we saw the the same way that
those the the trend is going is going
down they feel like there's there's an
opening there so that distance is an
open of this many people who are
thinking I need someone to let me know
that they actually do something for me
maybe they maybe there's an awakening to
whatever he said that I for some reason
I'm still not sure how they believed he
would do what he said he would do that
got them in there's that gap to be it
for someone to come and say I'm gonna do
those things now here's the bad news I
think that there is still a void there
that will likely be filled by a GOP
candidate I don't feel as though these
are people who are looking for just
anybody this things are going to get so
bleak that they're okay I'm going to go
across the aisle no probably not
I think what it does is it opens the
door for another GOP candidate for
another GOP opportunity there others on
the bench hi Mary
yeah exactly well some people say that
John Kasich might try to do that I think
that the odds are always against anyone
who tries to primary their own party
sitting president that's always gonna be
difficult but it is possible and maybe
he will be the president of that I think
that's more likely and under any number
of scenarios that we run out you know in
this forum before but I think it's
possible that you know he steps away or
one terms enough I mean it's not at all
unprecedented for a president to say I
don't want the second that's possible I
I think the odds of him being impeached
are still incredibly low no
Sartain stepping away that is a little
bit more likely based on his
personalities on president for president
to say I don't want my second month
which I think he did kind of say yeah
this is yes much harder than I thought I
thought man my previous life was so
great yeah I could golf as much as I'm
golfing now and so at the same time that
the strongly prove is trending down if
you look at strongly disprove for a lot
of these groups that's also shooting up
I mean it's basically it almost 90
percent I think yeah you're seeing there
wow that's high that's really high so
let's not go to any more of these
because we do what we do want to move on
in a second but especially for the young
people I mean the strongly proving for
Donald Trump amongst the youngest voters
18 to 34 is like nothing it's like
nothing and more of those people are
going to be voting in the next election
and the people who are younger than them
I don't think that they're closet Trump
lovers and so again this is always going
to be trending in a way that does not
does not work in the GOP favor
assuming that Democratic Party doesn't
do something ridiculous to shoot itself
in the foot why would we ever assume
they might do that what do you get for
Young Turks membership it's a mystery
only one way to find out t√¥i tea
network.com /join
