so this morning Donald Trump of course
wants to be respectful of 9/11 so he
sends a tweet complaining about
collusion all right fine so he usual
rants we found nothing to show collusion
between President Trump and Russia
absolutely zero same kind of mental
tweets you see on any other day now this
is the one day where you really hope
that the president can pull it together
and tell us about how he cares about the
people we lost on 9/11 and the troops
that went to go avenge them and etc the
typical stuff that presidents do is
sometimes there go over the top etc but
Trump doesn't have any of those issues
he just doesn't just don't steal pass
yeah he doesn't know he doesn't care
thank you so now to the point about a
sociopath okay so he he starts the day
with me me me me me me I'm not guilty I
don't know what you're talking about
I'm not guilty right all right that's
usual then then second tweet is about
9/11 he retweeted a post by White House
a dance Covino bragging about how Trump
had signed a proclamation designating
today as Patriot day so it's about 9/11
but it's about him bragging well are you
automated Patriot day I made it Patriot
okay all right we go to tweet number
three okay it's about 9/11 but wait till
you see what it is Rudy Giuliani did a
great job as mayor of New York City
during the period of September 11th his
leadership bravery and skill must never
be forgotten Rudy is a true warrior true
Giuliani of course is his personal
lawyer now defending him on the issue of
collusion
so without yet mentioning the lives that
were lost talking about how Rudy was
this incredible hero and and not that
the attacks must not be forgotten not
that the people we lost our citizens
must not be forgotten but how awesome
Rudy Giuliani my personal lawyer was
must not be forgotten unbearable
unbearable and by the way okay and I
some people get mad so prepare look who
serve us find your safe space because
you're about to get triggered Rudy
Giuliani gets redic
credit for 911 when he didn't do
anything he showed up at the scene of a
crime
congratulations so you know the only
actual tangible thing he did was he put
the communication center in case of
emergencies inside the World Trade
Center which blew up now the World Trade
Center had already been attacked why
would you put the communication center
for emergencies in the one place in New
York that had already been attacked
that's because if you're stupid that's
what you do and then he shows up in
front of all the cameras he's like I'm
in charge I'm in charge well meanwhile
firefighters and cops died in those
buildings because they couldn't
communicate but I'm supposed to now turn
around and give Rudy Giuliani credit
because he's Trump's lawyer and all he
ever does he's so gross you remember
that line from Biden in in the elections
where Rudy Giuliani was running for
president got humiliated of course run
out of town came in fifth in Florida
where's the only place he can be he was
the worst right but every debate in
Giuliani we would go out there and as
Biden said say 9 verb 9/11 why cuz oh me
me me me
9/11 I happened to be in New York with
9/11 happen you're gross Giuliani you
two deserve each other so that's what
Trump did today oh I'm not even that one
last thing he goes to Pennsylvania to to
remember the heroes of United 93 and
those guys were unbelievable they write
they didn't risk their lives they knew
they were gonna lose their lives to make
sure that the plane did not get to its
target so Trump gets there and he lands
and he sees that there are some people I
think that we're applauding him so he's
like oh yes forgets that hey I'm here
for a solemn occasion it starts doing
this like it's not a goddamn campaign
rally but he's a sociopath he can't help
himself now if you thought all that was
bad wait till you get a load of what he
said on the day of 9/11 so he's on New
York radio and and Ana did he talk about
the lives lost no did he say it's that
day man do you remember how I know I was
I remember that day any of you who are
old enough you remember that day and how
we were all shaken I had friends who
lived in New York one of my co-founders
here it was covered in in in the debris
from the building and and I'm like Jesus
Christ as he alive you see okay and all
the people that I know I got family and
friends
well there's one guy on 9/11 who wasn't
thinking that
he was thinking something else yeah so
he called into wwo are in New York and
this is on the evening of 9/11 and he
thought that it was a perfect
opportunity to brag about how one of his
buildings was now the tallest building
in New York I'm gonna read you his exact
quote he said well it wasn't animate it
was an amazing phone call I mean 40 Wall
Street actually was the second tallest
building in downtown Manhattan and it
was actually before the World Trade
Center was the tallest and then when
they built the World Trade Center it
became the second tallest and now it's
the tallest that was what he said on the
evening of 9/11 2001 not on the
anniversary of 2001 on the actual day of
September 11th 2001 yep he called into a
radio station to brag that he now had
the tallest building in New York
he said well used to be second tallest
because the World Trade Center but now
that got knocked down so not my building
is the tallest what's sociopath thinks
that way thinks hey there's a moment for
me to brag hey the host big buildings
got knocked down with nearly 3,000
people dead but hey on the upside my
buildings the tallest now this is the
guy that you Revere if you're a
Republican oh god that's so sad and ok
there we go to 2002 by then is he's
taking a whole year as he found out hey
maybe people were upset about this I
should treat this with a little bit more
respect of course not
right so he goes on Howard Stern Show
and talks about a 9/11 memorial what
should be built there and here's what he
had to say what Rudy said was there
should be a huge memorial and it should
contribute to the skyline of New York in
the same way that the world trains I'm
starting to agree with that I don't know
maybe we should build a television tower
there maybe we should do something that
would be you know I don't know if you
saw last week the television tower which
is substantially taller than the World
Trade Center but you don't have to
by it I believe a statue of your
girlfriend would be perfect right there
that no one would even mess with that
would be a lesson for future generations
oh that's so funny
could you imagine if a democratic
politician went on the and talked about
September 11th a year afterwards it was
joking around about hey I got a hot
girlfriend it was a girlfriend at the
time now wife I got a hot girlfriend
maybe we build a statue of it I mean
look how it brought up the joke we all
heard it right there right but he's
going along with it like oh yeah maybe
we should man nobody would fly into that
9/11 so funny it would have been written
out of town it said this guy's a joke
man it's a joke on the whole country and
he's the biggest joke and his own
supporters who think that here's a guy
who respects our armed forces or kid who
wants to make America great again I mean
think about why he alleged why he
allegedly goes after NFL players who
kneel during the national anthem because
he thinks that it disrespects our flag
it disrespects the country disrespects
our troops Trump does that on a regular
basis but for some reason there seems to
be a double standard for Trump he gets
to do and say whatever he wants doesn't
matter how disrespectful he is he still
you know earns that support for his base
or toward his base it's insane I don't
understand it but I'm I don't know I'm
just what else are we gonna expect from
this I'm bored I'm tired of this yeah we
get desensitized so what a monster he
yeah I'm super desensitized at this
point this is who he is I mean I don't
need any more evidence of it I already
know and and what drives me crazy is not
only has this been normalized but his
base doesn't care they don't care Rudy
Giuliani he used 9/11 he exploited it
for his own advantage for his own
purposes our federal government at the
time did the exact same thing to justify
you know starting wars in the Middle
East they never really cared about the
lives that were lost during 9/11 they
just didn't they used it for a political
advantage in nothing more and a couple
of punchlines that's what they actually
think I'm
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
