here's the young turks at politican 2018
if you want to catch us every day become
a member to you whitey calm slice join
well it seems like you don't need an
introduction to these two do you you're
gonna get a short one anyway
kyle kolinsky is a left-wing radio host
social democratic political commentator
and the co-founder of the political
organization just as democrats
want to keep it short soon and get to
the conversation please welcome Kyle
kolinsky and to his left is the weekday
weeknight host on Russia I should say
arty America Scottie Nell Hughes say
this guy could have gone through the
whole bio but it doesn't make sense so
let's get to it who is winning it's
President Trump winning how should we
measure well we're gonna find out in
just a second let's start with the
economy if we listen to the president he
says it's the best economy in the
history of this country we can point to
he will point to low unemployment job
growth the stock market stock market up
until maybe a week ago or so it's the
president winning on the economy I will
start with you Kyle first okay so first
of all I just want to say thank you to
Scottie Nell Hughes for accepting this
I think the setups a little funny cuz I
feel like we're I don't know making
draft picks or something like this is an
NBA with the 23rd pick in the NBA yeah
so she works for Artie and I feel like
Artie's a little unfairly maligned in
today's political climate and there are
some wonderful hosts at Artie the late
great ed Schultz was there Tom Hartman
and so that's another point I wanted to
make real quick before I hop into the
substance is that I feel like there's a
lot of the treatment of Artie has been
unfair for many in the establishment
media and the fact that you work for
them I don't find that bad just
qualifying in any way shape or form and
I just wanted to say that as well so as
far as the economy goes is Donald Trump
winning on the economy well you're not
gonna be surprised to learn that my
answer is no he's not winning on the
economy at all so I was one of very few
people on on the Left who actually gave
Trump a lot of credit when he was
campaigning because I actually think on
many issues he was more populist in his
rhetoric than Hillary Clinton he will go
to the Rust Belt and he would talk about
how NAFTA has been terrible for working
people he would rail against the TPP and
he was a rare Republican who would say
he wasn't going to cut Social Security
and Medicare and I thought that that
really helped him win the fact that it
was about 70,000 votes in the Rust Belt
that really led to his victory I mean
that was even though Hillary won by a
few million votes overall in the country
was really 70,000 votes in the Rust Belt
that made it so that Donald Trump won
and it doesn't help that Hillary Clinton
was like tepidly against the trade deals
after Bernie Sanders kind of forced her
to that position but when it comes to
Trump's record it doesn't match the
rhetoric on the campaign trail so one
fact that I always bring up is that
there were 93 thousand jobs that have
been outsourced in his first year as
president that's actually an increase
under Obama there were 87 thousand jobs
outsourced and so I don't defend either
one of their records on that front I
think if you run as the anti outsourcing
president you should implement anti
outsourcing policies and he simply
hasn't done that the unemployment rate
being low it's actually a very
misleading thing when P
bring that up as if it's evidence though
he's doing well on the economy because
that's really not a very good economic
indicator wages is a much better
economic indicator and real wages are
falling they're not keeping up with
inflation even when Trump pretended to
do good things like I'm gonna save the
carrier jobs what ended up happening was
a few months later they shipped the jobs
overseas anyway and they move towards
automation and on top of that they got a
giant corporate welfare check so if
anything that's worse on trade policy so
I think I'll leave it at that for now
but that's my thoughts on trade trade in
the economy Scottie so let me give my
starting off point first of all Thank
You Cal for being so kind and saying in
my acceptance is the reason why I
accepted this is because your opinions
matter even if you don't I don't agree
with them your opinions matter for far
too long this country the Republican
Party didn't care about it not that they
didn't care they slapped you in the face
with them and just completely ignored
you and I think the problem we're at
this state in the country today is
because we've stopped talking to each
other
we run separate ways we find ways to
demonize the other side and instead of
trying to figure out how we can work
together what works well for us we would
rather just throw lewd comments and be
vicious against the other side and guess
where that gets us absolutely nowhere
which is where we are today
and I think that's where this is I
support a Trump out of the gate for one
reason and one reason only
he wasn't Hillary Clinton and I could
not imagine this country underneath her
I'm sorry whether you were plugging to
her the woman scared me and that was
back in 2014 I she was a woman that I
think was going to do extreme detriment
because just like so many elitist across
both sides of the aisle she could care
less about the little man she could care
less about the guy that's worked in
three different jobs the woman that is
trying to feed four kids by herself she
didn't care about him all she cared
about was her fat cats on Wall Street
and just like Kyle pointed out
that's what Trump campaigned against and
Ed Schultz was one of my the late great
ed Schultz was one of my mentors Tom
Hartman taught me listen we can disagree
I mean both of those are extremely
amazing gentlemen and it's such an honor
to sit in ed schultz position every
night and I have done nothing to change
his saw his show since it passed because
he told me and the reason why you picked
me was because I had no problem at the
network that I was on calling out that
network for giving Hillary Clinton to
debate questions against Bernie Sanders
I had no problem calling out say that
they had stacked the cards against
Bernie Sanders that it wasn't I think
the truth was they underestimated how
powerful the Bernie Sanders supporters
are and this does have a lot to do with
the economy because that's a big group
of people the same group of people that
helped vote Trump in and it was on one
issue a big issue is they just wanted to
provide for their family and they were
tired of seeing their jobs go across
these and go across the border bad deals
that both Republicans and Democrat fat
cats in Washington had made and I agreed
with Bernie on that so now we come here
today two years later and I'll say this
at least we did get NAFTA repealed
replaced what's all in it I'm optimistic
we saw our trade imbalance go through
their 500 billion dollar trade amounts
go through the roof two reasons when we
let China in the World Trade
Organization and two we put NAFTA in and
that outsourced to our jobs and we lost
jobs in middle America which is where
I'm from so you know I have to say is
Trump winning on the economy I'll give
him more credit in this area than other
areas does you have a lot of work to do
absolutely I still think that when it
comes to the economy yes we're seeing
you know I love that Wall Street's doing
well way to go for all the sex with
Avenue and Goldman Sachs people that
work in his administration Congrats I'm
glad they're making money but that
doesn't mean that you and I are feeling
any better in our pockets the tax breaks
were good they would they helped lead to
consumer confidence and optimism that's
always good people always feel better
when they see more in their paint more
money in their paycheck but is it
short-lived so he's doing better on that
and he's doing a lot of other issues I
think of all of the issues we're going
to talk today that's the high
ranking you should get the rest of them
we definitely gonna have a lot to debate
on our what Lajja talk so I think that
Trump governing Trump is very different
from campaigning Trump and governing
Trump what I often say that I think
Donald Trump really wants to be Hillary
Clinton because Hillary Clinton gets the
pat on the back from the establishment
and the elites and Wall Street and I
think that Donald Trump even though he
ran against those factions deep down he
wants to be like Hillary Clinton so you
referenced NAFTA their NAFTA 2.0 is very
similar to the original NAFTA there's
maybe one or two decent provisions in
there like for our dairy farmers but
ultimately there's a giant giveaway to
Big Pharma in there so it he ran against
NAFTA and I predicted he would do this
like oh I'm gonna do some tremendous
trade deals they're gonna be
unbelievable trade deals let me just
tell her good impression thank you and
NAFTA 2.0 ended up being very similar to
the original NAFTA and with Trump
I feel very similar to like I do with
Obama in that both of those presidents
had a uniquely anti-establishment
mandate where they were supposed to
really almost blow up the system and
start from scratch and really fight for
the people but especially under the
Trump administration did not happen at
all so I would say he's been in losing
beyond Louie let me just give one more
fact to back that up the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau has returned
11 or 12 billion dollars to defrauded
Americans giant financial institutions
screwing people over he picked a former
predatory payday lender to lead the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau so
that tells you everything you need to
know about Donald Trump well and one
more thing it doesn't matter if you
think that the economy is doing great
I think this is something that matters
about each individual person if you
don't have a job if you can't find a job
if you can't cover your electric bill if
you can't get to work cuz you've had to
sell your car to pay for your your
doctor's bills the economy is not doing
good for you and we should live in a
country where every individual matters
not just this grand hopes or the grand
elitist which is where we've come to
focus on you to a bit very nice and
respectful to each other
I mean is that disappointing we can sell
it oh you guys want to see a fight
between us I think you're gonna be
surprised no I think there's a stark
contrast as far as the perception of
this president whether he's successful
and on these issues so let me piss in
your Cheerios real quick let's go to
immigration sure it's the president
succeeding and I guess we need to define
what success is is he winning on the
issue of immigration you could define
that however you want I'll get out of
the way know the one fact that I'll
bring up about immigration that really
really concerns me is that there's been
a giant increase in deportations
of non criminal undocumented immigrants
and I think that really exposes that
you're not a humanitarian you don't care
about people you don't you don't respect
the fact that many people who come to
this country are seriously just trying
to create a better life and you see
oftentimes on the far right this
demagoguery of immigrants and I think
that's totally vacuous and vapid and
they're actually doing the work of the
elites because the oldest trick in the
book is where elites get working-class
white people to hate poor brown and
black people and they say they're the
reason that you know you're struggling
and the reality is no the rich people
are running out the back door with all
the money and rigging the system against
both of you
I think it goes even beyond more
trumpets it's failing on immigration I
think both parties I mean who here
actually thinks that the Republicans or
the Democrats want to solve immigration
neither party wants to solve it cuz it
works really well for them I mean we
look at this we had this caravan of
mostly people who are fleeing for their
lives they're scared they're coming up
they're trying to seek asylum and yet
Democrats are saying hey definitely you
know there it's gonna it's gonna get
that base we're three weeks out from the
midterm this is great because guess what
this is gonna make people say that you
know the idea that families could be
separated at the border that speaks well
that gets people to the polls to vote
for me the Republicans go absolutely
please come on let's have this be
headlines because then for sure the
Republicans are gonna show up and say I
don't want them in my country because
they're all just horrible people so you
know if Congress wanted to solve
immigration it's not hard it takes
common-sense there's no reason why the
good countries in central South America
America and Canada could not all work
together so you know we have a real
problem these refugees fleeing for their
lives how about we actually send them
proper proper air and proper groups to
the countries that can hold on to them
you know what Costa Rica can you take 50
Canada can you take 200 let's actually
get a solution this problem and here in
America the fact that you have to pay
hundreds of thousands of dollars
sometimes just to become an American
citizen and it takes ten years that's
ridiculous that's not what this country
was founded on sure we want to know who
you are that are here and that you
actually want to add to America but we
also want to celebrate diversity and the
reason why I have we have a lot of these
people being jumping these boards it's
not because they don't want to be here
it's because they can't get in here and
so let's make it simplified for those
that really want to be here and provide
better for their families let's simplify
if we can simplify our taxes every April
then we can simplify the application to
become an American citizen let me ask
you this then it's a follow up
if all that you say is true and I will
accept it as true
has the president improved or worsened
the situation visa vie immigration I
think the president unfortunately has
not had as shocking not the right
verbage I think across the board he's
not enhanced the conversation that we
need to be having about diversity in
this country do you think he's a white
nationalist deep down they say this I
have a real hard time hate is horrible
across the board and I have a real hard
time pointing out somebody that I don't
calling anybody any names that are that
hateful can I say that some of his
policies definitely could have fringes
of it absolutely and those are wrong but
I don't you know I wouldn't call someone
that I don't know 24/7 now what their
actions are that way that's that that
doesn't help the conversation of it and
here's the other side of it whether you
know his actions are positive or not it
doesn't help the rest of us that's the
problem we have date we're too busy
pointing out you know what you're
someone that's racist okay how does that
solve the problem that's when we all go
to our separate corners and we don't
talk to each other when we Mooney I mean
I think every single one of us here at
some point has probably been labeled
something that's not nice and is not
correct I know I have so when we sit
there and put those labels on all that
does is make us retreat to our little
places and we never have that
conversation I understand what you're
saying and I agree with it but all I'll
say is there is a time in place for
name-calling when it's factually
accurate and often times you see people
kind of I feel like the far right
oftentimes even though they accused the
left of being snowflakes they're on
their own on our side I'll be the first
to tell you now and I'm not just talking
about the color of the skin mostly yes
Daddy
that exact reason is why cowardly
Coulter as we now call her is not
sitting with us here
listen there was never a hesitation when
they called me on when they called me an
ass yes I know that and you were been
very and it was because I want to listen
I'll be the first reason why I'm not in
a trouble administration I'll admit when
I'm wrong and I will apologize when I'm
wrong I don't fit the real trump mold I
guess we're gonna want to listen to you
and and add your opinions really do
matter because guess what it's telling
Kyle the reason why you have your
opinions is because something in your
life shaped it and that was something
very important and that does not does
not need to be ignored anymore
before we drift too far afield still the
question remains has the president won
advanced his agenda as it relates to
immigration or immigration reform or has
he moved us in a direction where the
country will largely reject what he
wants to do with immigration /
immigration reform the president all yes
he's almost you got to give him this
whether you agree with it or not he's
almost completed everything almost
everything he completed on at least to
his satisfaction except for one thing
which is building a wall you build one
chip of that wall and I don't know if
he's running for reelection in 2020
because then he could say look I built
the wall so in his opinion in is he
advanced his agenda sure does that mean
that that's all of those pieces of the
gin is the best thing for America it's
for you guys to decide how yeah I mean
it's like the wall issue I just I find
it so stupid because that's not that's
not gonna solve any problem the idea
like we have to keep the criminals out
of here that's what we have to do well
if you want to lower the amount of
violent crime in the drug war and the
drug war and
what will happen is because we saw this
with prohibition when alcohol was
illegal there was a giant spike in
violent crime because you have the Mafia
underground selling the product and they
get power and they get money and then
right now it's the same with the drug
cartels so if you legalize tax and
regulate marijuana and decriminalize all
drugs you'll see a giant decrease in the
amount of violent crime ok so here's
here's my comment on on this one this is
the one thing I respect your your choice
I get that my husband is about coma he
was diagnosed 228 glaucoma would help my
friend my mother has lung cancer it
would actually you know it would help
relieve a lot of their pain where my
issue comes with what you do in your own
home or your home bedroom that is your
call I don't care you know if it's I
hate opioids it is your choice I am very
libertarian get the government out of as
much as I can what I have a problem with
her things and in marijuana designs so
fall in this category but any drugs that
might alter my judgment or your judgment
that's gonna be in a car next to my
children when I'm driving I still want
to make sure alcohols the same way just
say we need to encourage responsible
ownership of everything from a gun to a
joint to a dollar would you ban alcohol
though one thing we need to encourage
responsible ownership ok but the same
with marijuana right so allow people to
make their own decisions but encourage
them to be responsible I think it's a
Tenth Amendment right I think it's every
state should make the dependent for
themselves and if I live in a state that
decides they want to legalize marijuana
and I don't group it it's real simple I
can call you Hall and move and if every
state across the board decides to
legalize marijuana guess what ok either
I change countries or I stay where I am
I think it's a state's issue I think
that's our founding fathers wanted it I
think it's one of those things that
anything that is not outright lined in
our Constitution needs to go back to the
states and let the people decide when
did the government in Washington DC
become more important and more powerful
than the people who are actually paying
their paychecks on the streets on Main
Street
let's move this conversation forward
something that the president then
candidate Trump campaigned on on the
heels of 7 years of Republic
saying repeal and replace Obamacare
let's move to health care it's the
president winning given what dinner did
not get completed so far in his first
term
oh he's winning and that's terrible for
the American people because his agenda
is against the American people so he
I'll give some information to back that
up for everybody so he gutted Obamacare
through various executive orders and in
his first year as president three
million people lost health insurance so
I find it amazing and maddening that the
Democrats don't bring up that point more
often because it says so much he
pretends like oh I'm so great with
health care but three million people
lost health insurance under your
administration just twelve percent of
Americans supported his Trump care bill
twelve percent
that's comically bad why because it's a
terrible bill so I think that he's he's
winning in this even though they didn't
officially get you know a repeal of
Obama care through Congress his
executive orders have effectively gotten
rid of Obama care and you know Obama
care is not great
I don't defend it it's not my ideal
system but it wasn't a step in the right
direction and that's why you're seeing
such a terrible system like we're
dealing with right now and his
administration is currently involved in
a court case to throw out protections
for people with pre-existing conditions
and yet again this is another issue
where he goes to his rallies and he
always says that he's in favor of
protecting people but that's not true if
if you actually are in favor of
protecting people with pre-existing
conditions drop the lawsuit drop the
lawsuit
but they haven't dropped the lawsuit and
he also picked a former drug company
executive Alexes are to lead the Health
and Human Services and what's hilarious
is that Alexes are was responsible for
price gouging the American people when
he worked at Eli Lilly and now he's in
charge of lowering drug prices so again
sheer fraud and conman let's back it up
our health care systems been broken it
was an unfortunate program for the
Affordable Health Care Act that broke it
the idea right now that no pre-existing
conditions exist is a bunch of BS I will
tell you if you've experienced yourself
it's not that they're going to deny you
because you have a pre-existing
condition they're gonna find some
loophole that you've not been to the
doctor for three months that they can't
find records of so therefore they're
gonna deny you health insurance
I literally have took this job for
health insurance for my family because
for the last two years we were denied
because my son has a brain tumor my
husband has glaucoma but no pre-existing
conditions yeah but you didn't go to the
doctor from so we don't have any reports
from 2007 from July until September so
we're going to deny you our health care
system has been effed up for a really
long time and while I understand
single-payer system works and some what
works in England and Canada and that
would be nice
the problem is it would not work in a
country like ours so what do you do
about I disagree with that I disagree
with that hold on let me back it I let
me say here's the thing is that anytime
the government has gotten involved in
something it doesn't help okay education
Veterans Affairs it raises the prices
what we need is competition get the drug
Pharma get the Oh get the drug companies
out of it let me propose a compromise on
this because I this is something I've
spoken about before now I of course
prefer a medicare-for-all system and I
think that all the all the all the
empirical data backs it up that that's
objectively a better system but if
you're uncomfortable with it working in
a country that's large which again I
don't agree with that but I would be
okay with a law proposed at the federal
level that says each individual state
has to set up their own state level
basically single-payer system Medicare
for All system would you agree to that
compromise that would be a good solution
to start talking about right i literally
you will never meet anybody i my parents
can't get healthy too my father was a
carpenter his entire life my mother
stopped working in 1980 put out of a job
they don't have health insurance and
there's 75 and 76 and they live in my
basement because every day we breathe
hoping that neither one of them gets
sick cuz i've we could sell our farm
today I'm not the only American that's
having this problem right now folks we
all know somebody that can ha get health
and just your pray everyday that you're
not gonna be faced to that system of
what do I have to sell next to pay for
my parents if they catch the flu this is
real and this is what Washington DC's
were feeding so I don't care about any
solution if it's state-based my biggest
fear of giving it completely over the
government is they have effed up every
other system we've given them this is
too important well let me just say that
according to a study from the
Commonwealth Fund the u.s. ranks dead
last among modern nations when it comes
to our health care system and the
country is the entire top ten is all
single-payer countries the problem is
tell that to women they can't get a
mammogram cuz they have breast cancer
they can't get in to see a doctor in
Canada but talk about the dentistry that
are they let me jump in there for one
second so we're not too far afield the
fundamental question I would think is
has president Trump improved the
situation if it only incrementally or if
it hasn't become worse under him made it
way worse that's why three million
people lost their health insurance
there's no way to spin that in a
positive direction and you know he brags
whenever he feels like he can if you
give him a little nugget of something he
can brag about he does all low
unemployment rate it's great it's
tremendous forget wages don't look at
wages but the low unemployment so it
notice he never says anything about oh I
insured more people because you didn't 3
million people lost insurance so I think
that one fact really the problem is
under Obama the people that did have
insurance is either catastrophic it was
really crappy anyways so this is this is
this fault once again this is not a
Democrat Republican Trump better not
it just has sucked all along I don't
disagree with the fact that it sucked
all along but at the same time it's just
a fact of reality that we did not have
protections for pre-existing conditions
pre Obama care and we did post Obamacare
but you don't have them we still don't
have pre-existing existence covered it
says it in writing it is not happening
on Main Street it's not happening in
reality okay well that is law oh we
agree to that because that is law at the
current moment even though the Trump
administration and they have all the
loopholes we lost in today they have all
the loopholes that were put into under
the photo Husker to deny people for this
so we go right back to single players
the answer no
unfortunately you have to pay for it you
have to identify future generations
future doctors you have to incentivize
if you're just gonna do single-payer
system what's gonna happen is the health
care companies the hospitals are going
to continue to reap money because guess
what they haven't taken a cut in their
pay since this came in face of 2008
they're going to continue to reap all
the money they can from the government
and there's going to be no reform that
actually goes down to cutting cost
that's gonna actually medicare-for-all
saves money and that's not me speaking
that's a study from the libertarian
Mercatus Institute funded by the Koch
the Koch brothers they did a study and
the headline was that oh my god Medicare
for all cost 32 trillion dollars but
what they didn't tell you is that the
current system cost thirty four point
six trillion dollars so the real issue
is how can we afford not to do Medicare
for all that's the real question and
that's a great that's a great line
because you still have to afford it our
country still had to afford it
it say you cannot tell me giving
Medicare to every single without a
payment put into it because here's the
thing you get rid of the private
premiums those are now gone so would you
rather pay four thousand dollars in
taxes a year towards health care or pay
five thousand dollars to a for-profit
rapacious price-gouging health insurance
company that's going to screw you when
you come to them for help but because
they know that they can do it if you
think it's just gonna stay at four
thousand dollars tell me what happened
to our higher education system once they
realize they got government funds if you
think it's just gonna stay at four
thousand dollars once the government's
given this blank check it's not they're
going to continue to raise hunters and
we're not we can barely afford a lot of
things today we have inner cities that
have they need money we have a lot of
things that need money right now they
will continue to raise their price
because they can because one second
bright the cost in Norway Denmark
Iceland Sweden Greenland Australia I
understand that but I have to respond to
the cost point they pay about half of
what we pay for their health coverage
and everybody's covered so there's no
way to stand that against theirs apples
and oranges between the sides that they
have to cover and the people everybody
else watch into their system that's why
I say do it at the state level I'm fine
with that
like so we can talk about the state the
key is accountability in every
paying into the system and the large
amount of people that we would have to
cover everybody would have to pay into
well that's why I said do it at this
state ok can't solve here we can if it
we got the for-profit health insurance
company money out of the system
disgusting ok and my job is to keep it
moving so let me move to foreign policy
but I want to break it up into three
parts
sure we're gonna go country by country
first North Korea then Iran then Russia
let's start with North Korea is the
president is he winning given what he's
done or Alexia's done with North Korea
I'll say this one well the truth will be
told in time I mean the good news is two
years ago we thought we were about to be
in a nuclear war I think we were all in
that that scare factor it has definitely
decreased I think any time that you have
South Korea and North Korea talking and
it looks like they are being cordial
with each other that's a positive step I
am praying that we can finally end the
Korean War
I mean this is ridiculous yeah I think
that's needed so that is a positive step
now we just have to see if Kim Jong
crazy man is actually going to continue
to denuclearize and if what the
expectations he has from the United
States and if there's something we're
willing to work with so I'm gonna
surprise some people on this one but I'm
actually I think he's he's done an okay
job perhaps by accident but he's done a
pretty good job on North Korea so what I
want Trump to do on the issue of North
Korea is absolutely nothing I want him
to sit back and I want president moon I
think it is of South Korea to lead the
diplomatic negotiations because it's
working so and listen I don't care my
bar for a u.s. president on North Korea
is very low hey don't attack them and
we'll be okay hey let's explode that's a
probably a positive sign too so yes I'm
I'll give him credit on this issue and
this is maybe one of two or three I
would give him credit on all right let's
go to Iran the president campaigned on
extricated the United States from the
Iran deal he's delivered on that so I
guess the question of whether he's
winning is less political
more literal in the sense our is are we
in a better place with Iran now much
worse I would say so what they never
tell you is that according to the
International Atomic Energy Agency
they've verified that the Iranians have
been complying with the with the deal
six times so they followed the deal to a
tee and then he comes in and pulls us
out of the deal and of course that makes
it much more likely that Iran is gonna
get a nuclear weapon so this is honestly
when it comes to Obama this is maybe in
my mind his biggest accomplishment was
getting the Iran deal and for Trump's
are ripping up in the same way that he
ripped up the Paris climate Accord I
think that is incredibly dangerous and I
honestly think it stems from this kind
of knee-jerk reaction Airi I'm gonna do
the opposite of what the other guy did
philosophy and it's been terrible Scott
it the Middle East right now is is
unfortunately a powder keg and that
could erupt at any moment
I think Saudi Arabia the the the recent
events with the journalists in Saudi
Arabia and Turkey shows just how
temperamental and how much we do and do
not know if what's going on in that area
I do know that I want our soldiers out
of there
I want our soldiers out of Afghanistan I
want our soldiers any time we bring all
of them I don't know
these guys are gonna continue fighting
there's oil involved there's power
involved there's money involved there's
religion involved and the one people
that shouldn't be involved in the United
States the United States at least from
our soldiers perspective that being said
Iran was bad I think left a bad taste in
our mouth of a crate full of unmarked
bills that were dumped you know that
were given to Iran but also I don't like
that was their money by the way what I
had to throw that out there that's their
money it's not like Obama was like whoa
let's give Iran money that's not theirs
it's a comical notion we stole that
money from them through sanctions and we
gave them back that's yes we took their
money we froze their assets after we
overthrew their government by the way in
1953 if you want we tweekin we can talk
Middle East policy but the truth of it
is if we want to find things we can
agree on you bet you have allies here
you have Iran versus Saudi Arabia it's
become very obvious that the president
like Saudi Arabia Serbia likes the
president what also in here is Israel
and we're in Palestine so you have a lot
of different allies that are that are
aligning here what we what we've done in
Iran is wrong what we've done in Saudi
Arabia is wrong I don't know if there's
a simple solution to either one of them
to say or I'd want our relations have
been wrong with Iran but I do think that
the less that we are involved just like
North now you said in North Korea
probably the better at this point cuz
these guys they want to fight and
there's nothing we're going to be able
to do to actually if they want to fight
they're gonna fight I greet that and can
I just have one more thing real quick on
because you mentioned Saudi Arabia there
if you want to cut terrorism
perhaps in half or even more stop giving
arms and money to Saudi Arabia because
there was a 110 billion-dollar weapons
deal and I got news for people that
money goes directly to jihadists in
Yemen and also jihadists in Syria and so
we're funding the exact people that then
eventually turned around on us it's like
what happened in 9/11 I was a Saudi
Arabia 15 of the 19 hijackers came from
Saudi Arabia and this is what happened
even with Ronald Reagan when they armed
the Mujahideen because they were
fighting the Soviet Union we always
armed these actors there were there was
an article in a British newspaper that
called of sama bin Laden a freedom
fighter when he was on our side against
the Soviet Union so this is something
that's happened unfortunately under
probably every administration since
Ronald Reagan where we keep arming bad
actors and then it comes back and it
bites us in the ass well how do you feel
about his talkie Oh terrible I'll get to
that to say okay that's gonna be on a
different section that's the next
question we have to deal with Russia now
much was made of the president how he
presented himself when he was alongside
Vladimir Putin and that's been received
very differently if you ask the
president he says that he's been tougher
on Vladimir Putin than any other US
president if you ask his detractors you
get the exact opposite answer as we go
into the midterms and we know that Bob
Butler is gonna have something to say
about that on the other side of the
midterms as at this point is the
president winning on at least the
narrative surrounding Russia calendars
discussion why do you think real is
holding off till after the midterms to
release his statement what do you think
Oh everybody knows that this is going to
be an interesting portion of our
discussion here well when it comes to
Russia I do have significant
disagreement with Donald Trump but my
disagreement with Donald Trump is not
what you'd hear from you know standard
partisan hack Democrats on establishment
media my issue with him is we're very
close to an actual confrontation with
Russia and I know people think that he's
Vladimir Putin's puppet but in reality
if you look at the policies it's scary
in the other direction so for example
we've sent warships directly to Russia's
border on the Black Sea we have
we have them lined up on the border over
the Ukraine crisis and he's increased
sanctions on Russia and even on the
issue of Syria you know I think we
should just stay out of it completely
but certainly if we're gonna get
involved don't back the so-called
moderate rebels who again 60% of them
are hardline Islamists and this can get
us into a bigger confrontation with
Russia if we end up geopolitically on
the opposite side and there's a proxy
war in Syria
so I favor diplomacy and negotiations
and unfortunately in this current
climate I think that there's a lot of
cheerleading for Donald Trump to
actually be more hardline against Russia
and that is something I do not agree
with at all absolutely and you can thank
the neocons that are surrounding the
same neocons that are traveling this
week to tell you've got john bolton
heading over to russia to tell him that
we're gonna possibly could increase
sanctions on you if you decide to scale
back your sanctions against kim
jeong-hoon of north korea
you also have Donald Trump this week has
said that he is tearing up the 1987
nuclear-armed steel
he says Russia is not holding up their
end of the bargain I personally think
this is because he thinks it well he
tears up then we can beef up our nuclear
infrastructure here in the United States
which that's never good I don't know why
it anybody would think that it's a good
idea to go to war with a power like
Russia and I'd say the same thing about
China to a certain extent why how in the
world can that be a positive and
unfortunately I think this is where the
industrial military complex has taken
over a lot of the West Wing and the only
person the only people there competing
with this goldman sachs they'll be
interesting to see which group wins but
right now you know unfortunately one
though with benefits from war are the
ones that get to go buy their new
mercedes and unfortunately it puts our
boys and our women in tanks and let me
just say when it comes to the Moller
investigation because you touched on
that before I actually think that people
are missing the bigger story there and I
think the bigger story is the fact that
there are now two emoluments cases that
are proceeding against Donald Trump and
for those of you who don't know what
that is that basically means that Donald
Trump through his businesses he has
businesses all over the world he is
accepting money from foreign governments
and the concern is you can't have a US
president with a giant business empire
like that because what are you gonna do
when Saudi Arabia you know hey
five million dollars over to your
business and then they come knocking on
your door and say hey can I have another
hundred billion dollar weapons deal so
that's the real corruption scandal is
that all of these different governments
can sway policy and they're doing it
because of his personal businesses so I
think that it should be a matter of law
that US presidents have to divest from
any international businesses and that
may be the case in court we'll find out
to look at on this side of it is you
have Trump going forward you have 200
what was the two hundred thirty five
thousand dollars last year Saudi
Arabia's spin in the Trump Hotel here in
DC Detroit how does how does that happen
how is that allowed how was that allowed
to work you know listen there's not much
to disagree with on that and I think
everybody thought that he would pull
away that was the word that he gave that
he was turning all over to Trump's
children or to his own children
it didn't happen and now that is that
the prior statement when it comes to
Mueller the key about the Mueller case
said that I just I find so hard for me
is that you look at all the election
interference that the United States has
done I mean are you kidding me our CIA
was founded to get involved in Italy
from making sure that the dinner that
the pro-american Democrats were elected
over the pro-socialist the Democrats in
Italy are CIA was founded to meddle and
collections so right and they're
thinking that you and I and I and
everybody thinking we can be persuaded
by a bunch of memes that's gonna change
our vote because we saw meme I mean I
that's insulting almost the American
people so you know and and we've got
involved I mean naming a country that
the Americans have not doesn't make it
you know right or wrong and I'm not
going to criticize America but before we
go start but Soledad is before you cast
stones make sure you don't live in a
glass house come on let me jump in here
as an adjunct I say is tangentially
related to foreign policy it's a human
rights discussion now we can talk about
Khashoggi now we can talk about China
and so forth has this president done
enough or is winning in terms of human
rights and it's also connected to the
immigration debate if you want to go
there how is this president doing on
human rights abuses or holding those
countries to account yeah he's the one
doing the human rights abuses so you
know another one of these facts that I
wish people would talk about more but
you never hear this is that he increased
drone strikes four hundred and thirty
two percent he escalated Afghanistan and
Syria and Iraq and this is all when I
mean you can go back I've tweeted this
you Donald Trump used to rail against
being in Afghanistan on a regular basis
I mean there's like 10 12 different
tweets I'm saying it's so stupid that
we're there we need to get out well now
that he's president he does the exact
opposite and it's maddening and it is
because the neo-cons are in his ear
people like John Bolton and Mike Pompeo
he also increased military spending by
80 billion dollars now that's at a time
the United States our military is bigger
than the next nine biggest military's
combined and most of them are our allies
so we spend all this money on the
military when meanwhile 29 million
Americans don't have health insurance so
it's just a total misalignment of
priorities and another point the final
point I want to bring up about this is
that his first military raid as
president actually killed an
eight-year-old American girl and her
name is Noir ala Lackey and nobody talks
about that and that drives me nuts
because you know the scandals were
always over oh my god Donald Trump in in
a rally said something silly and let's
talk about that for three days nobody
says oh my goodness we have a war
criminal president who ordered a raid
that killed an eight-year-old American
girl I mean if any other country did
something like that we would be
screaming that they need to be dragged
in front of the International Criminal
Court well a country kind of did did
that is called Saudi Arabia was just
seen it with hisagi and we're not
screaming well you know kripaal happened
and all some were pulling out our ruslan
diplomats we're kicking the kit Russian
diplomats and we're putting all these
sanctions on them and yet now we've got
this case and we need to not rush to
judgment on it now granted most people
don't realize how soggy was not a nice
guy okay it doesn't matter I know that
but I mean he was friends with Osama bin
Laden he was
the Muslim blood it doesn't matter
though we had intelligence that it
possibly was going to happen and we did
nothing to stop it and we're doing
nothing to hold Saudi Arabia accountable
except cash the check that we got last
week for a couple hundred million
dollars that they had promised us last
summer so there is a major but at the
same time Saudi Arabia has horrible on
women's issues all of the Middle East is
horrible on women's issues now is it our
job to go in there to say we're not
going to talk to you until no at the
same time we could do a lot better and
having the conversation and promoting it
when you have women that get beat just
for the suspicion of looking at a man
when you we all know the stories we've
heard the horror stories that happen in
the Middle East for women over there so
I think you know that's a conversation
that needs to be happening is
necessarily something that it's it's the
same nothing's changed and let's just
also point out that Saudi Arabia is
doing a genocide in Yemen as we speak
and I'm very happy that the the instance
with this journalist has blown up and
now everybody's talking about it and how
bad Saudi Arabia is but let's just not
forget that they were in front they are
committing a genocide with our weapons
and we just kind of sat idly by and said
well you're on our team anyway so we're
just gonna shut up about it and pretend
like it's not happening so we're in no
place at all to lecture the rest of the
world about human rights we're
responsible for what we do you can only
stop the bad actions that you're
participating in so like I said
immediately cut off all funds to Saudi
Arabia sanction Saudi Arabia I'll
honestly do the same with Israel and
stop funding them and giving them go
ahead Scotty I know there's a big
difference right now between the Saudi
Arabia Iran and Israel is one of our
biggest allies and I don't go for the
anti-semitic talk I don't I'm sorry well
it's not anti-semitism saying cut off
funding to Israel I talking of to having
people keep going like I said we tweak
this is something we are gonna just
we're gonna disagree on and it's just
not anti-semitism I just want to clear
out when you say human rights Israel
treats their their actual citizens very
well they're women have and so forth but
we're talking what you're upset about is
is trying to go against the Palestinians
what I'm trying to see we can talk about
the very volatile area guys it's very
complicated at the same time you have to
respect both sides on this issue
Palestine thinks they have laid to the
land is real things they do as well all
I'm saying is I don't respect the
argument of let's arm a war criminal
like Benjamin Netanyahu and watch him
obliterate Gaza with 80 percent civilian
casualties like he did in 2014 all right
we're running a long time there couple
of the issues I did want to hit we know
what the president has done visa vie
climate change pulled out of the Paris
Accords you made mention of that Kyle I
wonder is he winning the debate in the
sense of is the in is the United States
moving further away from what they
should be doing air quotes should be
doing with climate change or is he
losing that debate
well he's winning in the sense that he's
getting done what he wants to get done
but that is a loss for all of humanity
because there was just a climate change
report that came out it was actually
from his administration ironically where
they said we're gonna have a seven
degree temperature increase by the year
2100 and that is beyond catastrophic
they said if we don't radically change
course by 2030 we're done the planet is
done and I know that sounds hyperbolic
but is it really I mean all the evidence
is pointing to the fact that this is
really happening and it's gonna be a
disaster and there's gonna come a time
where we literally have wars over water
there's gonna come a time when that you
know that the cost of just regular goods
and food
spikes drastically because there's
drought and famine everywhere and an
issue that I think should appeal to
conservatives because they say they care
about this is if you're against you know
letting immigrants in or refugees in
well I mean listen that's gonna be the
biggest refugee crisis ever because
they're gonna have to empty out the
Middle East by 2100 because it's gonna
be too hot for humans to live there so
you think the Syrian
Viji crisis is bad wait until you get a
load of the climate change refugee
crisis here's where I think the common
ground between the groups are and this
is how I feel about whether they think
climate change is happening it's
man-made or it's climate change just
because that's just how time is going
fine as long as the end result is you're
doing whatever you can just to take care
of our planet I don't care what you
believe and that's where we need to have
the conversation unfortunately that's
not happening right now you either like
climate change and hate the planet or
you love climate you you hate climate
change you don't believe the plan I mean
it's it's too polarized the key is the
end result
and I think across the board everybody
has to understand they have to do their
own part in taking care of our planet
whatever that might be and take
responsibility for it for the future
I think we should do a new new deal
where we build the technology of the
future renewable energy revolution where
we also give people millions of jobs in
the process government-funded jobs
there's a role to play for both the
private sector and the public sector and
I think you know we can use the New Deal
as our model going forward and literally
do a new new deal and we could go down
this path and finally get off fossil
fuels which is an absolute it's just
absolutely necessary according to
scientists well I think the biggest
thing is with the Paris climate Accord
is every country has to be held
accountable for it yes the United States
puts their contribution into it but
let's also hold Asia accountable let's
hold Europe accountable let's hold
Russia let's hold everybody accountable
to the same standards because we might
take care of our country we might write
abide by a bit guess this is a world
this is one issue that is a global issue
and if not everybody's doing their part
it's it only punishes those that are
trying to but we do more carbon
emissions so I mean have you have you
looked at Asia where they're wearing
their the pollution in that in China
right no come on you can't compare us to
them right no I and I'm not saying that
you know hey where other where other
nations are polluting that they
shouldn't also be held to a high
standard but what I am saying is the
argument from the United States and
specifically from the Trump
administration was like oh god they're
singling us out in the Paris climate
agreement and that's just not the case
the reality is we
are one of the top polluters and we have
more carbon emissions in most other
countries so of course by definition
you're gonna have to do more because
you're already doing worse so that's why
they they had to do that but in this
this is where this all rounds back in
together one of the reasons why Chinese
products can be so so cheap one of the
reasons why NAFTA was such a bad did the
World Trade Organization so bad versus
because we do put these regulations on
business and it does hurt the people
that are trying to get jobs because they
can't compete with China that doesn't
have the EPA regulations that we have
here and so they can produce a cheaper
good is where it all comes back together
so if we're gonna do it let's do it
across the board to where everybody's
then our workers can be leveled out can
be fair and compete and you won't have
lesser products that are made without
having the same regulations we who can
stop the outsourcing without also
destroying the climate in the process so
then let's not destroy the client over
there the climate over in Asia either
let's have it across what if you truly
believe in let's hold us all to the same
standards same accountability but if
really why doesn't have as much
pollution as we do that Hong Kong dives
Japan and China the biggest we're not
abiding by all right I'm jumping in now
last question and this is the one where
I need you to go for broke as I see it
right now the president is enjoying air
quotes his highest approval rating
second-highest in his presidency you can
make the argument that he is stronger
and more popular now than ever before in
his presidency with exception right
after his inauguration I would make the
argument you can either buy or sell on
this that there's a distinct possibility
that President Trump will be reelected I
want to hear from you your strongest
argument why that is gonna happen or is
not going to happen well you know
pending Kanye and Candace Owens running
I don't know the thing is about 20 I'm
still one of those I'm still not
completely well if he with these numbers
stay which could be doubtful depending
on what goes on the next two years the
private part is still extremely
fractured but so is the Democrat Party
there's still a lot of healing that
needs
to go on with in the Bernie Sanders fan
there's a lot of supporters that deserve
apologies for what happened to you guys
and it's just as bad on the Republican
side too
but I stopped holding my breath for an
apology for for how they discounted the
different groups so if there's more
people probably there's more
establishment Republicans that want to
see Donald Trump lose and probably
Democrats are so if Trump is able to
somehow continue the reason why Trump
won was that
honestly six weeks before the election a
lot of people got notices in their
mailbox that their health care was
canceled or that their premiums were
going up and that was in key states like
Minnesota Wisconsin South Carolina North
Dakota Virginia Tennessee key states
that right there people you know what I
don't know about him but I know what we
have isn't working and I'm not going to
stick with it that is one you know one
case right there so it all depends on
what is happening at the time I do think
he could be reelected if he gets back to
his populist theme but he's gonna have
to justify some actual results from his
promises because that's the one thing is
people can't take anymore
our broken promises they don't they they
won't go for another term of that yeah
and the Democrats got to find somebody
to go up against him I'm sorry your
field though the fields a little weak
right now not saying the probably it's
not too much but I mean I think I think
the reason Trump won is because he was
up against Hillary Clinton I think
that's so she was like the only person
in America would have lost a Donald
Trump but anyway I think the way that he
tans your question I think the way that
he can win is and I still think he's
underestimated to this day in that he
really does relentlessly make his own
case and he goes to these rallies and
don't get me wrong I disagree with him
and he lies non-stop but he is out there
making his case and he's talking
directly to his base and he's trying to
get his base to turnout in the midterms
I'm sure he's gonna do the same in 2020
I think every president from here on out
should steal that trick and go and do
rallies and do him on a regular basis
you see Joe Biden's rally didn't look so
good today
but the way that Donald Trump loses is
if the Democrats embrace the populist
left message and they go full-bore in
Bernie Sanders direction so if you have
and honestly it's not even specifically
about Bernie Sanders and I think every
Bernie supporter will admit this that
ultimately it's about his ideas and his
policies and we don't care how that
comes about but so I think I think if
you have a Democratic Party that is for
Medicare for all they're for free
college they're for a living wage
they're for ending the wars they're for
a new new deal they're for ending the
drug war if they're willing to fight on
the issues and they're willing to be
anti-establishment and anti corruption
and they're willing to say I'm not gonna
take any corporate PAC money I'm only
gonna take in small dollar donations I
think if the Democrats do that then I
think Donald Trump has no chance of
winning we're gonna have to end it right
there we didn't have a Q&A I can't speak
for my guest but please welcome Scottie
Nell Hughes I should say please thank
and please take Kyle kolinsky for a
fantastic civil conversation
