Ted Cruz is in a panic and he's in a
panic for a good reason because polling
indicates that his opponent Beto
O'Rourke is closing in on him and doing
so rapidly in fact an emerson college
poll published at the end of last month
showed that Ted Cruz was ahead by only
one point while an NBC News Mart Marist
poll showed him up by four points right
around the margin of error so right now
it seems as though Ted Cruz is someone
likely to win but you never know better
or work is just so close and and you
know some polls even show him you know
only a point behind Cruz you know I
don't even think Cruz is likely to win
at this point so the cook Political
Report changed it this race from likely
Republican to lean Republican and we saw
what happened when MSNBC leaned forward
means they're not really going forward
anyway Soko political reporter is
conservative not in their politics but
in their assessments of these races I
think that they give too much of an edge
to incumbents and all these polls are
based on likely voters but in a race
like better or the Texas race we're
better o'rourke might actually aspire a
lot of Latinos to come out in Texas
against Ted Cruz I know that a lot of
the the Washington pundit class just
looks at it as well Ted Cruz is Latino
and better or or cares in our reach last
name and we're done with it
Latinos will vote for Ted Cruz no they
won't like to be fair to Washington not
everybody thinks that way and they're
not that stupid but a lot of them do oh
wow because they think identity politics
check right no no no no better was
actually appealing to Latinos with
policies Ted Cruz has done nothing for
Latinos while he's been in office in
Texas so the only reason I bring that up
is because that might bring out a lot of
unlikely voters as we saw in Florida
Andrew Gilliam race so this is actually
taking the context of the 2018 elections
into account and when you do I believe
better stands an excellent chance of
winning it's not an accident that the
Republicans are in a panic
and Cruz is in a panic yeah they know
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tag
for Ted Cruz
let me give you an example of all the
different ways they're panicking or a
revealing how panic they are first of
all Republican politicians have
notoriously hated Ted Cruz because Ted
Cruz is such an unlikable guy but now
you know Republicans are rallying in to
support him because they realize oh my
god if Ted Cruz loses well then you know
the Republican control in the Senate is
at jeopardy right so lieutenant Texas
lieutenant governor Dan Patrick
personally requested that President
Trump get involved in senator Cruz's
re-election to boost turnout amid this
increasingly close race now dan Patrick
was actually the chairman of Trump's
2016 presidential campaign in Texas in
Texas
and so it's look Trump has already
agreed to come and do a huge rally for
Ted Cruz remember Ted Cruz and Donald
Trump hated each other
during the 2016 election Ted Cruz's wife
was insulted by by Trump his father was
insulted by Trump and now all of a
sudden you see these Republicans coming
in to support him now with that said
Cruz just recently had a rally and
during the rally he thought oh I got it
I got it uh this will work really well
let me go ahead and say really insulting
things about Californians and then throw
my wife under the bus while I do it take
a look we are saying tens of millions of
dollars flooding into the state of Texas
from liberals all over the country who
desperately want to turn the state of
Texas blue
they want us to be just like California
right down to tofu and silicon and dyed
hair and by the way I married me a
California vegetarian she's wonderful
but I brought her to the great state of
Texas forced her to eat steaks No won't
have any of that vegetarian crap in
Texas he's just like why did you need to
throw your wife under the bus and that
weird anti California ranch well I'll
tell you why because she was already
under the bus he figured what's the harm
yes remember Donald Trump basically
called her ugly yep and Ted Ted Cruz
just sat there and took it he called his
father a murderer that killed JFK and
had the National Enquirer write that
story and Ted Cruz just stood there and
took it
I remember what Ted Cruz's nickname was
from Donald Trump lyin Ted and he just
sit the stood there and took it
it's not what they do in Texas they race
guys like you yep who get there who take
an open-handed slab boy and what are you
gonna do sit there and bleed all they
know it turns out Ted Cruz is like no no
I'm not gonna bleed I mean I am but on
top of that I'm gonna kiss your ass and
that's exactly what he's doing now
better or work has policies that are so
popular with the people of Texas that
Cruz doesn't know how to attack him so
in an effort to somewhat attack him he
puts out a campaign ad going after
better O'Rourke's language take a look
yeah better O'Rourke wants to be a
senator so he's showing up across Texas
sharing his wit his wisdom what the fuck
are these guys doing and his character I
really
bateau shows up in your town maybe keep
the kids at home because this is what
better O'Rourke she's showing us I don't
know I personally would be more
concerned about my kids being around a
u.s. senator who tweets out incest porn
like Ted Cruz has but nonetheless it's
interesting because the attack here is
better orc uses the f-word he's a bad
guy he curses and so Ted Cruz's strategy
is to take Donald Trump and have him
rally for Ted Cruz in the state of Texas
well Donald Trump isn't exactly someone
who has clean language our country's
going to hell it's going to hell what
the hell are we doing knock the hell out
of them my tax proposal cuts the hell
outta taxes I don't give a damn he gets
the nomination they're gonna sue his ass
off we'll beat this batter them let them
beat this Ted of Isis also they're
ripping the fat of the sea we're gonna
knock the dead of Isis
they're not they whoever the hell birth
is Mike's system dump the son of a to
put it in I'll tell you you shouldn't
pay the bear sir
but it's political bull she said he's a
pussy and you can tell them to go
themselves you're not get a reasonable
price
this is your mother
yeah Republicans are really concerned
about cursing by the way I'm so happy
that Ted Cruz did that ad against better
or work if I was better or or black
thank you for saving me the money
because that makes about a look like a
tough guy
so like and understand the more most
important part of it it's what Anna
alluded to it means Ted's got nothing on
Beto he's like damn it Medicare for all
is now polling at 70% of Sparrow's
number one issue it's now polling at 52
percent among Republicans who say yeah
but but he kind of curses oh that's so
sad
that's so sad that what you have left
now to give you a sense of how much the
Republicans are in a panic Mitch
McConnell Ted Cruz had called him a liar
on the Senate floor Mitch McConnell's
like I don't care man we got to save the
Senate he gave money to Ted Cruz Ted
Cruz it's wooden bag John Cornyn in his
Senate reelection in the primaries
corners like ok he gave money to Ted
Cruz by the way better O'Rourke doesn't
take any corporate PAC money and he's
out raising Ted Cruz he raised twenty
three point six million dollars how the
hell did he do that
a small dollar donations we'll have a
link to better or our campaign website
down below if you're watching later on
YouTube or Facebook that's partly how he
did it anyway but my favorite is Lindsey
Graham now also helping Ted Cruz even
though he once said if you killed Ted
Cruz on the floor of the Senate and the
trial was in the senate nobody would
convict you know I didn't know he said
that as I was reading this story I
literally said out loud oh my god right
I couldn't believe it so and by the way
Mitch McConnell gave the maximum
donation to Ted Cruz's campaign those
Republicans can't stand Ted Cruz either
but they are seeing Texas slip away from
them cold sweat panic tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick two easy ways
for young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
