when bill o'reilly was forced out of his
fox news show due to super creepy sexual
assault allegations tucker carlson took
a spot
and while carlson is known for his
shockingly hateful commentary on most
social issues he recently attacked the
brazen greed of america's largest
corporations here's an exact here is an
example of what I mean the huge number
of Amazon workers are so poorly paid
they qualify for federal welfare
benefits according to data from the non
profit group new food economy nearly 1
in 3 Amazon employees in Arizona for
example was on food stamps last year
Jeff Bezos isn't paying his workers
enough to eat so you made up the
difference with your tax dollars now
okay when did tucker carlson suddenly
become concerned about low wages and I
feel like I've heard these same points
before but from someone completely
different let's see who makes extremely
similar points about Amazon right now in
this country we don't talk about it
enough there are millions of people who
are working two or three jobs because
wages are much too low and what the
American people say is raise the minimum
wage to a living wage fifteen bucks an
hour that's what the American people
want if you're watching the video
version of the show I love how Jake
Tapper blinks his eyes like a billion
times as Bernie Sanders is making a
great point but anyway look we live in a
strange world right never would I have
imagined that Bernie Sanders and Tucker
Carlson would agree on something and
guess what Amazon isn't the only
corporation that Tucker Carlson has gone
after on his show one recent study found
that many Luber drivers lose money
working for the company that's not a
sustainable business model the only
reason it continues is because of your
generosity because you're paying the
welfare benefits for ubers impoverished
drivers child billionaires like Travis
get to keep buying bigger houses and
more airplanes
isn't that amazing Bernie Sanders
someone who's supposed to be the
antithesis of the ideological propaganda
you usually see on fox news believes the
same thing if you go to Bernie's website
you'll find that he shared an article
titled uber is not the future of work
the article explains how Ober mistreats
his employee
with low pay week collective bargaining
rights and lacks overtime rules so given
that Carlson and Sanders seem to make
similar points on corporate greed
what does Tucker Carlson think about
Sanders as a politician Bernie Sanders
of all people is trying to get your
money back from Jeff Bezos this is
especially amazing since Bezos is on
Bernie side on most things
they're both left-wing activists but on
this question Bernie is right he's
planning legislation that would force
big corporations to return the
taxpayer-funded welfare benefits you
have paid to their workers it's not a
perfect solution and it's unlikely to
pass no matter what they may say in
public liberals in Congress would never
support something like that I just love
how he began that statement with birdie
of all people as if he's the one who's
been spewing Pro corporate propaganda
for a living Bernie was able to amass a
gigantic following because of his vocal
criticisms of corporate greed Tucker on
the other hand has consistently aired
segments arguing against raising the
minimum wage
he's also against regulations that
protect workers in addition to unions
that would give employees collective
bargaining rights so why is Tucker
Carlson suddenly sounding a lot more
like a progressive on the issue of
worker pay and corporate welfare this
system is indefensible and yet almost
nobody ever complains about it how come
well conservatives like us support the
free market and for good reason the free
market works but there's nothing free
about this market a lot of these
companies operate as monopolies they
hate markets they use government
regulation to crush competition there's
nothing conservative about that just as
there's nothing conservative about most
of being corporations just the opposite
they are the backbone of the left pick a
left-wing cause that you think is
hurting the country check the donor list
and you'll find the name of some
corporation often many corporations now
I kind of understand why Tucker Carlson
has this non-stop permanent confused
look on his face even as he's reading a
teleprompter he's not making any sense
so Carlson is comfortable attacking
corporations like Amazon and uber
because he perceives them as
companies that consist of liberal
activists which is hilarious
all we ever hear from conservatives in
regard to businesses in Silicon Valley
is that they're evil doers who want to
destroy the country and it's because
they're CEOs kind of support
left-leaning social issues America has
changed enormous ly in the last 20 years
a lot of people you thought were your
allies are in fact working against your
interests they have contempt for you and
your family your customs and your faith
Google is the most powerful company in
the history of the world it's the portal
through which the bulk of our
information flows that means that if
Google isn't on the level neither is our
understanding of the world to an
unprecedented extent Google controls
reality now Google has already shown a
disturbing willingness to distort
reality for ideological ends while
social issues are important a corporate
CEOs ideology on abortion religion or
gay marriage is not a good indicator of
whether they pay their employees a
living wage Tucker was rarely up in arms
about how workers were treated before
conservatives started freaking out about
socially liberal Silicon Valley CEOs but
if you listen to a principled person
like Bernie Sanders you'll see that he's
been spending our spreading the word
about record corporate greed from both
socially liberal and conservative
executives Silicon Valley is no
exception if you look at the bigger
picture the majority of top US companies
in the US are not owned and operated by
lefties Forbes compiled data consisting
of the 50 richest families in America
as you can see 56% of them are
Republicans while 14% are Democrats
around 30% have a mix of both political
parties but if you mostly focus on
Silicon Valley executives as Carlson did
you'll notice them siding with the
right-wing when it comes to regulations
in fact just last year researchers at
Stanford University conducted the first
comprehensive look at the political
attitudes of what they called wealthy
technologists according to the New York
Times on most culture war issues they
are unrepentantly liberal they oppose
restrictions on abortion favor gay
rights support gun control and opposed
death penalty that's why someone like
Carlson has no problem attacking these
companies but the study found one area
where tech entrepreneurs strongly
deviate from the democratic orthodoxy
and are closer to most Republicans they
are deeply suspicious of the
government's efforts to regulate
business especially when it comes to
labor they said that it was too
difficult for companies to fire people
and that the government should make it
easier to do so and guess what they also
hope to see the influence of both
private and public sector unions decline
in other words at the heart of what
makes these Silicon Valley companies
behave poorly toward their employees is
what people like Tucker Carlson have
been supporting for as long as I can
remember
deregulation Tucker makes it seem as
though their social liberalism is what's
leading to low wages when in reality
it's the same free-market
anti-regulation BS he supports a lot of
these companies operate as monopolies
they hate markets they use government
regulation to crush competition Carlson
just said that these companies use
government regulation to crush
competition and create monopolies except
antitrust laws which of course are
regulations are meant to prevent
monopolies Robert Reich writes that
America used to have antitrust laws that
permanently stopped corporations from
monopolizing markets and often broke up
the biggest culprits no more now giant
corporations are taking over the economy
and they're busily weakening antitrust
enforcement monopolies were so
problematic during the industrial
revolution that our government had to
craft laws preventing them from forming
all to protect consumers presidents and
other politicians around the turn of the
20th century we're looking to help the
American economy and they recognized the
need to regulate monopolies the Sherman
Act of 1890 was the first law that made
monopolies illegal in 1914 the Federal
Trade Commission Act which created the
FTC and the Clayton Act were passed to
further protect consumers and smaller
companies regulatory policies were
installed to outlaw price gouging and
mergers which would hurt competition
according to the Harvard Business Review
the golden
era of antitrust laws was between the
1940s and mid-1970s but with the
emergence of the Chicago School of
Economics and its successful promotion
of neoclassical theories enforcement of
these laws began to wane in fact it had
been more than 40 years since the
Justice Department sued to block a
vertical merger until Trump's DOJ
finally did so last year to block the
atnt time warner acquisition by the way
that acquisition will be moving forward
look while Tucker Carlson and Bernie
Sanders are both able to identify the
disastrous behavior of major companies
like Amazon and uber keep in mind that
they're attacking these companies for
different reasons for Bernie it's all
about protecting workers and dialing
back corporate greed for Tucker it's all
about identity politics because when it
comes to corporate greed and
deregulation Tucker has always been one
of the biggest cheerleaders but when a
company's executives happen to believe
in socially liberal policy all of a
sudden they're worthy of attack oh you
know you want to see more videos like
this just subscribe to the channel below
and don't forget to become a TYT member
and download the TYT Plus app on your
phone head over to TYT dot-com slash
join today
