drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below Donald Trump
members of his administration and
right-wing media have been very quick to
condemn the victims of the attempted
bombings over the past two days many
people including myself in the damage
report predicted that this would be the
case although it seems ridiculous we're
gonna show you videos in just a second I
do want to acknowledge though what I
think is a historical occurrence that we
are experiencing right now I don't know
that it has ever been the case that
widespread attempted acts of domestic
terrorism have so readily and quickly
and universally been greeted with apathy
disinterest conspiracy theories or even
victim blaming as in this case I mean
based on what I've seen for most of the
high-profile
Fox hosts they could not even pretend
briefly to give a damn about the fact
that multiple former presidents vice
president's high-profile politicians
celebrities were almost simultaneously
the targets of bombings and the
conspiracy theorizing started on Fox
News relatively early in the day than
bringing in guests saying it's a false
flag that has uh proceeded through to
Fox Business and to politicians as well
be really use the term false flag that
is all over Twitter like people are
brought on fox news these are the you
know the rights pundits and things like
that are saying false flag Rush Limbaugh
was saying instantly that it was from
the left
obviously Alex Jones is you know
everything's a false flag so that wasn't
that surprising we're gonna have a
little bit for him from Lou Dobbs as
well I want to start with the president
though because obviously we were waiting
to see you know who would he actually
lay the blame on and so we have a couple
clips for you here's the first those
engaged in the political arena must stop
treating political opponents as being
morally defective have to do that the
media also has a responsibility to set a
civil tone and to stop the endless
hostility and constant negative
often times false attacks and stores
have to do
they've got to stop okay so what you're
seeing there is the media is causing
this I mean we can bring up this tweet
and you'll see that he has continued
with that messaging a very big part of
the anger we say today in our society is
caused by the purposefully false and
inaccurate reporting in the mainstream
media so that was sent out less than 24
hours after CNN had to be evacuated
because people were worried that it was
going to explode he went back to saying
they are purposeful liars he didn't say
any of this state yet he'll get back to
that soon they are the cause of this so
again has the president the United
States ever blamed the victim of a
terror attack for being targeted by the
terror attack I don't remember that if
that has happened I have missed it but
on top of that in his messaging we're
not gonna play all of it but he says
that civility is the problem people
aren't civil and he references the media
he says you shouldn't be mobbed mobbing
people in restaurants so it's the
left-wing mobs they've been talking
about they're to blame he neither
mentioned any of the victims any of the
targets he didn't say any of them and
according to sources he has not reached
out to any of them including the former
president who was almost murdered in
this way the billionaires the
celebrities the politicians some sitting
some former he has not reached out to
any of them so far as sources know yeah
so in all of the ways that this could be
an inadequate and in fact horrific
response to a set of terror attacks that
is what this is you know I've like
everybody else and and it's part of what
he does so effectively is I'm no longer
moved in any way by the cruelty or
crassness or lack of a deft touch lack
of any human empathy that he has what we
should at least at a bare minimum be
struck by is his continuing effective
gaslighting of America like he says that
the media needs to set a civil tone I
mean he is the perpetrator of the tone
in America he and his band of supporters
and enablers in Congress that's who's
responsible for the tone in America it's
not 50/50 it's not 60/40 it's not 70/30
I don't think it's 8020 right no it's
overwhelmingly on them
well mning Leon him but he has changed
the narrative because he somehow has
this ability to make it they effectively
change the narrative to an extent this
week to where we talked about eventually
you have to respond to the madness of
the left-wing mobs right and the god
forbid that Mitch McConnell had his that
is deterrent it's dinner interrupted
right and you know and we we I heard you
know it's been talked about on the show
and I i wouldn't yell with anybody
during their dinner you know but it's
not that bad
and you know left and over the course of
human history there's been a lot of
violence perpetrated by the left but not
but that's not what's happening here in
this country other than some isolated
incidents you know that i don't know who
tracked it maybe was the Southern
Poverty Law Center but they tracked the
last like thirty nine somebody tracked
the last thirty nine moments of
political occurrences of political
violence in this country which would
include the horrible shooting of Steve
Scalise in Washington and there was 37
to - yeah it's been document and this
one things that they've always ignored
the the right-wing violence that comes
political violence that comes in the
country if we talk about the gaslighting
the degree to which the number of things
that they continue to lie about i'm
internal administration is you know
because he needs to support new we're
visiting a part of that support group
has to get out so are we gonna get to
sarah huckabee sanders but it's flooded
with so much so many false statements
it's hard to really keep track here we
said this before it's hard to keep track
and dispute each of them as they
continue to throw them at you so you can
go well as he says a you know maxi mars
i said they make sure that they feel
your presence make sure they can't go
anywhere in public without being shouted
down or told to get they don't belong
here that was this year we're talking
when this man started his campaign like
that so if we're gonna if we're gonna go
with the flow chart of who began all
this this was 2016 this is 2015 this is
when he wasn't in all this keep it real
so that with if we're gonna go with
where it all started it obviously was
with him and then after that once he's
found this this active group of
continued haters he built that that his
entire platform with it yeah well and
again i would say you know for whatever
Maxine Waters said she doesn't have
we could show the the montage she hasn't
said many times when protesters come in
punch them in the face I'll pay her like
legal fees
she didn't say just a week ago I love a
Republican congressman that body-slammed
people and then do the body slam if you
can body slam someone you're my kind of
guy as people been pointing out well if
you're a trump supporter listening to
that if being able to body slam a
Democrat or a journalist makes you his
kind of guy maybe sending a bomb to a
Democrat makes you his kind of guy he
doesn't seem to be sending a strong
message against that Chang can I at
old-school last night at a conversation
about the New York Times and he took
attacked that many other left have taken
sort of critical the ties because
there's seeming eagerness to or a
willingness I don't know about an
eagerness to soften the far-right right
to humanize that sort of make the vault
right seem sort of nerdish yeah you know
and I and I bristle with the criticism
of the New York Times even though I
totally understand it I was frustrated
or nearly as frustrated as everybody
else by the tone of those articles but
in an atmosphere where the President of
the United States regularly has turned
the mainstream media porous as they are
into an enemy of the people I just can't
bring myself to join in criticism of the
New York Times because I because of
Trump because this is I mean he is I
mean this is a the Fourth Estate is
elementary and critical to the
functioning of a proper democracy and
it's not an accident that he is
successfully and determinately
undermining it even even at the day they
receive a bomb in the mail I agree I
will wait until another day but I will
do both I will criticize that terrible
op-eds and terrible light-hearted
profiles of Nazis and things like that
it is not as big of a problem as Donald
Trump it is still a problem and I think
that we can do better now in terms of
the things that Trump has said Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was asked for some
reason what she thought about all this
and this is what she said do you believe
that
president bears any responsibility for
what we've seen over the past two days
and does he regret any of the common
thing he's made about these opponents or
does he at least regret the tone that
he'd take it's like their presidents
condemned violence in all forms has done
that since day one we'll continue to do
that but certainly feels that everyone
has a role to play yeah so the thing is
that's a lie and you know I don't want
to be a Michelle wolf or whatever and
get attacked here but he said he likes
that a journalist was body-slammed like
a week ago obviously he doesn't condemn
violence and all avenues at this point
that is such an obvious thing and she of
course is never gonna be like you know
what that's a good point
he really he has been he's gonna been
excessive in some cases she's never
gonna admit that so what is the point of
talking to her at all you are never
gonna get anything approaching an
authentic response yeah I mean that you
know they finally figured it out because
you can't make fun of her the way he
could make fun of Sean Spicer because
she has a degree of she projects a
professional competent heir well being a
mouthpiece for a Thor eteri and want to
be fascist so there's no defense for her
behavior she should be ashamed of
herself on a daily basis but she's
smarter and more presentable and does a
much better job at it than John Spicer
so again that all was the danger and the
danger we're gonna also have if Trump
were to leave office and say Mike Pence
were to replace him it's almost the
exact same thing is that except far more
dangerous then the spikes are being
replaced by Sarah I'll give you Sanders
is that when you replace total
buffoonish caricature ish incompetence
with less incompetence and a different
kind of incompetent in fact the
appearance of competency while still
reinforcing the same the same sort of
brutality in the same degree of
undermining American institutions we
will have a tendency to say about Mike
Pence well at least he's not Donald's
right he's more presidential and there
will be any there will be you know what
you're right John let's let's check it
out and maybe it'll work out better but
we know but we do know how that will
save them in the columns that will come
out of there will be a narrative of at
least Donald Trump at least in Mike
Pence's restore dignity the Oval Office
okay let's say let's play a little bit
more cerebral Sanders he's calling for
us about peace and harmony in a civil
tone is he going to stop insulting his
political opponents at his rallies he
called Maxine Waters low IQ he's called
Joe Biden someone pulled off a trashy
he said Hillary Clinton is crooked
Hillary is he going to stop insulting
the people who received these bombs look
the president is going to continue to
lay out the contrasts answer it for you
but I'd like to finish my sentence the
president is gonna continue to lay out
the case and the differences between
Democrats and Republicans
Americans have a choice to make and he's
gonna lay that out so again you know I
love the reporters that try to do
traditionally what has been their job
but she says if you'll let me finish
I'll answer your question she goes on to
have no intention whatsoever of
answering the question these people were
almost assassinated are you gonna
continue to demonize them to your
followers well you know I'm gonna
continue to lay out the no you're not
actually responded to question will he
keep calling them insults and she knows
the response she knows the answer she
knows what he's gonna do and so she
evades constantly again why are they
talking to her yeah I guess she's much
more dangerous than Sean Spicer because
he was easy to make fun of she would
smile and she's a much bigger threat to
stability into American institution see
them even some of the American
institutions that we should probably
keep by the way that was chip Reid of
CBS News yeah I like her own record I
mean okay I'm okay let's continue to
talk to her because song records
continually of what she's again continue
to so as this all comes together says
you know before this proof we can match
up directly with what Trump has said me
what he's lying about now so she's lying
about it lady Blake oh yeah at that time
on October 24th when you also said
nothing is being done just it can keep
being filed that's all I'm having for I
think like in a more rational world that
would make more of a difference on the
go don't worry we got you covered if you
still listen to TYT at our new podcast
network find us on Apple podcast at
Google Play Store or at TYT comm slash
podcast
