Trump administration officials are
lining up to deny aggressively deny that
any of them had written the New York
Times op-ed anonymously that was of
course the notorious op-ed that made
Trump look like the incompetent fool
that he is now Mike Pence over the
weekend claimed that he was willing to
take a lie detector test to prove that
he wasn't the person who wrote it but
one of the things that stood out to me
was a conversation that took place on
Fox so Fox News has this panel and
Candace Owens is on the panel they're
discussing the New York Times op-ed and
what I love about the exchange that
you're about to see is how dana perino
handled it
take a look there's the political
appointee who wrote the offend honestly
that's somebody who President Bush of
President Trump chose it could be
somebody at the deputy undersecretary we
don't know there is no transparency mom
there's no transparency whatsoever it's
anonymous
Tesla's value presenting this as a
positive populist measure that was
amazing so Candace Owens is saying
there's no transparency so how do we
know that the New York Times didn't just
write it themselves yeah no but so I
blame dana perino and for and all the
current Republicans for staying in the
room that is filled with people who
recently escaped from a sane asylum so
you see dana perino reaction on there
Candace Owen says mean how do we know
the New York Times didn't just write it
itself that's a preposterous thing to
say well so they would risk hundreds of
years of their reputation on this one
op-ed and how many people would risk
their careers they would all get fired
anyway it's beyond preposterous and dana
perino knows it she was right like she
winces what does she ever get up and
walk out of the room of course not no
but here's the thing this is the thing
that drives me crazy back in 2016
Candice Owens had a blog it no longer
exists but BuzzFeed did a
great expose on this blog that she had
where she made fun of Tea Party members
said that she can't wait for them to die
right peacefully in their sleep I hope
she said something like that she made
fun of Trump incessantly including
making fun of his penis size
now the blog did and she ran it okay so
some of those pieces were written by
different people but she ran it no no
she ran it okay but the whole thing
about Tea Party members
she wrote that okay she wrote that so it
looked the reason why I'm bringing that
up is because she's a paid show right
she is paid specifically to go against
the best interests of her own community
and say all of these lovely things about
Trump how did she go from despising
Trump in 2016
despising the Tea Party and then all of
a sudden oh you know what actually Trump
is the greatest everyone loves Trump
Trump is so great for the black
community you think we're idiots I mean
some portion of the country consists of
idiots they because they believe her
they believe that she's had this like
weird out of nowhere moment where she's
decided oh now I'm a conservative she's
getting paid Turning Point USA she's
getting paid by them to say the things
that she says the thing that frustrates
frustrates me the most is that she'll
get these segments right they'll invite
her on to various shows to spew her
nonsense that she doesn't actually
believe look if she genuinely believed
the things that she was saying that's
one thing but she's paid to say the
things that she's saying and so and
everyone seems to know it but no one
seems to care yeah we'll have her on Fox
will have her on whatever show yeah so
look guys hey is she did she consciously
make a decision at some point in 2016
I'm gonna sell out I don't care I just
want to get paid yes she did okay so
that's Anna's theory and but you could
have a hybrid of that possibility where
she does the video and goes hey maybe
conservatives are right and
conservatives come in and start
rewarding her so they reward her in
views they reward her revenue and then
somebody comes and says hey you know
what if you go around the country saying
that you can get paid a lot of money she
goes yeah yeah I meant that I did now
when she's on the Left she gets paid for
nothing because the left pays for
propaganda I know that the right-wing it
does projection and they think Soros
funds everything et cetera no trust me
no one on the left
paid for a goddamn thing you gotta earn
every single dollar absolutely look no
no liberal organization or progressive
organization is gonna pay a black woman
to say progressive or liberal things
okay but by the way they wouldn't pay a
white male evangelical to come out and
go the evangelicals are wrong and white
pills it's preposterous there's no one
other left everything does anything to
get but if you are a black woman who's
gonna say other blacks are wrong other
women are wrong you're gonna get a huge
payday and that's what happened to
Candice Owens so whether it started out
slightly earnestly but by the time she
got those paychecks she's like oh yeah
that guy who I thought was a monster
who's awesome here's the greatest is the
great weren't the paychecks keep coming
right okay he's fantastic I do liberals
that I was just a minute ago or the
worst of the worst and it's okay ice
anybody can see how this play out but to
me I know you're mad at Candice Owens no
I'm not mad at Candice Owens Candice
Owens is part of a corrupt media you
know ecosystem and she's profiting from
it right and by the way I want to be
clear about something
are there black conservatives who are
genuinely principled conservatives of
course of course there are right Candice
Owens does not fall under that category
I know you know you research her you
figure out what her past is just listen
to her try to back up her conservative
talking points she can't do it she
doesn't even have the intellectual
curiosity to look into it and figure out
how to answer follow-up questions about
her so-called conservative ideas what's
amazing is that the conservatives don't
care at all they don't care oh they're
like oh you don't know anything who
cares Sarah Palin Donald Trump George W
Bush Candace Owens they're all
maniacally stupid and conservatives
think who cares as long as their
parenting won't we want him to pay look
I'll give you an example what Ana is
talking about Larry elder now Larry
elders an african-american conservative
he's had guiding principles his whole
life I don't agree with those principles
I've had huge debates with him on air
but he actually believes those things
now he gets paid as a as a talk show
host but that's his job there's nothing
wrong with that he had those principles
on one he didn't sell out to become a
conservative he's that's what he's been
doing and I can you good vehemently
disagree with Larry but nobody I don't
know anyone that thinks he's stupid I
don't know anyone who thinks he's doing
it
in genuine suede cetera so you want a
respect Larry elder even though I
disagree no problem no problem this you
know Candace hos comes along because
who's paying who's paying conserves yeah
I'm in I don't know what I'm in for
but who cares did I do the research
Republicans don't believe in research so
but to me I'm more angry at the Dana
purina's of the world we just sit there
and go oh yeah yeah maybe the neighbor
said of course she's a New York Times
didn't make it up and I'm sitting next
to an insane person well that's okay
we're I mean is look I know I'm a former
Republican from a long long time ago and
it was a long transition that people ask
me about all the time hey I care about
balancing budget so turns out
Republicans never balanced budgets you
know I care about not attacking country
that didn't attack us that was George HW
Bush's policy George W pushes his sons
policy was the exact opposite these are
interesting conversations and I remember
Ben mankiewicz telling me when we work
together Miami night now 20 years ago
said you're in the wrong room
those guys you have principled
opposition to affirmative action because
you think it hurts minorities everyone
else in the room thinks odd the black
people are getting too much and by the
way I will I remember being in rooms
where people would literally say that
and I came at the conclusion I'm in the
wrong room so Dana Perino sits in that
room
she knows she's in the wrong room and
she's just symbolic of all the other
people both in the media and in politics
you think they don't know Trump is
mental of course they know of course
they know Dana Perino knows Trump is
maniacally stupid and self-centered and
a pathological liar and all of them know
it but they're like checks are still
clearing right still Cleary
yeah I'm staying in the room too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
