so right in the beginning of the week we
told you we're launching a membership
drive I'm going to give you the exciting
number we're at now we're doing
something crazy we're telling you how
many paid subscribers we have no one
else on the planet does that we're
updating it daily for you guys we
started the week at twenty seven
thousand six hundred sixty one that is
incredibly specific we update it for you
all the time there it is there just hold
although we got so far and it said and
there being in that I can we see thirty
thousand by the end of the day an answer
was a resounding no we could not that's
crazy of course I were not that many
people were gonna sign up in one day and
I said Anna that might take a while or
did it okay so hold okay you never know
with us you never know okay
so every day we've been giving you
something a little extra now next week
when I start progressive videos okay and
on different topics that you're gonna
love them and part of what you're doing
is when you sign up for membership is
you get all the shows that we currently
have but we're also giving you more and
more content so soon John is gonna do a
video about climate change that
definitively proves it you could send to
your conservative aunts and uncles where
people go oh well I didn't I didn't know
that chart I didn't know the temperature
was going up every day okay so John
didn't know that but I just discovered
okay well John your TrueNorth how could
you not do what i watch true north okay
well that's a little bit longer than the
video so and I'm reading the nice
comments too but I got a fun excellent
news for you today to is to what you're
gonna get if you're a member which I
think you're gonna love but first a
couple of really nice comments we really
enjoy these so I'm going to go to Who am
I going to Arthur Clark okay
he said I'm your newest activist member
I'm happy to take part in this fight in
one of the only ways that I can well
Arthur god bless your heart so there's
two levels there's insider that's $4.99
there's activist that's $10 you get more
for activist plus you help build a home
a progressive so Arthur
bless your heart now I'm doing a shout
out to Emily English and she wrote in
been a member for over a year but still
watch on YouTube you guys are the only
thing getting me through this presidency
everyday you helped me catch my breath
about it all and thank you for being the
activist you are you guys made me feel
like we the people can actually
save our future team TYT for light
excellent we have to come up with some
sort of a gang sign obviously and we I
think we tried this a long time ago
mayonnaise ooze didn't really work there
there is one though sir you do this I'm
gonna do a stomp the yard version which
is TYT
and that's just a pitch and you know
what then you go like that TYT
that could be like the birdie that
landed on Bernie's pony oh yeah it lands
down t whitey whitey whitey just for
that idea Brett did that yes I can see
in the monitor and as I started I knew
it was a failure you know if you really
want a tough gang sign that you really
do want to do this hey guys before I get
the numbers so here's the fun great
thing you guys even get to so we have a
newsletter and so people love the
newsletter so far I read it I'm like oh
wait I didn't know that so that's a good
story and we have something extra in
there when we have special guests on we
ask them or even if they're not guests
if they're great progressives but they
we have some five burning questions just
kind of a interesting name
and Alexander Acacio Cortese
participated so if you remember you get
the newsletter you get to find out the
answers to questions such as what was
her proudest moment and the reality show
she didn't miss while campaigning you
know what I didn't read it yet now all
of a sudden like where's my newsletter
right so T y-t-dot-com /join obviously
to become over t1 t that concise Jordan
so now at the end of the week did we get
the thirty thousand do big reveal
I told you you never know was every
other show would have been a big lead up
to 30,000 no with us that's a real
number what can I do but the days not
over 127 yeah yeah we can do that right
now TYT not cops less join okay I think
true north is right I think we can do it
is there any coincidence that 27 is in
the number what is that I don't know I
think it's honestly don't want to see
people out there going like this if you
see this on the street please maybe I
don't know you know what maybe your
nickname could be Birdman that's weird
you don't have a nickname all right yes
and then we got a year one for Brooke
it's Center all right so having said
that thank you guys and thank you to all
the members for making this show
possible one last time at TYT dot-com
/join two easy ways follow young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
