there's a lot of important stuff
developing this week but by far the most
important is the confirmation process
for Brett Kavanaugh because he's an
awful right-wing ideologue who if he
gets on the court will be determining
policy in any number of different areas
for something like 30-plus years so
enjoy that if it happens and one of the
most important areas is a woman's
continued reproductive rights which he
would love for you to believe that he is
in support of because he's constantly
says that it's the settled law of the
land which is interesting because he
talked about that topic in an email that
was thankfully released this week saying
I am Not sure that all legal scholars
refer to Roe is the set of law of the
land at the Supreme Court level since
court can always overrule its precedent
and three current justices on the court
would do so so that's what he was saying
in private when he wasn't trying to get
on the Supreme Court pointing out that
you know if you get enough right wingers
on the Supreme Court you can just
eliminate the entire thing so he was
asked about that email during these
confirmation hearings by Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut who said is it
a fact judge also that while you were in
the Bush White House you took the
position that not all legal scholars
actually believe that roe v wade is a
set of law of the land and that the
Supreme Court could always overturn it
as precedent and in fact there were a
number of justices who would do so and
Cavanaugh responded I think that's what
legal scholars have some some legal
scholars have undoubtedly said things
like that over time but that that's
different from what I as a judge my
position as a judge is that there's 45
years of precedent and there's Planned
Parenthood versus Casey which reaffirm
row so that's precedent on precedent as
I've explained and that's important and
that's an important precedent to the
Supreme Court so he attempted to talk
about the email as if it was someone
else that he is rebutting but that was
him and that wasn't him as like you know
a right wing eighteen year old you know
college Republican that was him as an
experienced right-wing lawyer in the
Bush White House saying don't even worry
about this if we get enough
right-wingers on the court we can get
rid of it and now he is attempting to do
just that
remember he's a political apparatchik he
grew up in politics so he worked with
Karl Rove he worked in a Bush White
House and his job was to
you know be partisan on these issues and
now I'm not in the camp of TV pundits
who are like oh my god they're just
supposed to call balls and strikes we
all know their political of course the
Liberals are political because servers
are political but this guy worked in
politics so his job was to try to get
people in onto the courts that wanted to
overturn Roe vs. Wade when he worked for
the Bush White House so now and he
already had a chance to rule on at least
a related case in a case where the US
government was holding a pregnant
immigrant miner he voted in that case or
ruled in that case now luckily he lost
he was in dissenting opinion but he
ruled that she should not be allowed to
get an abortion so and understand that
it's not a necessarily binary well
either there is abortion or there is not
abortion allowed in this country there's
a thousand ways to chip away at abortion
rights
well Cavanaugh do that with even though
he's claiming oh I respect precedent in
Roe vs. Wade as precedent I'm
guaranteeing you right now that he will
so hey look it's in his political job
there was part and parcel to lie and and
he coached other people because he was
trying to get judges on that was
literally his job in the Bush
administration he would say hey make
sure you don't ant answer the questions
to make sure you say oh it's important
for the judiciary to be independent etc
that's also in the emails and the memos
so here he is going Wow I'm not saying
what a vote for door is and I'm just
saying it's precedent and a lot of
people respect president and some people
don't that's not a useful answer and so
it would be shocking if he didn't at
least take away a lot of the rights that
that there are in different states and
and we could talk about all those
different restrictions that he could
vote on yeah and I mean this is one of
the areas were like he's obviously been
put there to do this this is what he
wants to do but there any number of
other areas where he's gonna be
absolutely terrible he apparently in
every instance where he's been able to
vote on something heavy with the
environment this is a guy who apparently
doesn't believe that he lives on earth
because he's willing to see it you'll be
set in fire turn toxic all of that they
did an analysis of 12 years of his
record on the the circuit court
and when there was corporate interests
versus the people's interests he voted
with the corporation's 87% of the time
and that's you know that's workers
rights that's your labor and that's the
environment it's it's all of this and so
if he gets on and right now they have
the votes probably to get him on you're
gonna be hearing about him helping to
determine like we could have we could
have had it the other way could have
been 6-3 it's gonna be 5-4 conservative
at least assuming Trump doesn't get
another one or two in the next few years
in all these areas and this should
hopefully remind people that while there
are many things that should determine
who you vote for president there is
perhaps nothing individually as
important as the sorts of Supreme Court
justices that they would choose but in
terms of how he will get rid of abortion
rights because we've seen how this goes
in states like Texas where they just
continually take away more and more of
it there are a lot of cases right now
working their way through the appeals
courts they're just one stop from the
Supreme Court
he could be ruling on these cases and so
you have June medical services versus
James Caldwell in Louisiana which is
challenging a 2014 law requiring
physicians providing abortions to have
admitting privileges at a nearby
hospital if that makes another Supreme
Court in their decision she could
effectively eliminate roe v wade you
don't have to be bound to what's in the
actual case that you're considering in
Texas there's whole woman's health
versus a Ken Paxton at all challenging a
2017 Texas law banning a second
trimester abortion procedure called
dilation and evacuation in Kentucky
there's one if we jump ahead Ohio
Indiana we're not gonna go through all
we're not gonna show you all of them
there's at least 12 or 13 right now let
alone ones that will come in future
years any one of those could result in
either a massive dialing back of your
rights in a row v Wade or the complete
elimination of it and it appears at this
point that if he gets on the court the
best-case scenario you can hope for is
that technically roe v wade will still
exist but will actually guarantee
nothing it is possible they will just
entirely reverse it but they seem set to
effectively remove any ability it has to
ensure your reproductive rights in all
of these cases just looking at them all
together like they essentially ban
abortion states are using all of these
different reasons banning abortion on
the basis of citizenship
the age of the mom parental permission
Down syndrome fetal disability look
forcing ultrasounds and I think well
none of these the argument against it is
none of these have the benefit of the
patient and that in most of these cases
they actually cause harm it's and it
just keeps going and going because a lot
of these cases hinge on state
legislature enacted laws so that's from
your state legislature so Indiana say
passed the law and it's made its way up
to the Supreme Court because the the
regional court the district court
blocked it and it's making sway the
Supreme Court what's so frustrating
about this is there's a lot of state
legislature voting district boundaries
that are so gerrymandered and the place
that buck stops when it gets appealed
can be all the way up to the Supreme
Court and then you have there's another
reason to keep your Supreme Court but
that's also another reason that you need
to fight extra hard for to make sure
that these laws aren't passed in the
first place and that you do have some
kind of review on on how your study or
districts are being drawn and you need
to fight extra hard because this is the
time when hopefully they're falling
asleep when it comes to voting for your
local legislators and you need to be the
most awake you've ever been so I'm just
gonna give three quick examples John
mentioned needing it many privileges in
a hospital to be able to provide an
abortion you might think what's the big
deal about that no that's a trick
so for example in Louisiana then the
hospital's deny admitting privileges
that people do who are doing abortions
and then you have effectively ended
abortion in that state so that way
there's no big moment where they go Roe
vs. Wade is dead and people get really
animated and upset and they go and vote
Republicans that because two-thirds of
the country is pro-choice you just drift
off to sleep and and they get what they
want quietly and that way
Kavanaugh can say well I didn't kill Roe
versus Wade I just ruled on these cases
another one says they request a
patient's entire pregnancy history
before they allow an abortion you know
what that means tell me all the people
you're sleeping with okay
it is gross it's invasive and it's meant
to intimidate women so that they don't
make choice about their own bodies and
their own healthcare another one is a
bill in Indiana
that vice-president Mike Pence was in
favor of where you have to ceremonially
bury or cremate the remains of the fetus
and and they make the women do that that
is gross it's unbelievable and so they
do all these different ways so they
effectively end your rights and trying
to make sure that you don't notice so
that's the trick that's being played
here I wish that first of all that all
Americans the 2/3 of us that approach
was had surrounded the building while
they were doing these hearings it would
have been an amazing visual if women's
March had come down during these
hearings and surrounded the building
that would have been amazing so now I
and then finally most importantly what
you need to surround is the polls and
you'll go out and vote and now women are
voting in record numbers so far in the
primaries already so that's great great
news but it's not a joke it's not I /
believe it's not a hypothetical they are
taking away your rights as we speak and
they want to lord over your bodies and
your will and your dignity as a person
they believe in big government that gets
between you and your doctor so the only
question that remains is are you going
to let them two easy ways to follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
