if people say your dreams are crazy good
don't become the best basketball player
on the planet be bigger than basketball
believe in something even if it means
sacrificing everything I hear that after
this mega are now boycotting kids with
dreams pop of that with their outrage of
a Levi's showing support for gun control
and soon they'll be left wearing nothing
but their red hats and a Papa John's box
but they can kick and scream all they
want this ID is history and that's
exactly how it will be remember this
week we saw Nike go all-in in their
support for Colin Kaepernick erecting
billboards in major cities across
America the core message pushes viewers
overcome adversity and accomplish their
dreams even when others tell you it's
impossible which is perfectly fitting
when narrated by a man who was forced to
give up one dream a football career in
his quest to accomplish channel equality
a dream that has been fought for for
decades in this country and led by some
of the most iconic figures in US history
from Muhammad Ali to Rosa Parks from
John Carlos to Malcolm X from Martin
Luther King to James Baldwin all of
these figures had one thing in common
they sought to disrupt society's
acceptance of persistent and entrenched
equality and during their time of
protest where they vocalize their dreams
of a better country they were vilified
Ali was banned from boxing John Carlos
and Tommie Smith were expelled from the
Olympics Rosa Parks was labeled
disrespectful and an agitator Martin
Luther King a troublemaker and at one
point in this country's history he was
considered the nation's greatest threat
by the FBI these are the same figures
who are now celebrated as heroes
oftentimes by the very same people who
tear down Kaepernick and seek to deflect
from his core message who not only used
veterans often against the wishes of
their family members to smear Catholic
and his message but who also like to
cite the most whitewashed quotes from
dr. King at the very root of dr. King's
movement was peaceful nonviolent protest
at the very root of alleys Rosa Parks
John Carlos and Tommy Smith's movement
was peaceful nonviolent protest and in
that time there were people like this
just like in 2018 when a black man
sought to use peaceful nonviolent
protest to invoke change we have people
like this you see not only will cap
elite be remembered as the man who
sparked a much needed national discourse
on police brutality but history will
also remember those who did everything
in their power to silence him and the
true meaning behind his protest you
think those who are hiding behind vets
and the military to avoid conversations
around racial injustice or the first to
do that he'll know well no you know what
they said to Ali right when he rejected
the draft yeah they said he was
disrespectful he was disrespecting the
military and the country you know what
they said to John Carlos and Tommie
Smith when they raised their fists
during the national anthem that they
were a disgrace to America
and the flag people history is there as
a perfect case study to not only show us
what has happened but what will continue
to happen while too many Americans
refuse to accept a black person pushing
back against their interpret
of what America is do you honestly think
these fake Patriots are the first ones
to say protests on your own time or
protest in the locker room hell no what
do you think they said to Rosa Parks
they said protests in your own
neighborhood around your own people
where no one can see what you're
standing for conservatives will go above
and beyond to manipulate the
conversation and make happening out to
be some sort of villain who seeks to
tear apart the country but every single
day we are reminded of why he is needed
like in Philadelphia where Jeffrey
Dennis's family are fighting for justice
right this moment after he was shot and
killed while unarmed by police like in
Wisconsin where a black child was
arrested after walking home with his own
white grandmother so you ask yourself
has America made so much progress
because of the men and women who sit or
kneel in silent protests on the cowards
standing around trying to shout over
them and drown out their calls for
change you only see more videos like
this make sure to get the TYT app right
now and you can join TYT at TYT Network
comm /join want to see more videos like
this then subscribe to the TYT channel
below and don't forget to become a TYT
member get access for as little as $4.99
a month download the TYT Plus app on
your phone or head over to TYT comm
slash join today
