hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt Elon Musk has been in the news
quite a bit as some of you might know
the stock value for Tesla has gone down
after Elon has engaged in some strange
public behavior and the more recent
example of that was in my in my opinion
this was not strange behavior but he was
on Joe Rogan's podcast and he decided to
do what humans do he smoked a little bit
of weed and so shares prices went down
further following that and then there
was also news of a relatively new
executive at Tesla resigning effective
immediately so just to give you some
details in early trading Tesla shares
were off as much as 9% early early
Friday afternoon they were down almost
7% at about two hundred sixty-two
dollars by the way he also had done this
interview with the New York Times and
let's come to me real quick
so he had done this interview with the
New York Times and I thought that it was
an important interview for him to do
because he disclosed to the world that
he's severely overworked severely burnt
out and so a lot of his strange behavior
publicly I think is attributed to that
now let's go to the executive who
decided to quit recently so the hiring
of the accounting chief Dave Morton had
been announced days before Elon Musk
abruptly took to Twitter last month and
declared that he was planning to take
Tesla private and had funding secured
the board at Tesla was not happy about
this they said please don't do it based
on what Elon Musk has disclosed publicly
now let's fast-forward to today where he
has this interview with Joe Rogan and I
was amused by it there was a lot of talk
about artificial and
telogen s-- just to give you a little
snippet of that here they are kind of
conversing about it Joe Rogan seems
amazed by what Elon Musk had to say as
all all things that we like and hate and
fear they're all there on the Internet
the projection of our limbic system
ain't no it makes sense for more context
basically what they were talking about
or what Elon Musk was talking about is
how we willingly share so much
information about ourselves online and
the way that I understood it was that
that information can be used to enhance
art its artificial intelligence you know
because our thoughts are already out
there on the internet now let's get to
the quick video of what people were not
too happy about I don't think it's a big
deal but Elon Musk did this good size to
hold joints
says that a joint always said it's a
gone yes no okay it's marijuana of
tobacco okay so it's like posh plot
tobacco pawn ever had that yeah I think
I tried one once come on man probably
can't because stockholders right I mean
it's legal right it's all illegal okay
how does that work then people get upset
at you if you do certain things
tobacco and marijuana in there that's
all it is
okay he's a genius he is he says an
electric plane design he already has
that takes off and lands vertically and
it's supersonic but he's like it's not
that important I don't have time for it
right now and but apparently he's not
smart enough to know that once you take
the first puff it's not like you
instantly become high okay he's like a
regular user and he had told the New
York Times that he doesn't smoke
marijuana because he doesn't think it
makes you productive I would disagree
with that but that's just me I don't
know well regardless I think I think the
reason that that the stock actually went
down today what was more because of the
CFO leaving because of David Moore 10
leaving because he basically is the
third accounting executive that's left
in the last few months like yes he left
after the the Twitter thing about
funding secured but but but I think the
reality of being involved in a company
not quite being sure what your yeah you
know leader is saying versus what's
actually going on which we kind of
talked about the beginning of the show
is more problematic yeah definitely I
would be finicky as well all right
listen on the marijuana let him go
that's totally fine two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
