Paul Manafort former trump campaign
chairman is apparently considering a
plea deal to avoid a second trial where
and he would plead guilty to some of the
charges he's currently facing in that
second trial to avoid that second trial
which will begin in about a month in
Washington DC all right let's talk about
why first of all he's now facing life in
prison given how long his sentence will
be and so that has got to be daunting to
say the least I originally thought there
was a 50/50 percent chance that that
Paul Manafort might or might not have
any evidence on Donald Trump Paul
Manafort is a criminal in his own right
and had done deals with pro-russian
Ukrainian forces that he did not
accurately report to the American
government that's what he got convicted
of recently and I thought well it just
might have been his scam and not
connected Donald Trump but Donald
Trump's panic after Paul Manafort was
convicted convinced me that in fact he
does have evidence on Trump this Trump
started tweeting like a madman would
wake up in the middle of the night go
rody where John they go back to sleep
okay and and he kept saying I started
talking about pardons to immediately and
and Rudy Giuliani said well we probably
won't pardon him now but we might pardon
them later right so this is obvious
that's like obstruction of justice in
plain sight so they were obviously very
very worried about what Manta fort might
say now this deal might be no I'm just
taking a normal plea deal like anybody
would I'm not going to go through trial
and hence I'll get a lesser sentence and
not turning any evidence against Trump
so you don't know that yet or it could
be here's your evidence against Trump if
he has any and now I'll take a lesser
sentence so we'll find out probably soon
enough but this story is what is to be
expected though after the news we got at
the top of the show I think any boy your
team would be like okay wait let's look
let's go back to this let's think about
this let's talk about this now mm-hmm he
can expect two weeks to come out of it
but it still makes you think that maybe
a plea is a worse option yeah I mean so
Brooks referring to Papadopoulos getting
14 days another member of trumps
campaign so if that was enriched the
sentence was so light in return for more
information
well the dominoes continue to fall
and one way we'll find out is at about
1:00 a.m. this morning when Trump gets
up to tweet something maniacal then
you'll have a sense of how serious it is
yeah yeah I mean he said I went through
a trial process it sucked
I going to get sentenced for it and then
appeal but the I'm you know I'm already
in for this much I'll just say yes to
something else and he can still be
relying on a pardon two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
