hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt President Barack Obama returned
to give a speech in Illinois where I
believe that he was more openly critical
of Donald Trump than he's been since
before the 2016 election we've got a
number of different clips but this first
one's gonna summarize the general tone
of his argument pretty well the status
quo pushes back
sometimes the backlash comes from people
who are genuinely if wrongly fearful of
change more often it's manufactured by
the powerful and the privileged who want
to keep us divided and keep us angry and
keep us cynical because it helps them
maintain the status quo and keep their
power and keep their privilege it did
not start with Donald Trump he is a
symptom not the cause he's just
capitalizing on resentments that
politicians have been Fanning for years
a fear and anger that's rooted in our
past but it's also borne out of the
enormous upheavals that have taken place
in your brief lifetimes
oh so that's what a intelligent
president sounded and so Trump hears
that speech and the correct reaction to
that should be embarrassment like oh he
speaks in complete sentences and
actually his eloquent and makes
interesting points instead Trump's head
it was so boring I fell asleep watching
the speech pretty early in the day
when it was nap time but what you said
was right this is absolutely the you
know I guess harshest critique ever this
is definitely the first time the former
president has criticized President Trump
while using his name by name publicly in
a speech and I think a lot of people
were like whoa what student they saw it
you know come out of his mouth
by the way I want to say one other thing
so he generally like this is the most
critical he's been but even that it's
very like like poet laureate critical
yeah and still the right responds with
well you got trouble lay off him whereas
Trump speech is there an Tifa bastards
we're gonna kill you all but this is too
critical this is how much time referring
there at Ben Shapiro with this is why
you got Donald Trump they can't take any
criticism whatsoever even if they're
it's a nuanced analysis of historical
trends being played on by deceitful
politicians but Donald Trump says they
love Isis they love ms-13 and the right
cheers for that that's totally fair
totally fair point design it's simple
quick into the point I mean that's what
it is it's just that you know we had to
jump cut Obama speaking because he takes
his time and I like it
and that is something that resonates
with me and I'm grateful for President
Obama speaking in a way that I would
hope my need more my president to speak
like but Trump speaking to his folks and
he's saying it very quickly in a
combination of two things one it's very
simple and reduced and then the other
one it's just yeah I'm gonna be done
talking in two seconds after saying
words buzzwords you've read in headlines
so then you can clap right and and
incredibly repetitive it was a long long
speech and he kind of you know joked
around about being quiet and that
angered a lot of people like just him
being quiet over all this time but this
long speech he touched on almost every
thing that uh you know broken the news
that people were asking him to talk
about he kind of hid everything yes half
long speech to John's point you know you
might be a snowflake
if you get triggered by nuanced analysis
so and what is Trump said of
Obama people like oh Obama might be
bringing decorum here by criticizing a
sitting president when he's a former
president decorum we're still having a
conversation about decorum Trump said
Obama wasn't even an American Trump said
a hundred terrible things about Obama
while he was president and afterwards
while Trump is president
he hasn't respected that rule at all he
tweets all the time about how Obama it
should be investigated by the Department
of Justice he's basically threatening to
lock up Obama
yeah and Obama has to follow decorum I
would come on god there is no bigger
whiners in the world than right-wingers
in America yeah like like hey you know I
think you might be a little vomit said
that that this guy is the symptom not
because babies this is just me
speculating here but Brooke mentioned
this word earlier maybe they just do
need a nap it's just they need a nap
because it is like this complaining like
no you know when you're you know when
you were tired and angry and your
parents were like I think it's nap time
they would just be you know I don't want
to do it I'm totally a wooden hmm yeah
they passed and I don't know me I think
that Riley should start with a good 15
minutes just don't wake a nap yeah sorry
I just want to say what one one more
thing about this because I won't talk
about the substance of what Obama said
the best line he had was he that Trump
is the symptom not the cause because and
that's a very similar to a line Namek
line said here on The Young Turks
she said if we go back to a time where
we get rid of Trump right well that's
the time so bad that it created Trump so
that's not good enough resistance is not
good enough what we need is true reform
a revolution now Obama doesn't go that
far because he's not that guy he's a
fairly establishment for your
keep it real okay but it is an excellent
point that he is making saying look if
you just got rid of Trump that isn't the
problem the problem is there is a great
great anger in the country and a
resentment and a paranoia that he talked
about throughout the speech and the
Republican Party in mass is feeding into
that the reason he got Trump is because
they did the Southern Strategy they went
to go try to appeal to racists in the
south and then they did dog whistles and
then they the whistles got a little
louder a little louder until they turn
into a megaphone that's Donald Trump
rallies going you know you know and
every black person he ever talks about
is low IQ I mean how's that for ironic
right for Trump and so I think that
that's the thing we need to focus on and
if anything Obama needed to be much
harsher and more frequent I mean this is
the first time he's come out there's two
months left before the election my god
man up and Adam yes he's punching you in
the face and okay but you're retired I
get it and I know you're writing a book
etc but there's all these people who
need your help so the Republicans claim
oh yeah we like to see Obama would like
to see it more that's moppy one no he's
sitting at nearly 60 percent approval
rating Trump's in the 30s oboe is nearly
twice as popular as Donald Trump he
should be out there all the time making
that case there any truth to that though
that uh
just seeing him invigorates and just
fires up Trump's base is there yeah I
hear what you're saying
and.and because if Trump was up for
reelection it wouldn't make any
difference because every racist is gonna
go vote for him anyway right and so when
they see Obama yeah that gets under the
racist skip right in the midterms it's a
little bit different they might be like
I don't know I'm gonna have a beer
instead and yell at the TV oh I saw
Obama but overall no it's a people get
excited to vote and and that's what
turns them out so when Trump was up for
election some of them were excited about
throwing a brick through the
establishment window they're like I I
don't like Hillary Clinton I'm gonna go
out there and vote against her and or I
like Trump because he's saying I'm
bringing back coal jobs I have a coal
miner or I like the 1950s I want to go
back
all these different things I know right
so but right now the Democrats are
animated and and they're super mad at
what's happened since then well there's
a good way to fix that so overall this
is how Republicans try to get you to not
do anything they go Democrats you better
not speak out Obama you better not speak
out otherwise our guys will get mad and
show up to vote ok then
nobody ever makes their case now don't
listen to it here's again well newsflash
for you guys
the Republican Party is not concerned
about what's good for the Democrats do
not take advice from them so very likely
it's the exact opposite no you should go
and make your case non-stop two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
