Juan's internal drop it
powerpanel brett erlich JQ Brooke Thomas
John idle Ola he was a showgirl you're
the second person to sing that this week
in history has had more nicknames with
no winners among wait Johnny to skypes
on the damage report when we have two
skypes he's Johnny to skypes that's the
name of the rundown in our program
except that today we did have two skypes
indeed yes and when we're coming
elections earlier in the week like eight
times over there was a comedian who ran
in one of the elections and his name was
Jimmy tingle and which i think is kind
of an unfortunate name I I think it
might actually be his real name I could
get my okay and and he lost but he got
40% which is actually shockingly good
yeah so anyway John does have a ton of
nicknames by the way one of my rare
nicknames I am the great dispenser of
nicknames but I do not receive many back
okay and Hansel in other words I have
you and myself Jake to pack two packs
Wolf Pack and I told a longer version of
this story during a postgame TYT dot-com
/join which we'll talk about in a second
but uh when I got arrested for civil
disobedience to get money out of
politics in Washington DC they say you
have any known aliases and I was like
why of course I know
is it El Jefe I always wanted to be
known as El Jefe
so now literally in my criminal record
it says Jake euchre aka el jefe if you
were to do that now you just be deported
No
wait a sees an opportunity I know right
no to that question I imagine I imagine
when they have actual aliases you say no
right I don't think that they're like oh
yeah Johnny two cakes right that's me
the guy with the SEO or Jean two or
whatever his name was Johnny two takes
or whatever oh is that what it was
yeah good everything into hands anyway I
don't even remember if it was Johnny but
I I can't wait for John to get arrested
because when they asked him for an alias
he's like you better sit down all right
anyways anyways we have a huge show
ahead for you guys we we've got amazing
stories about Donald Trump of course we
have an amazingly yellow dress on from
Brooke Thomas and everybody in here was
taking 28 selfies when I walked there
every other things to say alright so in
the beginning of the week we told you
we're launching a membership drive I'm
going to give you the exciting number
we're at now we're doing something crazy
we're telling you how many paid
subscribers we have no one else on the
planet does that we're updating it daily
for you guys we started the week at
twenty seven thousand six hundred and
sixty one that is incredibly specific we
update it for you all the time there it
is there's hold oh yeah so far and it
said and they're being in that I can we
see thirty thousand by the end of the
day an answer was a resounding no we
could not that's crazy of course I were
not that many people are gonna sign up
in one day and I said Anna that might
take a while or did it okay so hold okay
you never know with us you never know
okay so every day we've been giving you
something a little extra now next week
when I started progressive videos okay
and on different topics that you're
gonna love them and part of what you're
doing is when you sign up for membership
is you get all the shows that we
currently have but we're also giving you
more and more content so soon John is
gonna do a video about climate change
that definitively proves it you can send
to your conservative aunts and uncles
where people go oh well I didn't I
didn't know that chart I didn't know
temperature was going up every day okay
so John didn't know that but I
discovered okay well John your TrueNorth
how could you not do what I saw okay
well that's a little bit longer than the
video so and I'm reading the nice
comments too but I got a fun excellent
news free today to is to what you're
gonna get if you're a member which I
think you're gonna love but first a
couple of really nice comments we really
enjoy these so I'm going to go to Who am
I going to Arthur Clark okay he said I'm
your newest activist member I'm happy to
take part in this fight in one of the
only ways that I can well Arthur god
bless your heart so there's two levels
there's insider that's 499 there's
activist that's $10 you get more for
activist plus you help build a home and
progressive so Arthur
bless your heart now I'm doing a shout
out to Emily English and she wrote in
been a member for over a year but still
watch on YouTube you guys are the only
thing getting me through this presidency
every day you help me catch my breath
about it all and thank you for being the
activist you are you guys made me feel
like we the people can actually save our
future team TYT for life excellent we
have to come up with some sort of a gang
sign obviously and we I think we tried
this a long time ago me and hey-zeus
didn't really work there there's one
though you do this I'm gonna do a stomp
the yard version which is TYT
and that's just a pitch and you know
when then you go like that TYT that
could be like the birdie that landed on
Bernie's podium yeah it lands down T YT
YT
for that idea crack me up Brett did that
yes I can see in the monitor and as I
started I knew it was a failure if you
really want a tough gang sign that you
really do want to do this hey guys
before I get to the numbers so here's
the fun great thing you guys gonna get
to so we have a newsletter and so people
love the newsletter so far I read it I'm
like oh wait I didn't know that story
that's a good story
and we have something extra in there
when we have special guests on we asked
or even if they're not guests if they're
great progressives but they we have some
five burning questions it's kind of a
interesting name and Alexandra Cassio
Cortez participated so if you remember
you get the newsletter and you get to
find out the answers to questions such
as what was her proudest moment and the
reality show she didn't miss while
campaigning you know what I didn't read
it yet now all of a sudden like where's
my newsletter so T y-t-dot-com /join
obviously to become a better T YT that
calm sighs Jordan so now at the end of
the week did we get the 30,000 to big
reveal what seems like every other show
would have been a big lead up to 30,000
no it's a real number what can I do but
the days not over 127 yeah we can do
that right now T YT not comms less joins
okay I think true north is right I think
we can do it is there any coincidence
that 27 is in the number what is that I
don't know I think it's
I honestly don't want to see why three
people out there going like this if you
see the bit on the street please bird
motioning maybe I don't know you know
what maybe your nickname could be
Birdman all right yes and then we got a
year one for Brooke its center all right
so having said that thank you guys and
thank you to all the members for making
this show possible one last time at TYT
dot-com /join alright let's get started
okay I want to start off with a little
bit of recently breaking news this
happened within an hour of the show
happening and that is that George
papadopolis former Trump campaign aide
has actually been sentenced he has
gotten 14 days in jail it's not very
long Oh God ladies and gentlemen we got
us an entire fortnight John yeah he's
got he's got he's getting 1.4
scaramouche's in jail basically so also
one year of supervised release and yada
yada yada some other stuff or whatever
but just 14 days for lying to the FBI
about his involvement with you know
Russians conversation of Trump campaign
blah blah blah okay that it seems fairly
anticlimactic yeah and I'll tell you
especially because first they gave
evidence about Trump presumably on the
campaign and so they got a plea deal and
any pleaded guilty so it was like whoa
pappa dollars oh my god what'd he give
okay then later they seemed to panic and
his girlfriend came out and she's like
Oh mr. Trump
whatever you do what a pardon would be
great and Haley's please and so this is
what they wanted a pardon for for 14
days so maybe they took it down from 12
years to 14 days the investigation
lasted longer Kim got more time in jail
for lying to someone I think it was like
during a deposition or something but he
lied to the feds that should be a scary
thing lying to the feds you should be in
for I don't know if that makes it that
scary
also the feds you know they like to dole
out punishment this is interest I really
don't know what to do with this
information right it's two weeks and two
weeks for all of this now who's the
first one maybe they're just getting
warmed up I don't know but like two
weeks it doesn't feel like I got me yeah
so look important context and then we'll
have a little bit of fun with guessing
things that probably aren't true so the
context is that the reason he's getting
14 days is because he did cooperate
prosecutors so obviously they got some
sort of information that they found to
be useful otherwise the sentence would
not have been that light so I think
that's the most important takeaway now
the fun okay so if in the beginning they
give him a deal but they haven't done
the sentencing then he panics and he's
like yeah please pardon report bijelo
Trump and they had spoken out against
Trump before that so changing their
minds that asking for the pardon was an
indication that they were gonna get a
big sentence and at the end and the
girlfriend is still the fiancee is going
on TV all over the place saying the
prosecutors basically implying that they
lied to them so then it seemed like
there was gonna be a big scary moment
where they were gonna he was gonna get a
decade or something and then at the end
he is 14 days so did something happen
between their panic and the 14 days
where they gave more information mm-hmm
well one quote that I saw and again we
didn't even have formal write-ups of
this really was he said that he couldn't
guarantee that he hadn't said to trump
or the campaign during the campaign
anything about the dirt that the
Russians had acquired I don't know if he
said it to the Muller investigators and
the prosecutors or anything like that
but he couldn't confirm coming out of
this sentencing whether he had told them
about it again I don't know what to do
with that information I'm just telling
you what happens and this is the reality
of life you know I see so many court
dramas where people are giving or
cooperating with the police and the
authorities and then it ends up leading
to some kind of amazing dramatic moment
but this is not the bang but the whimper
that's just like 14 days and maybe we'll
find out later but it is good to see
that like there was something that
happened without
him it wouldn't you know he was the one
that started all these you know as NPR
writes dominoes falling but it's I guess
it just keeps going there's something
that happened out of it and we just need
to keep paying attention as it proceeds
so if you don't remember last piece of
context here is that it Papadopoulos
went and talked to some to an Australian
diplomat Australian then went and told
the US government hey this guy who's
working on the Trump campaign has
connections to the Russians that he's
been telling me about you guys should go
investigate the FBI then goes oh that's
disconcerting you're the presidential
campaign should not be talking to
foreign governments no matter who they
are that starts the dominoes but and
then the Trump team calls him a coffee
boy and he's not a big deal so there is
dispute that we still don't know the the
answer to obviously and that's why we're
partly speculating here as to how much
he did know and how much he gave to
Muller's team he clearly knew there was
a connection to the Russians and they
found it valuable enough to give him a
deal and give him a very very light
sentence if it was just hey the Russians
are interested in giving us information
I don't think he gets 14 days but if he
does have something about how he told
Trump
the Russians have incriminating evidence
about you well that would make it far
more interesting and perhaps that's why
we have the lighter sentence but for
today all we know is he did cooperate
and he got 14 days sentence the other
thing we know is that went on his alias
on his indictment his alias is coffee
boy Italian how often during this show
we come back around to this joke we'll
see so what do we move on to last
night's big rally Donald Trump held a
rally in Billings Montana and it was
really something he brought up the topic
of impeachment which is interesting
because many of the the Dems running in
these races especially the leadership
don't want to talk about impeachment
doesn't mean anybody they isn't but they
don't really want to focus on in terms
of the campaigns but that
not the impression that Donald Trump is
getting and so he spoke about this
argument over his potential impeachment
and also who would be to blame if he
were to be impeached which you'll see in
this clip they like to use the impeach
would impeach Trump Maxine Waters we
will impeach him but he didn't do
anything wrong it doesn't matter we will
impeach him you know I was thinking if
that happened every time a Republican or
a Democrat opposite got elected
president so let's say a Democrat gets
elected someday hopefully it's a long
time but let's say a Democrat gets
elected and let's say we have a
Republican House we will impeach that
Democrat right and then the Republican
and you do then what you're going to
have is you have a country that's going
to turn in to a third world country
because if the opposite party becomes
president every time before it even
starts before you've even found out
whether or not he or she is going to do
a great job he'll say we want to impeach
them and you'll a patient it's so
ridiculous but worry about that if it
ever happens but if it does happen it's
your fault because you didn't go out to
vote didn't go out that's what I'll give
him or he did appear to be joking at
least yeah so I my favorite part of this
is can you imagine a scenario where a
Democrat is president and the
Republicans try to impeach him over
something silly like maybe a consensual
affair oh right that already happened
did we forget that that already happened
and he said throughout the rally he's
like I mean how do you impeach a guy
who's doing really well well first of
all those two things are not at all
connected so if you killed someone while
the economy was doing well you still get
impeached right and the Democrat who was
in office when the Republicans impeached
him over something incredibly incredibly
minor was presiding over an enormous ly
successful economy stock market booming
unemployment down the deficits downturn
into surpluses so apparently it can be
done
and it was done by your party but he
didn't do anything wrong who cares I do
hear them say that a lot the Democrats
he didn't do anything wrong but we're
gonna impeach him no wait that was you
so bad because I've never heard that and
by the end considering all that he's
done from day one emoluments not you
know divesting all of that there's I
would say very little talk about
impeachment honestly yeah Elizabeth yeah
Elizabeth Warren brought up the 25th
amendment but only as a result of
someone inside of his White House
bringing it up that's what it took I'm
shocked that it's not more common of an
argument yeah I mean there are there's a
lot that you can focus on when you're
crafting a message for change and I
really am gravitating where the people
who are buying the impeach shirts I like
the impeach shirts I think they're great
I think they're funny you should totally
get one from the TYT store because
they're fantastic but also I like all of
the candidates who are just focusing on
issues that people generally can support
get behind agree with and that will
benefit a lot of Americans and a lot of
the people like the better works of the
world are are focusing on the issues and
I'm fine with that so Trump is just
setting up a straw man of all these
people who are like oh it's immediately
gonna be an impeach it's that you know
this the punchline was a joke but the
setup was even more ridiculous that's
what got me wait he could have taken the
time he could have absolutely broken
down everyone who has mentioned impeach
and their reasons why and he could have
come up with an argument against what
they're saying but instead he just wraps
it all up and something that isn't true
they just want to do it for the sake of
doing it
I'd never did anything wrong or they're
not saying I did anything wrong which is
not yeah and so to the to the point of
it not being true a couple things one
Nancy Pelosi is literally fighting
against impeachment every time they
asked her about it she's like that's not
what we're gonna do it's not a priority
of ours we're not gonna talk about it in
fact I think she's panicking in the in
the wrong direction I don't need them to
run their campaigns on impeachment I
agree 100% with Brent wrote it on health
care run it on economic dignity better
wages that said that's what the American
people care about on the impeachment is
a responsibility if somebody if the
president has done something wrong
you can't shirk that responsibility
because there's an election coming
and you think that all might energize
Republican voters to vote against you
and that actually seems to be Democratic
strategy so Trump is actually saying the
exact opposite of what the Democratic
strategy is now over
there are some Democrats that he
mentioned like Maxine Waters and others
who say yeah impeachment but overall
Democratic leadership so no not
impeachment not impeachment cuz they're
afraid to rile up Trump's pace now I
think that's silly but that is the
that's the strategy that they're doing
so it's the opposite of what Trump is
saying and and then like his defense of
the Republican Party as if like they
would never do that like could you
imagine if they get it back and forth I
mean other than the fact that I just
explained they did do it my god now
imagine if Hillary Clinton had won but
she wouldn't divest her money and then
did some self-dealing and made deals
with countries where she had personal
investments and then she wouldn't
release her tax returns so nobody ever
knew what was in her tax returns and
what other monies she could be making
and then she did a deal with Indonesia
and China and ZTE and then somebody
wrote an op-ed saying I'm inside her
administration as she's lost her mind
you should use the 25th amendment and I
can go on for half a day
give any idea how quickly the
Republicans would impeach immediately
within 24 hours
I agree but we do have more videos I
want to get to Donald Trump at this
rallies he tends to deliver the same
message sort of over and over it's a
little bit practice he doesn't have no
it's but it's sort of the same script
but that doesn't mean that at various
points he doesn't have a little bit of
trouble expressing his thoughts and
you're gonna see that demonstrated right
here the latest act of resistors is the
op-ed published in the failing New York
Times by an anomalous really an
anomalous debtless Howard you just look
I don't know what that was but but it's
impossible to not I mean so in another
part of this speech he said you know
they say that I don't have the mental
capacity okay first of all I wouldn't be
talking about that okay and he says how
they say that I'll give all these
speeches he senator Fox News interview
before one of the rallies he said I give
all these speeches and people can see I
start talk for an hour straight I know
we did see when you say a mama miss hey
you don't have to say anonymous well
you're not really proving your case that
you're in a wonderful medical state that
doesn't seem like it is exhibit a I
would argue that it's in the opposite
direction and he never got it
like those people though I mean this is
a tough word anonymous but he was just
like I'm just gonna go on and not
acknowledge any both videos that we have
seen so far you just start saying these
words so many words I don't understand
what must be going through the mind of
most people in the audience is it it's
almost like they're listening to him
going like no you got it buddy you'll
get there eventually you got it I know
you thought when you say these two
people from the Democrat Republican the
opposite they just I don't know well how
about someone who didn't show their face
I've been very frustrated the few times
that I do tune into these rallies that
when he says something crazy you don't
see a reaction behind him because we
don't see most of the people in the
crowd the only people we see the people
standing behind them and generally they
love it it doesn't matter what he says
how crazy it is how rambling is is a mom
honestly it doesn't matter but not last
night where there was actually an
individual behind him who was not having
whoo I personally believe might be the
resistor inside the White House but
anyway here he is you'll notice his face
pretty immediately an anomaly really an
anomalous gutless coward seriously
people that don't exactly dig us and
they don't exactly like me they're
fighting for us it's an incredible it's
actually a beautiful thing we've picked
up a lot of support because at some
point this whole thing is going to be
exposed other countries by the way are
not doing well at all and had I not won
we would have been in negative we
wouldn't be at 4.2 we
been in negative numbers we were going
down and the tax cuts we freed up our
country and it's great to watch I mean
okay tell me is raising your taxes like
supposed to be a popular thing to do
because what's going on they have been
driven ever an economy like we have wait
nobody's ever had this economy so
hopefully you're gonna remember that
where we took that horrible Iran deal
and we terminated it and you look at
what's going on we're respected again as
a nation as Brooke knows the thing about
it most getting out of the Iran deal so
they had him removed for making funny
faces I actually thought that was mugs I
saw the headline right and I thought he
was gonna be doing a trump imitation in
the background wrong economy no he was
just like well there's one point where
Trump starts talking about how it was
harder for him to win the electoral
college than it is for someone to win
the popular vote and the guy behind him
literally just goes what doesn't make
any sense yeah so then they do and when
they bring someone out to replace him it
is amazing it is just like someone
John's out and like he just kind of
looks and sees someone approaching him
and he kind of knows the jig's up and
then he walks off to the side but then
they replace the two people standing
next to him the infection had spread
yeah yeah yeah I'm offended that blacks
for Trump are not represented in that
time because diamond and silk would
never
maybe they though the two people next
door like like diamond insult just go
like this guy absolutely was like I'm
going to see if I can get right behind
Trump the whole way into perfect yeah
well they must not have their extreme
vetting
in place but yeah I just or cuz I love
the alternative the alternative is more
funny he's like oh this Trump guy seems
pretty great and then he actually this
is the first time he's actually he's
like oh my god he's lost he's the last
American who could change their mind
politically he's a card so what's this
guy about he's like I came in here
believing that the cute mom was right
most people don't know about a mom
honest it's it's women who have kids and
her hackers really mispronounced
anonymous he actually was trying to say
aneurysm
a mama mmus is legion and finally brett
notice when he said tax cuts the guy
mouth for the rich right so that's how
you know that he was not a trump win or
anything your tax is a good thing and
everything watching the plaid through
them often ambiguous material so you
don't see the first break oh yeah okay
if you say so
alright guys apparently John is making
us take the first break usually we take
the first break around 8 p.m. Pacific
people go early this time okay so when
we come back you're gonna be shocked to
find that that Donald Trump has lauded
criminal it bragged about it on stage
well sure we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash joined today in the meantime
enjoy this free site
all right back in the Turks
so let me new YouTube super chat real
quick Gina damn says I love Jenks
juxtapositions they're always i opening
why thank you for saying that I
appreciate that I didn't even I had more
imaginative Clinton Hillary Clinton if
she was president just tweeted cough FA
and said yeah I meant it it's a secret
code word q and on Republicans would go
crazy she's lost her mind brain aneurysm
and that was one of like the smaller
controversies out of trumps billion
contrary she wore a tan suit a couple
days ago Trump just tweeted treason
question mark and nobody even really
talked about it
it was just trees in all caps with a
question mark be killed we cared no
context no nothing because we know the
president's loss mining we've gotten
used to it okay Sophie bag says just
joined us a member as a birthday gift
for myself now that's a good ok giving
that's right as an Australian ad that
happens in the u.s. directly affects us
and it's time we got into this fight too
strong thank you feedbacks we appreciate
it that's awesome now speaking of
members let me go through real quick
there's a lot of them others short Evan
says hi it's my first time watching live
is a member from Southern California
maybe one day we could run into Polian
dynamite think of me during the break
Steven TYT needs to bring back the
armwrestling tournament
I love tournament I'd love to see El
Jefe versus Johnny two cakes yeah but
your swole is hell now that's right I
know it's a new Johnny Cupcakes
I'm always sore yeah so I already making
excuses never actually get to use it I
don't know okay so Steven all I have to
say to you is hold oh come on don't know
I don't know we got a membership drive I
don't know you guys asked we got to
deliver right that's our job
anyway we'll see Nathaniel says daniel
says I love this show the best
progressive show ever I'm an activist
level this is the Ben
money I spend all year love all the
shows thank you by the way happy
half-hour with brett erlich damage
report with John iadarola everybody sign
up for rate his podcast on iTunes yes
yeah and then tweet me the screenshot so
that I can send you a unique awesome
gift really what I've been doing that
has been the transaction are you rated 5
stars
I send you a gift just the internal
email gift game by John Ida rola has
been insanely goodly when Gina books a
good guess we're all by the way in two
weeks we haven't guess did the studio
that I've been trying to get for like
five months now Wow
yeah I always send her back and
encouraging awesome gift oh you do yeah
what's with all the gifts and how come
I've never gotten one okay sure I want a
gift from Johnny two cakes okay
expand this is only 14 days Papa Thomas
must have you an FBI something really
valuable these are all member comments
by the way on T YT live tea or tea calm
/ line earlier Brent mentioned the shop
its shops P y-t-dot-com
Larry says Jake is it normal for a
president to be having rallies all the
time like he is like he's still on the
campaign trail and who's paying for all
of them
good question on who's paying for all of
them I actually want to look into that a
little bit more thank you for bringing
that up
do you know how many campaign rallies
he's had overall now including the
campaign 500 and great so amazing that's
more than the number of holes of golf
he's played no it isn't he just loves it
he loves being a showman that's the only
that part of the job he enjoys although
if Obama had done rallies but centered
around policies I think that we would
have really encouraged that like you
know no I don't if he had even done
entertainment I would have liked it no I
don't mind the rallies at all
that's so especially won't we go
interview sparks out anywhere hey had
some interesting people and learn some
stuff etc anyway no I I really I'm not
one of those progressives like oh he
does too many rallies hey he's present
you can do whatever he wants and he's
getting his message out which Obama
didn't do enough to be honest okay
Jonathan says just joined love the fact
that I'll be able to watch the postgame
show Thank You Jonathan and Mark m14 27
says removing someone for making it
expression snowflake much yeah all good
points by the members T YT dot-com slash
joined to become a member
alright what's next yeah okay well you
just mentioned that Obama didn't do
enough speeches when he was president
well now he's not president president
brock obama returned to give a speech in
Illinois where I believe that he was
more openly critical of Donald Trump
that he's been since before the 2016
election we've got a number of different
clips but this first one is gonna
summarize the general tone of his
argument pretty well the status quo
pushes back sometimes the backlash comes
from people who are genuinely if wrongly
fearful of change more often it's
manufactured by the powerful and the
privileged who want to keep us divided
and keep us angry and keep us cynical
because it helps them maintain the
status quo and keep their power and keep
their privilege it did not start with
Donald Trump he is a symptom not the
cause
he's just capitalizing on resentments
that politicians have been Fanning for
years a fear and anger that's rooted in
our past but it's also borne out of the
enormous upheavals that have taken place
in your brief lifetimes oh so that's
what an intelligent president sounded
and so Trump hears that speech and the
correct reaction to that should be
embarrassment like oh he speaks in
complete sentences and actually is
eloquent and makes interesting points
instead Trump's head it was so boring I
fell asleep watching the speech earlier
in the day but what you said was right
this is absolutely the you know I guess
harshest critique ever this is
definitely the first time the former
president has criticized President Trump
while using his name by name publicly in
a speech and I think a lot of people
were like whoa what soon they saw it you
know come out of his mouth by the way I
want to say one other thing so he
generally like this is the
most critically he's been but even that
it's very like like poet laureate
critical yeah and still the right
response with this is why you got
trouble lay off him
whereas Trump speech is their antifa
bastards we're gonna kill you all but
this is too critical this is how much
I'm suffering there had been Shapiro
with this is why you got Donald Trump
they can't take any criticism whatsoever
even if they're it's a nuanced analysis
of historical trends being played on by
deceitful politicians but Donald Trump
says they love Isis they love ms-13 and
the right cheers for that that's solely
fair totally fair point
Burton find it's simple quick into the
point I mean that's what it is it's just
that you know we had to jump cut Obama
speaking because he takes his time and I
like it
and that is something that resonates
with me and I'm grateful for President
Obama speaking in a way that I would
hope my need more my president to speak
like but Trump speaking to his folks and
he's saying it very quickly in a
combination of two things one it's very
simple and reduced and then the other
one it's just I'm gonna be done talking
in two seconds after saying words
buzzwords you've read in headlines so
then you can clap right and and
incredibly repetitive it was a long long
speech and he kind of you know joked
around about being quiet and that
angered a lot of people like just him
being quiet over all this time but this
long speech he touched on almost every
thing that uh you know broken the news
that people were asking him to talk
about he kind of hid everything yes half
long speech to John's point you know you
might be a snowflake if you get
triggered by nuanced analysis so and
what is Trump said about Obama people
like Oh Obama might be bringing decorum
here by criticizing a sitting president
when he's a former president decorum
we're still having a conversation about
decorum Trump's that Obama wasn't even
an American Trump said a hundred
terrible things about Obama while he was
president and afterwards while Trump is
president
he hasn't respected that rule
at all he tweets all the time about how
Obama it should be investigated by the
Department of Justice he's basically
threatening to lock up Obama and Obama
has to follow decorum I would come on
God there is no bigger whiners in the
world than right-wingers in America yeah
like and you're like hey you know I
think you might be a little Obama Obama
said that that this guy is the symptom
not because you guys are such babies
this is just me speculating here but
Brooke mentioned this word earlier maybe
they just do need a nap it's just they
need a nap because it is like this
complaining like no you know when you're
you know when you were tired and angry
and your parents were like I think it's
nap time they would just be Nicki no I
don't want to do it I'm totally a woman
yeah they passed I don't know me I think
that Riley should start with a good 15
minute just don't wake a nap um yep
sorry I just want to say want one one
more thing about this because I don't
know about the substance of what Obama
said the best line he had was he that
Trump is the symptom not the cause
because and that's a very similar to a
line the Emma Klein said here on the air
Turks she said if we go back to a time
where we get rid of Trump right well
that's the time so bad that it created
Trump so that's not good enough
resistance is not good enough what we
need is true reform a revolution now
Obama doesn't go that far cuz he's not
that guy he's a fairly establishment
figure keep it real okay but it is an
excellent point that he is making saying
look if you just got rid of Trump that
isn't the problem the problem is there
is a great great anger in the country
and a resentment and a paranoia that he
talked about throughout the speech and
the Republican Party in mass is feeding
into that the reason you got Trump is
because they did the Southern Strategy
they went to go try to appeal to racists
in the south and then
dog whistles and then they the whistles
got a little louder a little louder
until they turn into a megaphone that's
Donald Trump rallies going you know you
know and every black person he ever
talks about is low IQ I mean how's that
for ironic right for Trump and so I
think that that's the thing we need to
focus on and if anything Obama needed to
be much harsher and more frequent I mean
this is the first time he's come out
there's two months left before the
election my god man up and Adam yes he's
punching you in the face and okay but
you're retired I get it and I know
you're writing a book etc but there's
all these people who need your help so
the Republicans claim oh yeah we like to
see Obama would like to see it more
that's Popey one no he's sitting at
nearly 60 percent approval rating
Trump's in the 30s
Obama is nearly twice as popular as
Donald Trump he should be out there all
the time making that case any truth to
that though that uh just seeing him
invigorates and just fires up Trump's
base is there yeah I hear what you're
saying and.and because if Trump was up
for reelection it wouldn't make any
difference because every racist is gonna
go vote for him anyway right and so when
they see Obama yeah that gets under the
racist skip right in the midterms it's a
little bit different they might be like
I don't know I'm gonna have a beer
instead and yell at the TV oh I saw
Obama but overall no it's II people get
excited to vote and and that's what
turns them out so when Trump was up for
election some of them were excited about
throwing a brick through the
establishment window they're like I
don't like Hillary Clinton I'm gonna go
out there and vote against her and or I
like Trump because he's saying I'm
bringing back coal jobs I'm a coal miner
or I like the 1950s I want to go back
right so but right now the Democrats are
animated and and they're super mad at
what's happened since then well there's
a good way to fix that so overall this
is how Republicans try to get you to not
do anything they go Democrats you better
not speak out Obama you better not speak
out otherwise our guys will get mad and
show up to vote okay then
nobody ever makes their case now
don't listen to it here's again well
newsflash for you guys the Republican
Party is not concerned about what's good
for the Democrats do not take advice
from them so very likely it's the exact
opposite no you should go and make your
case non-stop yeah there were a lot of
other good quotes but I do think that we
have to move on a few other things
relative
all right we got to take a quick break
when we come back is cam now gonna end
roe v-- wade and how is he gonna end it
cuz i I think how is a really
interesting part and I actually think
all those all those protests there
haven't been enough protests all these
confirmation hearings but I all
unreliable
when we return
