these are the unforgiving streets of
East Los Angeles California
to some they represent hope and a way
out to others they are a dead end of
gang violence that has victimized far
too many in the community that I grew up
in your worries are dead the teenage mom
on drugs or in jail so it would pick
whatever you wanted angela is the big
sister of the Diaz family they grew up
on these streets and still live here
back then David was the man of the house
all raised by a single mom today they
are a tight sisterhood a mother a wife a
sibling determined after all these years
to win freedom for David
yeah I'm looking at these pictures you
always had a nice Michael it hasn't been
easy I've gone back to the scene many
times to see it was blocked from where
we live several blocks actually so it
wasn't something that we would go just
walk down and it wasn't something that
we would do familiar or not this
intersection will become a crime scene
the night of July 14th 1998 and 19 year
old David Diaz would pay the price the
crime that put David Diaz behind bars
happen right here the corner of Manitou
and Griffin a nondescript intersection
in Los Angeles's Lincoln Heights
neighborhood police say six shots were
fired that night three of them into the
leg of the victim Ram Berto Preciado he
didn't die that night
but some say justice did
well I firmly believe that David is
innocent attorney Adam grant runs Loyola
Law School's
project for the innocent he's an expert
on wrongful convictions how many cases
are you working on he believes David
Diaz is in prison for a crime he didn't
commit in David's case with no physical
evidence and people halfway recanting on
the stand it seems like one of those
cases where the prosecution got them so
fired up about the possibility of of
these people being in street gangs that
it was very easy to get a conviction and
in this case it was just simply wrong
there are in fact two very different
versions of what happened that warm
summer night for David Diaz those two
stories have meant the difference
between freedom and life behind bars for
the past 20 years
like a bird
in the summer of 1998 lethal weapon for
open number one at the box office
according to David Diaz this was the
only gunfire he was close to the
Hollywood version spending the evening
of July 14th with his family at the
Edwards Theater in Alhambra California
it was one of the ones that we all had
wanted to see so it was a hot movie
everyone wanted to see it and you know
we were excited but according to police
and the version of the story that put
Diaz behind bars
David was the shooter they say he was
picked up by two friends in a gray car
and when they came upon rival gang
members at this corner that's when they
say Diaz got out of the car confronted
them and opened fire but now TYT is
hearing from the victim himself
Roberto Preciado called us from
California Salinas Valley State Prison
where he's serving time on an unrelated
case it's very persuasive that the
victim is has said that David is not the
person who shot him I can think of
motives that a clever prosecutor would
attribute to him for doing that besides
just being honest the Diaz case is
seemingly ripped from the headlines of
the 1990s for gang violence overwhelmed
Los Angeles and cops tried to fight back
at times unfairly people were just
frightened of gang members and people
they perceive to be gang members and
it's remarkable to me in some of these
cases how little evidence it was
necessary to prove or to bring to get a
conviction
in David's case there's no physical
evidence tying him to the crime no gun
was ever found
no fingerprints left behind all
witnesses have since recanted any
previous testimony in written statements
the driver of the car Kung Fu and his
passenger Jenny vodka submitted these
signed statements swearing police forced
them to frame Diaz the victims then
girlfriend Martha Sierra goes even
further in her statement she claims she
rushed to the LA County USC Medical
Center thinking Roberto was badly
injured but she claims police refused to
let her see him until she identified the
shooter she told the story to Angela
Diaz she said they gave me a book I
turned a couple of pages and I said him
I circled it and I put my name on it I
never thought of anything else she says
I just wanted to go see my boyfriend
before he died when I saw your brother
in the court and you that wasn't the guy
who did it and I said oh my fucking god
the LAPD had no comment for TYT but for
David Diaz 20 years have taken their
toll he entered prison at 19 he's 39
years old now he has called us from
California's Pleasant Valley State
Prison Diaz gets his strength from the
strong family that supports his fight
Lydia and David grew up as friends
he's not okay David's not okay and I see
my friend and and they know him from our
children and I remember him clean and
laughing and and and David was just this
witty smart guy who always wanted to
play chess and and now they humanized
him and I him crying and I said what can
I do what can I do
God what can I do friendship soon turned
into much more they became husband and
wife in April of 2018 I started falling
in love with him and he asked me one day
he said Lydia he said would you marry me
we just all started crying everybody was
in tears and it was such an emotional
wedding for me
Lydia started a petition for David on
change.org expecting a few hundred
signatures she was shocked when they
reached 55,000 she knew it was time to
act in June of 2018 Lydia and David's
mom Yolanda flew to Sacramento to
deliver a commutation petition to
California Governor Jerry Brown the
victim's mother came with them it's a
rare occasion where all the mother the
wife and the victim's mother are telling
Governor Brown release him let him go
he's innocent
for Yolanda Diaz there is no way to
replace the years but she remains
closely connected to her son and her
faith for my birthday's for Christmas
for Valentine's for Mother's Day he
doesn't buy a card he draws me cards any
rights inside of him and he would tell
me every year I'm sorry mom
every year again I'm not with you
the system that puts somebody in prison
in the first place is an enormous system
with enormous power and they consider a
conviction final it's a huge wall to
climb over really because the whole
system is about finality and once
somebody's been convicted they're not
really looking for a chance to believe
them or overturn their conviction
Yolanda Diaz is ill now and doesn't know
how long she can fight but prays for
time and strings I tell God don't take
me yet to heaven bring my son home and
then if you want to take me you could
take me but bring him Oh
