hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT comm slash join now tucker
carlson piggybacking on the last segment
about the amazon tucker carlson has also
noticed think about this tucker carlson
now let's watch his report and we'll
talk about it afterwards it's
interesting that he's the guy saying
this was the founder of Amazon is worth
about a hundred and fifty billion
dollars that's enough to make him the
richest man in the world by far and
possibly the richest human being in all
of human history it's certainly enough
to pay his employees wealth but he
doesn't a huge number of Amazon workers
are so poorly paid they qualify for
federal welfare benefits according to
data from the non profit group new food
economy nearly one in three Amazon
employees in Arizona for example was on
food stamps last year Jeff Bezos isn't
paying his workers enough to eat so you
made up the difference with your tax
dollars next time you see Jeff Bezos
make certain just that he says thank you
what about the Walton family they
founded Walmart
collectively they're worth about a
hundred and seventy five billion dollars
that's more than the entire gross
domestic product of Qatar the oil-rich
Gulf State the walls could certainly
afford to be generous with their workers
instead they count on you to take up the
slack in 2013
taxpayers sent more than six billion
dollars to Walmart's employees for food
stamps Medicaid and housing assistance
and if you think that's remarkable meet
Travis kalanick he's the youthful
founder of uber his personal fortune is
close to five billion dollars his
drivers by contrast often make less than
minimum wage one recent study found that
many bird riders lose money working for
the company that's not a sustainable
business model the only reason it
continues is because of your generosity
because your
paying the welfare benefits for ubers
impoverished drivers child billionaires
like Travis get to keep buying bigger
houses and more airplanes he's someone
else who owes you would think you know
if you can think of a less fair system
than this send us an email we'd love to
hear about it
this system is indefensible and yet
almost nobody ever complains about it
how come well conservatives like us
support the free market and for good
reason the free market works but there's
nothing free about this market a lot of
these companies operate as monopolies
they hate markets they use government
regulation to crush competition there's
nothing conservative about that just as
there's nothing conservative about most
big corporations just the opposite they
are the backbone of the left so he goes
on to make draw wrong conclusions but so
when I don't that's not what this
segment about this segment is about the
fact that he actually is talking about
the business model of Walmart uber
that's the new business model right
screw your employees make them go on
welfare and public assistance and then
all that all those profits get funneled
to look just a handful of people and the
investors so the workers don't ever
enjoy the profits of their company
that's the world we're living in right
now
this is a sit so that's why when I say
what do you call a system that takes the
richest country in the world and renders
63% of its residents unable to afford
$1,000 mergency that's a failed system
so this is the system we've created
where guys like this can have companies
like that that exploit people while they
make billions of dollars what we need is
a system that takes money out of
politics so the politicians can write
the rules that make sure that when you
generate profit for people you get to
share in that profit and that's what we
need we need to have politicians
response responsive to us let me throw
it over to you Steve what do you think
about that and the fact that I think
Tucker Carlson is foolish because he
identifies a problem
yes intentionally draws all the wrong
yes illusions it talks of how regulation
is what's keeping competitors from
coming in right that they that the
manape is a crushing correct proposition
with regulation and that this is a
backbone of the left right so he's a
total fraud
liar but he identified the problem with
this unsustainable system this is total
corporate capture corporate capture is
crony capitalism as you mention yes and
this is the backbone of the right that
has now co-opted the left yes this is
what happens when corporations take over
our government and write the rules in
their favor so why do you think that
it's well you can say whatever we know I
just sitting here and I just I know it
all right we have several friends that
are in this gig economy they're driving
cars or they're walking dogs really
they're doing anything to survive and
what safety nets are out there for
people there aren't you know so I know a
lot of artists I know a lot of actors
and actresses that you know they've been
really working hard all these years in
LA and Hollywood and consequently they
don't have a retirement they don't have
anything to fall and there is no safety
net for these people right now so I I
see that you know I know we were going
to try to do the in Universal income but
you know stories like this when you see
that how easy it is to exploit people
and make them you know indentured
servants because where else can they go
where else are they gonna find it right
so you know it's it's so I panicked for
his people yeah I just want to go back
to Tucker Carlson and his little little
sleight of hand sleight of hand there
great one because he's doing something
that's very clever he's identifying a
problem that has universal agreement
nobody regards to where they're on the
spectrum things that this is appropriate
for a large corporation to suck up all
the profits and keep them keep it
amongst the executives and screw over
their workers and make the taxpayers pay
for it no one's in favor that except
those who benefit from that system which
is by its very definition a very very
tiny few but he's using that to trick
people into thinking that there's a
problem with a left-right and that there
is too much regulation right that's not
what this is right and and and then this
is yet another area where there's a
giant void coming from the demo
the Democrats should be on top of
decision yes but providing the correct
Russian and the correct solution right
which Bernie Sanders is right but where
is everyone else every Democrat should
be on board with Bernie say this is why
this is our guy
who should lead us to victory not trying
to find other corporatists that can pass
a small test and sneak in one more
victory before the people really wake up
to rebel revolution because this is such
an easy issue to went on like they will
get everyone on board with this
of course companies like Amazon Walmart
and an uber should either pay taxes to
cover benefits that their employees are
taking from the taxpayers or a living
wage is your choice but pay one or the
other you don't get to pay them nothing
but taxpayers pay pay your employees
why keep all the profits for yourself so
that's a very very easy issue to went on
and the Silence of the Democrats is
deafening and sad and predictable Bernie
Sanders will stand up and do this right
so again this is another example of how
the Democrats have no vision they have
no no plan for America in the fact that
Tucker Carlson is the guy out there
articulating what's wrong he has the
wrong solutions but he's a he's the same
game at Trump played right here fied the
problem and then he offered the opposite
wrong solution but you know what people
are gonna fall for it because because
they have at least someone's identify
problem right right they're saying oh my
gosh a here's my he here's the problem
here's my pain and the problems Mexicans
yeah right yeah and he and you know
exactly and talk across something the
problem is they left the problem is
regulation I problem is this you know
whatever right it was some regulations
that made Jeff it certainly is policy
it's financial policy it's not because
he's overburdened with regulations there
are no regulations as far as worker
protections right but there are
regulations as far as owner protections
there's a protection run Jeff Bezos and
Amazon what far meaning sweetheart deals
where they don't have to pay taxes and
you do so there's those kind of
sweetheart deals yeah there's kind of
that kind of so but this get
is not because of the left he's saying
well the left creates welfare and then
so then Jeff Bezos could exploit it and
he doesn't have to pay in livery so if
you just got rid of welfare Jeff Bezos
would have to spend mine is just the
craziest so no you you know right if we
got rid of all regulation and got rid of
welfare right and the social safety net
Jeff Bezos will wake up and pay everyone
a living that's not right that's not all
right that's that that's you know that's
why there's things there's something
called price gouging that's why that's
illegal right because when left to their
own devices capitalists gouge you okay
and they'll have actually child labor
why do you think we have to have child
labor laws because capitalists want to
put kids to work because they're cheap
that's why okay so here's what John
Stossel says you see this no he says
this is not a scam this is what he said
to to Tucker Carlson he said this is not
a scam this is capitalism
it creates wealth for everyone Amazon in
it and it's cost-cutting has saved
Americans billions of dollars so what
john stossel is doing unwittingly is
telling you know this is how capitalism
works it's horrible
a handful of people get insanely wealthy
and everyone else treads water that's
capitalism that's what john stossel and
he's sticking up for it
look on one of the billions of dollars
it saved it didn't save anyone billions
of dollars John what it did was it took
billions of dollars out of our economy
and gave it to the richest guy in the
history of the world it didn't that
money's not in our economy that money
gets siphoned out of our economy do you
understand that's why the estate tax is
essential because otherwise that money
just sits there and it's all these
people of these people who like to say
well you know welfare crowd creates a
lazy class and it creates some people
who don't want to work what do you think
inheriting wealth does what do you think
never having to work a day in your life
that's why you're supposed to have the
estate tax and if your kids if you're
rich kids are so great they'll be able
to earn their own living won't they so I
just hate people want to you know I even
guys like you know you've heard a fleet
dive member of Magic Johnson saying well
I want to make sure my kids are taken
care of for the rest of their life why
you want to make them unable to earn a
living
so that I'd anyway we're getting off
track but anything stuff you want to add
to this because we're up well I like a
minute
I got nothing mr. Sammon at this point
that this is capitalism is also you know
a red herring is it's it's it's is
indictment on capitalism if this is
capitalism right it is and it isn't
because because it's not because
capitalism I think really is supposed to
depend on a free market right a
competition but there is no competition
right so thoughtfully it's a monopoly so
is is capitalism is being a monopoly is
that part of capitalism if it is then it
sucks isn't work right if it's not then
it's not capitalism so it's either way
it's an indictment on the system right
and so well we have antitrust laws on
the books that could be applied at any
moment they just don't apply them Barack
Obama didn't apply them they don't do it
anymore there's no such thing as
antitrust legislation it doesn't happen
there is but no antitrust enforcement so
we were just laughing about pictures of
Alex Jones that he makes he's got that
guy so he's one of the better comedians
around I know people don't know they
don't get what he's doing but he did I
did see this thing where he sells these
pills that they're like diet or healthy
pills or whatever supplements whatever
and so there's a picture of him like
with his shirt off like this before and
then a picture of him after he looks
exactly 1:1 shadow and one doesn't
that's the only that's the only
different he looks exactly the same I
wish I had those two pictures I could
show you exactly okay anyway and by the
way you do not want to see me with my
shirt off it's not pretty
so here's the guy Ryan this guy Ryan
Nobles for a CNN he's the CNN's
Washington correspondent he seems like a
nice person he's a dad to four kids and
he's married to his co-anchor uh isn't
that sad that's nice isn't that sweet so
sounds like a good guy and he tweeted
this out unbelievably dramatic just as
Senator John McCain's coffin was brought
up the steps of the US Capitol this
guy's opened up it was a heavy pouring
rain and the honor guard did not break
their stride at all okay unbelievably
dramatic
okay so then Dana Bash retweets that and
says the angels were crying here at sea
and
just a few blocks away no rain just
there oh my god
it's a act like John McCain was mixed a
combination of Santa Claus Jesus Christ
and Abraham Lincoln they're running a
hey geography or something this is a hey
god I'm a Malcolm see God I like how it
like when you said it you wanted us all
to notice he said it like under his
breath yes is humblebrag nonsense he
knows what he's doing
hey geography which is a word I
literally worked looked up two weeks
earlier so I knew it I'm like you son of
a gun anyway so there's Dana bass saying
the angels were crying here at CNN just
a few blocks away no rain now these
people are supposed to be the people who
hold the powerful accountable and looked
listen to them this so then this Carolyn
Lagerfeld says it wasn't the Angels who
were crying more likely the thousands of
people who died due to his war mongering
this is a political correspondent I know
it's kind of hard to believe it's kind
of hard to believe
so what let's let step what do you make
of that well you know come on it was so
evident if you just watch any of the
coverage of McCain's funeral it just
became a session to bash Trump it was
that's all it turned out internally it's
you know what we were talking about this
on the way here at Aretha Franklin's
funeral who what was my time Eric dices
he slammed Trump during the thing right
yes so now forever when people go back
to the eulogy of my car Tyson Ferrari to
Franklin it's gonna be tainted with
Trump
you know Trump's gonna come and go why
are we in it's just like if you would
give a eulogy for Elvis he talked about
Nixon the whole time I'm pretty remember
to me like why do you want to taint it
so that's what all the people are
talking about by the way so how they
subtly slam Trump like the opposite of
to me the opposite of giving respect to
someone is now you're gonna use it to
denigrate someone else a political
adversary it's just well yeah I think I
agree with all of that so as I mentioned
if you're at the funeral
and you want to show your respect
and only talk about the person's you
know good deeds because you never bring
up the perfect good and bad funeral if
you're speaking to funeral I yeah guys a
person said he was American hero a
patriot that's that's great
I don't I don't you know have any gripes
against making the hain of course or
anyone else who said nice things about
you know John McCain her father but the
media is different Amita is covering the
passing of any public figure should be
objective and their coverage of him they
shouldn't laud them and make them and
right hagiographies I know I'm already
doing so so I have a problem with the
with a meaty coverage of John McCain's
death but again that's distinctly
separate and different then than people
who are at his funeral and eulogizing
him that is nice in fact I caught
portions of the funerals traffics I
didn't get to see all of it but it was
kind of nice you know like you would
like to think that upon your death
people are gonna speak well of you and
and your close people are your people
that met some in PR there and it's like
a nice moment
I've no problems whatsoever with that
it's just when when you know journalists
are covering it and they're literally
making them out to be some sort of saint
where the angels are crying the skies
are opening up come on guys I mean you
can do better than that yeah I hope so
well he wasn't a saint it's funny that
the guy he voted against you know Martin
Luther King holiday every chance he got
up until he wanted to run for president
and then he said he apologized for it
everything and then he and then he voice
said Sarah Palin on us and then I mean
he did a lot of stuff like he voted for
the tax cut right that thing that took a
lot of health care away from people and
it's just again it's just like to see
news people pretend that John McCain was
Santa Claus it's just disgusting
right he was just a regular politician
you know he he did mccain-feingold
Fantas fantastic that was fantastic
and he also did left that's of horrible
he voted against the repeal of Obamacare
that was good that was good that was
good then he voted for the tactic that's
bad that's all yeah
and I think brought us to Sarah Palin
but then he kind of regretted it right I
didn't invite her to the funeral you
know yeah yeah because he knew what he
did right I mean but she she she took
she took the country into a really dark
path with all that openly racist
conversation about you know he pals
around with terrorists all kind of stuff
and I don't know what McCain did behind
the scenes and that movie Straight Talk
Express whatever that was they make him
seem like a really good guy yes like a
really really good guy who was trying to
put a stop to Palin's uh race-baiting
but he went along with certain portion
of it so he's definitely err some of the
blame or the lion share of the blame for
bringing her to the national spotlight
but yeah but then he regretted it he
apologized for some of it to some good
things it's complicated right
I would argue that most of the things he
did as in terms of policy were bad for
America okay he did some good things a
lot about it's something most are bad so
you know but then he did have a certain
level of honor right I mean you know for
example his military service when he was
appealed w up against torture yeah that
was that was fantastic and and that's
that part I completely supported my that
but again moral clarity and when it came
to tortures and that's something I mean
he really had moral clarity when it came
to accept our country doesn't accept
their country doesn't you're right yeah
and so he so he took a principled stand
in certain areas that was great in other
areas he didn't right right and you came
back and advocated for Nixon's bombing
of Cambodia when he came back from
Vietnam so I mean he did lots of stuff
like that too I was too young for that
kind of stuff and he never had a war he
didn't like right all that he was always
forgiving arms to even terrorists and in
Syria and Ukraine arming those people
say there are neo-nazis right so so it's
a real mixed bag and the fact that
they're the news media does these hey
geography right it's just now you're in
on the game no it's I just don't want
the news media to be cheerleaders yes
anything correct just be correct yeah
try to be objective truth tellers right
how about that okay there's one thing
just one though just only
sweating that I also don't want Sarah
Palin at my funeral let's make a note of
that please I will write a hagiography
yeah I would oh I'll head geography
shoot no is that a word you think it
should be here's our big spy guy John
Brennan said a man of tremendous courage
patriotism and integrity Senator John
McCain will be remembered by history is
one of our country's greatest heroes his
life of service and a strong decency and
respect toward others should serve as a
shining example for all Americans okay
that's nice of you to say John what I
said as John O Brennan will be
remembered as history as a lying liar
with zero integrity who was complicit in
torture and illegally spying on the US
Senate and repeatedly lying about it he
is the moral superior to no one so just
don't let John O Brennan try to coattail
on John McCain's dignity and stand
against principled stand against torture
when John O Brennan was busy covering it
up okay oh here's one more let's go with
this one this is from someone named
Karen Tumulty
and she says Henry Kissinger Al Gore
Barack Obama that makes at least three
Nobel Peace Prize winners sitting in the
first four pews at Senator John McCain's
memorial when you realize that
two-thirds of the time Nobel people are
just with us and here's something that
is gonna make Steve uncomfortable it
says somebody locked the doors at
McCain's funeral and just started warms
to crimes tribunal you got a ball there
Dick Cheney George Bush Dick Cheney was
her it wasn't Cheney there no I didn't
see oh he wasn't there okay everyone say
no all right you got George Bush George
Bush got Henry Kissinger yep you got the
John O Brennan you got all the people
who orders torture I'm sure a Haspel was
there right don't you think she was
there no don't know okay
yeah if Rumsfeld's there sure I say
proceed John you are these guys oh yeah
right if they were there about another
if they were there yeah you know of
course what Chomsky says if the
Nuremberg standards were applied every
president since World War two would be
considered a war criminal
so Chomsky says so here's this guy
Charles P Pierce he tweeted this out I
am I am a touch sick of the lefty hot
takes by which those of us who were
moved to a kind of optimism by the
funerals Saturday have forgotten the
crimes of the Bush administration and
the crime that was Vietnam house is on
fire don't care who brings a hose so do
you hear do you see what this guy's
saying he's saying I'm sick and tired of
lefties reminding us of how horrible all
these people are who are lionizing John
John McCain I'm sick and tired of you
guys reminding us that what got us Trump
I'm sick and tired of you guys reminding
us that it's been 40 years of
neoliberalism and non-stop war mongering
by two parties there is no anti-war
party and you know 80% of Americans live
paycheck to paycheck but let's go ahead
and praise these people the people who
brought you Trump let's pretend that
they're the antipode with exactly what I
said in a room full of war criminals and
neo liberals who gave you Trump this
establishment pinhead thinks they are
the antidote and not the cause this is
why this guy is always welcomed with
open arms on MSNBC the network not
allowed to even cover Bernie and propped
up Trump with the Pied Piper strategy
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
aggressor progressives by becoming a
member
head TT y-t-dot-com slash join now
