summer for tonight so tonight it was a
small actually just state of Delaware
almost no relevant races except for one
very relevant race that was Kari Harris
the just Democrat challenging Tom Carper
or corporate Democrat very conservative
Democrat in the state of Delaware which
is blue and should not have a
conservative Democrat but they do again
because Tom Carper is one tonight
Kerry Harris got about 36% of the vote
and that is a excellent showing for a
new candidate with no name recognition
who was outspent ten to one now of
course we're not in this for great
showings we're in this for victories and
we have had a lot we've been spoiled
with a lot of victories recently just
Democrats so far on this primary season
have won 26 times 26 just Democrats have
moved on to the general election there
are going to very very likely be seven
of them in Congress next year around
because there was already three
incumbents for O'Connor row Grijalva and
privilege I appalled
now four of them are in deeply blue
districts Alexandra crosser Cortes
receded to Lee biljana Omar and and now
Ayanna Presley from earlier this week
so the victories keep rolling in and and
if you're wondering where to find out
about candidates there are still three
justice Democrats left who have
primaries and the rest of this season
including Rhode Island next week a
couple of important ones and then
obviously the once the primaries over
which is very soon you got to go help
them win those general elections so the
ones I told you about are near
guarantees we keep it real with you okay
but the others and there is obviously 19
others so far there is some really tough
races and donations because they don't
take any corporate PAC money make a
giant difference volunteering makes a
giant difference so justice Democrats
calm slash candidates to see who your
local trust Democrat is and to help them
tonight not the result you want it but
Kerry Harris did a wonderful job is the
link it will have it down below for you
if you're watching later on YouTube or
Facebook and Acacio cortez went to go
help her a lot of her team went to go
help or a lot of you guys went to help
her we appreciate it
so no victory tonight but as we keep
telling you 2018 is a warm up back for
2020 and so when you have
like Gary Harris who now has built up a
significant amount of name recognition
in the state of Delaware that puts her
in a fantastic position to run for that
office or a different office and now we
have all these progressives even the
ones that didn't win Greg Andrews Brent
welder Kerry Harris with these good
showings abdula saying in Michigan who
have an excellent chance of winning the
next time around if they choose to
pursue this again and this is how we
build a movement so as always thank you
for being with us live at TYT dot-com
slash live and thank you the members for
making this happen and you guys can
watch all dis coverage any time you want
and of course you go to T y-t-dot-com
slash join to become a member so we'll
see you guys in Rhode Island two easy
ways follow the young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
