several school districts throughout the
country have had to update their water
fountains and their plumbing in some
cases just doing away with the water
fountains because of the the testing
which indicate that there are elevated
levels of lead in that drinking water so
the story about lead continues it is not
isolated in Flint Michigan although
Flint Michigan was the story that kind
of catapulted this issue to the public's
consciousness now let me give you some
specific examples of these test results
Indiana
tested 915 schools in recent months and
found that 61% had one or more fixtures
with elevated lead levels so before we
go on to other specific examples you
should know that the federal government
does not have a uniform policy for all
schools throughout the country so states
can decide what they figure is an unsafe
level of lead in the drinking water so
in some school districts it could be
five parts per billion of lead other
school districts might decide it's 20
now when it comes to the EPA they're
saying anything above 10 parts per
billion is probably not a good idea you
should do something to fix that
situation but again since there is no
legally binding policy uniform policy
for the entire country we're dealing
with you know differences based on the
school district and the EPA gives what
they call voluntary guidance that's not
gonna help very very rarely does anybody
do anything voluntarily now in this case
they realize the problem is so bad
they're starting to take out the water
fountains and the fixtures it and in
Flint Michigan the lead was in the water
in this case it's in the old pipes so
the pipes are then coming the little is
coming off the pipes and into the water
rather than from the water system in the
first place and so unfortunately this is
true for in a lot of places in the
country now if you're wondering well how
do I know if it's five parts per billion
or 20 parts per billion that makes a
difference it scientists say there is no
amount of lead that is safe for children
none so if there's lead in the water it
could have devastating effects on your
kids and on yourself but especially for
kids whose brains are developing it
could damage their brains at least a
higher lower IQ less ability to
socialize with others and more
criminality it is let is as bad as it
gets
and so what's the fix we can actually
instead of spending a gajillion dollars
on either taxes for the rich or more
Wars and more defense contractor money
we can spend a ton of money doing
infrastructure in the country it'll
protect our health it'll protect our
kids and it will actually create jobs
here at home and it will stimulate the
economy I mean it's a win-win but nope
since your local school district in
Indiana that doesn't donate to
politicians they're gonna give the money
to defense contractors instead I know
it's devastating
so Indiana's state white statewide
testing for lead did cost a lot of money
four point seven million dollars some of
that funding did come from the federal
government a lot of it came from the
state but keep in mind that we're
talking about public school districts
throughout the country that are already
underfunded and so when it comes to the
administrators the school boards they
have tough decisions to make do we use
the limited resources we have on
providing somewhat decent education
providing more resources for education
or do we spend the money on testing or
drinking water and luckily these school
districts have decided to test the the
drinking water but that money is is also
being taken away from you know the
materials that teachers need to
effectively do their jobs and and all
that so also the district is midway
through replacing 238 fixtures that had
elevated lead so they are taking action
based on these test results also last
week the Detroit Public School System
shut off water across the district
before its 47,000 students started
school after finding higher than
expected levels of lead or copper at
some schools so one of the things that's
impacting the drinking water is Jenk
mentioned is the the plumbing and so
back in the day instead of using copper
pipes which is what's widely being used
now they used lead pipes and so that is
disastrous because our infrastructure is
getting older it is crumbling and so
these pipes need to be replaced with a
more modern system that isn't going to
allow for lead in our drinking water so
to give you one more piece of context
Indiana officials said that in Ward
County 11 of the 17 schools had at least
one fixture over the level so that's a
huge percentage and it's all over the
country it's in Colorado too
it's in Florida Michigan Florida and now
as I look at the water fountains of my
kids school I think are you sure it
wasn't LED pipes are you sure there
isn't LED in those water fountains so
4.7 million dollars that's a lot of
money but it's nothing compared to the
two trillion not billion not million not
billion trillion two trillion dollars in
tax because we just gave to the rich
meanwhile we're putting lead poison in
our kids it's it's sickening
too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
