hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt there are mass teacher protests
in the state of Washington as many as
six thousand teachers did not show up
for the first day of school in an effort
to strike and protest their stagnant
wages their incredibly low wages now
teachers are paid based on the district
that they work for and various districts
have different demands the unions have
different demands based on where that
district is located but these protests
are taking place in Washington State
according to CNN nearly 6,000 teachers
are on strike in nine Western Washington
school districts that were supposed to
start class today according to local
reports parents are in favor of these
protests they spoke with ki ro7 and they
say that they stand with the teachers
who say they deserve a better
compensation package to both attract new
educators and retain current ones one
parent was quoted as saying the
following they work hard we trust them
with our kids I think they do a good job
and they need more money I just can't
help but feel for them they feel like
they deserve more and I'm going to
support them and look to her point yeah
you are trusting your kids with these
teachers and you want the best for your
kids and if you treat teachers poorly
and you give them this miserable pay I
mean you take away incentives to attract
quality teachers and then the teachers
who are amazing and sacrifice pay to do
their jobs because they believe in what
they're doing I mean they're being
overworked underpaid they deserve better
and I love that there are parents that
are supporting them like this so light
story than a serious story when I was a
kid our teachers
two-strike so let me say that for the
postgame so members get the postgame TYT
comm slice join to become a member
I'll tell you what we did while the
teachers were striking and back then the
strikes used to be real man and so
seeing our teachers like pick-up sticks
that was that was some serious stuff
back in the day so I'll tell you that
story in the postgame for the members
but back to this
I love these teachers strikes and and
what they try to do when you like this
is to pit your against their so the
people in charge are saying well look if
if I give you a higher salary I'm gonna
have to fire 200 for the youngest
teachers because I won't have enough
money in the budget well if you just
look at it in that narrow context that's
problem there might be some truth to
that okay but wait why are they you
getting the teachers to fight against
one another if you look at the overall
budget you'd actually have plenty of
money but my guess is in the state of
Washington as it happens in most of the
states and definitely the federal
government now you decided to do tax
cuts for the rich and a subsidy for that
company and a subsidy for the other
company and they lo and behold those
companies are donors so all the
legislators etc and golly gee I ran out
of money for the teachers so now
teachers rip each other to shreds you
know the younger teachers versus the
older teachers as I pick you against
each other in the Hunger Games
well the teachers aren't settling for
that anymore
and in this case ninety-three percent of
them voted for the strike so sad day for
you they're sticking together and
they're fighting as they have all across
the country and you're right
you are underpaid and the the government
is making clear what their priorities
are when they help their donors instead
of helping the people we care about and
by the way it's working and all the now
Washington's a blue state but including
in the red states like Kentucky West
Virginia people go no I know my kids
teachers I like my kids teachers they're
not bad guys you're trying to tell me
they're bad guys no you trying to tell
me that you need to give money to all
those other people that I don't know
that are giant corporations otherwise
they'll - you know they're holding our
jobs hostage but meanwhile you're
punishing the teachers and you won't
give them pay raises this is the first
strike in the state of Washington in 72
years for the teachers 72 years it's
about time we rose up so bless your
hearts I love the nurses who fight for
progressive issues and our great great
firefighters and now the teachers
fighting for all average Americans as we
demand better wages so we can have some
sort of economic dignity in this country
too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
