hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt prosecutors who are going after
Duncan Hunter that's the lawmaker out of
San Diego California are now alleging
and they're also saying that they have
proof of this that Duncan Hunter had
spent some of his campaign money on
affairs
yes plural they're saying that he had as
many as five affairs and he used some of
that campaign money on those affairs so
Duncan Hunter allegedly spent campaign
cash on affairs with five separate
individuals and that's according to the
prosecutors who reportedly claimed to
have photographic evidence he really got
this guy dirty dirty dirty now this I
believe when National Enquirer around
the story that Ted Cruz had five Affairs
I was like okay yeah fake news Duncan
Hunter jr. not just because he's younger
etc and he doesn't look like Ted Cruz
okay but because he apparently not get
along great with his wife when they were
brought up on 60 charges he immediately
threw his wife under the bus no no this
is this is fantastic so the reason why I
say it's a fantastic is because he is he
is caught in a lie here okay so if the
prosecutors are correct in their
allegations you might be wondering
cuckoo why is this relevant right why
should we care about his affairs first
of all it is illegal to use your
campaign money on affairs like this but
more importantly Duncan Hunter alleged
that his wife was the person in charge
of the campaign funds and he had
absolutely no idea this was going on
remember you put his wife way under that
bus okay so we can't believe you now
because you spent some of that money on
five different Affairs your wife would
have known she would have caught it if
she was the person in charge of all the
campaign money you know what Ana I I
have
confess I hadn't thought of that that is
a great point okay I was thinking like
okay it's a fun part of the story but
it's I was gonna say it's not really
that relevant you use the campaign cash
on what do I care if you had their first
but you write his main defense was it
wasn't me okay it was my wife he say he
literally said why don't you ask her
she's the one who was handling the money
I'm pretty sure she didn't pay for your
affairs exactly I think his wife should
throw him under the bus and use this
information as her defense yes you see
what I'm saying yeah and by the way his
lawyer doesn't even deny it he says
while there may be evidence of
infidelity irresponsibility or alcohol
dependence once properly understood the
underlying facts do not equate to
criminal activity yes they do well your
affair that is not criminal but using
campaign cash for the affair is criminal
and so but even the lawyers saying well
there could be evidence of the
infidelity irresponsibility what does
that mean that means yeah you used the
wrong you use your money instead of his
money right and he's a drunk right and I
feel bad for him you should go get help
but you could probably find that help in
a federal penitentiary you know who's
not dealing with criminal charges like
this his progressive opponent that's
right Amara Kompany jar so make sure you
check him out he's a fantastic
progressive and should get that seat cuz
he'll actually represent you guys love
the link to his website down below two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
