the Trump administration plans to
circumvent court limits on detaining
migrant miners now there was something
known as the Flores settlement which was
a settlement that was the outcome of
court proceedings in the late 1990s and
the Flores settlement essentially lets
the government know hey you can't detain
immigrant children indefinitely and if
you do detain them it can only be for 20
days and you have to detain them in
certain conditions Trump administration
hates the Flores settlement and they've
been fighting aggressively to
essentially get rid of it and so now the
administration has decided now we're
just going to basically go against what
the Flores settlement says let me give
you the details according to the
Washington Post the administration is
preparing to circumvent limits on the
government's ability to hold miners and
immigration jails by withdrawing from
the Flores settlement agreement this is
something that they've already tried to
do and a federal judge said no you can't
do this now US District Judge Dahl EMG
the person I was talking about earlier
who oversees the agreement has rejected
attempt to extend the amount of time
migrant children can be held with their
parents beyond the current limit of 20
days so to give you some more context
and background into this as you know the
Trump administration thought it would be
a great idea to deter immigrants seeking
asylum by separating children from their
parents as they cross the border now
after that happened the federal judges
weighed in ACLU sued and it was
determined that this was not the right
course of action they should be
detaining these children separate from
their parents in all these shelters
throughout the country and so now the
Trump administration is saying fine but
we're not gonna allow these families to
be released we're gonna go ahead and
detain them with their children in
special facilities and the judges have
said no you can't do that either because
you want to detain them indefinitely in
some cases for months you can't do that
now the administration is saying we're
gonna do it so it's funny the Orwellian
games that people in
or play with words so when the Bush
administration started doing torture
again they called it enhanced
interrogation and and you all know that
so in this case this is not an
internment camp this is not a cage you
know when they had the children locked
up in the cages they're like no it's not
a cage as a fence interesting Morris now
when they're locking up the kids with
their parents they're not locking them
up it's not a prison it's not any
internment it's not any of those it's a
family residential center Wow doesn't
that sound lovely would you like to go
to a family residential center I mean it
happens to have cages all around you and
you can't leave and if you remember the
story about the kids they would get 1 to
2 hours of daylight outside does that
sound like a family residential center
to you guys not at all and and so there
are other parts of this that you know
everyone should be aware of because I've
said this from the beginning even when
the zero tolerance policy was imposed
this is a money-making scheme for
facilities that want these huge
government contracts so for those of you
who think oh we're wasting our money on
these migrants and we can't have it no
no we're wasting our money on things
like private prisons or these privately
operated facilities that are going to
house these families and the thing is
the Flores settlement indicates that if
families do get detained together as
they await their hearings they have to
be in a licensed facility but many
states do not license these types of
facilities and so that's another reason
why Trump wants to do away with the
Flores settlement because he wants to be
able to you know imprison them wherever
the hell he wants and by the way final
thing the whole point of this right the
whole argument surrounding this from the
Trump administration is well we can't do
this catch and release thing because
these immigrants come in seeking asylum
and then they never show up to their
court date we release them into the
country they never show up that is
patently untrue it is untrue
more than 80% of them do come back now
for the remaining let's let's round and
give Trump a higher number than it
really is let's say 20% don't show up
okay then
find a better way to monitor them don't
put them in prison indefinitely or a
facility indefinitely until their case
gets heard by a judge but look they're
incompetent so that to be fair to them
they probably wouldn't find them because
of their incompetence to give you a
sense of of that there are still more
than 500 children in federal custody
without their parents they just lost
them that they they lost a lot of them
their parents got deported and the kids
got left behind they didn't bother
tracking them it's still the case today
so I know we're now focused on other
issues and Cable News isn't covering it
anymore
but it's just 500 kids with and they're
like hey where's mom and dad sorry we
don't know where they are
we lost them we did we deported many of
them yeah we kept you here detained and
then deported your parents some of those
videos where you know the lucky families
finally got reunited they're so
heartbreaking there's one video where a
mother is about to be reunited with her
young son and the sons angry with her
cuz it's he's a kid he doesn't
understand he thinks his parents did
this to him and so she's crying you know
sobbing and the little boy doesn't want
anything to do with her can you imagine
that happening to you and you know I
don't know what kind of re-education
they did in these camps and it sounds
like Maoist China where they get you to
turn on your parents etc and you're
telling me that you don't think that
maybe they did propaganda say oh it's
your parents fault for bringing you here
right and the kid doesn't know in some
of the cases they make the kids to
represent themselves in court it's like
a three-year-old climbing on the tables
without a lawyer and the judge is like
what are you doing you can't just bring
a three-year-old in the court and have
him defend himself this is and this is
what the Trump administration is they
don't care about these kids they don't
care about these families you're just
thinking how do I score political points
by stuffing more people into these
prisons for longeron and my final point
is what might be even more disturbing is
here it is again the Trump
administration going I don't really care
what the courts say I know that we are I
have to follow the floor settlement I'm
just not gonna do it
that's right and so that breaks down our
of government if the courts don't have
this the last word and and the executive
branch says I have the guns the court
doesn't have the guns I'm not doing it
well okay that's not America and that's
not our system of government this is
exactly how Trump is a danger to the
Republic two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
