here's the young turks at politican 2018
if you want to catch us every day become
a member to uit comm size join sitting
here on my right but the left as far as
you guys are concerned our first liberal
panelists you know him as the founder
and anchor of The Young Turks
please welcome Jake you go everybody
it's great to see you my friend
and our next panelist on the Left please
welcome my dear friend comedian you seen
her on Showtime HBO and NBC Ida
Rodriguez everybody welcome and on the
right we have the host of tipping point
on one America News Network please well
most of ya
are to set it post the tipping point
with Liz wheeler Liz wheeler everybody
welcome welcome
and our final panelist on the right
comedian you've seen his Comedy Central
our special writer on anger management
Fox News CNN the Loftus Party podcast
Michael Loftus everybody there all right
let's do this
so can you guys hear us still there's a
mic switch there apologize so alright
we're like to start on the show before
we get into our more contentious topics
in our aim like Ken Garr who will be
chiming in with random comments from the
back said we try we aim to find
solutions and compromises if possible
often fail at that for obvious reasons
but we try to start with something we
can all agree on so despite what you
think about the guy can we all agree
that the President of the United States
should not be calling women horseface
agreed agreed in the spirit of
generosity you seem a little reticent on
that Loftis well I don't know she called
him a lot of names when she when she
starts talking about the size of his
wiener and everybody's like she's brave
you know how many things they said about
Obama then he did not respond to like
he's a president of the free world
be dignified in his behavior there's
that's ridiculous to try to gender but
you sound like you're justifying
behaviors of children like I'm a mom
like oh he called you what first that's
the president of yeah I'm a fan of porn
stars personally but at the same time I
don't think that the person should need
to go tit for tat with a porn star in
the public spirit just that's how it all
started Jake and I have reversed either
I'm bringing the reins so in the spirit
of moving on to things that hopefully we
can still agree on but we shall see
let's move on to our first of our two
major topics and also at the end of this
panel vasn't dimension we will turn to
the audience for questions or comments
in a segment that we like to call
trigger-happy so you'll be triggered
you're gonna have things to say our ask
please prepare your questions as we go
oh is Charlie Kirk here he got a little
triggered yes sir that was at that panel
which reminds me my first question to
all panelists how much do you make a
year I'm looking at the other stand-up
comedian and I'm like old Uncle Sam
takes 60 cents for every dollar that's a
strong point I had a TV show over many
years and then that TV show in a way
then I was like what I can do a gig in
Pacoima for $60 I'm in yes all right so
our first of our two major topics is
immigration dream big but maybe not that
big dreamers who've lived here since
their children are at risk of
deportation and children are being
separated from their parents and put in
cages or have been and still are
separated at the same time we have
caravans of illegal immigrants heading
for our borders and many say it's too
easy to get in so what is a common-sense
solution that both sides can be happy
with can we start by you not calling my
people illegal and just call them
undocumented are your peoples only my
father was deported from the United
States and I didn't grow up with him he
got deported three times and I hate when
people refer to a human being as be
legal
they're just on - worth it totally fair
but just quickly in my defense I think
it's different to call somebody an
illegal and then just say illegal
immigrants if there's a law and they're
immigrating illegally I think it's fair
to label them as illegal immigrants any
lobbying but I saw in the packet is say
illegal I'm standing right here Ben
that's bullshit okay sorry by the way if
anybody needs an uber right after this
I'm a part-time uber driver so nice also
comedian there we go
immigration where do you guys think it
stands how do you think Trump's doing
when it comes to immigration right now
go for it
I think he's doing good but he could do
better I think we do need to respect the
dignity of all people that are here in
this country whether they're here
legally or illegally but I disagree with
you a little bit I think we need to
label things in a truthful manner if
someone has broken the law that's how we
need to refer to the action that they
took pardon if someone came here and
violated our law crossed our border
illegally they've they've committed a
crime that's a that's a law in our
nation so referring to someone as an
illegal immigrant isn't an assault on
their dignity it's recognizing that they
have salted our law so can we call Trump
who is obviously obstructed justice
violated their monuments clause and so
many other illegalities can we call the
illegal President is he an illegal
president or did he win legally no no
I'm not talking about the election I'm
talking about the fact that he is
clearly clearly violated the laws he
committed obstruction of justice on
national television so if I can call him
illegal president and you love it
then maybe we could talk about illegal
immigrants if he commits a crime and is
convicted we'll get up here together hey
wait can you remind me which crimes
undocumented immigrants were convicted
of because I don't think they were
convicted already
boys can you please leave Miss America
alone FairPoint but also crossing the
border illegally for your first time is
a misdemeanor it's not even like a legit
crime I've committed misdemeanors on the
Reg I think the solution the common
ground is we need to enforce the laws
that are on the books we have a very
generous legal immigration system we
take in about a million people a year
and right now
undocumented or illegal immigrants
they're Yale just found out everybody's
to assume oh there's 11 million
undocumented illegal people Yale just
innocent its 22 million so my question
is what how do you deport 22 million
people and how does this country survive
how does the the economy survive if you
deport 22 million illegals as you guys
like to call them not you but of course
because nobody's gonna mow the lawn if
you deport all of them right I think we
have to leave the peripheries to the
side first I can actually get to the
heart of the matter when we're talking
about the great big wall or the great
big door in the great big wall we have
to conservatives and Democrats sit down
and ask each other what's the heart of
the matter here do we want open borders
or do we want to regulate who comes into
our country and we're not gonna be able
to compromise on the nuances until we
answer that question what all right so
let me dive in here so first of all I'm
ready for the wall so there's compromise
right there as long as Mexico pays for
it just like Tom said I mean I didn't
say it he said it he didn't say it once
he said it like a hundred two hundred
times so as long as we get the cheque
from Mexico let's build a wall otherwise
I think he should shut up about it
because that was his promise it wasn't
my promise you all heard it you can't
now say you want me to pay for it I
thought you got elected saying Mexico
was gonna pay for and you were a tough
guy who was gonna make him do it so be a
tough guy and make him do it otherwise
shut up okay right now right now we
spend a hundred
sixteen billion dollars that's for the
UH that's for the 11 million
undocumented but if it's actually 22
million you double that so I think he's
gonna pass the savings along on to us
okay that is not remotely true and I'll
tell you why so first of all the
undocumented immigrants pay taxes they
pay into Social Security Medicare and
they never get it out so they actually
put more into the system than they take
out of this system so what you hear
about the cost is a total and utter lie
utter lie okay so they actually put in
more into the system second of all look
I actually can answer Ben's question
about compromise solution but the
Republicans will never ever go for it
and it's actually a draconian solution
it's indentured servitude lasted seven
years and then you got to stay here
that's the beginning of the country it
wasn't Pleasant it was pretty gnarly it
was but hey that's how we started and it
was and I don't believe in those
traditions and Heritage's but right now
the current compromise proposal is that
14 years of indentured servitude here
then you get to be on a pathway to
citizenship now I say let's go back to
seven years and you've earned it you
work here you believe in the American
dream and then you can become a citizen
so do we have a deal at seven years are
you asked me a tension servant too bad
because slavery it's not so bad that's
your proposal it's twice indentured
servitude and you still won't agree to
it twice as bad as indentured servitude
and they will not agree to it right
Jang's point is that if you're living
here with without official status and
you're being to some degree exploited
with lower wages and you're not getting
to take benefits out of the system that
is a strong I think it's very fair to
say it's pretty close to indentured
servitude if you've been here for a very
long time
can we have compassion in our policies
you say our existing laws are good right
how many how many people are we supposed
to save so what I mean how many can we
save the world no because we can't even
can we take more children from Africa
and China no we should start there the
white boys who shoot up schools and
theaters in America is where we should
suck we like to give immigration of
brown faith are you
talking about the Eastern Europeans that
come here because you're talking about
building a wall is that gonna keep
people coming from China it's always our
people who are demonized and you talk
about we come here and we do we commit
crimes and we the Democrats want the
ms-13 to come here and rape all the
white women we hear that bullshit all
the time where we gotta be scared right
now look how many white boys are out
here we got to worry about them shooting
this bitch up and it's really
frustrating to have to hear that
immigration belongs comes from Mexico El
Salvador where we all know that people
migrate here from all over the world
overstay their welcome abuse our economy
break the laws and then you want to
blame it on the people who come here who
are honorable they work they mow lawns
we do all kinds of things that you would
never do sell delicious fruit in fruit
carts an incredible value five bucks for
so much fruit so much hard to believe
and if you want to see hot dogs wrapped
in bacon those are also amazing here
have been drunk he's in a club that's a
lifesaver those hot dogs and technically
China does have a wall so that's right
so so and also approximate as at least
recently as 2014 numbers something like
forty four percent of people that are
here in an unauthorized capacity are
people that have overstayed their visas
so those are people that did not just
come over the border that a wall would
not stop and so why do we have to
demonize one particular group is what I
wonder why can't we just have a
comprehensive common sense that then
leads to a comprehensive solution here's
the thing and I think this is why I
build the wall resonated with with
voters in the last election it's because
I'm sorry
because when the Democrats are in charge
and they all say we need border security
bill bill clinton we need border
security you know you can see the
videotape of him saying we need to do
something about the border the democrats
do nothing and then when the republicans
are in charge they do nothing either
someone is someone is digging the cheap
labor
and I don't I don't like it so hey I'm
for if you're overstating your visa gone
daddy gone and that is a fair fair point
though too about Bill Clinton because
even Hillary Clinton used to be in favor
of a border fence which in some way of
looking at it is sort of more cruel than
a border wall because she basically
saying we can let the people Trent
across the border peek in at America if
a border well is racist was it racist
when Senator Hillary Clinton and Senator
Barack Obama voted in favor of funding
one in 2006 so no the that look the talk
about a border wall that would resonate
it I was kidding around and saying
partly kidding resonated with racist
it's because there's this idea we got to
keep the others out and if we build a
wall tall enough they won't be able to
and using the language of the right-wing
that has literally been used over the
last two years they won't be able to
infest our country and that's why it
resonated with those particular people
in terms of having laws we all agree to
it look I'm a legal immigrant I believe
in doing it the right way I also
understand those people don't have some
of the privilege that I had you know my
dad had built up a company already in
Turkey and had the airfare to be able to
come here and had my uncle already lived
here whereas somebody fleeing violence
in Honduras does not have all of that
privilege so I think that it's fair to
have our laws and enforce our laws and
by the way Michael's right about one
thing look I'm compromising look at this
right is that that it's mainly the
corporations that want those people here
for cheap labor
unfortunately it's those corporations
that fund all of our politicians and
that is why as usual as with every issue
you have got to get money out of
politics yeah well III agree with that
as well I agree with well as a what if I
hear one more cut with our one-horse
position unlimited sorry I'm sorry to
interrupt real quickly to second tangent
on money in politics if money's free
speech it disproportionately benefits
much more speech to rich people is a
down
down bad audience bad even the people
that support Donald Trump are looking at
you like what the fuck are you talking
about that I really bitch to do to say
nice it out loud
can we please let the lesbian on the
right finish his thought it still comes
back to the heart of the matter you
haven't answered the question yet the
people that are here should we regulate
who comes into our country and if the
president and his administration whether
it's democrat or republican isn't
enforcing that our laws that are on the
books should we determine who comes into
our country or should we just allow
anybody who wants to come into our
country with legal or otherwise come in
that seems to be the difference between
the right and the left right now salute
let me clarify cuz I thought I was clear
no I believe in enforcing the laws and I
believe that the people who are here in
an undocumented status should either
work seven years under the processes
that we have set up and then they have a
pathway to citizenship or if they don't
want to do that of course then they
should leave the country and that there
should be a orderly process for doing
that and so it doesn't mean that we have
to be brutal to them it doesn't mean
that we have to call them criminals and
rapists it doesn't mean that we have to
demonize them it means we treat them
like human beings who are all striving
for the same thing now look you and I
grew up in in America with a lot of
privilege but if you if you're a kid who
grew up in Honduras I mean it's easy to
say well why don't you just get rich
right but I mean I Donald Trump the the
president the leader the right wing now
said he got a small 1 million dollar
loan from his dad which turns that was
like a hundred and something yeah turns
out it was four hundred and thirty
million dollars what is privileged to
find rape it's still still not answering
the question so even if even if it
here's my compromise compromise see what
see what you think this is my compromise
I think it's a good idea I think you'd
be surprised at the appetite of
Republicans to actually grant people who
are here illegally who are otherwise
law-abiding citizens legal status if the
flow of illegal immigrants was cut off
if we had you know a great big wall yeah
and a great big door in that great big
wall I think you'd be surprised at how
many people
I think if we gave if we gave legal
status to all those people and didn't
secure didn't secure our borders in some
way didn't regulate people who have
overstayed their visas what would stop a
whole millions and millions of other
people from saying well all I have to do
is jump the border and I get to stay
there forever what's that wait a minute
1492 like what stopped them back in the
day when you guys came here and stole
the country that didn't belong to you
like what stopped you and stopped you
then and I look at the Nationals and the
black people here who are pumping this
once you get your status and you feel
like you're good and then you you don't
throw the rope back and you look at your
people and you're like why I don't think
why can't they do it I did it there's a
systemic issue here that we continue to
ignore when it comes to people of color
and why we don't get where we they tie
our leg behind our back our arms behind
our back have a head start and they say
why can't you catch up that is the
reason why we can't just come here and
just do the magical things when you are
the salt of the earth as a white woman
and things are laid out for you to for
you to be able to have you can sneeze
and say this black guy looked at me the
wrong way and he's in jail and getting
beat down by the cops it's not that easy
to just say why can't you guys just get
it together are we gonna ignore the
years and years and years of systemic
racism and oppression that that prevents
people of color from moving ahead yes as
I'm gonna ignore it as a white woman let
me agree that is a fair point that's a
fair point
but can I just answer this question Liz
we do have laws that's why Barack Obama
broke the record on number of immigrants
deported you make it sound like there
are no laws and it's just lawless and it
opened Obama right so mine one of my
issues with the wall and everybody's
gonna be different is that it is that
it's incredibly expensive and not very
efficient but if you want to talk about
border security we already have border
security both Obama and Trump have
greatly increased it we have laws to
deport people we deport millions of
people so we already do it so this
talking point like oh my god
a lawless country anybody can walk in
and we do nothing about it is not
remotely true we do know it sends it's
incredibly true Yael just did a study
it's not 11 million illegal they were
vastly Undertown
it's 22 million illegal and then when
you stop zero tolerance illegal border
crossings were up 80 percent last month
you have to do something and the reason
the wall resonated wasn't it wasn't
because people are racist and want to
stop all the brown people it's we're
tired of government lying to us every
Republican gets on TV and like we all
agree the border image of our
immigration system is broken and then
the left gets on our border and they say
it's broken its broken it's broken and
they've been saying this crap for about
22 years
so finally Trump comes in goes build a
wall simple and everybody goes yeah
I'm on board for a wall you like a big
one there'll be a monorail there'll be
casinos it'll be awesome well I'll have
jobs and live like so but again I think
what people on the Left take issue with
isn't again for the fifth or sixth time
not about enforcing the laws it's about
treating people in a humane way and not
demonizing a baby pages not putting
children in cages which is bad enough
but also in a Walmart what your pictures
remember the pictures of kids in cages
wrapped in foil next to porta-potties
those pictures are from 2014 under
President Barack Obama it's true look it
up no no there's two different things as
always complaining two different issues
so let me address both so first of all
there are undocumented and unaccompanied
minors that have come in under
Republican and Democratic presidents and
unfortunately you do have to put them
somewhere before
as you adjudicate whether they should
stay or leave so Obama did have
facilities just like Republican or
president and Democratic presidents adds
facility Obama what Obama what Obama
what Obama did not do is take
accompanied kids from parents and rip
them away from their mother and their
fathers not give them an explanation
and and all those for rate them and
separate them and put them in a prison
and and by the way the unaccompanied
minors are usually 15 and above because
it's a it's a treacherous journey to get
here but the accompanied minors are as
young as three years old and babies etc
and that is far more traumatic so there
is a difference so please stop
conflating those things I grew up in a
cage I'm doing just fine I would agree
with him I think that both parties pimp
the people of color I don't think that
it's specific to just Republicans I
think everybody is pimping them for to
get unless I was Obama's White House so
in the way of compromise we can move on
to our last topic and then open it up
for questions because one of the other
things that the Trump administration I
was doing in Jeff Sessions trying to do
is trying to soften the asylum laws
which now allow people that are fleeing
persecution they're saying well now we
can just immediately take them back over
and catch release and put them back over
and delay their process of getting a
fair hearing in front of an immigration
judge and that seems to me unfair one
solution that the right sometimes
suggest is that maybe you keep
immigration asylum laws as they are
people entering official border entry
points but now you're crossing the
middle so I'm curious what the left
thinks about that is that seems fair
because they're also cutting in front of
other asylum seekers who are waiting in
a big ass line at the at the official
ports of entry and they're coming across
and they get to kind of jump double jump
so in terms of trumps policy of just not
listening to asylum seekers good news
there's precedent for that we did that
to the Jews who were trying to escape
Nazis that's exactly what we did we
turned their ships back and said we
don't care go back into the hands of the
Nazis running Guatemala and El Salvador
are they running from Nazis wait I
thought you guys really want saying
ms-13 is the worst thing in the world
and a lot of times they're running from
ms-13 and UN in name case of Syria
they're literally running from Isis
which you told me is as bad as Nazis and
what are we doing I don't care just show
them back by set it back to Isis send it
back to ms-13 that's your position not
answer Ben's question
I would greatly prefer that they come in
through the port because that is the
right way to do it but I'm not gonna say
blanket no if you're crossing in a place
that isn't the port I'm not even gonna
listen to you why you think that guy
running for his life knows where the
port is some of them know it great
wonderful and I want to help them know
where it is right but a lot of them have
no idea they didn't get that memo they
didn't get the email telling them where
the port is right and so how about this
for a solution a compromise from both
sides what if we were to build a wall if
it gets funded in a way that does not
cost taxpayers money we also then
enforce our current laws we also
Institute a visa tracking system so
people do not overstay their visas so
that way you can stem this insane we
don't have that any app could figure out
how to track you give you notifications
constantly start know what the problem
is but then also treat people humanely
and people have been here since they
were children and are not criminals have
not ever violated our laws they get to
stay because they've been part of our
country and part of what makes isn't
that great isn't that what Reagan did
Reagan granted amnesty you to bunch
people I was like hey I know he broke
the law but you're good right you guys
get to stay and that what set that sent
a message to the rest of the planet oh
go to America get in any way you can and
if they didn't cause any problems they
became American citizen they said there
are a boatload of wonderful wonderful
people who are in really bad countries
that desperately want to be here we
cannot take them all and it's racist in
my mind if we only take brown people
while we're watching kids in Africa die
when watching kids in Asia die
you know because their lives are craps
but they just can't walk over and go I
didn't know where the asylum thing was
well like they can't walk over we're
supposed to do send send so but again I
don't think that's the move so so we
cannot save we cannot save the planet we
cannot save the planet so let's save a
million people a year
what's the number how many should we
take how many should we take how many
illegals should we embrace so once you
won't give me a number because there
because there is no magic number all
right guys
put forward constructive solutions to
every single answer in question okay so
let me break down your premises one more
time first of all I love you pretending
to care about African children if I die
shall I show you the pictures of me and
sweat Oh should I show you the pictures
of me yeah all right let's do we got to
do that don't assume Michael we got a
deal then if you do that's wonderful so
how many African children should we
bring into the country I'll say 250,000
all right great wonderful and you will
be the only Republican in the country
who says that I you think trums gonna be
in favor that you think the Republican
Party's gonna be in favor that I think
50,000 African poor African kids let me
hear it one Republican let me just hear
it one more time you said how many
people from the shithole countries per
year well break we'll break up that will
break up the million that we get equally
we'll just do it by continent okay
hey a lot of things a lot of things I
already know the answer because the
Republicans right now are trying to kill
the lottery system which does bring in
more diversity from all over the world
it's really thick it's a literal it's a
literal answer to your question the
Republicans say hell no I don't want
people from other parts of the world and
in fact it's not just it's not just
undocumented immigrants in fact now you
guys and you correct me if it doesn't
apply to you guys that's fair but the
Republican Party and Donald Trump and
Tucker Carlson and Fox News all say they
are now against chain migration which is
all it is his family migration that is
actually two-thirds of legal migration
was non-accountable on his parents got
here by the way that's right and if you
knock out family migration and you knock
out the lottery you've knocked out
eighty-five percent of legal immigrants
so in reality it's not that they're
worried about the illegality it's that
they're worried about immigrants they
just don't want them here finally I
don't accept your premise that those
people are taking from us and we are
saving them okay what they are doing is
contributing to America this is a
country of immigrants look around you
were all immigrants
and we all waited in line and I point
out I just waited it hold on I'm sorry
they all waited in line I don't remember
Columbus waiting in line okay I don't
remember the pilgrims waiting in line
I remember them coming here and raping
and pillaging and murdering their way to
this gun for Columbus it's okay it's
it's ancient history but don't tell me
they waited because they didn't wait and
they had no papers Christopher Columbus
was the first undocumented immigrants
but climates like the disagree I'm
pretty sure Christopher Columbus raped
and pillaged through official ports of
entry exactly he did find a poor and I
want to just point out that a lot of
those African kids make great soldiers
sure okay that's really bad all right
okay okay so so we have to move on so in
a way of solution can we all agree last
I'm gonna try this I'm moving on can we
all agree that we need to enforce our
current laws if you want to build a wall
that doesn't cost taxpayers money build
your wall and and yes I said enforce our
current laws but also just treat people
that are here humanely unless they
committed crimes is that cool
I am agree with that I said legalize the
people that are here illegally as long
as the flow has been stopped okay
yeah agreed is land on the wall which
you stated as long as Mexico pays well
great we just fixed immigration how
about a round of applause everybody
solved the immigration problem wonder
it's not we the people are doing it all
right we're changing the world all right
our next topic here our last big topic
and then we will open for questions this
is a small little one it's about Trump
generally so reality check for the
reality star we all know Trump tweets
too much and it's not the most polite
guy in the world but the left thinks
he's a racist misogynist traitor eroding
our values and faith in our institutions
while the right thing she's doing a
bang-up job the economy's doing great
and he's being unfairly attacked so the
question is despite his demeanor is
Trump actually doing a good job
all right look all right so he once
tweeted that the two things he is best
known for in his life are being like a
smart person and and being very mentally
stable so I want you to imagine with the
best words the best words the first
words I went to MIT don't forget that
please oh yeah I want you to imagine
that a guy walks up to you in a bar and
says I'm known for two things what is
being like a smart person and others
being really mentally stable how quickly
do you run as a stand-up comedian with
two stand-up comedians to my side I can
say that he's the best comedians in the
game he's pretty funny I'm an absurd
that he says is hilarious he's a Don
Rickles the president's man and I love
the warmth as a as a Puerto Rican % I'd
like to be thankful to him because up
until the hurricane you know nobody
people didn't know a Porto Ricans were
and but you know it's funny I thought I
watched the panel here yesterday Michael
Steele was on this panel and it were
they were Republicans and they were
conservatives and what they said was
just because we are Republicans does not
mean that we have to endorse bad
behavior it doesn't mean that we have to
agree with a rhetoric that when people
when we when people say that Donald
Trump is racist we're not pulling that
out of the air if you don't believe us
ask the Central Park five ask do you
know what I mean ask the people who have
been directly attacked as people who are
anti white nationalists well they're
they're good people on both sides been
very fun
listen I think Donald Trump is hilarious
from a comedic standpoint and I
understand why some people who were
tired of what was going has been going
on in this country would gravitate
towards someone who will just speak
their minds because people are tired but
what I think is happening is that
they're being pimped because nobody
really cares about the people right now
and this this whole thing that Donald
Trump is gonna come save the the people
of this country who have been struggling
he won't even sit at a table with you
he's an elitist and he doesn't even see
you and you are falling for that
bullshit that he cares about you and he
doesn't
and if chain migration is the bad thing
then then my milania's people got to go
home right it's all way it only pertains
to those of us who are not in the 1% but
why does it seem like while Republicans
may not have to excuse bad behavior it
seems like Republicans in Congress do
have to excuse it because they do
constantly they were against Trump and
said he was unfit for office said he was
mentally unstable said he was deranged
said he was a danger to our country and
these presidents are getting some of
their priorities passed and all of a
sudden that doesn't matter and it seems
like American values don't matter
anymore
as long as you get tax well yes it
switched it switched from you don't like
the way he talks to American values
which ones do a great job just from the
lightest rated one of his candidacy he
came down an escalator in a pretty
ghetto fashion to announce the candidacy
for a billionaire but it came down an
escalator and said Mexicans are rapists
I'm running for president no he didn't I
Wall Street man I can't take it it
drives me crazy FoxNews loves to take a
Madonna quote out of context Madonna at
the women's March she goes I've thought
about blowing up the White House and
then she goes on to say but violence
isn't the solution it's actually a
wonderful notion but they just take that
little soundbite Trump came down the
golden escalator he goes they're not
sending their best best people they're
sending their criminals they're sending
their rapists and yeah if I committed a
crime in Mexico I'm going to come to
America in it what's the difference in
America when a cowboy would break the
law
they'd always go to Mexico it's always
that's the thing that he's not saying if
they are all rapists they aren't all
criminals yes he's essentially saying
that because the exact quote to figure
the full context he added one little
rejoinder at the end he goes and some I
assume are good people so he literally
said almost everybody that is coming is
rapists and criminals except the rare
few exceptions okay and and as we've
been talking about read a minute ago
before your bullshit compromise I'm
kidding but give me a second like you
agreed a second ago if we're treating
people with humanities because most
people coming here are to seek a better
life for their families they're coming
with their families how is that rapists
and criminals countries don't have a way
to get there a legal and remove a three
point five percent of our population
they account for thirteen point six
percent of criminal conviction about
when I say all illegal immigrants are
criminals but they are talking about a
higher percentage of illegal immigrants
who commit crime percentage alright look
let's break it down one at one at a time
first of all they are sending their
criminals and rapists it's projection
like the government of Mexico or
Honduras El Salvador I mean they what
are they taking people out of presidents
sending them judge President Trump when
were outside of this bubble they don't
care about these nuances they care about
whether they're doing better now than
they were last year most people people
most voters don't watch most voters
don't watch the nuances lose what's
happening in politics they look at
what's happening in their everyday life
yeah able to provide for their families
are they safer are they able to afford
to send their children to college that's
what motivates people I will kick you
all out of here right now I swear to God
and if Aryan chimes in and says wages
are still stagnant yes now look guys
guys I'm gonna let me take it one at a
time you interrupt it that's okay we're
going back and forth but in terms of the
criminality it's just not true in fact
legal immigrants such as myself are
commit the least amount of crimes
national born citizens commit four times
as much crime as legal immigrants when
it comes to undocumented immigrants
natural-born citizens commit more than
twice as much crime as undocumented
immigrants so if anyone's sending
criminals and rapists okay and in fact
that is the projection the projection is
well the UK when they were whenever
there was the English Empire did
literally send criminals and rapists to
the state of Georgia and Australia so
that's where the idea comes from because
back then white monarchs sent their
criminals and rapists to lands to
criminally rape those lands yeah all of
us raelia is criminals and we love
Australian people and that's how it
started but that right not what happens
today so on the criminality I am happy
to get fact-check because I know those
prices by the way one of those studies
is from the Cato Institute a libertarian
Institute and it's about Texas so it's
and and there's one that is across the
country so that is a stone called fact
in fact american-born people are on
average far more criminal okay
i mended all my crimes earlier no one's
taking me seriously I am a criminal I
don't know good so now now to address
your second point about how great
everybody's doing well the sp500 your
right is up for example 2,100 to 2,700
since Trump's been up well that's not
bad it went up 600 points I've made
money on that yeah all right under Obama
it went from 700 to 2,100 so that is a
ripple under Obama
so under trumpet went up 30% under Obama
went up 300% I assume that you think
Obama's ten times as good a president as
Donald Trump based on your metrics and
the unemployment rate went from like 12
percent to like 4.8 and now it went from
four point eight to three point four
which is like also astronaut
remind me which presidents never had a
quarter of over three percent GDP growth
Trump that's not that's also not true he
went well over four percent one quarter
he had five percent Obama did none of
those things are true he's like this guy
says he's gonna bring back jobs those
jobs George Bush ruined - you idiot and
I mean did tanked economy on the way out
he was literally saying we're about to
have the worst depression since the
Great Depression I'm out so it was not a
great moment no more comments duck
dynasty alright keep it down
so Michael look by every metric the
deficit was at one point four trillion
Obama brought it down to five hundred
and eighty five billion now it's gonna
go back up to one point one trillion in
just two years under Trump unemployment
went from 10% the 4.8%
he cut it by half so these are all under
the using Obama doesn't know the economy
is just counterfactual but in terms of
what really matters to Anna's point both
Obama and Trump had stagnant wages so
the reality is you guys didn't get any
of the games it all went to the rich you
went to the rich under Obama's going to
the rich under Trump and the reality is
were all getting screwed by this if you
look if you take the average American if
you take the average American and you
look at their paychecks you ask them how
much they're making every week or every
two weeks whenever they get their
paychecks since the Trump tax cuts the
Republican tax cuts went into effect the
average American now has 82 $390 per
paycheck more than they did before that
do you think do you think that doesn't
matter do you think that doesn't matter
to voters first of all we all get direct
deposit they're not getting paychecks
anymore like we have a fact that
supports our side like an egg that's
nice they also but also look at the
systemics
sure of that tax cut why do you think it
is that the tax cut was permanent for
rich people and temporary so would you
support if it was permanent across the
board it'd be better just supporting yes
or no and to answer your question
probably the reason why they're saying
roar is because their paychecks are
probably not reflecting so even the duck
dynasty guy in the back of Potter to
that ones though
alright so Paul Ryan bragged that some
checks are as low as a dollar fifty
extra in your paychecks
Wow now do you want to know what the top
1% got on average sixty one thousand
dollars a year in that tax cut that's
what that tax cut was all about and then
Liz says hey one grand a political
speech right there yeah every year and
Liz says hey look some of you might have
gotten a dollar fifty some of you might
have gotten eighty or three hundred
ninety dollars depending on how much you
make and congratulations these are the
guys by the way who said Oh Obama just
wants to give away goodies to minorities
but so now they go hey I gave you
something in your paycheck but meanwhile
don't look at what I really gave away
which is 61 thousand dollars a year
comedy how many companies how many
companies paid that forward how many
companies gave their employees raises or
bonuses after the very very if you don't
if you don't remember then you don't
know what you're talking about how many
okay so for Liz let's take AT&T as an
example hey yeah let's take AT&T an
example so they said hey guys it's great
we're gonna give you guys bonuses and
then they said afterwards but not all of
you and then while no one was looking
and while Trump wasn't beating his chest
over it they fired people they fired
thousands of people and what did they
mainly use the money for stock buybacks
that the executives got rich well Trump
Trump can only do so much in two years
and when he's reelected in 2020 you'll
all be more well-off he could only do so
much damage or easing or progress it's
what do you think so here's the question
so not only is are those tax cuts
disproportionately secured to the rich
but to my the crux of my original
question if Obama and Trump both
improves the economy at a pretty steady
clip even take away that three times or
five times we just talked about let's
say it was equal they both have equally
improving the economy if both sides are
getting their economy improved equally
and one of those sides is trying to
foment anger to re-energize racists to
try to discriminate against LGBTQ people
to try to demonize foreigners coming
into the country and and to just rabble
rouser the country trying to almost try
to push us towards what feels like a
civil war he wants why is that good why
is that why are the values of our
country not more important and something
I never understand about Trump
supporters because it's not right now in
my eyes about Republican policies versus
Democrat policies it's about what makes
a country what makes a nation in my eyes
is the basis of it the fabric of it it's
the values it's the institutions that
create the the system in which we live
and he tries constantly to undermine our
institutions because all of our
institutions bullshit he says that
they're there they're full of shit and
their partisan says our courts are
partisan because their elections are
rigged says Russia isn't as bad as we
think they are and the fact they're
doing great stuff and they didn't medal
what everybody says they did medal and
he calls Mexicans rapists and he calls
Brown people bad that need to be banned
from our country why is that okay
what's that he makes fun of disabled
right when above party it needs to the
Republican slope in his country first
why is it not country first and why are
isn't there a widespread rebuke of him
of him overall I don't like Trump I also
love the economy doing great I like him
for that I like some of his tough talk
in certain instance
I didn't agree with going out of the
Iran deal but I liked him talking tough
afterwards because they shouldn't be
threatening death to America but why
can't we say on a more basic level this
man is not who America is when did it's
this whole he's a racist he's a racist
it's just so boring like here's my
question about racism this is the
liberal favorite talking point to bring
everything back to racism there are very
very few people in our country who are
true racist and that's a good thing very
better finish let me get my question if
the left cares is deeply about people of
color as they claim they do why do they
ignore the fact that half a million
unborn black babies are aborted every
year okay let me let me let me wait a
minute go to questions you guys really
care about them after they're born right
let me just answer this from the
perspective of a person of color as the
mother of a black son when you talk
about very few people being racist in
this country I swear to god these videos
are like an episode of Scooby Doo when
people never believed us when we kept
talking about this racism and your
people keep saying to us it's a figment
of your imagination get over it it was
400 years ago and every week every
single day women accusing even children
of doing things that they didn't do this
racism that you're talking about that
systemic and has been in this country
for centuries and you keep asking us
what are you talking about are you
seriously telling me that you think that
very few people are racist in this
country when the numbers of hate groups
has gone up to now every new little
clique look at all the shirts around
here and it's all told death
so to death to tell people of color that
very few people are racist when we've
got a war
our son died on the streets every week
and it's certainly not boring to talk
about it that's for sure it's certainly
not boring I think we can tell that for
sure minutes left so we have I don't
hate white people the way some white
people hate us I say that with all the
love in my heart and I've been friends
for a long time it's very sweet of my
favorite Jewish person on you so much in
fact I'm gonna take Ida to dinner
tonight we're gonna do that please Liz
quickly for one minute and then we're
gonna go to three minutes of questions
all right so first of all don't
misconstrue what I'm saying I didn't say
there wasn't racism you fear people I
said very few races I say the same thing
about auntie feh I don't conflate white
supremacists on the extreme right and
Auntie fond the extreme left
I think the responses racism auntie was
a response to race level response mana
they've been going on for some no I'm
gonna it gets old to hear people who
operate who bask in their privilege and
walk around oblivious to the realities
of those who cannot hide because we
don't have the camouflage to hide in it
so when you come with these questions
that are offensive that is an offensive
question which you don't seem to
understand you are offending every black
man in this audience you are busy every
black man in this audience every man of
color in the connie why don't you why
don't you can tell NAT is racism then
why don't you condemn aborting black
babies as racism then if that's why
don't know why do you feel the motion is
the law of the land and you're allowed
to get abortions don't talk to me about
the Bible because the Bible is the Bible
which I grew up on you are supposed to
walk so much in the light not judge
anybody else if you want to talk Bible
talk it's not your job to judge anybody
for in abortion and it's your job to
walk so walking away worthy
the calling that all of these people
would want to see Jesus because you do
it so well it is not your time to go
around judging anybody about their
abortion of women's bodies which you
should be fighting for as a woman so
ridiculous it's so potent you know I
think we solved that one we have time
for one question sorry we don't enough
time but it got a little heated hi hi
guys my heart is racing right now this
is a really so I'm a flaming liberal so
of course my question is for the
Conservatives my question I want to go
back to the taxes basically throughout
this whole panel you said Trump did one
good thing one good thing and that was
give me $90 on my paycheck I'm pretty
sure that's what you said we didn't so
my question is this
with that $90 and we and that's an
average right what am i able to buy
between my rents between my food between
my childcare between my clothing between
my my raising electric bill my phone
bill every single thing that I need to
survive transportation all of those
things what am i spending that $90 on
that is actually going to help me or
help with someone who just made a dollar
okay so when you when you discount when
you dismiss 92 $390 it just makes it
seem like there's there's privilege
involved there they're a lot of people
in this country
that's a lot of money too it is
important it's the difference we have to
rabbit we have to wrap up at telling us
we have to wrap ladies and gentlemen
let's thank your pan a little wrapping
right now we do this show every single
month at the Hollywood improv lab our
next one is on November 20th only seats
55 people please come in support it's
hard to fill it crazy ly we get panels
like this improv come for tickets
November 20th 8 p.m. thank you to Ida
Rodrigues genk you girl is wheeler and
Michael Loftus from them bleep Ken guard
Shannon Lee and Mike Malone thank you so
much
