I do want to spend a little bit of time
talking about the denials because there
have been a number of administration
officials who have come forward and
denied publishing that op-ed and I want
to share their responses with you so
first let's go to graphic for because it
gives you a sense of the environment or
the climate within the administration at
the moment according to the New York
Times a hunt for the author of the
offending article was quickly initiated
and scrutiny focused on a half dozen
names aides said they assumed it was
written by someone who worked in the
administration but not the White House
itself although they could not be sure
you know I don't necessarily believe
that yeah same
Kelly Anne Conway is out there saying oh
good but anybody could have been
thousands of people that have access to
the White House no no and it's like we
don't know they're in the White House at
all why Kelly Anne Conway's in the White
House and so to me that was a little bit
of curious I know what we're doing now
this is the fun part of the story the
disastrous part is that the president
has lost his mind
the fun part is playing Mafia II I don't
know if any of you have ever played that
game where you try to figure out who the
Mafia is and who the citizens are look
google it it's a super fun game and
that's basically what we're doing at a
national level here who did it and who
who could it be and when you look for
clues when someone codes it comes out
and goes hey it didn't have to be
somebody in my position or similar
heyday they don't have to be in the West
Wing I'm in the West Wing but they don't
have to be in the West Bank it could be
thousands of people you don't know who
it is I go hmm interesting yeah okay so
that's just but there's a lot of clues
there's a lodestar of clues you know
we'll get to him so let's go to the
first video this is Mike Pompeo he of
course is a senior official within the
Trump White House and here's what he has
to say about the op-ed and whether or
not he might have published it were you
the author of that up and could you
comment on it thank you
so it shouldn't surprise anyone that the
New York Times a liberal newspaper that
has attacked this administration
relentlessly chose to print such a piece
they should not well have chosen to take
a disgruntled deceptive bad actors word
for anything and put it in their
newspaper if again if it is what it is
purported to be it is sad that you have
someone who would make that choice I
come from a place where if you're not in
a position to execute the commander's
intent you have a singular option then
just to leave and this person in shed
instead according to the New York Times
chose not only to stay but to undermine
what President Trump in this
administration are trying to do and I
have to tell you I just I find I find
the media's efforts in this regard to
undermine this administration incredibly
disturbing and and I'll answer your
other question directly because I know
someone will said gosh she didn't answer
the question it's not mine so a couple
of things that are fun there first of
all that the president beginning was
awesome okay and disturbing I want it on
the soundboard although people be so
mystified later what is that weird
breathing number two he again like Trump
he attacks the New York Times are you
serious a newspaper gets someone that
they have confirmed as a senior
administration official maybe the Vice
President may be the spokesperson we
don't know who it is a cabinet member
comes to any press organization says I
am working against the president would
you like to print that oh you would you
should immediately shut down your news
organization if you don't print that
exam is more news than I am inside the
White House and I will not do what the
president says because the president is
potentially mentally unstable how is
that not news but American voters
deserved
know as well we deserve to know that is
our government that government
represents us supposed to be looking out
for us serving our best interest we
didn't we deserve to know about the
utter chaos that's happening within the
White House right now by the way you
could argue Trump deserves to know magna
deserves to know like that there's
somebody in your view of the world if
you're a magnet guy there's a guy who's
looking to undermine the president well
now you know and you could ferret him
out or whatever you you think is the
appropriate course
and now is it Pompeo back to the parlor
game okay
no it's unlikely to be a Pompeo not
because oh he denied it of course
they're all gonna deny it but you know I
bet the person refers to early cabinet
meetings where there were whispers of it
using the 25th amendment
Pompeyo was not in the cabinet in the
beginning Pompeo joined the cabinet
later so he's at the CIA and now he's
Secretary of State in part of the
cabinet you sure you didn't work as like
a defense attorney at some point I vote
little nugget right there you look I'm
not saying that I'm a monk the defective
detective
I just wanted to comment on one word he
said in that statement that was just
ridiculous and inaccurate so he referred
to the person who published the op-ed as
disgruntled disgruntled why it's a
senior official within Trump's
administration who's currently serving
within Trump's administration
disgruntled is usually what bad actors
will point to when someone got fired and
then decided to publish something or say
something negative about the company
that they got fired from this is not a
disgruntled person this is a person who
still has a position of power holds a
position of power within the Trump
administration I have the person that I
did something very curious that I got at
among the top two candidates along with
Kellyanne Conway Oh dramas okay now Paul
Ryan was also asked about the op-ed
here's what he had to say I look the
person the person by person who works in
the administration serves pleasure the
president it's a person who obviously is
living in dishonesty it doesn't help the
president so
if you're not interested in helping the
presentation work for the photos far as
I'm concerned he doesn't believe yeah I
know in reality he's thinking oh thanks
God please stay whatever you do don't
don't come out stay where you are
make sure he doesn't launch any news
yeah by the way to give you some more
context and some inside baseball so what
the senior officials are currently doing
is they are essentially printing out
their strongly worded responses to these
off EDS and putting it on Trump's desk
because he needs it like he needs that
validation on a regular basis he loves
like those strongly worded denials and
and all the negative commentary about
this op-ed because he's a child he's a
thin-skinned egomaniac and that's what
he needs to hear from people to feel
good about himself and by the way he's
not very bright I mean so John Kelly and
Jim mattis apparently went in chief of
staff and his defense secretary and they
were like no no Woodward's book was
wrong we didn't really say those
comments and it isn't us
is it okay then I believe you but the
person is gonna lie to you and he's not
smart enough to figure out which one it
is so and by the way this is something
that's been going on for a long time
remember bob Corker another Republican
senator has said earlier I know for a
fact every single day at the White House
is a situation trying to contain him
it's a shame the White House has become
an adult daycare center someone
obviously missed their shift this
morning referring to something that
Trump had done erratic that day and
that's another Republican obviously
talked to a colleague of his so that's
another clue so perhaps a former
Republican senator that would know bob
Corker dan coates is a former Republican
senator he's the Director of National
Intelligence okay
another former Republican colleague of
corker in the Congress vice president
Mike Pence okay two strikes against
pence so there's the star yeah so
there's the Loadstar and that's a word
that was used in the op-ed that Mike
Pence uses all the time and almost no
one else does
certainly within this administration so
that was strike one on you gas past
corker is potentially strike two now get
a little strike three mmm
Pence is one of the few guys who didn't
say it himself
he had a staffer put out a statement ok
so already I was like hmm things that
could make you go and then here's a
statement from his communications
director the vice president puts his
name on his op eds so for that is an
incredibly weak denial okay
the newer times should be ashamed as so
should the person who wrote now he gets
better here the false illogical and
gutless op end okay
so New York Times should be ashamed
doesn't mean anything but hey the false
illogical and gutless not bad that's
getting stronger but so far they haven't
actually said it isn't him okay and then
the last part of it and this is it
last sentences our office is above such
amateur acts and if you notice not only
did he never say he didn't do it okay
called it an amateur act but he didn't
they didn't even say Pence's above it
they said our office is above such acts
now I this is what I do our decode
political speak for a living and there's
a reason why they state things in a
lawyerly way so if they get caught later
they can say oh I didn't say that it
wasn't me I just said that it was this
and that and the office they didn't but
I didn't do it
etc so that's curious I mean it would be
amazing if Penn State if I would have if
you didn't have these who's he would
have been among the last guys I would I
guess cuz it's too brazen I mean he's
the guy who would stand to gain if Trump
was removed from office you would be the
president he's the one guy who actually
has a dog in the fight that isn't just
about being a patriot
absolutely absolutely and another thing
to keep in mind is that and this is just
my analysis of it someone who's been
openly feuding with Trump like let's say
Jeff Sessions although he doesn't really
reciprocate like it's usually just Trump
feuding with him it would be too obvious
like if he were to think about
publishing something like this I feel
like there would be too many eyeballs on
him like they don't like each other
they're not getting along but with pence
there hasn't really been much drama with
pence and Trump yeah and so he could
have snuck this in now but does that
mean it's definitely pence of course not
it that's why it's a parlor you don't
no look and by the way there's an
argument for sessions number one also
former colleague of bob Corker
Republican senator okay
and now sessions won't leave the
administration even though Trump keeps
harassing him over and over again maybe
we're overthinking it and it's just the
cup in front of me right
and so maybe sessions is like hey listen
I'm not leaving because me and other
guys have to make sure that this idiot
doesn't run out of control the sessions
does think he's an idiot obviously at
this point because it's personal between
sessions and Trump now so it's entirely
possible those sessions walked in it was
like a Woodward wrote the book this is
the time to strike your times come here
I got this for you yeah by the way one
other thing I wanted to mention about
sessions his denial was also incredibly
short very weak so he didn't release the
statement himself there was a Justice
Department spokesperson who released the
statement so let's go to graphic twelve
a Justice Department spokesman told CNN
that sessions was not the author wow
that's super weak super weak denial now
there might have been another statement
that maybe I had missed but that was the
statement that I saw and you're right
it's it's very weak yeah yeah and look
about sessions even if I didn't write it
I wouldn't give us strong denial look
I'll write whatever the hell I like okay
this guy he says I'm mentally retarded
I'm a dumb southerner I'm not a real man
and I mean on and on what oh like Oh
like I'm supposed to be embarrassed that
I told you the truth about Donald Trump
I'm not at all embarrassed if I'm Jeff
Sessions so so look knowing how porous
Washington is it would be shocking if
the identity was not revealed I don't
know if it'll happen soon but but it
can't last that long you would imagine
certainly not like the old days where
they kept our identity of deep throat
hidden for decade after decade this will
likely come out much sooner but again
don't lose focus on the real issue which
is the emperor has no clothes the it's
not just the person who wrote the op-ed
he says he's working with a lot of
people inside the administration and
that they are all worried that Trump is
not mentally
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
