in an unprecedented move a senior Trump
White House official released an op-ed
anonymously to the New York Times
criticizing Donald Trump and his mental
stability
now there has been backlash against the
New York Times and there's been chaos in
the Trump administration following the
release of this op-ed and the question
is well who wrote this which senior
Trump official made this decision has
these thoughts and is fighting you know
secretly in the background against
Trump's own political agenda well every
single senior official has denied it but
before we get to their denials I do want
to give you a sense of how Trump reacted
to it now of course he reacted on
Twitter but he also reacted in video
form and you're about to see that right
now let's take a look nobody has ever
done in less than a two year period what
we've done so when you tell me about
some anonymous source within the
administration probably who's failing
and probably here for all the wrong
reasons now and the New York Times is
failing if I weren't here I believe the
New York Times probably wouldn't even
exist
they don't like Donald Trump and I don't
like them because they're very dishonest
people remember this also about the New
York Times when I won they were forced
to apologize to their subscribers they
wrote a letter of apology it was the
first time anybody's ever done it
because they covered the election
incorrectly so if the failing New York
Times has an anonymous editorial can you
believe it anonymous meaning gutless a
gutless editorial we're doing a great
job the poll numbers are through the
roof our poll numbers are great and
guess what nobody is going to come close
to beating me in 2020 okay like let's
just first acknowledge the fact that his
poll numbers are abysmal they're at
record lows he's in the 30s he's pulling
in the 30s in terms of his approval
rating he is not doing well but I do
want to give him credit for one part of
that statement that I actually think is
a little accurate he said that the New
York Times was failing and then he was
elected and if it wasn't for him they
wouldn't be around now of course it's
ridiculous to say that the New York
Times wouldn't be around if it weren't
for Trump however I do believe that
their reporting has improved so like
significantly after his election same
for the Washington Post that is the only
accurate thing that came out of that
statement yeah of course he thinks that
their their reporting is more fake but
know what we like about the reporting is
not because it's partisan or against
Donald Trump or that it's biased no we
actually like that they're holding power
to account which we thought they did not
do enough during the Bush years famously
when we were lied into that Iraq war but
also in the Obama years and there was a
lot of deference to Obama because he was
well liked in Washington well-liked by
the establishment and that's not what
the press is supposed to do they're
supposed to be watchdogs and and Trump
is so over-the-top and so outrageous he
kind of forced our hand to do it because
he says nonsense lies you know in every
single statement as he did a couple of
times in that clip I mean his poll
numbers are among the worst that
president has ever had but he creates
this illusion for his base they think
he's really popular because he
keep saying it when in reality nearly
two-thirds of the country can't stand
him and apparently in to those of his
own administration can't stand him now
that's of course the two-thirds non
official poll and within the
administration it is in the country so
there's what an irony here that I want
to point out here so he doesn't deny
that it's true because he says the
individual is gutless and a coward they
have now attacked whoever it is and they
say he should resign
so obviously you believe it is true
otherwise you wouldn't be saying that if
if there was an anonymous I've had to
hear of someone writing outrageous
things etc and we thought none of that
sounds true I don't think this person is
in the building we would say and if it
was a right-wing website I would say oh
they made that up right
we wouldn't be like who is it yeah so so
it's obvious that that the the op-ed is
from a real person that is a senior
administration official now the the real
irony though is hey if it wasn't for the
New York Times you wouldn't know that
there's somebody inside your
administration working against you
doesn't that help you to know that
knowledge to understand that and so I
mean look you could say hey now the
whole country knows and he looks bad but
it's horrible
but on the other hand it's it's true it
exists
if I was the president I'd want to know
well you see what I'm saying
I certainly wouldn't want to be informed
the way that Donald Trump was informed
about it however I think the thing
that's you have to consider the fact
that it was an anonymous op-ed he has no
idea who it is and every single senior
official has come forward and denied it
and so who do you trust right so now
there's nothing but chaos I mean there
was nothing but chaos in the
administration prior to this happening
but it's even worse now there was
already a lack of trust Trump was
already carrying out actions and policy
decisions unilaterally at least as much
as he could without you know the senior
officials circumventing him in any way
but at least he now knows that there is
and by the way we keep talking about it
as if it's one person the iPad writer
was very clear that there is a great
number of people that's why I refer to a
big percentage of his admit
tration who are working to make sure
that he doesn't do something maniacal
and that is a threat to the Republic so
it's if I'm the president that's
incredibly valuable information I would
want to know I get that it doesn't look
good but in a sense I thank the New York
Times for a service of letting me know
something I didn't know oh he would
never think the reality is Genk if you
were in his shoes you also wouldn't
think the New York Times you wouldn't
you would hate it you would hate every
part no I would hate the person who was
doing it and so now that brings us to I
think what is the most important point
look so if and I said this that would
yesterday when the news broke if Donald
Trump was a normal president who was
mentally stable and was main decisions
we just didn't agree with by the way
that's George W Bush I I would say no
you gotta follow his orders and and this
kind of clear and subordination is
unacceptable and you can't have you
can't have it inside the White House and
and I always think what if the shoe was
on the other foot let's say Bernie
Sanders is president and there's a bunch
of guys who are establishment people
left over from Clinton or Obama or
whatever they're like oh whatever man
we're not gonna do what Bernie says that
would drive me absolutely crazy but this
isn't that these are all Republicans who
actually agree with Trump's ideas and
policies they're just saying no the
guy's mentally unstable
that's right so yeah and and even if we
wanted to execute his policies since he
changes his mind non-stop if we if we do
the thing he tells us to do he's gonna
change his mind later and that's not his
actual stated policy to begin with so
let me give you guys an example of
something that Trump wanted to do but
his officials essentially stepped in and
prevented it from happening so Trump
wanted to go into Syria and just
assassinate Bashar al-assad right now no
one's making the argument that Bashar
al-assad is a good guy right but you
don't just go in and execute or
assassinate the leader of a country
without considering the ramifications of
that like what would that mean and also
as we all know because you guys are
smart you guys know what's going on with
you know Foreign Relations and foreign
policy Syria isn't a simple civil war
against rebels and you know the
government there's it's a proxy war Iran
is involved turkey to some extent is
involved Israel to some extent is
involved Russia is involved I mean a
decision like that a flippant decision
to just go in and assassinate someone is
disastrous and so it's important to have
adults in the room who understand that
and don't actually carry something like
that out let me follow that up with look
so if if Trump said no our stated policy
is that we are going to get into the
middle of the Syrian war and we are
going to take out Assad well that's a
stated policy and you got to execute
that that's not optional now I would
disagree with that massively and I'd
fight to make sure that couldn't happen
but that's politics and the people voted
and they voted for Trump if he said look
I'm gonna make a peace with Russia so
I'm not gonna get involved with us at
all that is fine it's not it's not our
call to make he's the president okay and
he got elected so if Bernie Sanders said
I wanted her withdraw I wanted to engage
that that's their call to make but in
this case what the people inside his
administration are saying is he's so
unstable he had and he's like a child so
he hasn't lost through anything so if we
go attack Assad it unleashes all these
things we are not prepared for
if you said attack Assad but make
preparations so what are we going to do
if Russia counter-attacks what if we do
if Turkey go comes into northern Syria
then we go okay good that's a plan let's
go execute that plan and yes sir
absolutely sir but when one day you wake
up and you're mad is something that
happened on Twitter and you go why don't
you just kill Assad mattis apparently at
the time according to Woodward's book
said sir we'll get right on it
okay hung up the phone and told us aid
we're not gonna do any of that right
because you have to be more measured
like it's good that there are adults in
the room and to your point Janke this
isn't a discussion about whether or not
an elected official or the elected
president should be able to do his job
right this is we're not comparing
let's compare two people in the same
political party right it's not like
we're having a conversation about I
don't know George HW Bush and and Trump
they're not the same people right in
terms of mental stability they're not
the same people
so Trump has proven over and over again
that he's erratic that he's impulsive
that he has a lack of intellectual
curiosity pertaining to these very
issues that he needs to make difficult
decisions on okay and guys the the case
proves itself because once mattis did
not assassinate Assad Trump didn't even
notice so apparently it wasn't a real
order he didn't really care it was just
that in that day he was a little bit
more unstable than he is on an average
day so I remember when Obama asked for
options from the military on Afghanistan
and he said give me a withdrawal option
a stay option and an increased troops
option and the military came is a real
store and it was leaked as well by the
failing New York Times no it was at the
time it was the papers that leaked it
that happens in Washington to both
Democrats and Republicans and the
military came back with we stay and we
increased troops they did not present
the option of we withdraw now if I was
the president I'd say I think you
misheard me we're gonna have this
meeting in a week again and if you don't
have the withdrawal option you're gonna
be fired and the guy underneath you is
gonna give me the withdrawal option now
that is a same president who would like
to know what his military options are
and then he's gonna make the decision
right Trump doesn't ask for options
doesn't say hey once we kill Assad what
happens next are we going to occupy
Syria are we gonna have ground forces
he's just a stupid little child who's a
guy so Madison Elise says that's not a
plan I'm not gonna go and try to somehow
and what's our plan for killing Assad
how long is it gonna take how much does
it cost
no this guy is a total moron I'm not
gonna listen to an order that makes no
sense at all if he insists on it he
comes back and then he says hey general
mattis come up with a plan we are going
to occupy here's my orders then I'll
follow it right but as it stands yes the
guy who wrote the op-ed and all the
people who are not following Trump's
asinine stupid irrational unstable
orders are doing a service to the
country they are
and and this is an important
conversation to have because what I've
noticed this is just based on you know
my media consumption what I'm seeing
playing out in the mainstream is people
who would typically be more critical of
Trump now all of a sudden have some
sympathy for him right they feel as
though this is not the right course of
action he's been betrayed in the worst
ways Trump is the individual that was
elected as president of the United
States and he should be able to do his
job the way he sees fit which i think is
an incredibly simplistic argument
considering who Trump is as a person
again this is not about being against a
president because of political
disagreements because I would be against
this if it were a Republican president
who was mentally competent but Trump is
not mentally competent he is a danger to
this Republic and as a result I think
that what this administration official
is saying it makes all the sense in the
world and whoever this person is they
will be revealed at some point and so
we'll see how it plays out he I mean
yeah one more thing
so Richard Nixon's defense secretary at
near the end of Nixon's tenure told
officials if Nixon tells you to launch
nuclear weapons don't do it right come
and check with me and other officials
inside the White House why because Nixon
was in a state of depression and and
heavily drinking okay so when Nixon is
drunk
and deeply depressed and he tells you to
go nuclear country you are not to do it
okay see that is not betraying the
president that's actually standing up
for the country and doing something
rational and and the last thing
especially when it comes to trump if
mattis had actually gone to try to
assassinate Assad and followed that
order of that second and that day and
things went wrong as they most certainly
would have without any plan at all you
know what Trump would have done we're
not winning with our generals a bunch of
idiots go there try to kill Assad I told
him not to do that and he would have
thrown mattis under a bus he would have
lied about it through his teeth and
blamed him for his own stupid idea and
you know it in Madison
knows that and everybody knows it so
we're all playing it's these silly
little games pretending that the emperor
has clothes on when it is super obvious
and I know everybody's getting wrapped
up and who is it who is it and it's a
fun game and we'll play it okay
but having said that don't lose track of
the overwhelming substance of the story
which is the president doesn't have a
stable mind he just doesn't he's not
making rational decisions and it is
deeply deleterious to our republic to
our democracy and to our national
security to easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
