Nike has selected Colin Kaepernick as
the face of the just do it 30th
anniversary another conservative car and
breakdown this time
Graham is back with a video full of
Patriots ploy tation and it's already at
eight point eight million views in less
than 24 hours and a hundred and
forty-one thousand shares people are so
dumb dude he's lying to you I wonder if
there was anybody else that actually
exemplifies true sacrifice other than
Colin Kaepernick true sacrifice Nike
looks a bit more like Pat Tillman who
actually gave up an NFL career to join
the military and then died fighting for
this country
bad example Graham you just saw a
square-jawed Captain America story and
just added that reference in there and
to think you were making an argument
there's an entire book dedicated to how
after enlisting Tillman felt conflicted
about a service considered the Iraq war
to be illegal was in contact with Noam
Chomsky and was killed by a fellow
Ranger which the Pentagon then covered
up so they could use him just like you
are doing right now for propaganda this
is exactly why Tobin's family still asks
you dip to stop using his name if you're
going to performative Li tug at American
heartstrings the least you can do is
honor your fellow American hero or his
family's wishes Graham you hog or you
can debate me on my twitch coward and to
drive this home Graham's entire argument
against Kaepernick is centered around
this faulty premise exactly if you
sacrifice that's right Colin Kaepernick
was a bitch sitting quarterback whose
career was in the tank and he had to say
I wonder what I can do to get noticed
oh I'll kneel for the national anthem is
so ridiculous the claim that Kaepernick
was doing this for fame especially since
people still obviously hate him for it
two years later I mean they're literally
burning Nike apparel over an ad for
Christ's sake also he got booted from
the league and promptly blacklisted and
there's a literal court case over this
issue right now where an NFL owner
admitted to changing his mind on signing
Kaepernick after Trump's comments shut
up you have any idea how much money
Colin Kaepernick has made this he
decided to kneel
Kaepernick gave up on his football
career and the tens of millions that
he'd earned even if he just rode the
bench to become the most hated man in
American sports for highlighting police
violence against minorities all in the
anticipation
of a major payday down the road from an
endorsement dealin and then while also
giving away more than a million dollars
of his own money in the meantime this is
your argument really you think he just
woke up yesterday it was like oh my god
I'm the face of Nikes just do it move it
I had no idea
that's not how anything worth it's not
how this works at all of course it's a
calculated marketing move by Nike a
multinational corporation the Nike
campaign was announced two whole years
later you idiot unless you think
Kaepernick can also predict the future
that's right this isn't about a movement
this isn't about mistreatment of
minorities from the police this is about
money I just love how much projection is
happening here Graham you do shit like
this for money so you assume everyone
else's are the same that's not the point
you're not here to listen to the protest
you're stuck criticizing the way others
choose to protest or you're stuck
deflecting to talk about veterans like
Tillman who if he were alive today would
have knelt alongside Kaepernick way
before you ever let a carpool karaoke
douchebag like you exploit his valor who
care about veterans Graham you just care
about riling Americans up I mean 40
percent of the Armed Forces are racial
and ethnic minorities you know where
else people of color are
over-represented Graham at the receiving
end of police brutality so if you and
all the other dip that follow you
genuinely care about the well-being of
veterans then tell them to donate their
Nikes and advocate for socialized
medicine and get us out of these foreign
wars for profit and bring our troops
home never miss another breakdown video
by ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new also don't forget to join TYT today
download our TYT Plus app on your phone
or head on over to tea y-t-dot-com slash
join
