our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt much of the
attention on Brett Kavanaugh has to do
with his ideology in regard to
reproductive rights the fact that he's
deeply conservative but one of the
things that isn't being talked about
enough in the mainstream press is how
insanely pro-corporate Kavanagh has been
in his previous rulings now just to give
you a quick summary that I thought was
excellent on Democracy Now the president
of public citizens spoke to you know the
the reporters at Democracy Now and
shared his analysis of the past rulings
that Cavanaugh has made and you're gonna
notice a trend you're gonna notice a
pattern here and this is exactly how
he's gonna rule should he get confirmed
as a Supreme Court justice take a look
in the in the employment and worker
rights area
he decided 15 times for employers only
two times for employees both times in
relatively obscure issues so almost
always or the employer same thing for
the environment 11 times for
corporations or against entities suing
to block environmental protection only
twice for the side of clean air and
clean water the same thing for consumer
18 to 4 always almost always for
business
very rarely for consumers or the Public
Interest by the way Robert Weissman will
be on rebel headquarters tonight on The
Young Turks Network so if you want to
get all the Yonkers shows become a
member
T y-t-dot-com slash join and he'll go
into more details about Cavanaugh's
record but even that short clip that you
guys saw there look this is what I've
been saying from day one and it's true
of Neil Gorsuch and it's true
unfortunately certainly of all the
Republican choices but to some degree
Democratic choices as well people like
Obama will come out and brag well well
he is pro-business like alright you know
what that means is they will rule on the
side of corporations which
coincidentally happen to be the donors
of the Democrat
and Republican politicians and they will
rule against you whether it's a worker
safety issue like in Cavanaugh's case in
SeaWorld workers killed he rules for the
corporations in Gorsuch this case I mean
these are extreme because the
Republicans are way more extreme in
Gorsuch this case he was the only judge
in the country every other judge that
looked at that case ruled in the
opposite direction said yes a worker
should stay and freeze to death if his
worker if his employees corporation says
he should mhm and if he doesn't then he
should be fired that's these guys core
section Kavanagh raising their hand
saying I will let corporations do
anything they want to you and the
corporation's tell the politicians
that's our boy now I'm giving you money
you make sure you pick him so during
these Senate confirmation hearings there
were a lot of interesting things
revealed about Kavanagh which is why you
know even though it's it's frustrating
to know what the outcome of these
hearings will be it's still good to be
educated on what Kavanagh has done in
the past so one of the things that was
brought up that I thought was so
deplorable and he was the dissenting
judge okay the majority of judges in
this case ruled in favor of the
employees but Cavanaugh was the one
judge in this three-judge panel who
voted in favor of the employer the story
had to do with I believe it was a
factory farm that employed undocumented
immigrants treated them very poorly they
were underpaid I mean all sorts of
workers rights labor rights being
violated the owner of that that business
actually ended up going to prison and
Cavanaugh went out of his way to change
or argue that the definition of employee
is not the definition that these workers
fall under and that was one of the main
points that he made in his reasoning to
rule against the employer employees in
this case like it just gives you a sense
of how incredibly pro-business pro
corporate he really is even to the
detriment of the average citizen or in
this case non citizen yeah either way he
doesn't care the whole point of Kavanagh
is to make sure corporations win on
everything you think it's
accident that they keep picking the most
pro corporate judges in the country to
go on the Supreme Court it's not an
accident it's the guy that Cavanaugh
worked for was Justice Kennedy Justice
Kennedy wrote citizens united saying
you're allowed to legally bribe all the
politicians in the country we're gonna
call it speech we're gonna let you just
bribe them over and over and over again
and those bribe politicians long behold
pick Supreme Court justices who think
that that bribery is not illegal that
bribery is just a corporation which is a
human being talking to another human
being
and that there's no favors exchanged at
all that the corporations are giving
them millions sometimes billions of
dollars overall to these politicians for
their health not because they are
looking for a return on investment this
is the insanity that Washington has
agreed to Kavanagh is just the worst
form of that disease and and because he
is so pro corporate so pro corruption
that is why he has been elevated and
promoted to this position if you want to
get money out of politics wolf dash
pack.com join a movement that's actually
going to change the amendment so we're
not reliant on people like Cavanaugh and
Gorsuch and all these justices who
constantly rule against us and rule to
crush the average American worker and
rule on behalf of our overlords an
amendment is the only the above a
Supreme Court let's go get one to get
money out of politics wolf dash pack.com
until then we will suffer from the
Cavanaugh's of the world and and by the
way when you get money out of politics
then you will actually have uncorrupted
politicians who might pick uncorrupted
Supreme Court justices will actually
work on our favor instead of the
corporate worlds too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
