our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt Bernie Sanders
continues to call out corporations that
refuse to pay their employees a living
wage and as a result of that a number of
people who do have jobs have to resort
to government programs and the social
safety net to make ends meet to provide
food for their families to take care of
themselves and so Bernie Sanders is
frustrated that the US taxpayer has to
subsidize these multimillion-dollar
multi-billion dollar corporations so he
has a proposal and here's what he wants
to do according to Huffington Post
senator Sanders introduced legislation
that would tax companies like Walmart
and Amazon for every dollar their
workers receive in government food or
health care benefits love it can't get
enough oh good so let me give you a
statement from senator Sanders and then
I'm gonna give you some studies and some
numbers that show you just how much we
subsidize these incredibly profitable
corporations so senator Sanders says a
company like Amazon which is owned by
Jeff Bezos the wealthiest person in the
world who is worth about 150 billion
dollars whose wealth is increasing by
225 million every single day the
American people should not have to
subsidize mr. Bezos he should pay his
workers a living wage
okay that's just--that's we got a pause
on that because I couldn't there be any
Americans that are opposed to what he
just said I mean first of all it's a
stunning number 225 million dollars
every single day that's what his fortune
grows by he
Bernie Sanders mentioned a similar
number about last year about Bezos in
the middle of a town hall we were
covering live on on T YT calm and I
thought no that can't be true and we
looked it up and it's true it's unreal
okay but that's fine let it make his
money that's okay it's a free country so
I'm not in that camp there might be some
liberals that are in the camp oh that's
too
money whatever okay I'm not in that Kim
but why are we subset subsidizing his
workers that's insanity why is the
government that's us the taxpayers
paying for the food stamps of Amazon
workers paying for all these different
government programs they need because
they get paid solo by Bezos who has a
hundred and fifty billion dollars who's
the richest man alive
that's not capitalism that's crony
capitalism that's him robbing us on that
I and I'm the guy who does this doesn't
have a particularly with Amazon I don't
know people how wealthy is I just don't
know why I have to subsidize him yeah
look oftentimes you know right-wing
lawmakers will slander people like us on
on the Left progressives as as people
who are jealous oh we're just jealous of
that wealth were jealous of you know
their success no no again I'm just like
you in that I don't care about how
wealthy he is but what I do care about
is ensuring that the people who have
lent to his success and those are the
workers are earning enough money to take
care of themselves and their families
I'm not asking for him to be poor I'm
not asking for the government to come in
and take half of his wealth I'm asking
for a system that's fair and just for
again the people who helped him earn
that level of success and this is
corporate welfare and by the way another
byproduct of this that Bernie Sanders
talks about and by the way ROH Khanna is
the sponsor of this in the house
first-ever justice Democrat I love to
see them working together I think that's
wonderful real progressives and we
finally have some and house in the
Senate we're gonna about that more and
next year because of the all the just
Democratic victories but in this case
look they're saying the amazons of the
world they also crush your local
retailers not just the mom-and-pop
stores who have been devastated
throughout the country but any store
that's in that in your area has to pay
the normal wages and and so when Amazon
grows hey I'm gonna or Walmart says hey
I'm gonna have my
whose work only 29 hours because 30
hours is the cutoff for benefits well
then they're not gonna get any benefits
because it's a clever corporate trick of
mine to make the taxpayers pay their
benefits instead of me well if you're a
decent person and you're running a
business in Arkansas Alabama Connecticut
well you are at a competitive
disadvantage because they rigged the
system against you that isn't capitalism
that's rigging it and so if you're a
conservative you should hate what
they're doing and you support Bernie
Sanders and progressives same for
progressive same for moderates this is
an America this isn't capitalism so
right for them to fight back we know
what's amazing is it has no chance of
passage like it's if you pull this bill
my guess is an over 90% of Americans
would agree with it right especially if
you explained it to them they'd be like
why why would I give Bezos money why
would I give the Walton family owns
Walmart the six of the heirs they didn't
even start Walmart they just the kids
the guy who started Walmart have more
money than 50% of the country why are we
subsidizing them why are we taking US
taxpayers and paying their workers
benefits when they should be paying
their workers benefits this would be the
most popular bill in the country and of
course because our I was about to call
it corporations our Congress is so
corrupt they're like we don't give a
damn what the American people want we're
gonna serve our donors and this that's
these guys that's right and one other
point that I want to make two bunches
off the point that you made about Amazon
shutting down all of these other smaller
stores look what does that also mean it
means that workers don't have as many
options so this libertarian argument
that you see over and over again about
like yeah man like if you don't like the
way you're being treated by this
employer that you could just go ahead
and go work somewhere else no you can't
if Amazon is this massive retailer that
consistently you know shuts down all of
these other businesses because to be
fair they can't compete you know
then where's the average worker gonna go
where are they gonna go get a better job
if they don't like you know the low
wages they're getting paid at Amazon if
Bernie Sanders is gonna run for
president he this should be front and
center this is about economic dignity of
the America war
etc so now the bad guys on the other
side in this case happens to be the US
Chamber of Commerce
now if the Chamber of Commerce just
protected business I'd understand but
what they're trying to do is set up
unfair rules so that these corporations
multinational corporations can rob us so
you know what they did for these
assistance programs they're
interestingly enough they're not against
them getting these benefits from the
American taxpayers what happened I
thought you wanted smaller government no
that's the deregulate corporations but
when it comes to paying your workers you
want the government to do it but they
say there should be a strict work
requirement you know what that means
back to the mines
so the Chamber of Commerce is one of the
biggest donors to politicians they give
them money and then they say here's what
we want we don't want you to cut off
welfare we want you to keep welfare but
tell them they must work for us to get
that welfare that way they're forced to
work for us we pay them low wages and
the taxpayer makes up the difference
right it is the essence of corruption
exactly and look Bernie Sanders is not
basing this off of his feelings he's
basing it off of numbers and I just want
to quickly go over those numbers with
you so you can get a sense of where his
heart is when it comes to this type of
proposal so he seized on an April report
by the intercept and a think tank called
new food economy that found that large
numbers of Amazon workers get SNAP
benefits in several states including one
third of its employees in Arizona also
there's a 2015 report by the University
of California Berkeley labor center
finding that low wages cost the
government more than 150 billion dollars
annually in public benefits again these
are people who are working but because
wages are so low they are not earning
enough to provide for themselves or
their families also using information
from Amazon's own disclosure in to
investors Sanders pointed out that the
median annual pay for an Amazon employee
is only twenty eight thousand four
hundred forty six dollars nine percent
below the industry average for a
material moving worker now Amazon has
responded to that and said no no no that
number includes our part-time employees
if you look at our full-time employee
their salary is actually higher and they
noted that it's about $34,000 a year
yeah but that's a trick that they make
them part-time so they don't have to pay
them benefits yes that's why the
twenty-eight thousand number is the real
number last thing guys you can make a
difference so brave new films led by
Robert Greenwald over a decade ago did a
movie called Walmart the high cost of
low price and he talked about this
phenomenon how Walmart unloads their
costs onto the American taxpayers at the
time it seemed to have no effect but you
know what it did it planted a seed and
that seed it took a long time to grow
but it grew and it grew and and there
was a proposal a little bit later on and
then there was another proposal in 2013
now there's this proposal and the guy
who proposed it might be the next
president of the United States of
America so their campaign of brave new
films used to be at the end of all their
videos it's Apes do something that's
exactly right go plant a seed fight back
in however way that you can so I love
the way Bernie Sanders and Rokon are
doing it you go out there too and you
never know when that is going to blossom
into something that actually helps the
American people I believe we can
actually get this passed if we have a
progressive president and it would help
not just progresses but moderates and
conservatives too to get our tax payer
money back and to end this corporate
welfare to easy ways for the Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
