following news of Bob Woodward's new
book fear Donald Trump has decided that
mmm
since all these books are coming out
that make me look really bad maybe I
should change laws to kind of censor
people from saying negative things about
me I'm not kidding
so Trump decided to tweet about how
there is a need to change our libel laws
indicating that he believes Bob Woodward
has made things up in his book let me
give you his tweet he says isn't it a
shame that someone can write an article
or book totally make up stories and form
a picture of a person that is literally
the exact opposite of the fact and get
away with it without retribution or cost
you know what I do think it's a shame
Trump who does this on a regular basis
don't know why Washington politicians
don't change libel laws now this isn't
the first time that Trump has called for
a change in libel laws in fact he did so
back in January after Michael Woolf had
released his book fire in fury in fact
we have video of what Trump had to say
let's take a look we are going to take a
strong look at our country's libel laws
so that when somebody says something
that is false and defamatory about
someone that person will have meaningful
recourse in our courts our current libel
laws are a sham and a disgrace and do
not represent American values or
American fairness so we're going to take
a strong look at that we want fairness
you can't say things that are false
knowingly false and be able to smile as
money pours into your bank account
we're going to take a very very strong
look at that so I enjoyed Rex Lewis and
a former Secretary of State who was out
of the administration there looking
super uncomfortable thinking all right
when will this moron stop one of the
reasons he left was because in that same
book they explained and other stories
that Rex Tillerson walked out of a
meeting which is also in Bob Woodward's
new bar
and said he's an effing moron and and
apparently according to the senior
administration official I wrote an op-ed
in the New York Times today everybody in
the administration knows it so and this
is an excellent example of it the guy
talked about how that Donald Trump was
basically a danger to the health of our
republic right well look at this tweet
don't know why Washington politicians
don't change libel laws I know it's
called the First Amendment because
politicians can't shut people up from
criticizing them because it is the very
very core of our Constitution and what
it means to be an American but he
doesn't understand that and doesn't care
about that he thinks and as he once
famously said about North Korea he said
Oh Kim Jong Un's a good guy and he's
very strong when he tells people to
stand up they stand up in North Korea
why can't we do that here I wish it was
like that here
that's because North Korea is a
dictatorship by the way a communist
dictatorship and we don't live in a
dictatorship we live in a democracy
where we're free to disagree with you
and say so publicly but he hates that
so he's like why don't the politicians
just get together and institute
corruption where we just shut everybody
up and don't let them speak against the
powerful why don't we just do that where
he's and the earlier sentence he says
that what I think people can say these
things about US politicians and get away
with it without retribution yeah this
guy doesn't care about America he
doesn't even understand America no he
doesn't and also there are laws
protecting individuals from libel right
from slander defamation and so if Trump
genuinely believed that these
accusations were made up he could take
Woodward to court right but he would
have to prove malice meaning reckless
disregard for truth bad intent but we
know that there wasn't a reckless
disregard for truth we know that Trump
wouldn't take him to court because he
has absolutely no merit to do that and
by the way our libel laws first of all
vary state by state that's something
that Trump should know but yeah we've
had libel laws since you know the mid
19th I'm sorry since the mid
1700s and so the defense for libel suits
or defamation suits is the truth right
and nothing made that clearer than the
very first case in US history that I
wanted to just quickly talk about
because I find this stuff super
interesting new york city publisher John
Peter Zenger was imprisoned for eight
months back in 1734 okay for printing
attacks on the governor of the colony
Zanger won his case and was acquitted by
jury in 1735 under the counsel of Andrew
Hamilton the case established some
precedent that the truth should be an
absolute defense against libel charges
so he proved no I'm telling the truth
about this person in a position of power
truth is a defense and that's a sad day
for Donald Trump because he's totally
unaccustomed to it of course the people
in Woodward's books are telling the
truth
and Donald Trump isn't he's a
pathological liar or is his own personal
attorney said according to Bob Woodward
he's an effing liar and a goddamn
dumbbell yeah by the way a few other
things that I want to point to Trump of
course loves to tweet but a lot of his
tweets don't age well and of course
during the Obama administration Trump
had very strong feelings about Bob
Woodward himself so here's what he had
tweeted back in the day this is a tweet
from February 23rd 2013 Trump had
written in regard to Bob Woodward
must-read column by Bob Woodward
explaining how Obama pushed for
sequestration and promised no tax
increase Oh seems like you thought he
was really credible back then another
tweet of course only the Obama White
House can get away with attacking Bob
Woodward oops yeah okay
and that ironically proves the case in
Bob Woodward's book and the new New York
Times op-ed from a senior administration
officials saying Donald Trump changes
his positions so frequently no one knows
what his real positions are and because
what part of what it matters and what it
relies on is what does Donald Trump
think is to his advantage at that
particular moment because he has no
principles
he's like Woodward attacks Obama me like
Woodward World Order really credible and
good Woodward attacks me boo me no like
Woodward Woodward bad ice to libel I sue
Woodward he libel he was by the way he
was complimentary toward Bob Woodward
just recently right prior to all these
publications printing the content of the
book so Woodward is kind of like
Manigault Newman Omarosa in that he has
receipts he has recording so here is a
portion of a recording that he had of
Donald Trump conversing with him about
the book
take a listen it's really too bad
because nobody told me about it and I
would have loved to have spoken to you
you know I'm very open to you I think
you've always been fair but we'll see
what happens oops me like Woodward me no
like Woodward what did Woodward saying
this is a clown in office but you know
all that aside the most important thing
here guys is he just we got a president
who doesn't believe in the First
Amendment of course will allow to
criticize politicians of course we're
allowed to talk to reporters about
politicians there's literally nothing
more American than that two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
