journalist Bob Woodward is coming out
with a new book and of course it has to
do with Donald Trump but some of the
claims made in the book are pretty
explosive and do confirm / reinforce
some of these suspicions that people
like us have had on this show so what is
going on in Trump's White House well
there's a lot of backstabbing there's a
lot of conflict there's a lot of smack
talking and so we'll give you a sense of
what that smack-talking consists of so
Woodward depicts Trump's anger and
paranoia about the Russia inquiry as
unrelenting at times paralyzing the west
wing for entire days learning of the
appointment of Robert Muller and May of
2017 Trump said everybody's trying to
get me which is unsurprising I mean
that's something that Trump says both
privately and publicly but now let's get
to the good stuff the stuff that's been
happening privately that we probably
suspected Trump would say so can I just
say there's gonna be a lot of toll G's
in this segment yeah I told you that
even the people around him think he's a
moron I told you he's deeply unstable
and the Republicans know it so now we
get a load of what they think privately
so for dramatic effect I will not be
censoring the next quote even though it
is highly controversial and also
offensive so according to the book
mocking Jeff Sessions accent Trump added
quote this guy is mentally retarded he's
this dumb southerner he couldn't even be
a one-person country lawyer down in
Alabama
that's unbelievable Trump you see what
makes Trump so much dumber than george w
bush which is a sentence that i never
thought it could be said of anybody is
that at least bush knows that he's not
that bright so he leans on his advisors
and he tries to cover up for it every
once in a while during the bush
presidency which we covered on the young
turks because we're ancient he would
learn a new word and he'd be so proud
and he knows that it's a big deal for
him to know fancy words Trump
unlike Bush has no idea how stupid he is
right and that's a giant difference so
he looks at Jeff sessions ago yes that
guy's mentally not I'm so much smarter
than him sessions is
barely smarter than anyone else in the
country I mean I is at best average IQ
but he's a million times smarter than
Donald Trump
yeah but Trump likes all self-awareness
so Trump bases his views on sessions
intelligence on whether or not sessions
is going to help Trump he's angry that
sessions recused himself it has nothing
to do with whether or not sessions is
really smart and I agree with you
there's nothing great about him when it
comes to his intelligence level or IQ
but you're right sessions is a lot
smarter than Trump Trump just hates him
because he refused to you know help him
out with this Russia investigation so
one more quick thing about that is
stereotypes everything in Trump's minus
stereotypes were Tory cos they were too
lazy to help themselves during the
hurricane black people are low IQ he
says all the time said Don Lemon was low
IQ LeBron James was low IQ Maxine Waters
was low IQ almost every single black
person he says low IQ in this case dumb
southerner okay but can we just
how many southerners voted for him hey
he'll make fun of you if you have a
southern accent and B if you're a
southerner he just doesn't think highly
of you so if you're one of trumps
supporters if you voted for him just
understand that he does not think highly
of you I mean how much more evidence do
you need he brags in his campaign his
campaign rallies oh you know I've got
more houses than that elite I have more
money and more cars in them I'm the
elite and I don't want poor people in my
cabinet he hates his own voters it's not
that he just hates black people Latino
people are Muslim people maybe some of
his voters would be very happy with that
but he also hates you okay so let's move
on to foreign policy issues because this
is actually very important right so
Trump has shown that he's pretty
ignorant when it comes to national
security issues foreign policy and
nothing made it clearer than this part
of Woodward's book where Trump and Matt
is kind of go at it when it comes to the
right way to handle Korea South Korea
and North Korea so at a National
Security Council meeting on January 19th
Trump disregarded the significance of
the massive US military presence on the
Korean Peninsula including the special
intelligence operation that allows the
United States to detect a North Korean
missile launch in seven seconds
Trump questioned why the government was
spending resources in the region at all
okay so Matt is responded by saying
quote we're doing this in order to
prevent World War three so in another
instance mattis gets off the phone with
Trump at that instance Trump's like just
get rid of a side just go ahead kill
them kill all the bad guys and it's like
okay thank you mr. president gets off
does a staffer ignore all those orders
we're not gonna do that because that
would create chaos we'd get into a in
intractable war with Russia let alone
Iran in Syria so luckily there's some
people who just know that he's so stupid
you could just ignore him he won't even
notice anyway no but that's true that
was the thing that really stood out to
me now Trump will have these strong
statements and he wants to take strong
actions that are unconventional but
what's really going on and by the way
this is what Omarosa claimed in her book
that Trump isn't really the person
calling the shots because all his aides
and all of his cabinet members are the
ones who are mitigating the damage that
he could really cause and Madison's an
example of that matt has specifically
said no no we're not gonna do what Trump
just said we're gonna be much more
measured in our approach and I'm
grateful that there's someone in there
that is measured when it comes to the
foreign policy actions that Trump wants
to take by the way Jim mattis was
particularly exasperated and alarmed
telling close associates that the
president acted like and had the
understanding of quote a fifth or sixth
grader that's what we tell you on the
show all the time he just lacks the
mental capacity to make important and
serious decisions and everyone around
him knows that by the way he likes the
mental capacity to understand that
they're ignoring his orders so if you're
a trump supporter and you're worried
about the deep state it turns out the
deep state is in the building and and
it's not that they're deep stating so
that they the Trump won't win Trump did
win right if they were trying to prevent
Trump from winning where they're pretty
incompetent no what they're trying to do
is make sure he doesn't get us into some
mess we can't get out of and they know
at least he's dumb enough that he won't
notice when
Garret cone takes papers off his desk
which is a story we'll get to in a
second when mattes ignores his orders if
you're a smart person wouldn't you say
hey didn't I tell you to take out Assad
why didn't you take out a son what
actions have you done to take out Assad
what's your plan a what's your plan B
you would ask logical questions like
this but they know just ignore the child
because the child will forget and he'll
go on another Twitter tantrum on
something else and they're right he's so
stupid he doesn't realize they're not
even follow his orders maddis was also
quoted as saying secretaries of defense
don't always get to choose the president
they work for so it's clear that there's
some conflict there but again mattis is
attempting to mitigate some of the
damage permanent damage that trump could
cause all right sorry one more thing on
that South Korea example of or with
mattis that Ana gave first that's the
meeting that Rex Tillerson walked out of
and said this guy's an effing moron
right they all think that I told you
they all think that and that one Trump
found out about earlier and got mad at
Tillerson and he's not there anymore cuz
the child had a temper tantrum yeah if
you keep it quiet then he never knows
I've just given you guys appetizers okay
you've just had a few hors d'oeuvres
there's more there's more so let's move
on to chief of staff John Kelly in one
small group meeting Kelly said of Trump
quote he's an idiot it's pointless to
try to convince him of anything he's
gone off the rails we're in crazy town I
don't even know why any of us are here
this is the worst job I've ever had so
now of course all these guys have to
come out including his lawyer we'll get
to his comments in a second too and say
well no we didn't we didn't say that
no and sometimes they'll be forceful
Kelly says no that's total BS but he
said earlier the idea that I would say
that is wrong he didn't say that the
quote was wrong okay so I'm telling you
right now there's no way those quotes
are wrong Woodward look he's a little
bit too established for my taste but he
doesn't like to take chances because if
he's ever wrong you know he has this
huge career etc he gets everything on
tape he has some people on deep
background he has some people on the
record etc so those quotes are correct
of course Jon Keller
thinks that he works with him he's
seeing the guy be an idiot one day after
another day after day after day it is
the worst job he's ever had by the way
that quote has been around before when
but not the earlier part about what an
idiot Trump is that of course he has
them tonight if he doesn't know Trump's
gonna fire him on the spot yeah okay so
let's move on to HR McMaster what did
Trump have to say about him so Trump
often mocked this former national
security adviser HR McMaster behind his
back and once said McMaster dresses in
cheap suits quote like a beer salesman I
didn't know that beer salesman existed I
guess and I didn't know they wore cheap
suits like is that a thing is that
something I'm unaware of maybe it's
something that a experience in Queens
I'm sure yes that there are wholesalers
or beer go to bars it's not like a guy
around the corner going hey anybody want
a Budweiser Budweiser Budweiser I may be
sorry about the ball game but I don't
know level of suits they wear nor do
they dude do I care so uh there were
some words for Wilbur Ross as well Trump
told Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross a
wealthy investor eight years his senior
I don't trust you I don't want you doing
any more negotiations you're past your
prime Oh Trump tell us somebody they're
past their prime this is the weird world
that we live in because I hate all these
people I hate all of them they're all
terrible people right I'm not on any of
their side but Trump is so special in
how deplorable he is that he puts you in
this weird position where you're
defending people that you otherwise
wouldn't defend so Wilbur Ross the
perfect example that Wilbur Ross a
terrible guy who's has been accused of
stealing a hundred and twenty million
dollars from not only his customers back
when he worked on Wall Street his
clients but also his colleagues they say
he would just not pay them he would take
their check and put it in his pocket
he's an incredibly bad guy but is he
smarter than Donald Trump of course of
course he is for Trump to say that he
doesn't trust Wilbur Ross's judgment and
negotiating it this is the guy yeah
because you know Trump
a real whippersnapper you know an
irreverent person in the White House
there's an excellent chance he's in the
middle of losing whatever little mind he
had we head to 25th amendment we should
be considered and you think Wilbur Ross
is losing it please Gary Cohn is Trump's
economic adviser and it always appeared
that they had a pretty decent
relationship especially because Trump
has given people like Cohn exactly what
they want massive tax cuts deregulation
but it turns out that Gary Cohen has
actually gone to great lengths to
mitigate some of the damage that Trump
could have done so I'll give you some
examples economic advisor Gary Cohn
stole a letter off Trump's desk that the
president was intending to sign to
formally withdraw the United States from
a trade agreement with South Korea Cohn
later told an associate that he removed
the letter to protect national security
and that Trump did not notice that it
was missing like how how is that
possible I believe it I believe it but
as the president of the United States if
you have this strong declaration that
you're going to stop trade with South
Korea how do you just forget about it
because someone happened to take
paperwork off of your desk yeah and so
if you thought he was a strong executive
and great at management a great manager
might notice that the thing he ordered
is not on his desk and never came to his
desk he might have a checklist of things
he wanted to do right
instead they know his habits they know
that they could steal stuff off his desk
he'll never notice because he is ADHD
he's losing his mind he barely had a
mind to begin with so what did I say who
what
so Cohn is a smart guy again a
deplorable guy in other ways but smart
enough to know I'm not gonna let this
fool get us into a conflict we can't get
out of right I'm just gonna steal it and
of course the moron will never notice
and he was a hundred percent right final
part of this is Reince Priebus so Reince
Priebus was the former chief of staff
and he had some words for not just trump
but people that he had to work with in
the White House so former chief of staff
Reince Priebus according to Woodward's
book
what it is describing Trump officials
not as rivals but as natural predators
and here's a direct quote when you put a
snake and a rat and a falcon and a
rabbit and a shark and a seal in a zoo
without walls things start getting nasty
and bloody so that is what the executive
branch is currently like based on that
quote by Reince Priebus no I'm not done
okay I have like so many more final
things okay
so him calling you someone chief of
staff a rat guys crazy
alright so number one just to finish up
our cone britt hume went on fox news and
said well it's a good thing that people
are stealing papers off of trumps desk
yeah see never Trump errs you were wrong
you said that people shouldn't work good
people shouldn't work in Trump's
administration here's Gary Cohen he's a
good guy and he's helping us by making
sure that Trump doesn't do anything
stupid that's your defense of Trump Wow
and they know even the Fox News guys
know they know he's a total idiot and if
he didn't have adults around him he
would get us into endless wars and etc
so even Fox News admits it Gary Cohen
also wanted to resign on after
Charlottesville because Donald Trump
said there are very good people on both
sides they're referring to them not the
neo-nazis as good and so remember they
were chanting the Jews will not replace
as Gary Cohen is Jewish he's like you
can't say there's good people on both
sides and and so he went in to resign
and he and Trump said you're committing
an act of treason and wouldn't take his
resignation
John Kelly said I would have taken that
resignation rolled it up and shoved it
up his behind six times but John Kelly's
not telling the truth there cuz here's
all the opportunity in the world to
resign and John Kelly's never received
but Gary Cohn got talked out of it
didn't resign but get a load of this
detail I had to read three different
articles to make sure because it seems
so unbelievable even for how little
respect I have for Donald Trump
turns out he thought the biggest mistake
he made was backpedaling from that
statement that there are good people on
both sides not the statement that was he
didn't think that was a mistake
he thought taking it back was a mistake
and he had to come out based on his
advisors and say looked racists are bad
the KKK is bad gave a very generic quote
about hey don't be racist
he thinks that was literally his biggest
mistake in office yeah he said that was
my biggest effing mistake that was his
quote according to the book and that
doesn't surprise me and that doesn't
surprise me which is why that part
didn't stand out to me the most because
remember trial Trump really cares about
is maintaining that base and that base
consists of evangelicals and it consists
of horrible neo-nazis white supremacist
white nationalists and so if you're
gonna come out and make a statement
against them then you are you know
sacrificing possibly sacrificing your
chance at getting reelected not a lot of
people are on Trump's side but when it
comes to his base he wants to do
whatever is necessary to maintain that i
but saying that he's that calling out
racist was he said another quote was the
worst speech of my presidency
I mean for those of you who think he's
not racist
he thinks saying that racism was bad was
the worst mistake he ever did it doesn't
surprise me okay yeah so two more the
last one is about people supporting him
what he said about Rudy Giuliani oh my
god okay so hold one more about his
lawyer John Dowd was his personal lawyer
he quit this is another toldja moment I
told you it was stupid I told you
everybody around him knew he was stupid
wildly erratic all that stuff and I went
John dad left I said look the lawyer
doesn't leave the most important case of
his life representing the President of
the United States on a fascinating
interesting career-making case unless
there's something monumentally wrong
with his client right but everybody had
TVs like oh no no no he says he just
left to go vacation or something and
everything's fine and don't that's don't
pay attention to that it turns out of
course he left because he thought quote
that his client was an effing liar and
he they they went through this exercise
he said alright let's pretend that
you're testifying in front of Mahler
so Trump says all these things at the
end they're like sorry you were that was
terrible
Trump said what what do you mean I
thought I did a great job they're like
no implicating yourself over and over
again yeah and and doubt Olsen if you go
to talk to Muller and you say any of
these things you'll wind up in an orange
jumpsuit yeah eula perjure yourself yeah
and you're going to go to prison
you're not going furthermore under any
circumstance but it gets crazier
doubt--and and Sekulow a really deeply
loyal order to the president still with
the president when in front of Muller
and said you cannot question this guy if
you do it'll basically ruin us on the
international stage they told Muller our
client is an idiot he will definitely
implicate himself we're never going to
give you our client and if you do it it
you all of our allies will lose faith in
that America they will realize that they
don't have a real partner to work with
because the president is a moron too
late and so eventually doubt said look
man I can't if you Trump can't be
convinced he thinks I'm a genius
thousand idiot Sekulow than any of
Muller's an idiot
again he doesn't know how stupid he is
so he's like oh I'll go to talk to
Muller and I'll convince him and his
lawyers like no you're a pathological
liar oh do that
so finally dad was like I'm throwing in
the towel I gotta go no no way I'm
representing this guy okay again dad has
to come out today cuz he's a lawyer if
he looks like he's saying that publicly
it's terrible because you can't say that
about your client so he's like I didn't
maybe say those exact words I told you
finally the Rudy 12 so Rudy Guiliani now
his lawyer but back then his top
supporter he was the only guy going on
TV and defending him through all the
different things that he went through
right and and during the campaign Rudy
Giuliani was the only guy who stepped up
to defend him specifically on the access
hollywood tapes nobody else wanted any
part of that they're all throwing him
under a bus Rudi takes one for the team
goes out there
how does Trump react to that he thought
that Rudy didn't do a great job of
defending him on TV and here's what he
apparently told
Giuliani Rudy you're a baby I've never
seen a worse defense of me in my life
they took your diaper off right there
you're like a little baby that needed to
be changed when are you gonna be a man
Oh
oh my god
to me out of all yeah no no I know of
all the devastating things about Trump
and all the other people he attacked and
the people what they think about him
behind the scenes to me this book is
more devastating on that quote alone to
Rudy Giuliani than it is to Trump that
man said that to your face and then you
went to work for him he said they took
your diaper off on television while you
were trying to stand up for him and you
have no self-respect and then you bowed
your head and you went to work for him
representing him as you as his lawyer
you're one of the most pathetic people
in the whole country
but maybe the joke is on Trump and maybe
the joke's on us because Rudy Giuliani
has done a horrible job in defending
Trump like he goes on television and
incriminates his own client on a regular
basis so maybe maybe Giuliani
I don't know conspiracy theory here
maybe Giuliani isn't actually a horrible
lawyer and has taken you this
opportunity to sabotage Donald Trump
he's like oh who's the baby now that was
true I would swing 180 and go Giuliani
is a genius okay but very very little
chance that that's true he's been an
alum Trump is all life so he's just as
dumb as Trump and perhaps even dumber
and has less self respect two easy ways
for Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
