a member sent in a comment I didn't get
a chance to read because we're running
out of time and then they got erased
from my iPad so sorry I don't remember
your handle by the way we're now moving
the member quotes comments up during the
regular show to give extra benefits to
membership but about the Nike the
right-wingers burning their Nikes he
said one of the videos he watched a guy
started burning his Nikes while they
were still on his feet he said well at
least that's natural selection for you
kids that love remember when they were
they were breaking their Keurigs
yeah oh my that's so ridiculous so my
two favorite tweets in reference to this
was one was Jordan all tweeted a video
of himself
drones striking his Nikes and many
right-wingers thought he'd actually done
it and were concerned that he did
endangered people in his neighborhood
and she doesn't control drones and he
can't strike anything and then the other
one was someone tweeted that Colin
Kaepernick has now become the official
spokesman for break lines because people
are cutting the Nike thing out of the
socks
that's awesome dark it's dark I admit it
we can we can go back to that time later
because I just think that's it's game
changer what Nike did was a game changer
Oh what do you think why they did that
I thought they why you think that I
think is think you're gonna lose what's
gonna make money right course
no but that's why I think it's so
important to me because Nikes
accountants have determined that we have
won and the right wing has lost oh is
that what that is yes
okay monumental and one Nike which
controls the real money says Kaepernick
is our guy NFL will buckle okay they
will buckle to that quicker than they'll
bucket look Trump and so he's gonna be
back in the NFL okay I didn't say that
on the on the show we were so rushed and
stuff but he's gonna be back in the NFL
night corporations control everything in
this country okay if we're usually for
worse in this case for slightly better
what they decided was there was more
young black guys Latinos and women of
course and progressive whites and that
Millennials are as we know 80%
progressive who do they sell shusui they
don't sell shoes to 87 year old
right-wingers watching Fox News
Nike sells shoes to young people there
80% progressive and and they made that
calculation and they're like it's not
close we're supporting cabinet
conscience it's a corporation it's a
corporation what I let in this case we
wind so that's good I looked at the
breakdown of support for the the NFL
protests and like the headline is that
most American adults are against it
which is shocking that they don't
support African American social
movements but if you break it down by
age category as you go down to younger
and younger ages by the time you hit
teens it's like fifteen percent oppose
the protests it's like overwhelming
support and all the people are actually
buying this support these protests it's
over that's why Fox News just so because
they the handwriting is on the wall
those demographic changes are real
that's what they rage against every day
cuz they're white national yes and and
that's they literally complain about
demographic changes and that is their
beloved corporate America saying sorry
here's your pink slip you're done
Kaepernick wins Tucker Carlson loses I
didn't realize that it was that I didn't
really I didn't think I knew that like
he had make a calculation that they
would make money off it but I didn't
realize that it would actually mean that
we want and that they lost because
Buffalo Bills tweeted out today that
their new starter is Nathan Peterman is
their new starter Nathan Peterman is
their new starter Nathan Peterman so as
another guy tweeted out I'm not a lawyer
but can't colin kaepernick just walk
into court and show the tweet of them
say
that he's their new quarterback and when
his case because that guy's horrible
yeah so a couple of things one
Kaepernick last week got the right
continue into trial the NFL tried to
dismiss it all like he's got no evidence
and judge is like no no he's got plenty
got plenty we're going we're going to
trial he could win a monstrous amount of
money because they're clearly obviously
colluded it's in front of all of us they
did every nits he is one of the better
quarterbacks there's they each team goes
at least three deep on quarterbacks it's
impossible to make the case that he's
not one of the top ninety-six court bass
besides which they keep saying on TV
well I don't know trumps and pressuring
us and yadda-yadda
they're giving worlds of evidence is so
obvious and to the point that Jimmy's
making it's not just the peeterman has a
funny name he they put him in for half a
game yes last year you know how many
threw interception see through can I
guess yeah three he's through three and
a half wrong well he threw five
intercepts in one half he's now the
starter for the bills that's not animal
and there's two other quarterbacks
behind him on the Buffalo Bills yes but
Kaepernick can't even make a roster no
no he's going back to that NFL now that
the money because what does an AFOL need
the NFL needs money okay they have a
product but at the end of the day they
need advertisers Nike is a gigantic
advertiser by the way another reason why
I can be this decision is because a lot
of their athletes are young
african-americans Latinos progressives
etc right door spent contracts exactly
so Serena Williams said today I'm so
proud of of Nike for making this
decision in the new generation we have
the power
that's why Fox News and all those
right-wingers are literally burning up
their own stuff in their rage so they've
slit themselves on fire over their own
range so I'm telling you that news is
fantastic it's the same reason why Fox
News is now raging as corporations which
is hilarious that's who they serve right
why corporations don't hate Muslims they
don't hate Latinos why they're customers
you watch a coke ad that goes
anywhere in the in the international
world it is filled to the rim with
Muslims why there's 1.6 billion Muslims
in the world and they need to buy coke
so corporations have come in on the side
of in this case diversity on other
things they're terrible they come on the
side of their own tax cuts deregulation
Ted 7 weird yes I agree okay and and not
treating their workers well but they got
to sell to everybody so they're on the
side of progressives on that issue and
hence conservators losing their mind
