Nike has signed a deal with Colin
Kaepernick for their new just do it
advertising and their new campaign not
only features Kaepernick but it takes a
risk by featuring Kaepernick sort of so
all the coverage that you've seen on
this story today has been about how
share prices for Nike has gone down but
Nike and any other corporation isn't
gonna make a bold decision like this
unless it was a smart business move and
I say that because they're not looking
to Trump supporters and how they're
gonna react to it what they're really
looking to is how young people are gonna
react to it and jank is gonna jump in on
that in just a minute but let me give
you some more details on the story so
let's put the first graphic up again
Colin Kaepernick promoted this ad
campaign by posting this on his social
media accounts it's his photo and it
says believe in something even if it
means sacrificing everything that is a
message that I absolutely love and it's
certainly a message that resonates with
someone like Colin Kaepernick who has
not been signed on to any NFL team
following his protests where he kneels
during the national anthem in order to
protest excessive force by police
officials or police officers throughout
the country
now Nike called him one of the most or
one of the inspirational athletes of his
generation and people have reacted by
boycotting Nike and also burning some of
their Nike gear to give you an example I
give you exhibit a Here I am in Florida
during a tropical storm and Nike done me
the fuck off
burn
tropical storm standing out in the rain
find out Mikey hires calling capered for
their just do it campaign so I'm just
gonna do it I'm gonna burn all my Nikes
been wearing nothing but Nikes for 37
months years and I'll never wear another
goddamn pair as long as I live go fuck
yourselves
and calling Cape go himself to burn and
burn like that Nike I've so had it with
you liberal motherfuckers I cannot wait
for this mother floor to kick off the
weekend your sorry asses up liberal last
motherfucker suckers okay so here's to
be upset yeah indeed I want to get back
to what he said it then in a second but
first I have to note how much I enjoyed
this latest trend where Republicans pay
for things and then smash them to pieces
or burned them yeah so they did it with
Curt coffee they've done it with a
number of different products now they
are loosing their minds like oh yeah
eventually if like home makers or real
estate agents say something mean about
Donald Trump you just burnt I don't know
hundreds of dollars of product there
congratulations
okay you know what though I support his
decision to do that I believe in free
speech he doesn't believe in free speech
but I believe in free speech so you want
to burn your Nike gear in protest of
this Colin Kaepernick advertising
campaign do you boo burn it all down I'm
gonna talk more about the economics of
it after we listen to Fox News in a
second but in terms of the this
particular issue if you notice all these
different right-wing protests in the
long run have had no effect on any of
the companies that they are protesting
none now again there's another thing
I've been telling you for a million
years I remember when they tried to do a
boycott of Disney cuz Disney was not
against gay rights now my gosh shouldn't
treat your gay employees the same way
you treat straight up
nothing nothing didn't affect them at
all it's a mirage right-wing power is a
mirage propped up by donors and
television host oh by the way let's also
be fair because the left-wing boycott of
chick-fil-a following chick-fil-a
statements about gay marriage and they
were anti gay marriage the the head of
chick-fil-a that boycott also didn't
work so well no no it's a mixed bag and
I'm not sure I'm in favor of these as
well enough you know we talked about on
the show
first of all chick-fil-a did not work
that is totally true I'm the only one
left doing it and I'm like just give it
up dude I know the sandwiches are good
but no I won't
Last Man Standing out of that so we
acknowledge that because we're real
right on the other hand man they messed
up Glenn Beck and they they did a lot of
boycotts of shows that hurt him and they
hurt him bad and a lot of them went
wound up going off the air including
O'Reilly it now O'Reilly did a lot of
terrible things yeah but Fox News knew
all along that he'd done those terrible
things and he had been exposed before
they still didn't take more they only
took them off when all the advertisers
pulled out so some of the left-wing
protests right or wrong definitely do
work right so but the right-wing ones
have never worked and that's partly why
Nike knows where the real economic power
is and that's why the right wing is even
further enraged but one last thing about
that particular video he said I can't
wait till the war starts I know I mean
these it's kind of crazy because I I've
failed to understand how Trump
supporters are in this perpetual state
of Rage you've won you know your guy is
in office you're you're supposed to be
getting what you want
you should be happy but they're so angry
and they just want to fight know that
this story is exactly why they are in a
rage because they actually know in
reality they have already lost this is
the last gasp of the angry racist white
man is every white man race of course
not of coure we're not as dumb as those
guys of course we don't think that one
of the ones that are there in a rage
because they've lost the culture wars
they've lost everything so now that we
got the fox news clip I want to write
and of course wanted to weigh in on this
so let's hear what he has to say you
know I would give him a pass actually on
a lot of this it's the executives
profiting from him in his attacks on the
United States while simultaneously
denying that they are attacks on the
United States so they're saying you know
he raised the issue of racial
discrimination in this country so if
it's never been raised before you know
this is an attack on the country so it
would be very different if he were
saying you know I'm protesting this
politician or this policy or this
specific person for doing this specific
thing but no sitting during the national
anthem is a way of making a broad-based
generalized and therefore impossible to
rebut attack against the country that
made him and Nike rich here you have a
board room full of corporate executives
deciding that they're going to profit
from attacks on the country that made
their company possible that is a really
honest thing we should be really worried
about that when the best educated
smartest richest people in our society
decide that destroying the society is
the goal and the way to get rich and
again to their point that oh this is a
protest against racial discrimination
okay tell me specifically what you are
protesting specifically well this is a
hapless kid that's what we're forgetting
and that's why I don't think we should
take Colin Kaepernick as seriously as we
take the people around Colin Kaepernick
the sinister figures in this so that's
why we should actually be worried about
this it's it's bigger than just one
football player just one quick point
about what Tucker Carlson said a
response to it
Eric Prince Betsy DeVos his brother said
that our military is so incompetent and
so stupid that they can't accomplish
anything in Afghanistan so as a result
we need to privatize military efforts in
Afghanistan
essentially giving him a massive you
know federal contract so he can get rich
now that right there isn't considered
you know being disrespectful to our
troops or to our military but an NFL
player kneeling to bring up a very
legitimate point about police brutality
in America oh that's disrespecting our
troops get out of here I'm done with
that guy two quick things one he says it
over and over here it's generalized he
never
says specifically what he's fighting
against michelle malkin went on fox news
later she said the same thing nobody
knows what he's fighting for
why don't you just ask him or you know
what I know hey knuckleheads why don't
you google it okay so we did so here's
what Kaepernick's quotes say he says
there is police brutality people of
color have been targeted by police so
that's a large part of it referring to
the protests they're government
officials they are put in place by the
government so that's something that this
country has to change he went on to say
there are things we can do to hold them
more accountable make those standards
higher you have people that practice law
and our lawyers and go to school for
eight years but you can become a cop in
six months and don't have the same
amount of training as a cosmetologist
that's insane
someone that's holding a curling iron
has more education and more training
than people that have a gun and are
going out on the street to protect us so
the Fox News is lying to you on purpose
as usual they know exactly why
Kaepernick's doing it it's not an attack
on the country it's not general it is
very specific about police brutality and
shooting unarmed black people in this
country it is a it's a great form of
protest and that's what Nikes
celebrating here last point
why start crosses so angry is getting up
in the morning not waiting it for his
own show why are they all in a rage like
this because they know they have lost
Nike is a giant corporation they didn't
go into this without doing a deep
calculation of where they're gonna make
more money they're gonna make more money
from non racist people in this country
non right-wing people in this country
they're gonna make more money from
blacks Latinos etc but also good white
people who buy Nike and will be more
encouraged to buy out Nike when they see
them taking a stand like this they have
made a calculation that the country will
side with Kaepernick and they are right
about that and eventually because Nike
is so important they have so much money
the NFL will flip and they will also
support Kaepernick and they know the
Tucker crosses of the world that they
have lost and losing that economic power
is what drives them crazy that's why
they think this story is so important
and they're right about that it is they
have lost and we have won two easy ways
for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe
down below then your TYT subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
