happy second Monday Nike announced
they're sponsoring Kaepernick and boy
are people angry throwing this in the
fire is a Colin Kaepernick is now the
face of Nike I love this kid imagine how
much effort it takes to hate this much
parents teach your kids the difference
between right wrong is that a grabbing
the camera and filming your child being
a dip I love when the people who claim
we are being snow flakes lose their
minds collectively and start destroying
their own property because of one add
just one add just this thing oh okay
it's gotta be hard being a conservative
when you have to get mad at inanimate
objects all the time look imagine if
they channeled their frustration into a
real systemic injustice I mean how much
of a thin skinned baby do you have to be
that you're mad that Nike sponsored
someone protesting police brutality like
this is what makes you honk like a goose
not the fact that extrajudicial police
killings are so routine that 9000
citizens have been killed since 9/11 in
the hands of the police and that doesn't
even deserve a protest or not the fact
that the criminal justice system is
completely broken and we hold a quarter
of the world's incarcerated population
fine by me the people protesting this
injustice and those those are the people
I hate by the way if you'd like to come
to bait me on this issue I'm live on
Twitch every day from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.
Pacific at twitch.tv slash Hass and I'll
be I'm blading also if you need any
further evidence that all of this
performative outrage by conservatives
has nothing to do with the military look
no further than Pat Tillman nice white
boy who quit the NFL to join the
military right he's exactly the kind of
patriot conservatives love to bring up
because they've never bothered to read a
whole last book on Tillman's Patriot
doesn't where he quickly realized the
Iraq war was patently illegal it was in
contact with Noam Chomsky but was
executed by a fellow Ranger and then the
Defense Department tried to cover up
that murder
that's probably why he Tillman's family
still asks you dipped to stop using his
name alas this is yet another reason why
this practice hasn't nothing to do with
defending the big bad military's honor
and everything to do with people of
color having a voice I'm gonna put this
in two incredibly simple terms for those
on your timeline upset about this issue
okay if you're mad at Kaepernick and
other athletes for kneeling during the
anthem and not upset about what they're
protesting then you're a part of the
problem if you still think it's
disrespectful to kneel during the ant
even though it was a green beret named
Nate Boyer suggestion to do so in your
part of the problem if you're refusing
to see certain realities like the fact
that hundreds of thousands of people of
color served in the military and that
they are also disproportionately
affected by police brutality or the fact
that thousands of homeless veterans
still get mistreated by the police then
you are a part of the problem if you're
actively celebrating a dude who lost his
job for speaking his truth and then
still managed to donate millions to
underserved communities who deals with
death threats every day after the
president declared him a pariah and you
don't know free speech champion who's a
triggered boot licking dip I mean I've
covered this so many times I'm sure
people are annoyed at this point but
like what do you want Kaepernick to do
you want to just crawl into a hole and
die for speaking his truth about
something that impacts us all like all
Americans and look I'm not gonna sit
here and act like Nike simply doing this
out of the goodness of their heart
either they made a deliberate choice
they knew that this would generate press
and hopefully some sales for them but in
this case they're on the right side of
history
it's a multinational corporation with
questionable labor practices hoping to
profit off of supporting social justice
absolutely is this still good because it
allows others to speak truth to power as
well yes my enjoying mega people burning
their Nikes instead of crosses at least
absolutely it's delightful eight out of
ten I'm a psalm biker if you're enjoying
the stupidity of childish Magga idiots
please share this video with your
friends please leave suggestions as to
how you've owned the libs today a longer
conversation happens live every day from
7 pm-9 p.m. Pacific on my twitch at
twitch.tv / Astana be also please join
TYT membership to fund independent media
and access a lot more of our content on
our TYT app and this has been the
breakdown want to see more videos like
this well then subscribe to the T y2
channel below also don't forget to
become a TYT member you can get access
for as little as $4.99 a month also
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to TYT dot-com / join today
