the conflict between Donald Trump and
his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions
continues although it appears to be a
one-sided conflict was one side
constantly attacking the other side and
then the other side not really
responding to it so the latest has to do
with the fact that two Republican
representatives are now dealing with
some pretty heavy charges against them
and Donald Trump wants to blame Jeff
Sessions and the Department of Justice
for it so here is what Trump had to say
via Twitter quote to long-running Obama
era investigations of two very popular
Republican congressman were brought to a
well-publicized charge just ahead of the
midterms by the Jeff Sessions Justice
Department two easy wins now in doubt
because there is not enough time good
job Jeff so who was Trump referring to
well first there's representative Chris
Collins who was accused of insider
trading insider trading charges related
to a pharmaceutical company that he was
heavily invested in it turned out that
there was some bad news involving a
clinical trial for a pharmaceutical drug
that this company was behind and once
that clinical trial didn't go well
Collins hit up his son called him
several times finally got him on the
phone told him to sell this to sell the
stock that is insider trading it is
illegal which is why he's facing charges
the second representative is duncan
hunter someone that we've had a lot of
fun with over the past couple weeks he
routinely used campaign funds to pay for
personal bills he and his wife are
facing charges in that case the two
famous parts of that are they flew their
pet rabbit across the country and used
campaign funds to do it and they paid
for shorts for Duncan Hunter jr. but
claimed that it was golf balls for
wounded warriors so a couple parts of
this story one this is great news
because Donald Trump just implicated
himself I'll explain why in a second so
I'll come back to that too I mean even
if you're a regular person you don't
know about the law and you're a trump
fan etc isn't it kind of obvious what
he's doing here he's saying I don't care
what they did I just want him to win so
if they were corrupt and they were part
of the swamp
who cares if they lied about helping
veterans wounded warriors who care
if they did insider trading who cares if
they robbed good honest Republicans who
gave money to their campaigns so that
they could win elections and put forward
conservative principles but they robbed
them who cares all I cares about is
politics but even more important than
that he's telling his Attorney General
the head of the Justice Department do
not follow the law do not have force the
rule of law be partisan make political
decisions let Republicans go and punish
Democrats whether they did it or not and
he has said that a number of times
why don't they Jeff Sessions should
investigate Hillary Clinton and all the
Democrats etc based on what I don't know
some emails the same exact thing that
Ivanka and Jared Kushner did having
private emails right it doesn't matter
he's publicly declaring punish my
political opponents by misusing the law
even if you're Magda you got to see that
clear as day right and so I want to just
make one quick clear point about Duncan
Hunter and what he did understand that
Duncan Hunter took campaign donations
people who donated money for him as a
candidate something that we disagree
with right we don't want massive
campaign donations he took two hundred
fifty thousand dollars worth of campaign
donations and used it to pay his
personal bills he misused his own
supporters funds so this Donald Trump
tweet doesn't have to do with the Russia
investigation although he is of course
super salty about Jeff Sessions recusing
himself this is about going after Jeff
Sessions for doing the right thing in
regard to Republican representatives who
very clearly broke the law point number
three is even if you wanted your
attorney general to do that why would
you admit that publicly cuz he's an
idiot he's an idiot he loves
incriminating himself like his Twitter
account is Exhibit A in the Moller
investigation yes he doesn't even really
have to do much of an investigation I
give you all the evidence Trump's
Twitter account yeah you know look
there's two parts of it like I said
there's the politics and then there's
illegal on the politics side I think
that he's piling on a lot of straws even
onto his Magor camel's back and he's
asking those mango guys to keep
believing in things that they
whole life they claimed they didn't
believe in so he's saying our rule of
law who cares let's just be partisan
Republicans their whole life pretended
oh no we care a lot about justice and
rule of law and it shouldn't be a thing
that's partisan etcetera and now he's
just rubbing your face in it right and
anyone can see it anyone
so look Trump's base is unmoved by any
of this they will support Trump they
will do as Trump asks them to do but if
you can recall last week we talked about
a recent Washington post/abc News poll
that showed that the majority of
Americans we're talking about in the 60s
support Muller's investigation do not
believe that session should be fired
look and by the way for our progressive
viewers I want to be clear that I'm not
a sessions supporter I'm specifically
talking about supporting sessions in
this very specific you know context you
should not be fired just based on the
fact that he once did the right thing
and recusing himself or that he did the
right thing in going after these
Republican representatives who broke the
law he actually did the right thing in
these cases and Trump wants to go after
him for that reason it's not that
complicated he's wrong on all other
things he's right on this he actually
did put aside partisanship and did his
job as Attorney General in pursuing
these guys who clearly broke the law so
look finally and in look at sorry one
more thing on politics actually you're
right and in in all the videos that we
have Eric Pilar going to interview
sometimes I'm a big Lynn doesn't for
rebel headquarters sometimes Eric Pilar
does it you watch those videos even of
Trump supporters wearing Trump
paraphernalia going into Trump rallies
and half of them will tell you no no no
Molly's got to finish the investigation
so I think that he's Trump is playing
with fire that Magra camel's back has
one too many straws he keeps doing
things that are obviously corrupt and
brazenly so and that goes to stupidity
which then returns me to the legal issue
benjamin wits is the editor in chief of
the national security law blog law fair
and he went on TV today and made a point
that i think is obvious if you're a
lawyer and if you're not that's why i'm
explaining it here right you have to
show in a case of obstruct
justise intent so bad intent now that's
a really hard thing to show hey I didn't
fire call me now well Donald Trump
exactly right because it's so easy for
Donald Trump to say oh I yeah i fired
coming but not because of the russia
investigation i have bad and i wasn't
trying to stop an investigation of
myself that would be bad intent no I
fired him because I didn't like the way
he ate his tuna sandwich even any other
reason okay I didn't like the way he
treated Hillary Clinton which was the
legal reason that roses Stein gave it's
laughable but at least it's legal to do
that no one believes it but it's a good
enough lie right but Trump can't help
himself
so he went on TV and he said yeah I
fired him because of Russia you just
proved that intent okay if you that
wasn't done enough then he comes out in
here and says you shouldn't pursue
investigations of Republicans he said it
okay that shows you bad intent
I want to obstruct justice when it comes
to investigations of Republicans myself
and others because I care about politics
he talks about how were two months away
from an election and how he wants to
with them to win politically you just
proved bad intent you can't then turn
around and go oh no I want a sessions to
not do that investigation because I
didn't think it was appropriate legally
you just said it was because of politics
right so Jenk you're not the only person
making this argument now some might
argue well jank he's a lefty should we
trust what he has to say should we trust
his analysis I would argue yes you
should but even if you think that you
can't trust a progressive on this if you
happen to be one of our conservative
viewers here is Judge Napolitano also
weighing in on whether or not Trump is
doing something shady and possibly
illegal take a look these are evidence
of this is evidence of serious crime
here and there can't be two standards
one for members of Congress Republican
members of Congress and one for others
it is the duty of the Justice Department
to prosecute crimes when they find them
and to bring indictments when a grand
jury has decided there's enough evidence
there in the case of congressman Collins
from New York there's an actual tape of
him on the his cell phone at the White
House during a party hosted by President
and mrs.
Trump telling his son sell the stock so
it's it's obviously wrong what Trump is
doing it's obstruction of justice and he
just handed the mauler team a huge
Christmas gift early I know he thinks
that he's getting everybody to say Merry
Christmas
but soon mother might be saying Merry
Christmas to him because that was a hell
of a gift he just gave him too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
