much in the news coverage today has to
do with the fact that Brent Kavanagh has
begun the Senate confirmation hearings
however there are federal judges that
are being confirmed left and right with
the help of Democratic senators like
Chuck Schumer so just to be clear
Donald Trump has successfully nominated
and confirmed as many as 60 federal
judges which is a complete and utter
disaster but again there are Senate
Democrats like Schumer who have actually
brokered deals with senators like Mitch
McConnell to help Trump achieve his goal
of confirming as many federal judges as
humanly possible
so according to Vox Chuck Schumer
reached an agreement late Tuesday with
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
to fast-track the confirmations a 15
Trump nominated judicial picks
according to Vox a Senate democratic
aide tried to kind of downplay this by
saying oh well I mean come on these
judges aren't really controversial
except they are you think that Trump is
gonna nominate fair federal judges who
don't have conservative ideologies come
on so the Senate aide said that he
emphasizes that Schumer's efforts enable
Democrats to hit the campaign trail
giving red state Democrats a few extra
days in their home states before coming
back for Senator John McCain's memorial
services which just took place a couple
days ago so think about how pathetic
that is guys that they're confirming
Trump nominees without a fight because
they want two or three extra days of
campaigning in their states pathetic
okay
and if it was just that it would be
already horrible enough but the reality
is the main thing that they use that
time for is fundraising so they got to
go talk to donors in that time so they
want to hurry up and give Trump what he
wants so they can make calls to donors
it's just the grossest thing you've ever
seen it's so bad that even Brian Fallon
who worked for Hillary Clinton was very
proud of that
etc says that this is bringing a
buttered knife to a gunfight he went on
to say it's hard to think of a more
pathetic surrender heading into Cavanagh
hearings good nights are saying it's a
pathetic surrender
what I mean what would you expect from
Chuck Schumer Chuck Schumer is
remarkably weak like I I can't I can't
envision a Democrat weaker than him like
just to give you an example that's not
related to federal judges or the
Cavanaugh hearings I mean think about
the way he screwed up the one
opportunity that Democrats had to get
protections permanent protections for
daca recipients that was over the whole
debate about funding the government
Senate Democrats had leverage in that
case they could have prevented funding
the government if Senate Republicans
refused to offer a standalone bill to
protect daca recipients and so Mitch
McConnell goes to Schumer and says I
promise after we fund the government I
will work with you to get protections
for daca recipients and Chuck Schumer's
like McConnell promised oh yeah how did
that work out there's protections for
daca recipients Schumer is weak and then
they can't understand why left-leaning
voters are turning their backs on them
so look it's so bad that a former Harry
Reid aide said that Schumer is quote not
a real leader when Harry Reid staffers
are throwing stones in your direction
for an incredibly weak leader so I'm
gonna tell you why he does it in a
second but understand what Harry Reid
did though that was such a debacle and I
said it at the time and as usual
Democratic apologists said no that plane
three-dimensional chess they waited till
the end of Obama's tenure basically to
lift the filibuster on these kind of
federal judges the Republicans then
lifted the filibuster on Supreme Court
justices now I said at the time if
you're gonna lift the filibuster on
judicial appointments and executive
appointments do it in the beginning go
to the beginning instead they let
record-breaking obstruction happen under
the Republicans and right before they
lost their majority Harry Reid said oh
let's live the filibuster on these
things so we're gonna nominate two or
three judges when I said they're gonna
lose their majority and then they're
gonna let the Republicans run roughshod
and people said no no Jay you don't
understand
you progressives don't understand
they're playing three-dimensional chess
now we know for a fact there was no
three-dimensional chess no they did
exactly what I warned about they gave up
their power right before at the power of
the minority right before they went into
the minority and so now the Republicans
are steamrolling them as Shermer goes on
what God called Lee Chi there's nothing
I could do and I told you that they were
taking away from the Supreme Court
appointments in a second and incredibly
foolish people who know nothing about
current gay politics said oh no no no
that's a bridge too far for Republicans
they won't take away the filibuster from
Supreme Court nominees they took it away
immediately for Gorsuch come on stop
being so II purposely stupid because
it's now insulting our intelligence so
why do they actually do things that they
know are maniacally stupid and weak
because oh my god we got to get the red
state Democrats to win so forget all the
other Democrats but there's a Democrat
in Indiana and North Dakota in West
Virginia and they thing is a brilliant
strategy to be a Republican light that's
right and so because of that we're gonna
cater everything to them we're gonna say
hey don't worry Joe Manchin and Joe
Donnelly get to say oh yeah they clear
the way for Trump nominees but you just
screwed over not only all the other
Democrats but your messaging overall so
what what's driving victories today it's
voter turnout it's not only weak and
stupid it's the wrong strategy even if
all you cared about like do you think oh
she was like oh they don't understand
the they know we have red state
candidates in uh
in Missouri and and and we're even
worried about our seat in Florida and
Trump actually won those we know that
you moron of course we know that but
what you don't know is you never set up
our art framing hey this is why
Democrats are right
this is why progressives are right cuz
you're so busy catering to Joe Manchin
and Heidi Heitkamp and saying oh oh oh
look they get to brag that they gave
Trump everything they that he wanted you
fool you're suppressing voter turnout in
the whole country
then who wants to come and vote for
these weak pathetic senators that are
supposed to represent them on the
Democratic side right and then they
don't
understand again when people turn when
democratic voters turn their backs on
Democratic leadership in both the House
and the Senate by the way one other
thing I want to quickly mention is look
they've already tried this strategy back
in 2014 when they lost control of it was
the house yeah when they lost control of
the house you had a number of Democratic
incumbents Democratic candidates who
decided oh you know I mean I'm in a
district that isn't as solidly blue as I
would like so I'm gonna run as a
Republican like conservative like
candidate and see how that works out
bunch of people got voted out of office
because they have a conservative
candidate they can vote for why would
they vote for conservative light look
they've been doing it for the last ten
years more than that and how does it
work that they've lost over a thousand
seats across the country and they're
still using the same stupid wrong
strategy because they get paid not to
learn those lessons because their donors
want the same thing as the Republicans
so last thing on this from my
perspective the thing that matters look
these nominees matter a lot so far Trump
has gotten so many more confirmed that
Obama did in the same period of time
and he goes around bragging about it and
says see I'm strong god damn it why are
you helping him like that
but secondarily and even more important
is what are they gonna do with Kavanagh
this gives you a sense of the surrender
that they are already planning and so if
they think all the Republicans are gonna
hold they're immediately going to
quote-unquote release the Donnelly's and
the matches of the world those red state
Democrats to vote with Kavanaugh because
they think that's a brilliant strategy
to win in those races so they're
planning that surrender as we speak you
know what Kavanagh is pulling out you
know Trump's in the 30s and the whole
country hates them but that apparently
did not get into their heads but in
Indiana and what in double digits that
was in 2016 and he was running against
Hillary Clinton I know you love her but
the rest of the country hates her so but
you didn't learn that lesson so they
think oh no Trump must be really popular
I mean he beat Hillary Clinton and I
love Hillary Clinton so no he's not
polling at those numbers in those states
today and but Cavanaugh is he popular
he's pulling a 37% I don't know if you
guys still understand I'm
Democrats in Washington 37 percent is a
terrible terrible number especially
where a person who's a Supreme Court
nominee has not had attack ads against
them has not gotten any negatives
against them and is pretending to be
nonpartisan usually there's a lot more
respect for judges usually they pull way
higher than politicians he said 37
percent for God's sake fight for the
first time in your life fight but likely
as usual they will surrender then
they'll say we didn't have a choice then
they'll say yay we help the red state
Democrats be more like Republicans then
they'll lose and then those along golly
gee we should have gone more right-wing
yeah I know at the end of everything
that's usually their takeaway we should
have gone more right-wing and and and
the final part will be like college we
really don't understand why progressives
are upset two easy ways following Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
