let's talk about other individuals who
protested Cavanaugh's confirmation at
this first day of the confirmation
hearings there were women associated
with the women's March who decided to
voice their opinions some did so in the
form of protests during the confirmation
hearings they interrupted the
confirmation hearings which I thought
was an effective way to get your point
across now women are disrupting this
hearing today because our lives are at
risk women will die if Brett Kavanaugh
is confirmed and that is a quote from
Rachel O'Leary
Carmona she is the CEO of the women's
March some women showed up wearing
Handmaid's Tale apparel or garb which I
thought was also an effective way to get
the message across these are women who
are very much concerned with the
confirmation of Cavanagh leading to a
destruction of reproductive rights in
America the violation of a woman's right
to choose and I also want to give you
guys an example of what the scene was
like when protesters interrupted the
confirmation hearing okay
as as the Supreme Court has put it quote
unless the president can give his
advisors some assurance of
confidentiality a president could not
expect to rebut you spoke about my
decency and mind and you spoke about my
decency and integrity and I think your
take you are taking advantage of my
decency and integrity
so dozens of protesters did get escorted
out of the room some arrested so there
were loud you know angry people there
who didn't want this confirmation to go
forward and I can understand why so some
of the Republicans in the hearings were
saying well you know don't listen to the
protesters or what the Democrats are
saying they are trying to pretend that
Cavanaugh is hates women and children
and of course that's not true now wait a
minute wait a minute so this isn't about
it I don't know he would be surprised if
he hated women and children
it isn't about hate in that sense it's
about what are your policies and so is
he against a woman's right to choose and
hence a woman's decision to do what she
wants with her body and to consult with
her doctor and make that decision by
herself
he is most definitively against that
he's completely against that so that's
not an exaggeration would he take rights
away from women 100% you would there's
no so it's if you want to characterize
that as being against women's rights and
not hating woman okay fine that's your
description but he's gonna take away
women's rights he's also going to
potentially vote to eliminate things
like Obamacare which would take away you
know protections for contraception let
alone for all of us the days of
pre-existing conditions would be back
and there are a number of things that
affect women and yes children that he
would be have a position that would that
in our opinion would harm them greatly
so when the Republicans pretend that
they're playing patty-cakes and it's not
gonna have an effect in your life it's
that's not true
it will affect your life especially if
you're a woman so Cavanaugh gave his
speech today his opening statements and
what stood out to me the most was what
he chose to emphasize in his statements
and he wanted to kind of make a point
about how he doesn't actually he doesn't
hate females he he actually has a lot of
love for women and part of the reason
why is because he has daughters okay
fair enough so he touched on his
daughters quite a bit and talked about
how one of his favorite things to do is
serve as a coach for his
daughter's basketball teams okay but
that doesn't that's not enough like this
effort to connect with us on this hey I
have children they happen to be girls
and I'm actually pretty cool to them
that's not enough to convince us that
you wouldn't undo what progress has been
made when it comes to reproductive
rights same thing when it comes to
concerns about his feelings toward
minorities particularly the
african-american community he kind of
answered those questions by saying
back in the you know 1960s my mom was a
teacher in a predominantly black area
well problem solved who cares we don't
care that doesn't matter at all
like your personal touch on these issues
don't matter what matters are you know
is your voting record your your ruling
record I guess is a better way of
putting it how you've treated people
personally in the past what you think
how you think the country should move
forward policy wise you know he's been
pretty clear when it comes to his
conservative leanings on these issues
and so his opening statements were so
incredibly weak when it came to
addressing the real concerns people have
well look I'll be harsh and I'll tell
you why he does it so the reason he does
it is there was no internet in the past
so everybody on TV would come out and go
oh that was a moving story about how he
plays softball with his daughter okay
let's move on right well sorry I those
talking heads on TV are borderline
irrelevant at this point so let me
summarize what real progressives think
about you and your softball habits we
don't care at all
so you're decent to your daughters
that's a low bar congratulations and by
the way we'll have to take your word for
it but I believe you I do okay does that
mean that you're gonna let them choose
what to do with their body no you still
know with his own daughters oh yeah yeah
with his own daughters he'll pay
probably to go outside the country or
wherever they need to go or do a blue
state right but uh are you going to
allow the law to change so they do not
have access to controlling their own
bodies yes yes you are so don't give me
pretty stories about softball look it's
not just about abortion either one of
the things that he would lie
we strip away when they if they go after
the Affordable Care Act as they have in
the Supreme Court before is the health
care decisions that women get to me the
way that the law would change bosses
would get to make decisions for their
female employees Oh that'd be great oh
but hey but I play softball with my
daughters later I'll let their male
bosses decide what kind of health care
they can and can't get okay no we only
care about policy so spare me your
schlock that's where Joe Scarborough and
the idiots on TV we don't care about
that at all all we care about is what
are you gonna do when you get on that
Court and everything in your record now
indicates that you will vote against
women's rights in fact that's exactly
why the right wing and the evangelicals
are thrilled with your selection because
they think you're gonna take away Roe
vs. Wade why do you think they're so
happy
so the lies are would drive me nuts
Republicans just be honest about it you
can't paint on it all the time you said
in all your campaign ads you're sending
all your speeches that you were hoping
for a judge that'll take your way Roe
vs. Wade now when it's your confirmation
hearings oh look Roe vs. Wade I have no
political brain you know that anybody
ever political opinion on that Oh get
out get the hell out of here everybody
knows you're 100% lying
Cavanaugh and every Republican senator
on there two easy ways to follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
