alright guys here I am backstage at
politican about the debate Tucker
Carlson I'm gonna tell you what I said
to Charlie occurred last night but first
let me just tell you that if you're
Young Turks member you're gonna get all
the behind the scenes we just shot it
behind the scenes and I shot one earlier
and you get to see some of our reaction
right after the debates right before the
debates well this is one before a debate
that I just shot so and you're getting
all the panels as well so T y-t-dot-com
slash join to become a member and get
all that anytime you want
so now last night Haas and Charlie Kurt
were debating and he asked question that
I thought was out of bounds
he asked what Haas a salary was hasta
maana answering him bless his heart and
so I had a simple question well what's
your salary charlie because it looks
like the NRA is about fifteen million
dollars returning Point USA this year
and he says it's grassroots I didn't
know billionaires were grassroots these
days okay
so he might have collected a couple of
nickels than a dime from a couple of
folks in the country but overall the
mass amount of money is coming from very
very wealthy Republicans that's why he
got triggered by that and so look I
think that he's still looking for a safe
space somewhere in the building so I
don't know if he's yet melted and as a
snowflake that he apparently is but I
mean it is fascinating that they're
literally the same exact question that
he asked Hassan is the one that set him
off and if you saw that video he kind of
explodes out of his chair he's yelling
at the top of his mouth that top of his
lungs his mouth was wide open
and he's and at one point apparently I
didn't even remember this I saw it an
article today he said come on jank let's
go what we're gonna do take it outside
okay it's preposterous and so not only
do I think the question was fair
apparently he thought the question was
fair that's why he asked us on all the
things that get triggered
so and and of course the reality is the
reason why Charlie gets concerned about
that is because turning points USA he
said and and this is one of my favorite
times I'm greatly amused by it said I
live my life as a capitalist every day
how does one live their life as a
capitalist every day and my favorite
thing was to he said I take risks I took
a risk to start this organization what
risk rich people give you money you do
propaganda for them where's the risk
you're not even trying it's not like
it's a for-profit business it's not like
you could lose all of your money it's
their money and you don't need to turn a
profit you just no need to go try to
give this college students to be
right-wingers so they ain't no risk I
don't know what kind of you know
capitalist life you're living it sounds
like something maybe a rapper might say
and he was what was going on with a
funny shoes he had on it turns out there
Yeezys I was like oh no wonder you look
like a jackass look I know what dark
eyes looks so it ain't about looks and
it isn't about even close because I'm
again I got no leg to stand on there but
at least I'm not showing up with the
easies please whatever they are ok so
that's what went back and forth with
Charlie and now in about an hour exactly
good dude Tucker crossing so that allow
of course also be up on youtube.com
slash tyt and the members will get it as
well it ought to be interesting ok let
us just say that I will be coming Oh
Jenna stop looking forward to it
