during the first day of Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation hearings there
was one specific Republican who made a
statement that really stood out to me
Jeff Flake Senator Jeff Flake who has
been highly critical of Trump
mentioned that he somewhat sides with
Democrats on his concerns in regard to
Kavanagh so first I'm gonna read you
something that MoveOn tweeted because it
has a lot to do with Jeff Lakes concerns
they tweeted a quote by Cavanaugh and it
goes as follows the country wants the
president to be one of us who bears the
same responsibilities of citizenship
that all share but I believe that the
president should be excused from some of
the burdens of ordinary citizenship
while serving in office so Brett
Kavanaugh was very clear in Billy in
saying that he believes the president
shouldn't have to deal with indictments
and criminal investigations while he is
serving in office that is something that
does not sit well with Democrats and it
also doesn't sit well with Republican
Senator Jeff Flake so Jeff Flake said
the following during the confirmation
hearing quote now I know it has been
brought up today that a lot of the
concern on the other side of the aisle
stems from the concern of an
administration that doesn't seem to
understand and appreciate separation of
powers and the rule of law I have that
concern as well if you just look at what
was said just yesterday by the president
I think it's very concerning so senator
flake was specifically referencing a
tweet by Trump and the tweet that Trump
put out was this too long-running Obama
era investigations of two very popular
Republican congressman were brought to a
well-publicized charge just ahead of the
midterms by Jeff Sessions Justice
Department two easy wins now in doubt
because there is not enough time good
job chef so Trump has been attacking
Jeff Sessions for refusing to do Trump's
bidding right and Jeff Flake does not
think that's okay Democrats don't think
that's okay so that's the reason why
Jeff Flake brought this up the final
part of his statement to Cavanaugh goes
as follows Jeff Sessions has resisted
pressure from the president to punish
his enemies and relieve pressure on his
friends and many of the questions that
you will get on the other side of the
aisle
and from me will be how you view that
relationship where you believe the
article one powers and and article two
powers of the administration begin so
let me be clear about Cavanaugh's record
and why this is so important and why I
think this is one of the actual proof of
ways of going after this nominee so and
I'll talk about on fruitful ways as well
so he has three problems at a minimum
and one is about executive power now
Kavanagh is the guy who was on ken
starr's team investigating Bill Clinton
he was actually the one of their biggest
hatchet men he was known as a political
operative and so the two things he
pushed for was to investigate Vince
Foster's suicide after there had already
been five his investigations of it the
FBI had been very clear that it was a
suicide and Cavanaugh fed into the
conspiracy theories and said no maybe
Vince Foster was murdered by the
Clintons so cuckoo for cocoa puffs or so
looking at this guy like he's a rational
person and everybody's talking about
always an intellectual no he believed
that Vince Foster might have been
murdered by the Clintons it's a total
lunatic in that regard okay so then he
went on to aggressively grill
Bill Clinton about his sex life he said
him questions about what kind of oral
sex he received it was incredibly dirty
and he then turns around afterwards and
goes no we should never question any
president oh isn't that goddamn
convenient and he said that during the
Bush administration while he was serving
for the Bush administration now he just
had gone through that term and so after
he goes after Clinton the most personal
waste possible then he works for Bush
and then he comes out with their pity no
golly gee we shouldn't bother presidents
are you kidding me you were involved in
the worst most egregious case of that
but in the case of Donald Trump is that
one of the reasons he picked him one of
the few judges in the country who raised
his hand and said you should not
question the president or bring any
charges against them while he's
president that's basically raising your
hand saying Donald Trump I will be
corrupt for you now look he didn't do it
at the time of Trump I want to be clear
about them and we're always want to give
you the right facts here okay
but when Trump goes to look for a judge
he out of all the judges in the country
there's a couple who say that the
president shouldn't be bothered while he
in office you shouldn't even ask him
questions about anything he might have
done wrong Cavanaugh re-raises had ever
be the exact opposite in real life okay
remember Mitch McConnell did not want
Brett Kavanaugh to be Donald Trump's
Supreme Court nominee because of the
fact that Brett Kavanaugh has such a
long history long past and there are
countless documents that Democrats can
then look to to question Cavanaugh and
just kind of lengthen the process of
these confirmation hearings so Trump
went against well what McConnell wanted
and went with Kavanagh why because Trump
has some sort of affection or admiration
for Cavanaugh you think he knew who
Cavanaugh was prior to all this going on
no he was looking for an individual who
would be on his side should the Supreme
Court ever weigh on what's going on with
all of these investigations so there's
three things that Trump cared about he
wanted to overturn Roe versus Wade so
you can get evangelicals to vote for him
in record numbers like they did in 2016
but a lot of judges fit that bill a lot
of them he wanted a people who were
going to serve his Republican donors but
there's a ton of right-wing judges who
vote with corporations almost no matter
what Cavanaugh is among them and we'll
talk about that in a second but there's
only a couple of judges in the country
who fit the first two descriptions and
also say the president is basically
above the law Cavanaugh's position is
after he leaves office that maybe you
could do an investigation of him at that
point which will be incredibly laid with
stale evidence and he's a lawyer he
knows that that means in essence you
will put somebody on the Supreme Court
who doesn't really believe in our system
of government who doesn't believe in
checks and balances says the president
should never be checked above the law
put putting that guy in the Supreme
Court on a the issue of executive power
alone is a danger to our democracy
that's a real issue when the Democrats
complain about the documents that
weren't sent to them in time they are
right and it is maddening there was a
dirty political trick of the Republicans
but overall that's not gonna resonate
enough with the American people they're
not gonna worry about documents that's
why the Republicans did at the last
minute because they knew that that
wouldn't resonate but baking the
president above the law is incredibly
important other two things that they can
attack him on rightfully is corporate
power in the case of SeaWorld a person
dies he says basically to summarize the
employee I don't think has rights the
safety and health sad day for them they
must bow their heads to whatever
corporation they work for and so of
course the Republican donors love that
Trump loves that but the American people
don't love that they don't wanna be
killed at work and then have a Supreme
Court judge says sad day for you you
shouldn't have signed up for it
corporations can do anything they want
the third thing which Democrats
definitely will not get into but
absolutely should his citizens united
this guy clerked for Kennedy Kennedy
wrote citizens united it was one of the
worst Supreme Court decisions in
American history make him answer the
questions do you believe the corporation
is a human being go ahead raise your
head cuz he's going to he said well
they're people there illegally have the
same rights as people actually they
argue that they have more rights than
human beings but at least make him say
it American people don't believe that
they think it's absolutely insane
to say their corporations are people and
secondly do they have unlimited rights
for so-called speech which the Supreme
Court has said is money in other words
they could just give any amount of money
they want through campaign expenditures
or independent expenditures in other
words legally bribe our politicians are
you in favor of that and he's gonna say
yes because he's definitely in favor of
citizens united he's not gonna say Oh
Kennedy made the wrong decision there's
no way he's gonna say that and the
country hates Citizens United Republican
voters don't like that corruption make
him answer those questions two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
