everybody hits John him in the studio
and it is early but it's also go time to
block Brett Kavanaugh his confirmation
hearings are going on right now and they
started with quite a bit of news
actually not just this morning but last
night when suddenly the White House
jumped literally tens of thousands of
important and review necessary documents
on you know the the senators are going
to be attempting to stop him from
becoming a Supreme Court justice now
they did not do this by accident they
understood that people have been asking
for well over a hundred thousand
documents for some time having to do
with you know his judicial philosophy
his time working in the bush White House
his stances on a number of issues that
he is of course going to be able to rule
on if he becomes a Supreme Court justice
and try to walk into a little bit more
light here now here's the problem with
Brett Kavanaugh my fear is that the
media while originally meeting his
nomination as a serious threat has moved
on almost immediately as of you know the
six weeks or so or longer that it's been
since he was nominated
I saw a stat that the sunday news shows
have talked about him on average for
like twenty seconds in the past month or
so that is absolutely absurd when you
consider the stakes of Brett Kavanaugh
actually entering the Supreme Court if
he joins the Supreme Court actually just
tweeted this recently there is no reason
to believe that he will leave it before
2050 if you go on a news show if you
watch you know an MSNBC panel about
Brett Kavanaugh every single person
talking on that panel will likely have
retired before Brett Kavanaugh does
which means you will hear his name every
week for the next three decades plus
assuming that he eats a relatively
healthy diet and during that time he is
going to be potentially the deciding
vote on any number of different issues
we know when it comes to the environment
that he absolutely despises the natural
world he has been a universal vote for
effectively of removing endangered
species protections you know unleashing
basically the lobbyists vision of what
our environmental policy should be and
then of course you jump to the most
important potential issue which is
abortion they he will say
and he's already we saw his you know
opening statement I am just an umpire I
don't come in with any sort of pro Pro
prosecutor Pro defendant view I don't
have a pro government or a pro you know
someone coming before the government
view I'm just going to be a neutral
arbiter which literally every single
person that has attempted to join the
Supreme Court has said for it literally
decades and it is a lie it's a lie in
all of those cases and it's certainly a
lie in this case he was never even
considered for this position for any
reason other than that he would be a
reliable vote - absolutely shred roe v--
wade that is what he has been chosen for
the idea that Donald Trump would choose
someone who would be a wild-card who
will just you know we'll wait and find
out exactly what his position on
abortion will be is absurd but if you
can find some way to believe that there
is absolutely no way that you can
believe that he was put on those lists
suggested to Donald Trump by hardcore
hard right conservative ideologues
without them knowing for sure what his
position on abortion would be so we can
guarantee that if he enters the court
you will see roe v wade eliminated maybe
not tomorrow maybe not next year but it
is going to happen and then of course
there's the more personal reason why
Donald Trump might be interested in
Brett Kavanaugh and another reason why
he absolutely has to be eliminated and
not just for the normal reasons that
almost any right-wing nominee the
Supreme Court would have to be
eliminated and that is his view on
executive power and executive immunity
from any sort of prosecution or legal
ramifications for what they do he has
been very clear documented on the record
Thank You dragon killer as believing
that there should be no sort of legal
investigation of the President on thank
you now so annoying me while he's in
office that is absurd every single
person watching this video is very wet
very well aware of not just the scandals
involving Donald Trump but if you think
back to the Barack Obama years how many
issues did we have to hold him
accountable for if you go back one step
further to george w bush the idea that
their war crimes their domestic
corruption all of those issues should be
immune from any sort of consequences is
absolutely absurd and it's not some
peripheral issue it's not some
tangential concern this strikes to the
very core of the relationship between us
as citizen
were members of the media regardless of
which side of this camera you're on and
the president and the White House if you
get someone in there that is a reliable
vote for eliminating any sort of
investigation of the president whether
you think that Donald Trump should be
investigated for the various things that
he's now you know the legal concerns
against him say goodbye to any of that
in the future if we suddenly get you
know President Ted Cruz our President
Joe Biden or whatever imagine the sorts
of things that they might do that would
need to be investigated and consider the
possibility that there will be no legal
recourse whatsoever if Brett Kavanaugh
gets onto the Supreme Court so that is
why it is important that hopefully he
will be blocked I don't know how much
faith I actually have in Democrats to do
it because it looks like the Republicans
are pretty universally in support of him
even the ones that supposedly care about
continued reproductive freedoms whereas
the Democrats I've seen some indication
that they seem split on this I have no
idea how you could possibly be split on
this issue on Cavanaugh considering the
consequences but they found the way to
do it another reminder that we
desperately need to change whose is
actually holding a government office
that would help right now in helping to
block Brett Kavanaugh in the Senate it
also would have helped in the last
presidential election in stopping Donald
Trump from being the person who's
choosing Supreme Court nominees if
anybody believes that any of the other
presidential contenders in 2016
would have chosen Breck have inaud you
were literally insane Donald Trump is
the only person that would put someone
like this on the Supreme Court and so
that's where we're at so we're gonna be
looking over the course of today to see
what the resistance to him is like there
have been a number of interruptions
there have been attempts to shut down
the proceedings so far unsuccessful
because of course Democrats don't have
power in the Senate but we will see what
they could possibly do I don't have the
highest of hopes but I will be watching
and we will also be talking about this
by the way on today's episode of the
damage report which will be coming up in
just about an hour and a half by the way
if you're not watching the damage report
on today's episode alone I'm joined by
Brooke Thomas we're gonna be talking
about the Brett Kavanaugh nomination the
Colin Kaepernick and Nike protests that
are going on right now and also I'm
gonna be joined by Nina Turner and James
Cromwell so Nina and I are gonna be
talking about the state of the midterm
elections any attempts to reform the
Democratic Party both at the DNC and
also in terms of electing the right
sorts of progresses and then James
Cromwell who you might
the actor and activist we're to be
talking about Environmental Policy
California possibly becoming only the
second state to go 100% carbon neutral
through a law that's being considered
right now and the effect that Donald
Trump has had on the environment and
that's all in today's episode so if you
haven't already you can watch those at
youtube.com slash the damage report the
podcast is also available anywhere where
podcasts are and I will see you soon
