oh I didn't see you come in drop it
so thanks to Jake you were not being
here we have a panel that's even more
powerful than usual he's not here to say
anything about psych they pretty much
whatever I want on Johnny role of Mark
Thompson he's back in studio when
daddy's away you really get mouthy I've
known daddy the way we say things will
someday forget babies we have to stand
ups in studio Ben Gleib for the first
time with me at the very least I'm with
you second time second time on the show
thank good to have you back and
Francesca Feeny's here as well I always
good to have you here after co-hosting
the damage report this morning with me
here on the main show took a power power
nap of five hours in the middle
everything is powerful around every
powerful well you know she's flown down
from San Francisco so she's jet-lagged
and everything but now she's feeling
better the time zones are crazy on the
west coast they really mess with you
yeah so we got a lot to talk about today
obviously we're gonna be talking about
Medicare Medicaid Social Security who's
coming for it you know some fictional
villains some real villains we've got
both for you and there are some yes yes
fictional villains being pushed by real
villains actually after that we're never
will talk about Alexandre Castel Cortez
because there have been some attacks
against her recently that appear a
little bit hypocritical considering some
political context that we will of course
provide and then later on the show we've
got two awesome stories for you one is a
Republican politician being very honest
and forthcoming about what she actually
believes about those protesting in the
NFL and that also at the Bank of America
has decided that you know what they want
to get in on a little bit of that border
action and pretend that some people just
aren't citizens even if they are so
we'll be talking about all of that over
the course of this hour very excited for
hot border action so much not so much so
hot yes and distressing but we're gonna
be starting off with a little bit of
Donald Trump Trump's speeches are full
of moments that make you just stop and
think a little bit about what he might
mean but today we've got one that stands
out even for him it has to do with
Medicare let's listen and they want to
raid Medicare
to pay for socialism somehow I don't see
Indiana being the next Venezuela I just
don't see I grew them I don't see it
either actually the guy in the green in
the back is like Peter you drove all
this way to a rally yes said you were
gonna go yeah but you know this makes no
sense yeah I wonder if they are
sweetening the crowd response sounds on
these rallies because the shot of the
people behind Trump he's barely ever
getting more than 10% of people actually
laughing at these jokes I wanted to come
but I don't know if I can get on board
anything you say he was a cold in the
next in like five minutes
I mean honestly we talked about this
earlier this morning on John's show the
damage report but the idea that like
raiding Medicare to pay for socialism is
like saying you know he wants they just
want to raid the fridge to make your
dinner these women in the fridge making
it dinner
where'd the food go huh like well that
sounds amazing I'm hungry now yeah it
was puzzling though explain to me what
you know oftentimes you can really just
work yourself up in knots trying to
figure out what Trump was actually
speaking about but here I really was a
little confused I mean it struck me as
something sort of the leading edge of a
talking point that we're going to hear
more and more but otherwise I can't
decode this easily well I think that
you're sort of right I think I don't
know if it's bleeding edge of a talking
point but certainly of a narrative in
that because we have these these very
popular up-and-coming in some cases DSA
backed candidates socialism as a term is
out there and unfortunately as with most
other terms and political kind of terms
in America we don't know what they mean
we we don't know history we don't know
geography we don't know political
science we don't know psychology I could
go on
we don't understand those things and so
Donald Trump can say effectively
whatever he wants about socialism the
only information that most of the people
in the crowd have is that they know that
some socialist country is 40 or 50 years
ago that they're familiar with were
failures and they might see some bad
news about Venezuela in the news which
is of course why he referenced it there
and if they buy the only information
that Trump has also exactly Trump to
defy socialism what do you think he
would say how ironic Lee because
socialized medicine is part of
democratic socialism the likes of which
I think a lot of candidates are running
on and that Bernie Sanders inspired the
country on which is more of a
Scandinavian democratic socialism like
if you strip all that away the socialism
that's left which is like big statues
and military parades like all that stuff
is stuff Trump would love like I mean to
be fair that's socialism is not bad
right it's socialism that that's a
fascism and that usually those those
statutes go up under autocrats and all
this sort of thing but but but it's a
fair point that that he's clueless as to
what socialism actually is and and and
even you know communism and socialism
are thrown around as as awful terms and
you can say well they're there they're
awful in their purest forms but there
are aspects of socialism that are being
applied with the with with subsidies to
major corporations in this country and
we do we have socialism here but it's
for the rich in in large measure so any
real substantive conversation associated
with socialism you know has to include
that or just recently with farmers
because of Trump's tariffs II decides to
just redistribute money to help make up
for his own platforms here's how I think
he would define socialism at a rally
just to get people riled up he'd say
socialism they're gonna take your money
you're gonna take your hard-earned money
and they're gonna give it to the elites
it's called upward reverse socialism and
it's very dangerous it's a trickle up
it's a glow it's a filling upwards it's
like the Mystery Spot yeah
it was like if I take this coffee and it
was float into the air towards the
elites and America doesn't want that and
that's a
arguments a solid reason argument wealth
you're insane
it gets you applauded look when you look
at these speeches and you should always
keep this in mind I think when we look
at these Trump speeches we should
remember especially coming to decoding
them he speaks in applause lines you
know what I mean he's looking for cheers
so even that line that kind of doesn't
make any sense
you don't want Indiana to become the
next Venezuela do you it's sort of like
no I don't know you know you get you he
gets the response and that sort of
congregation responding him all the time
leads him to say these things that are
frankly pretty absurdist but they do get
a reaction right he realizes that the
first half of his sentence somewhere his
brain doesn't make full sense so he just
goes for a joke in the back half he's
literally it's like they're gonna raid
Medicare for socialism and nobody wants
Lex Luthor to win I also think the fact
that we only have Venezuela to point to
as a sort of failed state is is
indicative of just how afraid the right
is for socialist ideas catching on I
think Venezuela in the United States
couldn't be farther in terms of their
similarities they are so different from
one another
Venezuela is not the United States they
do not have the amount of money that we
have they're not a hegemon they are you
know they end actually and of course yes
the economy is so screwed their people
are you know eating if digging in trash
but last I checked people are also
digging in trash down in downtown LA so
we don't ever talk about the failures of
capitalism we only talk about the
failures of socialism and we say one to
one
the u.s. is Venezuela and it's gonna be
exact same and we're gonna get I hope we
get a Caribbean coast if that is that
you brought that up because they have
this one example of socialism failing
and I think it's not a hypothetical we
can come up with an example of capitals
of leaving millions of people behind of
you know what if you had a system that
for decades wages were entirely stagnant
and in fact you just lost out year after
year due to inflation what if you had a
system of health care where tens of
millions of Americans don't end up with
any health insurance what have you had
that then everybody gets scared in the
crowd and then they look around they
realize they're living in that country
right now that's an example that you can
provide here's one of the bad things for
Donald Trump so he says to the audience
socialism is really bad and they boo
they do boo for now
because for a very long time the only
place that they've heard about socialism
or socialist policies is on fox news
delivered with the keen historical
insight of people like Laura Ingram and
Tucker Carlson and there's been no
counter argument up until now but
unfortunately they screwed up because
they allowed people like Alexandra Casa
de cortes to get elected people who go
on shows like Stephen Colbert in The
Daily Show and talk about economic
dignity and talk about being able to
live a life in accordance with with a
fundamental human dignity at the end
it's overrated I feel like a lot of
times it's nice to go through life like
not being dignified keeps you on your
toes it's just a good thing the other
side it's like it's a good cover most is
overrated you think yes it's over okay I
mean if you can get it sure it's nice
work if you can get it but I'm just
saying is it necessary I live in America
maybe not the kind of cording to Trump I
don't think so I think it's important to
be able just to to push whatever program
you want the the the scariest part about
it is that we just lack any sort of not
only context but just any sort of
measure between what could happen and
what will happen you mentioned one word
and it's as though we're gonna overnight
become something I can't become a
socialist country because you embrace
certain aspects certain positive aspects
of socialist ideas yeah
it doesn't mean tomorrow Americans are
gonna be distributing everybody's wealth
equally across the land that's not what
it's gonna be but the fact that we don't
have any like you said any concept of
what these terms even mean it makes you
be able to say something like they're
gonna raid Medicare which is one of our
closer to socialist programs to pay for
socialism and people root on that side
it's just it's a nonsensical this court
in your brain that I don't if we can't
even have turns somebody know what they
mean there's just no way to have an
intelligence well this term has been
captured for for propaganda right
socialism communism these are these are
terms they can use and it's used in a
propagandists way so that's why they use
socialism they've weaponized socialism
even though as we've said socialism is
used to bail out Wall Street you could
that's a form of socialism right it's a
it and and for the price supports as you
say for those farmers who are suffering
from the trade policies so socialism is
there in
different ways we don't call it
socialism we call it bailouts or
whatever but but there are aspects of
this of this socialism already very well
a part of this economy yeah it's true I
mean if if corporations are now people I
wish we were able to just shame them
like call them welfare queens you know
like they've demonized african-americans
and people on welfare or anyone not just
african-americans all people on welfare
but like we never hear that we need to
shame corporations as people you lazy
bums you know pay your workers fairly
give them health care I don't know how
people yell it you clearly have not
berated the homeless no no I'm not sure
but I believe the Bernie Sanders put
together a video of CEOs where he was
using terms like that in regard to them
those who it who had gotten larger oh
that's great I'm sure maybe somebody can
find it and tweet us about that but I do
want to transition to a related topic
Donald Trump is attempting to convince
you that socialists are coming to raid
Medicare to pay for the apocalypse or
whatever but the funny thing is there
are actually people talking about
cutting Medicaid and Medicare and Social
Security and they're not even hiding it
it's not like you have to sort of route
through all these documents filed
Freedom of Information Act requests
they're just advertising it with
headlines like this so House GOP plan
would cut Medicare Medicaid to balance
budget when you're not gonna see the
dates on these but these span actually
more than six months now this next one
called the tulips tulips here's some
opinion columnist saying they should
scale back Medicare and Social Security
conservatives obviously get very excited
about this top Republicans are already
talking about cutting Medicare and
Social Security next this is after the
the you know ACA and tax battles Paul
Ryan makes it official Republicans are
coming after Medicare next and by the
way if you have the misfortune to have
been paying attention to Paul Ryan for
the course of his life he know his first
words were has been his mission the only
reason why he was ever really sucking on
a teat I mean how good
and breathing away that's a bailout huh
yeah so look that is why he is in
government he was born he read Ayn Rand
and then he came for the social safety
net and that's the story for most
Republican the son in office right now
Arnold's John first summer Danny really
like a year maybe no no that's the
reason people need Medicare when they
get older it's it's sure I mean he just
set them up it's a real that's a real
Ponzi scheme right there just to make
them eat unhealthy fast food and then
yank the health care away when they get
old and sick yeah cool and and and for
Medicaid try to get that program these
people literally all they can afford to
eat is McDonald's then you're gonna say
we're gonna get food is gonna kill you
and we're not gonna take care of you
yeah double whammy
or slamming but at least we're I can
become a chip with socialism and this is
been such an effing coward for this
entire administration and every time
Speaker of the House is look to to stand
up for his party to say that no we don't
side with white supremacist white
supremacy and we don't think that the
neo-nazis marching on the street were
good people or that some were good
people
he's totally silent because this is what
he wants he wants actually cut so-called
entitlements which I think we need to
change the name for because entitlement
is really being able to own more than
one yacht but yeah I mean I don't know
what crawled up Paul Ryan's butt and
died so many years ago whether it was
the sucking on the teat of his mom but
like I feel like 20 years ago 30 years
ago like a homeless guy call them like
hey white boy you got a quarter and he
was like no like that was it it was that
like Paul Ryan turned a person as John
says though you know it's the end rent
thing he really he bought it hook line
and sinker and he's just been pursuing
it and that's his jihad and he's been
waiting for it and now he can begin it
and and manure very much right you know
he's so quiet all through this
administration as far and all of a
sudden he steps forward when it comes to
these programs but there's some the
devil may be in the details here because
I I don't know that they're gonna be
able to get
way with this but you really like so I I
think you think in advance of the
midterms or at all well first of all the
timing to announce in an events the
midterm seems odd to me I mean it is it
you see it as a political win I mean
okay I don't why would you advertise
politics is obviously about more than
one thing in terms of getting votes I
don't think it's a win but it's from
corporate donors I think it could very
much be a win right and that's why you
should donate he's picking and choosing
where he's talking about he's not giving
big policy speeches he's saying in like
fringe conservative radio shows and
that's where he's plugging it in but I
think that we just have to be able to
again have broader conversations and
broader pains about the spectrum of of
what can make success in this country
and realize that it's always gonna be a
combination of factors so like even
mentioning iron Rand like I love mine
Rand I like her art her general way of
looking at the world I disagree with her
when it goes all the way to saying
because people should should have their
sense of self come from within and
should pull themselves up in their own
bootstraps
you should never help people it's where
I think she gets to extremes you can
still help people when they are just
can't bring themselves up when they need
the help so you could still satisfy Paul
Ryan or a conservative philosophy of
let's make sure people have every
ability to take care of themselves only
help them when they need it
make sure there are certain common sense
check so they're not abusing the system
and just please everybody with the find
a way to make the entire country happy
while also having just a safety net
there at a circus you have a net a
safety net under performers just in case
they fall to their death this is
definitely a circus so we didn't into
that sweaty apologize oh yeah no no
we're he's here uh there's something
thank you we gotta take a break or
something doesn't genuine to me though
about the whole like hey it's okay to
like you know I mean I haven't read Iran
but I think that the ideology of
free-market thinking and just like I
think total libertarian like thinking is
actually dis enjoying this ingenuity
because the people who are supporting
Paul Ryan and these powerful Republicans
are big right-wing think tanks they are
private foundations the Bradley
Foundation the Koch brothers and
Americans for Prosperity and so many
other dark money groups and think tanks
in 501 C 4 s or whatever they're going
as now and all they want is tax breaks
that's all they want
they want they don't want to actually
pay their workers fair wages they don't
want them to have anything when they
retire and they but they want again all
the socialism for them don't wanna end
subsidies for oil companies on and
subsidies for farm workers don't
whenever it suits big business they're
all fine for it
yeah and that's sort of what I meant
with like a 9r and Objectivist
philosophy I think it actually is a
really good empowering philosophy on the
individual basis an individual basis you
should be able to realize that like your
your self-worth comes from yourself but
I think when you take it to governmental
policy it doesn't make sense because
there is no such there's no system that
could work in a purely free-market
I heard quite a bit of Ayn Rand I my
principle problem with her so I think
she's genuinely a bad writer who needs
to learn to cut 30% of the prize you got
through one of the books no I've read
all the big ones the more philosophical
ones like the virtue of selfishness and
things like that called the virtue or
selfishness
yes yes I mean obviously you have to
read it to understand what she's getting
out there sure my you know in terms of
like you see you mentioned you know you
have to have checks obviously and you do
and we do so that's that's my issue is
that the reason that Republicans push
things like voter fraud and the needed
drug tests people on welfare is not
because in either of those cases we have
a genuine problem but to cause people to
distrust massive programs regardless of
what is actually going on and they're
very successful at that and again as
with what we were talking about earlier
with with socialism there's no counter
argument there's no you're not
constantly having Democrats go on MSNBC
and say hey did you know that people on
welfare don't actually use drugs at
higher rates than people that aren't on
welfare I don't hear that every night I
don't hear them saying hey did you know
that you're more likely to be struck by
lightning while being bitten by a shark
than actually commit voter fraud in this
country I don't hear that because it's
kind of ridiculous metaphor but you get
what I'm saying now actually happened to
me one time on the way to the polls so
they really were
yeah of course you're right and and I
feel as though what they've done is
they've begun this propaganda war I'm
talking about the right and they got
through the huge tax cut I mean that was
almost done under cover of night it was
done so quickly I mean the ink was not
even literally dry on the page and now
this next I think these are the early
drumbeat so what they're really going to
try to do and they must really be
committed to it because I'm just
astounded by this timing I mean again I
don't think it's gonna be received well
by voters okay so donors will receive it
well but I think this this vote becomes
critical and they can't afford to lose a
lot of votes in some of these places
yeah and it's just I mean the reason
that we did first the Trump thing the
Dems are coming for Medicare and then
all of these Republicans every
influential Republican is pushing for
this they might not be pushing hard
enough to get it done for them the
midterms but that's clearly their goal
is at some point the twenty five percent
to thirty six percent of the country
that is still strong Trump supporters
they have to like doublethink shouldn't
work universally like if you hear isn't
it terrible how they're coming for your
Medicare and then we're coming for your
Medicare at some point shouldn't that
cause you to question this person I
understand you you know you're in that
culture whatever and you like him but I
get why you like him he speaks to one
identity and all of that but in terms of
things like Medicare Medicaid these very
fundamental programs that despite the
way Republicans like to pitch them as
being something that only black and
brown people use we know predominantly
they're going to people like in the
background of his crowds they should
realize that the real villain coming for
those are the Republican politicians
that they've been taught to support
that's the point I wonder if this will
really get done for that reason because
these guys are all cashing those checks
the very checks that they're saying
they're wrong they're exactly older
white people are the ones on Medicare in
large numbers just like the ACA and how
that was folded into the tax cuts like
they I disagree whoever said that like
they're gonna roll it out I don't know I
think this whole thing is like they're
they're not gonna roll this out you
think it'll be more hidden it'll be
absolutely hidden I don't think it's
going to be like this is not like hey
you're gonna get $200 back in
20 years that doesn't there's no nothing
beneficial here so I think they're gonna
keep it under wraps and then again and
this is why I think racial solidarity
and anti racism is so important is that
it's just easy to blame black and brown
people like John you were saying and
that and divide us and move into
tribalism and back to the sort of like
social is a socialist conversation I do
think we are looking at a socialism or
barbarism moment either we go into our
fiefdom Zand our tribes and blame others
for our for our problems and are afraid
of one another and are afraid of voter
fraud and are afraid of you know
undocumented immigrants killing citizens
at unmask and ms-13 and anti feh or we
actually take care of people's needs and
see how that works out
but like this is also I mean a hundred
percent but I think again you're right
with the put the push towards increased
bifurcated tribalism where we keep just
trying to put each other at each other's
throats is such the poison it's it's the
most classic poison that politicians use
to try to just keep all the power and
money for themselves and it's so
frightening that people haven't caught
on to this simple trick yet right I mean
not only are they always dividing us as
liberal and conservative as Democrat
Republican even red and blue they color
code us that's the exact colors of
Bloods and Crips
I mean if they've created it to put us
at each other's throats like maybe we'd
have a more show political discourse if
we rebranded the parties like to peach
and lime green or something I want to be
peach you under date I'll do lime green
and we can be friends okay see what
happens that's for sure I think one of
them used to be green by the way really
yeah it's not green party that's no no
someone wrote an article where it was
when it was standardized but before that
it was actually more berry but that's
so-so aside from the obvious point that
you pointed out that that is it's insane
that you can at the same time at one
side of your mouth say Democrats are
coming for Medicare and then saying
we're actually gonna take your Medicare
as long as the Democrats don't do it
right yeah the problem is when you allow
like you were saying to demonize
programs and the people who are
recipients of it it just so clouds the
actual issue it takes you into a small
instance of abuse of
and makes it as though that's the entire
problem with the system and so if you
can just keep the issue about look we're
all Americans we all have one country
one life one happiness that we're trying
to achieve for ourselves for our
families for our communities and you say
how do we get there we have programs
we've all agreed on that are the law of
the land how can we reform them in
common-sense ways to get rid of abuse
but still help people how can we make
sure the thing that you want the thing
you're cheering not to get rid of
doesn't get taken care of but we just
allow this demonization in our politics
where we are like you said we have we
have fake evil evil doers there's not
even about a target to take off yeah
last word on the others Medicare thing
at least for me would be I think that
it's gonna be very very hard to you know
Medicare was created largely because
people are 65 years of age and older
couldn't get insurance I mean because
insurance companies didn't want to
insure older people who were more prone
to illness
you're gonna that same problem that's
not going away
so again a lot of those people at that
rally fall into that category and I just
don't know and they're there it's
masquerading as well I want to bring
back the free market so that you know
you can shop for your own insurance
company you're gonna you're gonna do
better I mean that's what their that's
what they're talking about already and
the truth is we played that tune already
and nobody could dance to it I mean in
other words we couldn't find insurance
companies that would insure us unless
the the fees were absorbent never went
away like as if the Affordable Care Act
was anywhere near socialized medicine it
was it was that was an insurance company
and then again also it shows how we
can't ever think just one step beyond
because our brains one step beyond
what's just specifically spoken by a
politician to us so the way they also
tried to push through their plan to gut
our entitlement programs are to say well
we won't touch current recipients and
then we think oh we have no ability to
look forward in this country and so we
think people are on or like okay I'm
safe I can support them but we literally
don't think but though I'm gonna be old
soon too yeah it's so important to them
maybe I'm gonna need that when I get
older
Millennials just live on avocado toast
like pictures of corgis it's a healthy
diet
yeah that's helpful that's why your fuel
your soul a little bit yeah the flash
itself that Capri Jen Ryan's we
generalize I think that's a word thank
you it'll work for Sarah Palin so a
generalization could you get ready with
video four cuz I have one other point I
want to make Donald Trump wants to
convince you that the Dems are coming
for Medicare and with the demo RT of ten
years ago perhaps perhaps they would but
things are changing now and the
Republicans the ones talking about
coming after Medicare but how are they
going to actually try to sell the
American people and then how are they
gonna message about the need to cut
these programs that are incredibly
popular well I don't know for sure and
there are a number of politicians we're
gonna do it but we do have some
indication so if we could play video for
you're gonna see Marco Rubio talking
about this the argument would be we
can't cut taxes because it will drive up
the deficit that assumes that somehow we
can fix the deficit through higher taxes
and we can but you also have to bring
spending under control and not
discretionary spending that isn't the
driver of our debt the driver of our
debt is the structure of Social Security
and Medicare and if we did that in
combination with growth you can begin to
bring the trajectory of the debt to a
responsible and acceptable level that is
the only way forward so I view tax
reform as the economic growth component
of it yeah except that it's not so they
always say that and we've noticed that
since that tax bill has passed at this
almost the same rate that its popularity
has gone down the cost estimates of how
much it's gonna end up costing us have
continually went up so a bill that was
that first gonna cost us a trillion
dollars went to 1.3 to 1.5 to 1.8 the
last time I saw and I honestly haven't
checked the numbers in at least a month
or two and what you saw right there is
something that I warned about before the
2016 election which is if we allow them
to take over the White House a Senate in
the house and they pass their big tax
cut bill we are not only screwed in that
they get the tax cuts that they want so
badly but we're screwed foundationally
on virtually every other possible issue
because the deficits and debt caused by
their tax cut bills will be used to
justify the cutting of virtually every
program imaginable and that does not
just stop you know little rinky-dink
programs that cost twenty million here
five billion there it's also Medicare
Medicaid
and Social Security they have now taken
the rug out from under us and although
there are other progressive ways to
balance all of us out while actually
accomplishing for the American people
what they desire they are instead going
to say what what can we do nobody could
have predicted that if you suddenly
don't take in trillions of dollars the
government will lack trillions of
dollars so we have to cut food stamps we
have to take away all that the aid to
the Palestinians if they're gonna be
talking about in the second hour we have
to cut Medicare Medicaid Social Security
all of those but not the unnecessary and
asked for military budget increase
comments exactly are completely wrong
from his opening utterance they were
wrong
so the idea somehow that if you if you
if you if you cut taxes or as you say if
you raise taxes that it will that would
then you could begin to address the debt
that's just that assumes this is what
Robi Rubio said that there's some price
to that some effect on the debt from tax
cuts uh there is an effect on the debt
about from tax cuts you just hear John
John detailing those huge tax cuts those
huge that corporate tax relief and the
richest people in America getting a
break that tax relief is going to cost
us close to two trillion really another
word yeah I just couldn't even follow
his logic there no it's true
but I also think and listen you look at
like how much of your tax dollar goes to
what in the government right and about
thirty roughly 30 percent Sal ittle bit
more or less depending on you know like
how many wars are fighting goes to the
military-industrial complex
current and past and then a huge amount
of our dollar tax ours do go to Social
Security and and Medicare in these kinds
of programs and so from this like very
like you know economic 101 and just look
at a graph like oh my god look Social
Security is huge okay what are we not
then factoring in what do people gain
when they are insured as elderly people
when they are insured as as poor people
right when they are able to have their
medical costs taken care of we
saving and this is how we've done the
numbers the Koch brothers have done the
numbers for us thank you
that actually having an expansion of
Medicare will save the American people
and but you can't see that you don't see
healthy people you only see the crazy
person or the person who's like not well
okay you only see when someone has a
problem or when there is violence in a
community whenever things chill it's
like huh I wonder what were the building
blocks of a nation that created a safe
community you know it wasn't armed
guards you know it was people having an
education and being able to you know go
to the doctor when they need to do so
and having a job right and these are the
things you can't quantify of like oh
here how can I show you that this stable
middle-class family like is being
productive
there's no measurement cuz it's there
they're chilling you know I'm saying
right you can't quantify that right
exactly like what you were saying you
you it's very hard to go on and just
talk about how things are working that's
not a news story so you have you could
only you have to go on there things
aren't working but at the same time it's
again this cognitive dissonance that
keeps being created like take even the
classic example of Sarah Palin
threatening old people with death panels
if Obamacare impacts right saying oh if
you have government health care of
health care fraud they're gonna all of a
sudden then decide who gets what
medicines but then people don't think
again one step further and say but if
you gut the programs entirely
everybody's gonna be on these death
panels because there's not gonna be any
effectively there's not gonna be any
healthcare to be given thanks so you
create a problem here and then don't
realize you're gutting the entire thing
here and then it just falls under it as
well kind of a weird gopher world yeah
last thing I would say is looking their
endgame and I'm talking with the GOP and
game across the board is to privatize
everything so anything that works in
favor of private enterprise they're all
for and they're gonna tell you that it's
more cost-effective but it's just simply
not the insurance money insurance money
is going to be huge money and they're
gonna grab it from us once they get rid
of these programs and and we've we've
seen what private enterprise does that
you can't trust them on the environment
you can't trust them on keeping prices
down for aspirin and a hospital it's but
that's the endgame to privatize
everything yeah when is when is Trump
gonna make Martin shkreli his head of
the FDA don't say okay we do have to
take our first break though when we come
back the attacks are still flying fast
at Alexandra Acosta Cortez
but we've also noticed who isn't being
attacked for some similar thing so we're
gonna show you some some some videos a
few quotes we've as the kids said we've
brought the receipts
after this we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from The Young Turks if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm / join today in the meantime enjoy
this free second welcome back to the
Friday power panel everyone you've sent
in some super chats that I'd like to
read first one from star seven four
three four said hey Jon great job and
your archie appearance Larry King lit
power panel thank you yeah it was always
good to see Larry King we know I want to
hear about that maybe later or another
time as most states are rats how about
Larry King our buckle one two three says
Republicans are using the term socialism
to attack justice Democrats with the
same intellectual dishonesty they use
when they say evolution is just a theory
but you need to drop calling it the
theory of evolution it's half on
everybody enhancing okay let's see and D
Scully says ignorance about civics and
political policy is evident by how many
seconds it takes to shift a political
discussion to economic theories
economics is irrelevant no economic
theory leads to democracy I guess I
agree more with that last part that I
guess the thing that it's irrelevant
it's not irrelevant but yes it's not the
only thing that you need to confine so
now my theories are not other thing to
do with it whether you're a democratic
nation around yes let's see I am Sox's
Trump has declared war on the dictionary
and English language picking up from
where others have declared wars on info
and Gaby Moran were somebody named I am
sock just by the way
he's the language you think your socks
time-suck knew that he was declaring war
Trump never even knew that he was
declared and a Gabby Morita says Trump
is saying the left wants to raid
Medicare to spread socialism as opposed
to raiding Medicare to spread up
trickling tax cuts benefiting people
with more yachts than I'm pretty sure
John owns shoes well that's where you
actually own more shoes than you would
think
and I'm in favor of Medicare for yachts
because sometimes someone's like a let's
of Betsy DeVos yacht go and it gets
banged up who's gonna dr. donor like
yeah yeah bandages right otherwise
yachts go into Murdoch's yeah yeah yeah
great yeah not a lot of people's
downloaded that up yeah but it's that's
quite well I did want to let you know by
the way if you haven't already started
following our podcast network which you
can get anywhere you can get podcasts
including the TYT app which is available
on both iPhone and Android there are new
episodes of We the People with Nina
Turner you can listen to those to be
motivated informed inspired by one of
our nation's top progressive champions
obviously working to help get some of
the best progressive and and justice
Democrats elected around the country you
can check it out at TYT comm slash
podcasts or wherever you get your
podcasts the listen of those now before
we jump back into our topics Ben you
were involved in an incident that went
viral we want to show people is during
one of your stand-up routines we want to
we want to show a little bit of that
video for everyone ladies
who has ever seen a woman in midlife and
she's hot but don't you look more like a
duck we can also be ducks then his wife
neglected the president who's orange and
then minutes later a man came up to me
in the same audience as I was greeting
the crowd after the show and he says to
me you shouldn't talk about the
president like that I loved your act
until then well that cut off yeah we got
a rookie part there what was the key he
says you shouldn't talk about the
president around here you'll end up with
a bullet in the back of your head yeah
you're gonna get a bullet back your head
he said to me and we'd also there was a
segment where I believe a woman was
shouting out to you don't speak about
the Donald
yeah but the clip kind of all of the
pertinent part she didn't mean like the
actual duck because you were going hard
on the duck that's why we like the
president is name is Donald as in Donald
the duck of course and then yes so I
shut her down she was heckling me and
because she wouldn't let me even speak
about the president and said you
couldn't talk about Donald I decided to
triple down and go very hard and this
guy code mean he said you're gonna get a
boat in the back of your head I know a
lot of people walking around here who
have been shot with bullets like people
carrying around here you better watch
yourself and it was just insane to me
how Trump has effectively weaponized his
supporters into trying to squelch any
dissenting thought trying to squelch
free speech and it's the very core of
what our country is so I said to the guy
I don't if that's what has to happen so
be it I'm not gonna stop talking truth
to power I'm not gonna stop criticizing
our political leaders I'm not gonna stop
speaking about the things I believe need
to happen obviously I prefer not to be
shot please don't do that
my god but you and if you guys haven't
seen the video watch Ben's entire just
take down of this woman so brilliantly
and then ends it by like I didn't want
to talk about this and it was but you
did and and it's like listen don't don't
heckle a comic they will come after you
I mean and honestly I think that you as
as a comedian and someone who's in a lot
in clubs and like sees a lot of people
actually shying away from a lot of
material about Trump I think maybe not
because they're scared of being
politically divisive but because you
know you're at a club you and you want
to laugh and this is comedy and as
someone who does a lot of political
comedy I thought that that was brilliant
you didn't back down
and it that's exactly what we should be
doing you did it very well it was funny
by the way the club has cut the river
jokes in there with your life yeah but
you're exactly right it's like every
every weirdo who like didn't have a
platform except for whatever bunker
there they're creating for themselves
and you know was like this tinfoil hat
can wait um you know I'm gonna go to a
trump rally and yeah you know I I hate
to say it because it's it's so offset
but you know you didn't hear Obama
supporters going up to the Ben gleb's of
that time going hey man you better lay
off Obama otherwise you're gonna get you
know I mean you just didn't hear it
there was not even George Bush the
younger George Bush you've got us into
Iraq on under false pretense and all of
that the worst at that time was don't
criticize the president under the
sitting president when were in a state
of war would you'll recall that but you
didn't it didn't quite have the
hostility and the the enmity here is
intense a bullet in the back of the head
its venom it's just directly saying we
will kill you if you continue talking
this way and I was an Obama supporter
but I still did jokes onstage
criticizing about sure things I didn't
like things about his Afghanistan policy
I didn't like and and those jokes would
kill the very premise that trumped the
scariest part of it is that Trump is
becoming effective at what he seven he
says you what you're seeing what you're
hearing is not what's happening when
he's truly in that way the most
Orwellian of leaders he's so trying to
create a trust only in himself and
anybody who descents from what he says
is reality
is an enemy of the people he says that
of the me
yeah obviously that extends entertainers
it extends anybody that is freely trying
to keep our government in check
regardless of party and it's so about
him and he's the one you trust dear
leader and that's why he admires so much
these authoritarian leaders in other
parts of the world
who can just crack down on dissent but
that's not what America is so anyone
who's a trump supporter who remembers
also that more important than Trump is
the country that you love and the
country that you came up in and made you
so patriotic
the whole purpose of that country is to
allow freedoms to allow your freedom of
speech freedom of the press the ability
to assemble the ability to speak truth
to power and if you give that up for
this guy who's just clearly making stuff
up because he wants to be the most
powerful ego on the planet that's a
choice you will really sorely regret I
agree I agree
yeah very chilling effect on free speech
come see my stand-up tour okay Louis and
Santa Barbara after the shows too bad
yeah those in Rosemont Illinois it was
right outside Chicago I wouldn't have
expected I mean there's notice a lot of
violence Tiber is using that political
balance point it's crazy
okay so let's jump back into our stories
and regardless of what we say please
don't shoot us yes thank you yeah okay
Alexandria Castillo Cortez has gotten
under the skin of both right-wingers and
a good number of people who consider
themselves near the center in a way that
few politicians generally do but the way
that she's been attacked so early on in
her career very often to me it just
reeks of a combination of quite a bit of
misogyny a little bit of racism as well
and certainly some hypocrisy which we're
going to talk about on the program today
so first of all Vox did a great write-up
of some of the examples of people just
immediately trying to disqualify her
intellectually because of either
missteps or things they want you to
believe or missteps here are a few quick
examples norm Ornstein says this is a
person not ready for primetime certainly
certainly not ready for Congress which
is news to the majority of our district
that voted for writing at The Daily
Beast Matt Lewis offer the telegenic it
girl of the left some advice you have
the potential for a very bright
don't blow it take your time avoid
overexposure bone upon the issues do the
hard work there's no reason to be in a
rush I don't know if she was the rush
when she was getting her multiple
degrees in economics that's a and also
maybe the reality in a rush is that the
Republic is at risk of crumbling and our
freedoms are an assault every single day
and so it's sort of really huge rush
yeah
that's sure that's true we have one more
in one example where people are saying
you messed up on a policy she apparently
called Obamacare the premium attacks
which it's not which I would actually
argue with but Glenn Kessler wrote this
appears to be an example of not
understanding policy nuances I think
it's an example of people attempting to
pick apart every single word of a woman
who has been interviewed 25,000 times
and she was as since she won her primary
so here's the thing she is a young
socialist Latina woman and it is
possible that our standards for people
like that are a little bit different for
other people who are more typical of the
demographics of elected government which
tend to be white males typically older
now I've been in media long enough to
know that those sorts of people have
said a lot of really stupid stuff and I
have not often seen editorials saying
well you know I think that they have a
chance of really making it someday but
they need to to bone up do the hard work
go back down before running again you
know that condescending sort of say how
old is Charlie Kirk he's like twenty-one
gets on Fox News everything he has never
tweeted something that was accurate
never helped he didn't go to college and
then he uses that as like you know I
didn't go to college that's why I can
speak about you know the middle class
and oh my god the gumption of saying
that she doesn't understand political
nuances and that's why she did slap we
have a president who I don't believe
understand the definition of just the
word nuance itself it's just so
mind-boggling and over very small
mistakes in in so excitement already not
a mistake right so she called the Obama
care premium attacks well exactly in
2012 when the Supreme Court saved
Obamacare for the first time it was
because John Roberts joined the majority
opinion that in fact that the penalty if
you don't get the don't pay the premium
is classified as a tax
that's what saved it that's the way the
lots so we're talking about a tiny shift
is such a it's such anyone's that yeah
that I never hear politicians speak with
that little accuracy on this right I
mean with a Oh see I really feel like
you know haters gonna hate this is
absolutely a case of haters gonna hate
and they're jealous and they're jealous
that they want they had no idea who she
was that they didn't think she was gonna
win and that it's totally a finger in
the eye of you know a more establishment
whether left or right but establishment
politicians and I think it's also
they're trying to knock her down right
they're trying to undercut her
credibility and that's something that's
important because she is out there doing
a lot of media it's very hard to get
media heat around some of these
socialist ideas that she has you know
openly socialist ideas that she has
around some of these progressive ideas
that she has that may have nothing to do
with socialism at the point I'm making
is that she's smart to take this moment
she's smart to grab the limelight it's
very hard to get oxygen she's finally
got some and they want to undercut her
crush the fact that so many people have
jumped on and want her interview isn't
that because she's telegenic I mean look
at Sanders like Logan Sanders we've
talked about I mean he couldn't get on
to these shows when he started his race
also but like you know and his unkempt
hair and all this and people love him
anyway but I disagree I think I'm a very
beautiful man I don't know what are you
talking about but I do think it's like
they they the reason that so many people
are interviewing her and it's it's not
this like Fame hoary celebrity stuff
it's because her ideas people are
thirsty for her ideas and and they're
surprised and inspired because of so
many people being uninspired by feeling
like well I guess I got a vote for the
DEM and there's no other option the sort
of centrist dem that's been there
forever and I don't I'm not inspired by
politics and Wow
you know so I think that's why comment a
little bit more I do want to give a
counterpoint because while she does have
great ideas unfortunately she made a
mistake or two so she's done she's done
but it's odd because other politicians
have made mistakes as well or said
things that were dumb or crazy or
ignorant and they were not fully
disqualified I'd like to first go to a
senator
we're not talking about a congressman
here is a senator and here is his
argument against the theory of climate
change in case we have forgotten because
we keep hearing that 2014 has been the
warmest year on record I asked the chair
you know what this is it's a snowball
and that just from outside here so it's
very very cold out very unseasonal so
mr. president catch this mm-hmm
you're just qualified go back down to
the the bush leagues and maybe someday
you can come back if we could bring up
this next graphic you're gonna see
congressional candidate Sarah Smith
pointing out great quote from
represented mo Brooks where he makes the
argument that it's not climate change
that's gonna lead to the ocean level
rising it's that soil and rock comes out
of the creeks and the streams and that
raises up the level of all of the oceans
across the entirety of the earth so mo
Brooks disqualified back in the day
George W Bush said this it's not like
strictly speaking wrong but it is stupid
enough that he should be disqualified
you worked three jobs uniquely American
isn't it I mean that is fantastic that
you're doing that he said that to a
divorced mother of three and look we
could go through a hundred examples of
this dan quayle back in the day said the
Holocaust was an abscess obscene period
in our nation's history I mean in this
century's history but we all lived in
this century I didn't live in this edge
on the ground I'm not sure if he did
live in the sense he made me one of
those fictional characters we were
talking about earlier yeah Dan Quayle
but despite the incredible irrefutable
proof that Inhofe there showed that if
you can find the snowball
global warming's not real I think it's
hard to counter argue that snow still
exists and so trooll and it's not
warming check but I think there's
something much more sinister at the at
the at the base of just some of the
sense of why people are so hard trying
to take down Cortes AOC as you call it
and it's no I don't think it's a
coincidence that she's a Latina woman
and so much of what the Trump
administration has been trying to
demonize is Latino people and I think
that's why it is so dangerous of a
moment but also so important and hopeful
moment in our nation's history right now
that just two months away is the midterm
elections and it is a defining moment
for really which course our nation's
gonna take and I think it's such an
opportunity that we need to really rally
so much harder like James Comey tweeted
as a lifelong Republican he thinks
everybody has to vote Democratic in this
midterm election just to save the
republic not because a party or platform
but because the Republicans and Congress
have abdicated their duty to put a check
on this president who is undermining all
of our norms all of our institutions all
of our values and so regardless of what
your political stance is this is a time
where you have to decide is America the
country we all believe it is the words
it is and our founding documents which
are that of embracing all people on the
Statue of Liberty taking your huddled
masses who are yearning to be free to
come to America or do you want to become
a country that is now again in its at
codifying racism codifying classism
codifying only allowing white people to
continue to climb what American do you
want that's what has to be decided in
two months and I think we're even
fighting hard enough to flip the Senate
oh it's a hard path to flip the Senate
easier to flip Congress well people have
had to fight revolutionary wars Civil
War's for the values of our country all
we have to do is flip a couple of seats
in the Senate not a few doors yeah let's
just flip both houses let's not just
have an impeachment that can then
embarrass Trump lets impeachment and
removal from office we need both houses
for the future of the values of our
country not about politics right now
it's about who we are I think we should
end at that point that's very good point
we're gonna take our last break of this
hour but when we come back Bank of
America suddenly very interested in your
documents I'm funny normally it'll be
funny after this
