Donald Trump is attempting to convince
you that socialists are coming to raid
Medicare to pay for the apocalypse or
whatever but the funny thing is there
are actually people talking about
cutting Medicaid and Medicare and Social
Security and they're not even hiding it
it's not like you have to sort of route
through all these documents filed
Freedom of Information Act requests
they're just advertising it with
headlines like this so House GOP plan
would cut Medicare Medicaid to balanced
budget well you're not gonna see the
dates on these but these span actually
more than six months
this next one close the tulips tulips
here's some opinion columnist saying
they should scale back Medicare and
Social Security conservatives obviously
get very excited about this top
Republicans are already talking about
cutting Medicare and Social Security
next this is after that the you know ACA
and tax battles Paul Ryan makes it
official Republicans are coming after
Medicare next and by the way if you have
the misfortune to have been paying
attention to Paul Ryan through the
course of his life he know his first
words were has been his mission the only
reason why he was ever really sucking on
a teat I mean how yeah so look that is
why he is in government he was born he
read Ayn Rand and then he came for the
social safety net and that's the story
for most Republican to son in office
right now Donald John first summer
did he really like a year maybe no
reason people need Medicare when they
get older it's it's sure I mean he just
he set them up it's a real that's a real
Ponzi scheme right there just make them
eat unhealthy fast food and then yank
the health care away when they get old
and sick yeah cool and and and for
Medicaid try to get that program these
people literally all they can afford to
eat is McDonald's then you're gonna say
we're gonna get food is gonna kill you
and we're not gonna take care of you
yeah double whammy or slamming but Lisa
where I can become at chip with
socialism and this is what has been such
an effing coward for this entire
administration and every time Speaker of
the House is look to to stand up for
his party to say but no we don't side
with white supremacist white supremacy
and we don't think that the neo-nazis
marching on the street were good people
or that some were good people
he's totally silent because this is what
he wants he wants to actually cut
so-called entitlements which I think we
need to change the name for because
entitlement is really being able to own
more than one yacht but yeah I mean I
don't know what crawled up Paul Ryan's
butt and died so many years ago whether
it was the sucking on the teat of his
mom but like I feel like 20 years ago 30
years ago like a homeless guy call them
like hey white boy you got a quarter and
he was like no like that was it it was
that like Paul Ryan turned
as John says though you know it's the
end rent thing he really he bought it
hook line and sinker and he's just been
pursuing it and that's his jihad and
he's been waiting for it and now he can
begin it and and manure very much right
you know he's so quiet
all through this administration thus far
and all of a sudden he steps forward
when it comes to these programs but
there's some the devil may be in the
details here because III don't know that
they're gonna be able to get away with
this but you're really like so I I think
you think in advance of the midterms or
at all well first of all the timing to
announce in an events the midterm seems
odd to me I mean it is it you see it as
a political win I mean okay I don't why
would you advertise these politics is
obviously about more than one thing in
terms of getting votes I don't think
it's a win but it's from corporate
donors I think it could very much be a
win right and that's why you should own
eight he's picking and choosing where
he's talking about he's not giving big
policy speeches he's saying in like
fringe conservative radio shows and
that's where he's plugging it in but I
think that we just have to be able to
again have broader conversations and
broader pains about the spectrum of of
what can make success in this country
and realize that it's always gonna be a
combination of factors so like even
mentioning iron Rand like I love iron
Rand I like hurt her general way of
looking at the world I disagree with her
when it goes all the way to saying
because people should should have their
sense of self come from within and
should pull themselves up in their own
boots
you should never help people it's where
I think she gets to extremes you can
still help people when they are just
can't bring themselves up when they need
the help so you could still satisfy Paul
Ryan or a conservative philosophy of
let's make sure people have every
ability to take care of themselves only
help them when they need it
make sure there are certain common sense
check so they're not abusing the system
and just please everybody with the find
a way to make the entire country happy
while also having just a safety net
there at a circus you have a net a
safety net under performers just in case
they fall to their death this is
definitely a circus so we didn't into
that sweaty apologize oh yeah no no
we're he's here uh there's something
thank you or something doesn't genuine
to me though about the whole like hey
it's okay to like you know I mean I've
read Iran but I think that the ideology
of free-market thinking and just like I
think total libertarian like thinking is
actually dis enjoying this ingenuity cuz
the people who are supporting Paul Ryan
and these powerful Republicans are big
right-wing think tanks they are private
foundations the Bradley Foundation the
Koch brothers and the Americans for
Prosperity and so many other dark money
groups and think tanks in 501 C 4 s or
whatever they're going as now and all
they want it's tax breaks that's all
they want they want they don't want to
actually pay their workers fair wages
they don't want them to have anything
when they retire and they what they want
again all the socialism for them don't
wanna end subsidies for oil companies on
and subsidies for farm workers don't
whenever it suits big business they're
all fine for it yeah and that's what
sort of what I meant with like an iron
Rand Objectivist philosophy I think it
actually is a really good empowering
philosophy on an individual basis an
individual basis you should be able to
realize that like your your self-worth
comes from yourself but I think when you
take it to governmental policy it
doesn't make sense because there is no
such there's no system that can work in
a purely free-market I I've heard quite
a bit of Ayn Rand I my principle problem
with her is that I think she's a
genuinely a bad writer who needs to
learn to cut 30% of Jesus prize you got
through one of the books no I've read
all the big ones
the more philosophical ones like the
virtue of selfishness and things like
that called the virtue of selfishness
yes yes I mean obviously you have to
read it to understand what she's getting
out there sure my you know is in terms
of like you see you mentioned you know
you have to have checks obviously and
you do and we do so that's that's my
issue is that the reason that
Republicans push things like voter fraud
and the needed drug tests people on
welfare is not because in either of
those cases we have a genuine problem
but to cause people to distrust massive
programs regardless of what is actually
going on and they're very successful at
that and again as with what we were
talking about earlier with with
socialism there's no counter argument
there's no you're not constantly having
democrats go on MSNBC and say hey did
you know that people on welfare don't
actually use drugs at higher rates than
people that aren't on welfare i don't
hear that every night i don't hear them
saying hey did you know that you're more
likely to be struck by lightning while
being bitten by a shark than actually
commit voter fraud in this country i
don't hear that because it's kind of
ridiculous metaphor but you get what i'm
saying
now actually happened to me one time on
the way to the polls so yeah of course
you're right and and i feel as though
what they've done is they've begun this
propaganda war i'm talking about the
right and they got through the huge tax
cut i mean that was almost done under
cover of night it was done so quickly I
mean the ink was not even literally dry
on the page and now this next I think
these are the early drumbeat so what
they're really going to try to do and
they must really be committed to it
because I'm just astounded by this
timing I mean again I don't think it's
gonna be received well by voters okay so
donors will receive it well but I think
this this vote becomes critical and they
can't afford to lose a lot of votes in
some of these places yeah and it's just
I mean the reason that we did first the
Trump thing the Dems are coming for
Medicare and then all of these
Republicans every influential Republican
is pushing for this they might not be
pushing hard enough to get it done for
them the midterms but that's clearly
their goal is at some point the twenty
five percent to thirty six percent of
the country that is still strong Trump
supporters they have to like doublethink
shouldn't work universally like if you
hear isn't it terrible how they're
coming for your Medicare and then we're
coming for your Medicare at some
shouldn't that cause you to question
this person I understand you know you're
in that culture whatever and you like it
but I get why you like him he speaks to
what identity and all of that but in
terms of things like Medicare Medicaid
these very fundamental programs that
despite the way Republicans like to
pitch them as being something that only
black and brown people use we know
predominantly they're going to people
like in the background of his crowds
they should realize that the real
villain coming for those are the
Republican politicians that they've been
taught to support that's the point
I wonder if this will really get done
for that reason because these guys are
all cashing those checks the very checks
that they're saying they're not gonna be
there exactly older white people are the
ones on Medicare in large numbers just
like the ACA and how that was folded
into the tax cuts like they I disagree
whoever said that like they're gonna
roll it out I don't know I think this
whole thing is like they're they're not
gonna roll this out I think it'll be
more hidden it'll be absolutely hidden I
don't think it's going to be like this
not like hey you're gonna get $200 back
in 20 years that doesn't there's no
nothing beneficial here so I think
they're gonna keep it under wraps and
then again and this is why I think
racial solidarity and anti racism is so
important is that it's just easy to
blame black and brown people like John
you were saying and that and divide us
and move into tribalism and back to the
sort of like social is a socialist
conversation I do think we are looking
at a socialism or barbarism moment
either we go into our fiefdom x' and our
tribes and blame others for our for our
problems and are afraid of one another
and are afraid of voter fraud and are
afraid of you know undocumented
immigrants killing citizens at unmask
and ms-13 and anti feh or we actually
take care of people's needs and see how
that works out but like this is also I
mean a hundred percent but I think again
you're right with the put the push
towards increased bifurcated tribalism
where we keep just trying to put each
other at each other's throats is such
the poison it's it's the most classic
poison that politicians use to try to
just keep all the power and money for
themselves and it's so frightening that
people haven't caught on to the simple
not only are they always dividing us as
liberal and conservative as Democrat
Republican even red and blue they color
code us that's the exact colors of
Bloods and Cripps
I mean if they've created it to put us
at each other's throats like maybe we'd
have a more show political discourse if
we rebranded the parties like peach and
lime green or something I want to be
peach you under date I'll do lime green
and we can be friends okay see what
happens that's for sure I think one of
them used to be green by the way really
yeah it's not green party yes no no
someone wrote an article where it was
when it was standardized but before that
it was actually more berry but that's so
so aside from the obvious point that you
pointed out that that is it's insane
that you can at the same time at one
side of your mouth say Democrats are
coming for Medicare and then saying
we're actually gonna take your Medicare
as long as the Democrats don't do it
right yeah the problem is when you allow
like you were saying to demonize
programs and the people who are
recipients of it it's just so clouds the
actual issue it takes you into a small
instance of abuse of a program and makes
it as though that's the entire problem
with the system and so if you can just
keep the issue about look we're all
Americans we all have one country one
life one happiness that we're trying to
achieve for ourselves for our families
for our communities and you say how do
we get there we have programs we've all
agreed on that are the law of the land
how can we reform them in common-sense
ways to get rid of abuse but still help
people how can we make sure the thing
that you want the thing you're cheering
not to get rid of doesn't get taken care
of but we just allow this demonization
in our politics where we are like you
said we have we have fake evil evildoers
that we're gonna fight
there's not even about a target to take
off yeah last word on the others
Medicare thing at least for me would be
I think that it's going to be very very
hard to you know Medicare was created
largely because people are 65 years of
age and older couldn't get insurance I
mean because insurance companies didn't
want to insure older people who were
more prone to illness you're gonna have
that same problem that's not going away
so again a lot of those people at that
rally fall into that category and I just
don't know and they're there it's
masquerading as well we want to bring
back the free market so that you know
you can shop for your own insurance
company you're going
you're gonna do better I mean that's
what they're that's what they're talking
about already and the truth is we played
that tune already and nobody could dance
to it I mean in other words we couldn't
find insurance companies that would
insure us unless the the fees were
absorbent it ever went away like as if
the Affordable Care Act was anywhere
near socialized medicine it was it was
that was an insurance company and then
again also it shows how we can't ever
think just one step beyond because our
brains one step beyond what's just
specifically spoken by a politician to
us so the way they also try to push
through their plan to gut our
entitlement programs are to say well we
won't touch current recipients and then
we think oh we have no ability to look
forward in this country and so we think
people are on or like okay I'm safe I
can support them but we literally don't
think but though I'm gonna be old soon
too yeah it's so important to them maybe
I'm gonna need that when I get older
Millennials just live on avocado toast I
like pictures of corgis it's a healthy
diet
yeah that's healthier that's peculiar
fuel your soul a little bit yeah the
flashing selfie I get regen Ryan's
Regenerist I think that's a word thank
you it'll work for Sarah Palin two easy
ways following Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
