then you were involved in an incident
that went viral we want to show people
this during one of your stand-up
routines we want to we want to show a
little bit of that video from everyone
ladies what is with the Douglas who was
ever seen a woman and be like yeah she's
hot but don't you look more like a duck
we can also be ducks I think his wife
neglected the president is orange and
then minutes later a man came up to me
in the same audience as I was greeting
the crowd after the show and he says to
me you shouldn't talk about the
president like that I loved your act
until they well that cut off yeah we got
a Ricky part there what was the key
doesn't he says you shouldn't talk about
the president around here you'll end up
with a bullet in the back of your head
yeah you're gonna get a bullet in my kit
he said to me and we'd also there was a
segment where I believe a woman was
shouting out to you don't speak about
the Donald yet the clip kind of all of
the pertinent part she didn't mean like
the actual duck because you were going
hard on the guns like that that's why we
like the president's name is Donald as
in Donald the duck of course and then
yes so I shut her down she was heckling
me and because she wouldn't let me even
speak about the president and said you
couldn't talk about the Donald I decided
to triple down and go very hard and this
guy commode mean he said you're gonna
get a boat in the back of your head I
know a lot of people walking around here
who have been shot with bullets like
people carrying around here you better
watch yourself and it was just insane to
me how Trump has effectively weaponized
his supporters into trying to squelch
any dissenting thought trying to squelch
free speech and it's the very core of
what our country is so I said to the guy
I don't if that's what has to happen so
be it I'm not gonna stop talking truth
to power I'm not gonna stop criticizing
our political leaders I'm not gonna stop
speaking about the things I believe need
to happen obviously I'd prefer not to be
shot please don't do that my god but you
and if you guys haven't seen the video
watch Ben's entire just take down of
this woman so brilliantly and then ends
it by like I didn't want to talk about
this and it was but you did and it's
like listen don't don't heckle a comic
they will come after you and I mean and
honestly I think that you as as a
comedian and someone who's in a lot in
clubs and like sees a lot of people
actually shying away from
of material about Trump I think maybe
not because they're scared of being
politically divisive but because you
know you're at a club you and you want
to laugh and this is comedy and as
someone who does a lot of political
comedy I thought that that was brilliant
you didn't back down and it that's
exactly what we should be doing you did
it very well it was funny how do you
think it's by the way the Clippers cut
the river jokes in there with your life
yeah um but you're exactly right it's
like every every weirdo who like didn't
have a platform except for whatever
bunker there they're creating for
themselves and you know was like this
tinfoil hat can wait you know I'm gonna
go to a trump rally and yeah you know I
I hate to say it because it's it's so
off said but you know you didn't hear
Obama supporters going up to the Ben
gleb's of that time going hey man you
better lay off Obama otherwise you're
gonna get you know I mean you just
didn't hear it there was not even George
Bush the younger George Bush you've got
us into Iraq on under false pretense and
all of that the worst at that time was
don't criticize the president under the
sitting president when were in a state
of war would you'll recall that but you
didn't it didn't quite have the
hostility and the the enmity here is
intense bull in the back venom it's just
directly saying we will kill you if you
continue talking this way and I was an
Obama supporter but I still did jokes
onstage criticizing a bomb or things I
didn't like things about his Afghanistan
policy I didn't like and and those jokes
would kill the very premise that Trump
the scariest part of it is that Trump is
becoming effective at what he said when
he says you what you're seeing and what
you're hearing is not what's happening
when he's truly in that way the most
Orwellian of leaders he's so trying to
create a trust only in himself and
anybody who descents from what he says
his reality is an enemy of the people he
says that of the media obviously that
extends to entertainers it extends
anybody that is freely trying to keep
our government in check regardless of
party and it's so about him and he's the
one you trust dear leader that's why he
Myers so much these authoritarian
leaders in other parts of the world who
can just crack down on dissent but
that's not what America is so anyone
who's a trump supporter who remembers
also that more important than Trump is
the country that you loves and the
country that you came up into made you
sub patriotic
the whole purpose of that country is to
allow freedoms to allow your freedom of
speech freedom of the press the ability
to assemble the ability to speak truth
to power and if you give that up for
this guy who's just clearly making stuff
up because he wants to be the most
powerful ego on the planet that's a
choice you will really sorely regret two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
