what's going on guys ass on piker and
we're unveiling a new segment right now
where I get to interview some of my
favorite artists some creatives some
brilliant people and talk to them about
political and social issues specifically
for the first episode we brought in
Chromeo the funk legend from Canada we
talked about Canadian socialism and even
the good dr. Jordan Peterson and much
more
so check out in studio with Chromeo now
what's going on everybody we have a
really special episode today we have the
Montreal Funk legends Dave one Mac
Levitch and Patrick Peetha game IO the
duo that is also more popularly known as
Chromeo here in the studio we're gonna
talk about a variety of different things
identity background Canadian socialism
Canadian doctors that are very famous on
the Internet it's gonna be an awesome
show let's get started immediately I'm
very excited I'm a huge fan of you guys
and also we have a lot of mutual friends
and and and followers on on Twitter and
that Twitter verse and what did you call
it the woke Twitterati yes earlier yeah
what do you what do you who do you think
brought people together because I think
I want to give a little platforming here
too yeah she was like a good like about
almost 10 years ago I started following
her and then to her
technically 10 years ago I think she was
like probably 16 if she if she was still
like future casting or trend-setting at
the age of 16 which maybe I don't know
yeah but still she's a genius like she's
like a underground undercover genius I
think it's she's awesome
um but yeah everybody kind of knows one
another it's it's probably like an Tifa
socialist propaganda I assume we all get
together and we think of different ways
to own conservatives just kidding but
let's talk about your background so you
want to start off Dave just to give us a
little briefer cuz yep as you can see
their fashion icons their their music
legends and we're lucky to have him in
the studio but you know we're lucky to
be here we wanted to be here um I am
born in Montreal Canada
my mother is born and raised in Morocco
she's a
Moroccan Jew she emigrated to Canada in
the 60s
my father is born in Montreal his
family's from Eastern Europe grandma's
from Poland and that kind of the old
world and yeah I mean a Moroccan Safari
and an Ashkenazi Jew marrying in those
days was very controversial it was like
consider actually considered an interim
and interracial marriage so it's crazy
it's like the stuff my grandparents used
to say to each other but and we grew up
in a french-speaking household at a time
where the fight for Quebec independence
were sort of had a very xenophobic
undertones so already there was some
weird identity stuff growing up but yeah
so that's my background
IUP so I'm born in Lebanon Beirut
Lebanon during the civil war that had
started in 75 and my father is Lebanese
my mother is Egyptian Italian living in
Christian right be Lebanese Maronites
yes yeah so I grew up there most of my
childhood until six seven years old
moved to Egypt for two years with my
grandparents to get away from from the
war that was the first step and then we
moved to Canada when I was about 8 years
old how did you guys meet we met at a
French lycée where a lot of in Montreal
where a lot of people from former French
colonies send their kids to because they
have sort of a distrust yeah French kid
French Canadian system and language
basics mostly about the language the
accent because the the local you know
french-canadian accent is kind of like
alienating to these people who grew up
speaking you know post-colonial French
yeah they send their kids to a French
lis safe where it's all French
professors and the French commercial
yeah because but also me as a Lebanese
kid I would go to French school in
Lebanon that's how I started and for me
for me and my parents had just made more
sense the configuration continued
so you guys come from this this crazy
melting pot of identity and background
and and you guys grow up a little
political right I feel like and and
let's so you're what's your how would
you describe what your political
identity is if you don't mind me asking
my dad I come from a pretty overtly
political family my dad is a linguist
and he studied chomskyan linguistics in
the 70 incredible so in that time you
know obviously for my parents growing up
you know Foucault on the French side and
Chomsky on the anglo-saxon side those
were just like sort of there were heroes
those were their idols and when you were
a linguist and you were doing chomskyan
linguistics naturally you would follow
Chomsky in politics as well so I guess I
grew up in an openly socialist family
the word socialism was never tarnished
and growing up for us partly because we
lived in Canada as well and Canada has a
Socialist Party but the NDP in Canada is
actually it's officially a Socialist
Party and to make things even more
complicated Quebec which is like our
province right so the Quebec separatist
party also build itself a Socialist
Party because of the like xenophobic
undertones we had like ambivalence
towards it because we were French like
this the thing between Patrick and I
that's in common one of the many things
that are in common is we identify as
French Canadians but when we were both
growing up there was tremendous
xenophobia associated with the
french-canadian nationalists independent
issed movement so we didn't know where
to belong kind of right yeah I mean also
as an immigrant you don't quite know
where you belong when you you know you
move into a country and just like okay
which kids do I hang out with yeah who's
gonna take me in and all of a sudden
that's how that's sort of how you form
your identity coming you know coming
into Canada at 8 years old you're just
like okay I guess I'm gonna listen to
hip-hop because this is you know what I
identify with
we're what did you guys like in the
realm of hip-hop oh but before we get to
that actually what would you describe
your political
stanza my families I mean going through
a war the stances are a bit different
yeah oh you look at politics in a
different way and it's much less scholar
and it's more like I call it good
politics yeah so my grandfather was I
was a guy I don't like this guy I think
he's a bad guy
no gut politics because they've seen so
much stuff and so much corruption and so
much that there's a point where you kind
of lose the scholar aspect the academic
the academic aspect of politics and
you're just like man like I've seen bout
bad people on both sides so now I'm just
gonna trust my instincts but you also
from a very he's from a very prestigious
political family yeah and Lebanon Jame
oh oh yeah so okay basically my two of
the the Kennedys of Lebanon basically or
the Jame olds like I'm glad you guys
survived don't like the Kennedys yeah
the movie Walton waltz with bashir
watching with Bashir it's like oh that's
a failure that's about your great uncle
it's my cousin my father is second or
third degree cousin oh yeah so but on
top even even then you know those
politics were run just gut instinct like
proxy politics yeah the whole Middle
East it's like a microcosm of all the
proxy little so many different factions
so many religions it's more about yeah
there's like 17 different religions
represented in the Lebanese you know how
so you have to learn more about
coexistence than actual politics yeah
and then you throw in the history of
colonialism and then you have Africa but
um let's move on to music a little bit
because you guys are obviously musicians
so what was your what were your
influences
as far as music we were hip-hop kids and
we met in high school and that had that
French lycée and then we discovered like
funk music together which to us was like
the archeology of hip-hop because it had
all the samples yes literally how we in
our generation how we discovered it so
it that's how we kind of became
fascinated by funk music cuz it felt
like the archeology of hip-hop music and
we became funk nerds and eventually
through different projects and so on we
started Chromeo at a time where we felt
like we were sort of like rehabilitating
this 80s music that most people thought
was just tacky and funny and it took us
a while to kind of almost give it
credence because people thought we were
being ironic and you know we write that
fine line whereas our music has a pretty
heavy sense of humor and but it's also
very self-aware but it's also very very
earnest and are honest we're two music
fans fanatics we just want it you know
we kind of came up under the beastie
boys where you could be you could be
self-aware funny serious credible and
satirical and also rap about cheese but
also be taken seriously and have like
the most cred in all of in the respect
you know so we always kind of wanted to
write that ambiguous line and here we
are 15 years later it's almost yeah all
right well now I want to make a heart
pivot from music to something that's
been going on because we talked a little
bit on the phone about this like one of
the the more pressing issues that at
least boggles my mind is the treatment
of Palestinians in the hands of the
Israeli state basically currently a
sovereign state in the in the Gaza
region and there's an open-air prison it
seems like it's an open-air prison and I
wanted to hear your backgrounds as as
people who are from a Jewish from Jewish
faith and a Jewish upbringing in Canada
like what you potentially think about
what's going on there I I I couldn't
disagree and disassociate more with
Netanyahu's Israel I am staunchly in
solidarity with the Palestinian struggle
and I'm very vocal about it on social
media for me as a Jew it's important to
show that there are moderate Jews who
are not scientists and who actually
believe even more philosophically
there's a philosopher called George
Steiner a French philosopher called
George Steiner who believes that like
sort of like the metaphysical destiny of
Jewish people is forever to be Wanderers
and that even question of a homeland for
Jews is problematic and maybe not
necessary that might offend some of my
family who lives in Israel OPM write me
on instagram with a visit
in Israel but I have really constructive
conversations with them I think for me
you know as a very very very very
left-leaning Jew first of all a
religious state and we can talk about
that with Turkey as well yeah right a
religious state doesn't make any sense
to me for sure right so then already
that Israel's a problem and and
obviously the occupation the progressive
occupation of Palestine the blockades
checkpoints more importantly the
settlements to me are just like their
infringement saan on on human rights and
on on on any kind of like moral and
political conduct that I stand for so
that's where I am yeah and that area
suppose again
almost similar to Lebanon it's supposed
to be symbiosis of different cultures
different religious backgrounds yeah
well the difference is is that it wasn't
a natural
symbiosis yeah Lebanon was not
constructed Lebanon came around the
Christians have been there since Jesus
Christ
yeah and so we're the Muslims or the
Druze is so were you know the 17
different communities in Lebanon they
grew up together instead of being
implanted moved others aside 15 17 years
ago and then have they've never had to
deal with such a hard rupture like and
my mom being from Morocco in Morocco
same in Morocco it's like Jews and Arabs
lived in harmony you know my mother
speaks Arabic her family growing up was
extremely imbued with Arabic traditions
and
there's I guess both our parents come
from countries where there was more of a
syncretism and like kind of a
coexistence of cultures you know so
obviously the clashes that we see in
Israel are very hard for us to accept
yeah I mean we're feeling we're a bunch
of globalists here so I mean that's
that's where I'm at at least like I I
grew up in Turkey which is which is the
offshoot of an imperialist power
obviously the Ottoman Empire but I grew
up with not really understanding hard
lines a surrounding identity is we don't
necessarily have that it's definitely
more of a homogenous homogenous a the
look of how do I describe this it's it's
definitely a melting pot that has been
rather successful obviously there's
still oppressed minorities within Turkey
like the Kurds but most of us think
identify as Turkish exam for they
identify yes and there's no colorism
either which is very interesting and I
think that colorism is largely an aspect
of of Western influence or
colonialization in these in these areas
like Latin America and in Africa so we
don't have any of that so I can dream
and I'm assuming just like you guys can
dream of a future where these two you
know these two sects can live peacefully
and coexist but currently you briefly
mentioned Netanyahu I think with under
Netanyahu Israel stance has become
increasingly more militant and I like
there's a problem that yeah and I think
that's a problem that extends far beyond
just Netanyahu now I mean all of the
people that Netanyahu is appointed into
positions of power are also war hawks
and they are also militant and then on
top of that there's a more conservative
there's a more vocal nationalistic
conservative right wing that's coming
into power and I fear that in the
aftermath of Netanyahu who may or may
not go to prison for corruption we might
have a an increasingly more militant
Israel yeah there's there's a there's a
New Yorker piece that came out a couple
of years ago about that and what's
disturbing about is that
there's a generational turnover in
Israel where you have basically people
who grew up without the idea and the
ideal of peace as something in the
horizon if you're in your 20s right now
that was never even in the cards you
grew up with the Intifada you know and
so it's not even like a distant dream
whereas people you know of our parents
generation they remember they have this
kind of golden idealistic golden era of
Middle Eastern politics that they can
sort of dream of going back to somehow
or reviving somehow but if you're too
young to remember that I mean I I never
knew that but non not at war I've never
seen that country not at war so I kind
of identify with these kids growing up
in Israel and not having ever seen it at
peace you know and it's it's yeah it's
harder for them to imagine any kind of
solution um so but let's talk about
potentially America's involvement and
influence over what's happening there as
well I mean because we've seen over the
past I would say decade that I've lived
here because I've only been living in
America for the past eight years almost
ten years so we all face the same
criticism right because when people want
to when there's pushback against us
speaking out it's always like well
you're not from here yeah you've only
been here for ten years what are you
talking about yeah it's the same boat as
us for exactly and well you guys are
also like you French accents you're
you're written off immediately at least
I don't have access so people people are
it people at first like wait a minute
Hasan that doesn't sound doesn't sound
like what you look like about that but
yeah usually I yeah it's like go back to
your country you know white power that's
sort of basic stuff but what I was gonna
say is um the American in the American
involvement in what's happening in
Israel has also been significant the
reason why I want to talk about that is
because are you guys familiar with
Ocasio Cortes yes so first let's talk
about her victory and potentially
socialism having a resurgence in America
and like socialist principles not just
not necessarily like full-tilt commie
is amiss someone me not at all our
people not a thing yaffle till come is
yeah but in America especially because
the Red Scare like people can't
differentiate between socialist
principles and mixed economy and and
like full-tilt authoritarian
totalitarian communism where ironically
north of the border there's an example I
know of a functional social democracy
yeah actually you know what before we
even talk about Cortes I actually want
to ask you guys something because I've
seen a lot of like everyone I meet from
Canada is usually super nice I know
that's a stereotype but it's like it's
kind of AI for me and for a lot of
Americans it's like kind of true where
everyone is very polite in comparison to
Americans right I don't know if that
means they're nice but they're
definitely more polite especially more
polite than like people from New York
what I was gonna say is but then there's
always the other side of things where
they're they have like really fascist
leaning political commentators that are
they're just I feel like it's a hotbed
for that Stephen Harper before you know
before Peter Peterson City for trial
Stephen Harper Hugh yeah he was our
nightmare yeah and then you have meaning
of pundits like but I'm talking like
white nationalist homegirls um Lauren
southern I think faith Goldie's from
Canada as well these are all like people
who originally propped up as like
libertarians yeah American libertarians
even though they were Canadian and then
they decided like you know screw the
whole libertarian thing we're fascists
now really that's the case for a lot of
people who used the term libertarian
yeah that terms a slippery slope either
either you go from libertarianism to
like socialism and you make a full like
a full 180 shift in your perspective
where you go from libertarianism to
antor anarcho-capitalism to inevitably
fascist leanings and effort ablaze like
you know an F no state I don't know why
that happens but well yeah what's up
with that why is why is Canadian
politics so extreme with every example
that we've seen it's like either people
who believe in socialist principles or
then you have on the
the hand you have people were like no we
should have a white only state I'm gonna
go to South Africa to make a documentary
about white genocide yeah to the right
because like a lot of those people are
from the western part of Canada yeah and
for instance the province of Alberta has
had a history of way more right-leaning
politics it's also like an extremely
rich it's sort of like they call it the
Texas of Canada
it's an oil-rich province aka State and
on the western side there's bit and also
there's a there's a there's a wealth
inequality in Canada where a lot of the
western provinces felt like they were
paying the bills for the eastern side
Quebec the Maritimes and we have we in
Quebec have the cultural specificity
were French but it's a super poor
province so those are the internal
dynamics that I I think contributed to
give rise to like this Canadian
right-wing thing how it got mixed into
identity politics we weren't privy to
that brand of it at least right I mean
they're all they're all doing everyone's
doing the same brand of identity
politics this is flattened by social
media yeah right sort of like
homogenized by social norm realize them
not only normalize but yes like there's
no nuance to it like all of the nuances
completely gone it's just if you're
white you're right or or usually on the
other side when people criticize like
any sort of progressive form of form of
identity politics it's like oh you must
hate white people then you just want one
of the most one of the strangest thing
is that I've always seen with black
lives matter like anti black lives
matter protest is like it's very they
always claim that it's inherently racist
it's just reverse racist against white
people for some weird reason I I've
never understood that when it's
identifying a problem that impacts all
Americans is it what like what you say
it's just it's a systemic problem yeah
right it's it's it i mean you know Ava's
documentary you know it talks about a
systemic institutionalized problem yeah
exactly but since we're on the subject
of identity politics let's talk about at
least my favorite identity politician
not a politician but my favorite doctor
the good dog you Jordan
the Petersons who does it Paul for white
horny boys aka in cells he is he is he's
the in cell intellectual yeah he's the
intellectual of insults he intellectual
eise's a lot of the pickup artists
community red pill stuff right which is
filled ironically with a lot of
pseudoscience even though he himself is
a respected until recently at least
respected clinical research psychologist
with chapters in his book such as you
should pet a cat when you see one on the
street keep your back straight and let
your children skateboard so you're
referring you you jump immediately into
twelve rules to chaos by Jordan Peterson
it's a New York Times bestseller um
I wanted to get your perspective
specifically Dave because you were a
college professor at some point yeah in
your life and but I mean this was before
the whole the this was before like
social justice warrior concepts kind of
took a you know kind of exploded on
college campus I feel like because I
graduated in 2013 you were in the mix no
I graduated in 2013 from Rutgers and and
I felt like I was at the precipice of
all of it I totally missed it you missed
it yeah even I missed it I met when I
was at Columbia and Barnard obviously at
Barnard there was some pretty
significant identity politics there at
Columbia when I was there which is
literally like from 2002 to 2008 it
there's nothing that I saw sort of
disturbed my worldview you know you've
it was all pretty tame but then again
then I read I was reading a Human Stain
by Philip Roth she's incredible it's
like a book about a Jewish it's about a
Jewish academic who we learn
was black and spent his whole life
passing himself for a Jew and he teaches
on an American campus so anyways I was
talking about that with Ezra and in
maybe identity politics have been a
fixture in American American campuses
for longer than we can remember so maybe
it comes in waves it probably did cause
like we you know yeah I mean I think
it's it's in a weird way
Jordan Peterson does identify genuine
criticisms of the left and I don't think
the left is above criticism I think we
do deserve criticism specifically in
regards to certain things that we do
that could be deemed as anti-free speech
that get in the way of building a robust
coalition against the what I and what a
lot of people have correctly identified
as the resurgence of fascist principles
here in America and worldwide in the
form of nationalistic movements so we're
having a hard time garnering as much
support as possible and I think that if
people on the Left were more critical of
some of the things that we're doing then
then we could potentially have a
stronger coalition but I feel like
someone has Sheldon like Jordan Peterson
who is very obviously a social
conservative who analyzes everything
from you know a Jungian traditional
Christian traditionalist perspective who
self admits to being a social
conservative usually is criticizing the
left to disparage and vilify every form
of collective action which again he has
mentioned multiple times you just have
to kind of sift through the 17 hours of
lectures before you finally arrive at
the meet where he does give it away
yeah because there's a lot of slogans
too because there's this whole self-help
thing yeah as well that's like the
carrot that lures me blankly and and to
me like I don't personally think Jordan
Peterson is is the worst person on the
right um as a lot of people I think like
some of the criticisms that he gets
maybe even a little overblown but I
think it stems from the fact that just
like you mentioned the whole self-help
thing and and the fact that he hides his
ideological background
makes him seem as though he is looking
for objective truth he's seeking he's
only preaching the objective truth he
doesn't have any sort of political
ideology that that he's guided by and
then as soon as you go well what is
objective truth what are you talking
about then he says you're a
postmodernist and then he's because he's
got this whole like anti postmodern he
identifies he talked about postmodern
fascism so any kind of like things are
relative truth is in flux
bla bla bla no that's a no yeah any time
it makes no sense because his
conceptions a lot of his tenets are
based on like these crazy binaries you
know we're like he'll spend hours
talking about men versus women
relationships between men and women and
their nation and relationships between
alpha males and the rest of us yeah we
can't get all the females so we should
redistribute the female population like
that's n sell right there that yeah no
that's intellectualizing sell I don't
know are you guys familiar with pickup
artist stuff at all or like the red pill
community nobody else you have
marginally but red pill community yes
yes so like the red pill community kind
of started off with all of these pua
blogs originally that we're feeding you
the red pill the truth about women and
like female hypergamy was one of them
which is the this idea that women always
want to level up
I'm giving like a very primitive
analysis of it but women always want to
level up they're always looking for a
better partner so men constantly strive
to impress women and that's why we've
built these phallic skyscrapers and
whatnot it's it's like she's somewhat
pseudo-scientific but I see the the
reason the basis for which that you
derive these ideas from but then on top
of that there's the 20/80 theory which
is I think it's an economic it's an
economic principle or something with
that they've applied to distribution of
sex 20% of the guys have sex with 80% of
the girls so then the 80% of guys are
just left out in the dust
that's it sell that's these are
indirectly suggesting that we
redistribute to the resource of women
all men say yes like when you dissect it
yeah yeah actually traded fallow fallow
Kratts yeah
but but it's great that we're in a
period where this guy can come out and
we can identify him
ya know he's this guy's coming out of
McGill and Harvard University of Toronto
Harvard has some of the worst academics
who you ask me there's a lot of there's
a lot of professors at Harvard if he
wasn't if he was if you didn't have a
platform to speak out for us to identify
him he would be a respected scholar you
know he's a great rhetorician and he he
he that's what I low-key admire and
people like him and Milo yeah I was just
gonna say that yeah they're very skilled
communicators credibly scared they're
like performing it's like theater
they're very good at what Milo would
love to say that what he does is is his
performance art yeah right he would hide
under that yeah but I
I studied rhetoric in my grad school and
and I admire I when I watch of course
when I watched my little Q&A is like I
want my blood boils and I want to die
but the guy can have the guy can cook up
a zinger that's one thing that's the
thing with rhetoric like rip everybody
has to be with ya but it has to be with
the conscious you know ideally well not
not not in a pre Socratic way I wish
there was someone on the left who was
was as as sort of adept and viral the
eloquent yes a for lack of a better term
yeah I'm trying it's not working you
guys know I like there is there's
definitely this this no but you you
thank you I don't think so but on your
way you just mentioned about even
analyzing someone like Milo and being
able to see their strengths and
analyzing someone like they I've that's
this that's the way I grew up that's
that's I I analyzed all of these people
who I thought were successful especially
in American political discourse I looked
at Steven Steve Bannon yeah once he came
to the forefront of political discourse
Milo innopolis as soon as I caught wind
of him and and Jordan Peterson now and I
think that we should be able to kind of
study what they're doing because there
are elements
that make them very successful most
importantly they're very skilled
communicators and then the other thing
is they identify anxieties Jordan
Peterson is incredible at identifying
the frustrations of of many individuals
obviously that's the reason why he's
been able to captivate millions of
people and so in that sorry I imagine if
there was someone I I mean there might
be and I just haven't come across the
person but imagine if there was someone
who was able to identify the anxieties
of the American working class that voted
for Trump and all this way and all the
swing states yeah right and to identify
and to pinpoint what their concerns are
and what their it's getting worse than
anxieties like neuroses um yeah and
traumas and cure to use insecurities but
sama this manipulation though I don't
know politics but you pinpoint you
pinpoint those anxieties and you make a
very compelling nowadays viral
compatible performance and argument and
discourse around it and then the left
will have a would have a chance to sway
these people back yeah unless and
powerset in place in order to continue
down the same trajectory that we're
going on the left specifically a
Democratic Party is an institution that
is far too powerful that that is
completely given up on leftist
principles there was a I guess like
McGovern it's like one of the Laur
Ralph Nader but he ran as independent
like we had we had certain you know we
had certain political figures that prop
up every 10 years or so yeah that
immediately gets squashed by the
democratic institution and it's been
incredibly difficult to to push for a
more progressive messaging especially
from a fiscal perspective because like
fiscal like so many people that I know
in America are quick to say oh I'm
socially progressive but it was a meme
about that last week yeah just I know I
was gonna repost that they drive me nuts
yeah bad thing drives me nuts or like
what is it there's like oh you hate the
problems that are created but you also
you also don't mind the
reason why those problems are in place
or in a no but that's what it is and or
in European parlance it's I'm
economically liberal and socially
liberal in your meaning capital yes and
also you know sort of like the the the
economists rides that line yeah where
for them the free market solves
everybody's problems but also the they
have this kind of like pseudo
open-minded liberal and American sense
political slant yeah I don't like you
say I don't think the two can be
compatible nowadays yeah no I it's it's
the tech the tech world is actually a
pretty good place to to identify that
because they're like oh yeah I know you
through trans gay black-white doesn't
matter come through we will use you as
as serfs basically like will create a
tech serfdom it's just more labor for us
so we don't mind but yeah look at how
open-minded we are as we exploit
everyone around us you know deflate
wages as best as we possibly can and
create an environment that is
inhospitable for people that are making
over two hundred two hundred fifty
thousand dollars a year I'm referring
specifically to San Francisco this issue
there and like how terrifying the
demographics are over there like how
that demographic change has been so
rapid and so $80,000 so eighty thousand
dollars a year or something I was a
crazy stat that eighty thousand dollars
a year was low income 100% I think it's
like the median is a hundred and seventy
thousand dollars that's and people look
at anything like this is good
like people right right like oh well we
aspirational more thousand Aires I think
it's the it's the I'm gonna butcher this
quote but and we also have to wrap up we
have five more minutes left
unfortunately which we're just getting
started and I want to do
I want to do like a longer conversation
you guys for sure but um it was the it's
the butchered Steinbeck quote that I
love that I always mentioned and it's
it's socialism will never work in
America because the people of America
don't see themselves as an exploited
proletariat but temporarily embarrassed
millionaires right and obviously like
Great Depression era it's it's a
paraphrase quote that's not he doesn't X
he doesn't actually say that but you
know only in New York is there something
that's akin to the French what they call
in France the caviar left yeah right or
champagne socialists yeah exactly the
caviar left
that's hilarious I love that yeah but I
mean Obama recently gave a speech for
the the Mandela Foundation oh yeah and
where he talked about income inequality
which is interesting because I think he
exasperated income inequality in America
greatly by taking Bush's tax cuts that
were supposed to sunset in his reign and
solidifying them even though he was he
was criticized heavily and not
increasing corporate the corporate tax
rate er or the tax rate for the 1% in
any meaningful way but you know he's the
elites are talking about it my
understanding is this is like the main
conversation at Davos and at these sort
of like rich people summits is like how
do we deal with these very poor people
that we're making even more poor right
by hoarding all of the wealth that the
Thomas Piketty book I have no idea what
is this it's I'll give you the reference
after but it's this French economist who
wrote that about the sort of growing
inequality gap between the uber-rich and
you the extremely disenfranchised I
think to go back to one thing that you
were talking about before and when we
talk about those those like alt-right or
neo right-wing figures that we sort of
low-key not admire but like spot when we
try to spy on their techniques and of
like respect some parts of their
communication strategies yeah I think a
lot of the socialist awareness in
America that shift can come through
culture which is another abandoned
tenet he's the first one who just
downstream and politics there right yeah
100%
yeah and so I think the shift can happen
on the to the left's advantage with a
lot of stuff that you guys do actually
yeah that's why we wanted to come here
yeah that's were that's what we're
trying we're trying to we're trying to
be a good gateway into opening people's
minds about like certain realities
revolving the economic system that we're
living under but through a contemporary
cultural dialogue yes and and yeah
millennial for not like democracy now is
what you're saying which is great I love
a movement but like Democracy Now is
viewed by what like for people yeah like
for for like like communist Jews living
in like Ida or whatever people still
giving money to democracy unfortunately
this was incredible thank you guys so
much for coming and I hope we can do a
longer conversation down the line
because this wasn't enough for me I
don't know alright well check out
head-over-heels ChromeOS fifth studio LP
they're incredible and I hope you guys
had a great time is there anything else
you guys know this is great it's great
we're content thank you all right thank
you for having us never miss another
breakdown video by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we've
published something new also don't
forget to join TYT today download our
TYT Plus app on your phone or head on
over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
