Mark Thompson Alonzo Bodden jankura i
mean this is an oasis you have you have
stumbled upon an oasis and you guys are
a sight for sore eyes
well this works out in a beer jam yeah
not only is it great to be here but this
actually is an old-school panel yet
we're old enough to remember stuff you
know oh yeah I remember when that
happened vaguely yeah I'll remember it
later but it's something happened the
other day where I was like whoa old whoa
but it happens all the time
earlier than that over the weekend we
were listening to my the songs of my
iTunes that I always do with with the
kids and Pro loves this game we we pick
three songs and whoever song comes up
first wins okay and and I have pour some
sugar on me by Def Leppard alright and
Pro really likes it and he don't know
what it means he's eight but he's like
yeah that's fun people are pouring sugar
on each other well mark I'm old enough
to remember okay anyway and I was like
oh yeah that came out a while back I
mean I didn't think he came out
yesterday or recently but then I did the
math in my head for saie and I was like
oh my god that was 30 years ago 30 years
yeah 30 years that's like for me that's
Bing Crosby or older like you think
about this you tune in an oldies station
you're gonna hear songs that you used to
party to it's a very depressing moment
now you know they have like hip hop old
school yeah yeah and I'm like wait how's
this whole school oh no I'm oh no I know
hip hop's old school I know the words oh
yeah yeah if I know the words I'm like
man that's old but the the cutoff in
music is we know the song they know the
sample oh that's when we hear something
we're thinking - so long and they're
just they just know that you know next
generation they just know to sample they
just know the beat that you used I have
a friend and she's a saxophone player
she has like this jazz funk band Candy
Doll fur tours and everything she had a
rapper in her band
who had never heard Parliament and like
to him it was just the end she stopped
shoes up oh no come here we got to teach
you what that's right oh that's right
but yeah they that's the big change in
music that we know the song they notice
sample yeah they they reconstitute so
many of these songs you're writing in a
sense that gives them another half-life
that they might not have but when you're
in the music business I mean you got to
know Parliament I mean it's yeah I know
it's almost like your responsibility
know that that's why she said come
question oh it stopped yeah not rehearse
'el we got a place she was right it's
like being being in politics and not
knowing who Reagan was or Tip O'Neill
maybe you know to go a little bit more
old-school
who's this Nixon fellow you keep talking
yeah what is this gate thing
yeah athletes of today don't really
recognize the history of those who have
like fought for decent wages and like
free agency I mean I feel like there's
not a sense that the Analects of today
most of them don't really have a sense
of that history yeah but a lot of them
do a lot of them do and they you know
the funny thing with athletes is the
good stuff they do is always quiet
nobody talks about it you know everyone
talks about their scandals like for
instance in baseball you know a bunch of
athletes donated money to the Negro
League museum and to the Negro League
players are still alive and stuff like
that because they were like this this is
our history this has but but nobody's
gonna talk about that you know but oh
just a little cocaine and one hooker
suddenly I'm famous gonna lead to a
conversation with Mark in a second but
there's so many things in the past that
are so cool I mean they seem cool now
right there was and like people didn't
play in the Negro League to be cool
right on the other hand if your dad
played in the new your league how cool
is that
yeah that's the coolest thing in the
whole wide world and if you could like
in oh my god I would never stop wearing
his jersey yeah do you see what I'm
saying absolutely yeah
well there was some Jewish League that
Michael was telling me about of the
basketball yeah yeah there was the
Philly they felt Azure something that
was really really Jewish oh gosh like
the big high on their jerseys and I felt
like we could play in that league put
together a crew I'm surprised Jair
doesn't have one of those jerseys
because gr plays best with us on Sundays
okay and he loves jerseys of guys who
was who were barely on a team yeah like
a if Andrew Bynum was I don't remember
the team for like three seconds like but
if he was a sixer you for like half a
season Jer will have that Jersey well
you know the the super collectible
Jersey LeBron was joking about it
Camello Anthony was on the Atlanta Hawks
for like one day like it was one of
those trades like they sent him from
Oklahoma to Atlanta so Atlanta could
release him and he'd go to Houston
uh-huh so you know LeBron was showing
New Jersey and he hate comment didn't
like look at this the greatest joy and
that's the Jersey you want from a player
who never even played he was yes on the
roster at a team whoever makes jerseys
is like literally sewing into it what
what China going come on he was so but
Jer might not wear that one cuz that's
too cool yeah like he likes to find like
the niche totally uncool thing and he
one day he's gonna single-handedly make
them more cool well tell him that I'm a
clipper fan so he could actually get any
clipper jersey would qualify really on
the team I remember taking a date to the
Clippers game and just I proposed
jerseys and like we were she was just a
date you know it's just an evening out
at the hoops game it was fun but she
goes I would he want to get some you
know whatever she met Jersey so we go
over to the Clippers stand there and
they've got the jerseys laid out so like
the lower level jerseys are you know
they're $12 $15
twenty-five thirty-five dollars for kids
presumably for families but she goes I
want there she points to the top row
where they have the ninety to one
hundred and twenty dollar of jerseys and
it's a date
you're kind of committed so you're not
committed we are pod committed right so
you're in for a buck twenty just because
she wants to wear a clean Jersey for the
rest of the night no not me no if you
draw the line no no yeah for most of my
life I was poor and colloquially known
as poor and and so no I would have girls
take me up so and you know what that was
your work with him well it gets hard out
there people like but I know they knew I
was poor and they knew that what they
were signing up for but they kind of
liked that because it was like who's got
the balls to say hey you're paying for
dinner okay I actually I got into this
discussion with a friend she wrote a
book called single girl problems they I
know it seems like I'm doing all promos
today I promise but no anyway um her
name's n Andrea Bain and it was she's
talk-show host and it's about she's a
single woman in her forties been single
her whole life and she's fine with it
you know as opposed to the pressure of
you got to get married and blah blah
blah but we talked about the dinner
thing cuz she and I were friends we'll
go to dinner the check automatically
comes to me like whenever the waiter or
waitress walks up they give the check to
the guy and we were talking about that
now it's like why like why do they still
do that I mean I don't mind you know
what but it is funny yeah that still
works that way and and right with so
many changes in the culture in some ways
and the sort of tugging on the culture
to change still the culture bias is to
give the guy yet a check so you know I
don't were the breadwinners so we talk
about the culture wars a lot and and I
don't mind the culture wars and I think
we're winning the culture wars so sad
day for you conservatives right but
that's a thing where and they love to
cry because her was loved to cry about
the
that they're losing the culture wars oh
my god we used to force the Jews to say
Merry Christmas now they don't know
their role in the world and
they're saying happy holidays how do we
fix that right and you know I know they
don't mean just the Jews mmm
but it chooses well right and and
everybody else
no but that's right then I'm sorry but
just that's what such group I was funny
I was just mentioning this to Michael
Shore in the podcast my podcast that the
myth of the war on Christmas was one of
the great myths that they got through in
this culture war but yeah so I remember
watching Fox at Bill O'Reilly's show
however many years ago I remember seven
eight whatever and I was kind of blown
away that he didn't talk about any of
the news of the day I had assumed that
that you would turn on to Fox and it
gets Cable News and they would talk
about the news of the day and he didn't
he was talking about Christmas he was
talking about Barbie dolls I don't know
what the he was talking about he
was they for all Fox's existence they're
obsessed with college campuses they
write and so hey this happened on
college campus and the right wing was
aggrieved and I said and it's all
victimology right and ironically that's
what they project onto liberals oh you
guys love being victims have you ever
watched Fox News it is non-stop crying
oh my god google is search engine is
against me bad right Twitter is shadow
banning me and diamond and silicon like
non-stop crying but the but the reality
is even though they cry so much about it
and I'm happy that we're generally
winning the culture wars although we've
hit a road bump here right but at the
end of the day they still give the check
to the guy and it's an exception when
they don't
so that culture is hard to move there
that that you know not changing
yeah there's still winning 98% on the
unground like that we're winning on an
acceptance of gay Americans eventually
we're gonna win on minority issues etc
we're like just got to get past Trump
well the problem is the Trump in the
road if you would not to be heavy but
the problem is that they've taken that
culture war which they've really lost
you could argue before all the reasons
that you've said I mean the culture has
moved they haven't but they are in power
and they can change these these judicial
appointments
have the power to keep the lid on that
change in it's about to blow 20 18s when
it blows but there's two ways that it
blows it will get dip in the politics
just second okay then we'll come out and
I'll tell you about how I realize other
that that rich people know that I am NOT
one of them how they know that's
interesting okay so so two things Trump
I mean I keep saying it tick tick tick
tick but he's just he's so screwed
that's why he's having the the night
tremors I mean they're they're waking up
at 1:00 in the morning go so it wisely
Berg Packer all these man afford madam
four months I didn't know that man
afford had anything on them yeah this
man affords crook in and of himself oh
absolutely
so I was convinced about Michael Cohen
and the Russian connections and the
money laundering I've been saying it for
two straight years now but I didn't know
that man afford necessarily had anything
but once he got convicted Trump panic
big-time I mean today my you'll
appreciate a smart I was telling Anna on
the show man I'd love to play poker with
Trump he easiest guy he'd have hell's
everywhere right it's like having his
cards face up yeah yeah like if if he
thought you had a better hand than you
Oh Joe whatever yeah okay yeah oh yeah
well the thing with this guy why support
though this is like Capone's accountant
you know what I mean this is the guy who
knows everything like he knows the
family money from before Trump like from
dead oh and when he got immunity that's
when you're like uh-oh because he know
he knows where every penny is the model
we're not paying and he barons that pay
yeah this is this is the guy and you
know that absolutely yeah it's weird
that he's panicking well me he's all
that is happening at the same time so
the panic might be weiselberger than
anyone that's my theory too I said it on
the day that it happened on my god so
now it's done I mean he because Trump is
too stupid to do accounting so he needs
someone to do accounting for all of his
criminal activities in his fraud that's
weiselberger when weiselberger it's the
only reason why it's not done
none is Weissenberg has limited immunity
he didn't get like he didn't turn
state's evidence on everything so I'm
like you almost got him wisely burg
straight ahead anyway but but mana form
must have something on him because he
was a it's like as soon as that happened
cold sweat panic well pardon pardon
pardon pardon pardon so mana for
connected deeply connected the Russian
oligarchs so he must have some
information on rank it with them I think
they all have something cuz they all
know Trump will turn on you in a minute
like anyone who works with Trump knows
this son bitch is dishonest he will flip
on me
I'm keeping records you know like they
said like apparently Amoroso had a film
crew with her at all times like she just
recorded every encounter but I think man
affords the same way like it's like yeah
I'm your crook but I'm gonna protect
myself
I'm keeping records I'm recording stuff
you know because again Trump is not
known to - he wants loyalty he's not
loyal anybody yeah yeah horse and I
think they're smart enough to cover
their own ass there's no honor among
thieves and if you're if you're Michael
Cohen or your armor oh so you're also
snake yes drums a snake I mean Cohn
probably saw you guys remember this this
amazing man it's there's so many amazing
Trump stories that we forget because
we're in an avalanche of insanity
yeah so he used to call his wife's
friends that he wanted to have sex with
keep them on speakerphone they'd invite
his friend into this into his office and
talk about hey yeah we should go
some models and we should do this and
this I think I would say it and then he
would get divorce from his wife because
the wife was on the line and then Trump
would go try to his wife mm-hmm you
know what kind of a bad person you have
to be to do that I mean that's like I
think you max out on evil if you
if you do that now if you're in the room
if you're Michael Kony you know he's
doing that you think you're not gonna
keep tapes exactly right like that guy's
gonna snake you he's gonna try to
your wife and he's gonna throw you under
18 different buses
right and it's also that those are the
reasons people turn on you for things
like that you know it's like not the
business deal it's the fact that you did
try to hit on my wife or you or or
daughter because you know it's Trump
it's Trump so daughter is fine and and
that's the thing that guy's like oh yeah
okay you're going down like you know it
becomes personal right yeah and well in
COEs case it might have been this
anecdote I don't know if it is I don't
know Michael Cohen but for its what
would have done it for me okay so Trump
Cohen really wanted Trump to come to his
son's Bar Mitzvah and and Trump finally
comes he shows up really really late
then takes the mic and cones at least
psyched the Trump showed up right and he
says Michael begged me to come here yeah
okay it's so fine hey Michael here I did
you a favor I'm here and it just keeps
rubbing it in and goes on and on grows
inside you right until one day you're
like oh wait now what was that about the
Bar Mitzvah is a thing and humiliating
me in front of my son
etc ah I mean these are all pretty much
lowlifes I mean man afford Cohen etc but
Trump is lower life than any of them
yeah here's the thing we're talking
about though that's a problem so let's
assume that something happens in Trump's
gone I mean as you know the agenda from
Pence and the agenda from this
administration doesn't change arguably
it becomes more streamlined and
goal-directed no I don't think so I
think they lose their power
I think if Pence falls into you know the
presidency he doesn't you don't he
doesn't get the respect to set policy
there's no cult around people are like
well maybe you're just filling the chair
for a couple of years while we look for
either a legitimate candidate or someone
even crazier yet I don't think you know
I don't think that if Trump resigns
which I was reading that that's more
likely than impeachment that at some
point he'll resign because they're
following the money and if they get too
close to the money he'll be you know but
anyway if he goes and pence comes in I
don't think all the crazies who love
Trump that 35% that'll believe anything
are suddenly gonna jump on the pence
bandwagon and at the same time pence
isn't as lowlife as Trump so he's not I
don't I think I mean he's Bible crazy
but I think there are lines that he
won't cross they'll you know that Trump
has just blasted yeah I mean we can go
on forever but I just two quick things
on that one is I that pence at least is
not a fascist so he's you know he's
crazy as a conservative he's bad guy
he's smarter than Trump more organized
etc but he I'd be surprised if he had as
little respect for democracy as Trump I
Trump is an authoritarian by nature just
does not like when that that comment he
made about North Korea he's like oh no
they got a good country you know he says
something everybody stands they'd be
good if it was like that here no do you
see that's cuz he's a dictator it
would not be good if that but he he
doesn't get it because he's just he
likes all empathy you know you guys know
the whole thing right so no he would
destroy our form of government you know
in a heartbeat
like people they keep assuming that that
people think like they do and that Trump
thinks like they know Trump does not
think like you do if you said here's a
button Donald Trump your president for
life you're incredibly rich but there's
no more elections he did where's the
question where's the question he would
press that button so quick and I
pence wouldn't think to press the button
wouldn't think to build a button
wouldn't think you know it's just not in
his nature and then secondarily Alonso
you're a hundred percent right the
minute it's pence all the Trump guys are
so pissed and they stay home yeah they
don't show up oh yeah okay hear me not
quote me later on that okay
they will stay the home because
they will be irate that it's not that
Trump got screwed also by the
establishment Republicans and Trump will
tweet every once in a while about that
and then it'll drive him crazy ER and
crazier and and so but the second part
of the cultural war politics thing is
Andrew guilt so DeSantis you guys saw
that today and he just you know he you
he's I like how he warmed up he had a he
had appetizers he's like he's articulate
and charming like the word code words
you use for like isn't that surprising
that a black man is articulate like so
we've seen that a thousand times
liberals get it you know our side gets
that conservatives get so outraged what
what he called you articulate what's the
big deal right
but I don't even want to get into that
and then he's like okay no no let's go
main course monkey you're right
and he hit it he punched it when he said
it right no so it's gonna I don't think
it's gonna work and maybe look maybe I'm
overly optimistic I'm wrong about
everything but I believe that we that
this is the last gasp of the angry white
man I don't mean all white men of course
I know they're angry racist white man in
Trump they're not DeSantis isn't Trump
and what he just did was he thought he's
gonna motivate his guys to show up but
they show up anyway like they're really
good a voting you gotta give them credit
for that whereas now you just energize
all minorities in Florida go you
and the horse you rode in on the
problem with that is 11 a lot of people
don't realize you know the middle of
Florida is his people you know whenever
we talk about Florida we talk about the
cities right we talk about Miami and
Orlando and Tampa but that part in the
middle that is as red as red can be dead
that's all Confederate flags I've driven
through there with a full tank of gas in
Tampa and you get gas in or laugh you
you know it is all red and heat that was
his thing the funny thing to me about it
was like he couldn't even make it 24
hours you know what I mean like their
racism is so right ingrained it like you
know somebody on his campaign was like
just hold off either I can't make it 24
hours to hold a monkey can I calm a
monkey you know just it's it's um it's
like you said like now there is no more
dog whistle you know it's a bullhorn
yeah it's as loud and as quickly as
possible day like this this is he's
other fill-in-the-blank you know it
Alonso you just made me realize
that they actually probably did talk him
down they probably had a meeting in the
morning he said I'm gonna go with that
work no can we settle on monkey because
and I explained this on the show so I
don't wanna spend too much time on he
wants us to attack him and call him a
racist because he thinks that energize
that red part right at all yeah and and
they take it personal like they were
called racist etc so but he's
miscalculating because we are in fact
winning the culture wars because all
because yes okay you can go minorities
versus whites etc etc but we have all
the young and and now progressives have
most of the Latinos even in Florida
which used to be Cuban American and
Republican etc but even young Cubans are
on our side let alone
Puerto Ricans because they got screwed
because they went with a lot of Latinos
went with the Republican Party because
of the religious and family angle and
then the Trump administration and all
the related people came in and they got
screwed and they're there on the outside
and like you're all illegals and this
and that you know what what the other
day the guy asked the Navajo if he was
here legally yeah
and I mean how do you even answer that
how do you how do you even answer that
like well I would have papers but we
were here before paper yeah yeah and
it's skin color it really is in color
and they and they can't they can't do
this they can't do too subtle racism
there was always in a Republican Party
there was always a little dog whistles
and subtle racism in little codes and
they don't know how to do that anymore
they only know how to shout it and let
you know right up front who they are
yeah you remember when George Allen lost
cuz he said macaca now that seems wrong
wait like nobody even knows that like I
would like you're like you're right
first 24 hours it's like Torres is like
monkey my god is so past my Concord
right so we'll find out we'll find out
in a couple months there's about 68 days
left to the general election and if
Gilliam beats DeSantis especially if he
beats him with a stick right that'll be
R that would be
also Georgia you know don't forget
Georgia where they're doing the same
thing where they're trying to eliminate
places for black people to vote that's
the case and there's no better way to
energize black people to vote then say
you can't
that's like these people will be they
will stand in line for hours they will
go to the next County they'll have
busses and whatever else it takes it's
like oh we oh yeah we're gonna vote you
know it was like it was like when Obama
ran remember you saw those people happy
to wait hours in line in places like
Ohio in those states where they did
everything and they were like oh no this
just barack obama i'll be here all night
hanging nothing else to do and it's
gonna be the same way I think in Georgia
with you know trying to disenfranchise
black voters in the south is a big
mistake although they I mean that's my
biggest fear with this entire system of
elections in this country is just that
that they they closed polling places
that they introduced the Diebold
machines and more and more places there
are ways to counterfeit this vote such
that yeah that's it no you mark you're
right but they're racing against time
right and so if if Trump makes it all
the way through his first term then
we're in trouble like then that's a
that's a real issue okay because they
have no morals they have no qualms and
they know they're outgunned they know
they lost the culture wars they know
they lost the demographic battle that's
why they're literally trying to build
walls around themselves right because
still like shirt we're gonna be
outnumbered and so in that cold sweat
panic will they fix some elections
yeah they will they've been a key what
do they do they do non-stop projection
right what do they accuse liberals of
rigging elections guaranteed they're
gonna try to you rig some elections I'm
not convinced that election in Kansas
was legitimate I mean there's a computer
glitch in a county that Kobach is losing
by 13 points after the glitches solved
he's he wins that County now he could
have won the state but he did that cam
winning that County is very unlikely and
that's thirteen point swing in that
County gives them enough to win the
state so and Kovac is the guy who is in
charge of accusing liberals of wringing
the vote right
so if anybody's gonna rig the motors
Kris Kobach so I hear you and we're
racing against time to make sure we get
them the hell out before they rig
everything but it's a big country you
got to go rig in Georgia and Florida and
you and what if you get caught you know
it's you know and I that's why 2018 is
so important it's so important because
2020 comes when 2020 comes it's the
census and then that's when you re
District we must have power by 2020 and
again why they're in a panic well also
in mark I agree with you it's the courts
and this is where like the Republicans
they think long-term I mean putting in
these judges these conservative judges
this has a long-term effect right the
swing in the Supreme Court this is where
they get away with it because now all of
this stuff that they're doing is made
legal you know the legal challenge comes
and they're like oh well when it goes to
court it's gonna be in our favor you
know unless it's so blatantly wrong that
they can't cover it up so I don't know
what we're gonna do about that because
the courts are definitely there there's
there
it's not even Swain the courts are just
MOOC becoming right-wing you know yeah
and so when it comes to gerrymandering
and things like there's the courts
you're gonna weigh in to the right but
they haven't so far well so far in
Pennsylvania in North Carolina so many
places they've been ruling against your
matter I think we're gonna make it and
but if we do remember it's not it
doesn't stay 50/50 like all our
lifetimes we're used to our perspective
hardest thing in the world's to escape
your perspective in our lifetimes to say
Democrat wins they're Republicans the
Senate No after they went this far to
the right and came became this outwardly
racist and put aside the dog whistles
etc there is no going back right once
they lose they lose forever I mean look
eventually 20 years from now when they
reconstitute the party is something
different okay that's a different thing
but I was talking to a Muslim candidate
and he's like you know Muslim Americans
are conservative they're they're they're
ready they were ready to be Republicans
by culture right except that there were
public's came in and slapped him across
the face and then spit on them right
they're like dad where do i donate
yes
with ranty knows they did have well say
Phil and Phil in the minority Phil in
the brown or dark skinned minority yeah
it was the same thing because Latinos
you know historically like they had a
relationship in Utah right the one place
you'd never expect it but the thing they
had in common was religion they were
there were religious people they were
family people had big extended families
and it was the same culture as the
Mormons but then they got hit with the
you know oh by the way we're gonna build
a wall and your family has to leave oh
really
now we got a problem yeah yeah so okay
oh I hope you're right I hope me right I
am a professional cynic but I hope
you're right I'm a professional
pessimist okay so before we get the pot
let's get to the shirt and I should say
of course also sponsored by shop TYT
calm where you can get this shirt it's
stranger times which is basically okay
and it's got the white house in it in
the upside down so it's a great shirt
but it leads perfectly into what I
realized just earlier today Mike I know
rich people can tell I'm not one of them
but I don't know I like I've known that
it might gut for a long long time but I
can't tell why right and I was looking
at this sure knows oh I got it I
know why okay because rich people have
crisp shirts okay and what do I was this
shirt the collar I I wear too much and
then I jog in it and he gets really
beaten down and the color starts to sag
which people don't have colors that and
they don't know that that's why they
know it's just subconscious oh do you
see what I'm saying they look at you now
not one of us not one of us okay they
are different they are different
attitude it's also things they talk
about you know I remember we were we
were doing a cruise gig we're gonna
Cayman Islands and me and a buddy we're
at this scooter rental thing right and
we're listening and it's woman it's
probably in her 70s I older woman
talking to a kid who I'm guessing was
her grand
about 11 or 12 about investing in real
estate on the island and the Cayman
Island right and like you know something
like our parents and grandparents they
don't teach us that you know what I mean
like that they're like they would get a
t-shirt that's cool you've been to the
Cayman Islands and and our grandparents
were like you know as long as you're
here you might want to pick up some land
like that you know but but I mean it's
great to teach that and I think we're
teaching it now you know but but
historically we weren't taught that
we're as rich people are taught things
like that you know and that's that's
exact ompletely different world it's a
different mindset we don't were Center
that way that's that's also culture
right and so in a social perspective all
the things we always talk about so I I
tell the story all the time because it
it was like a light bulb went over my
head
hey Seuss and I were going on a trip for
Young Turks somewhere and and we and he
was telling me about the neighborhood he
grew up in a few for a second rich
people never say hey Seuss and I were
going on a record and and he grew up in
East LA and uh and he said look we
didn't know you could go to college
nobody told us we thought the top job
was the electric guy but the one that
climbs the pole cuz he gets paid
slightly higher than the other guys that
work at The Electric Company okay so we
just like how are you supposed to know
if nobody ever told you yeah and so for
somebody like me that grew up from a
different immigrant mentality where my
dad education saved his life so he was
obsessed with education I mean to me the
idea of not going to college was
preposterous I like when people were
celebrating high school graduation I was
like like it's like you're celebrating
the appetizer like okay what like of
course of course you graduate from high
school where's the question right so and
and but it never occurred to me that
people would grow up in an atmosphere
where their parents weren't constantly
telling them that they
we're going to go to college and and so
you're you're right the the folks with
money they it's not like they're
thinking about it it's not like they're
saying okay now I'm gonna strategize to
keep other people down or anything like
that no they just think this is where I
hide my money I should teach my kids you
know you know this is where you put your
money later when you don't want to pay
taxes because that's what I know we hope
you're enjoying this free clip from The
Young Turks if you want to get the whole
show and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT dot-com slash join today
