john mccain died and just real quickly
i'm not gonna spend much time on this
but people on the Left have been going
out of their minds you can say nice
things about john mccain john mccain was
a patriot we honor his service and we
feel for his family that's all you have
to say why people are going over the top
saying nice things about john mccain
that simply aren't true like simply
aren't true it's like saying you know
chris chris Christie was dedication to
healthy eating
you know because because I feel for his
family like that how does that help his
family if you blatantly lie about what
he did in it during his life so here's
what perfect I'm not gonna tell you all
the examples I have a video at jimmy
dore show that goes on for about a half
hour about this but so we'll just go on
for about two minutes look at this the
human rights community lost a champion
that's by jennifer rubin what does that
have to do with john mccain what did you
tell me is that was an onion died out is
that honestly the human rights community
lost it there's never the guy the guy
voted against MLK holiday how about six
times you know that john lewis
representative John Lewis says that the
mccain-palin rallies were reminded him
of Wallace was wrong George Wallace's
rallies that's what Jeff Barack Obama
said he drew a direct line from Sarah
Palin and John McCain to Donald Trump
this is what they said while he was
alive but now he's dead he's the human
rights community lost a champion so this
is why people don't a believe the media
and they have no trust in politicians
because that's why would I bother to
read that why would I bother to read
somebody who says John McCain was a
human right John McCain never met a war
he didn't like he hooked up with
fascists in the Ukraine he's hooking up
with ISIL in Syria to kill people he
likes killing John McCain was a
bloodthirsty maniac his whole life and
the fact that he had some he was a
prisoner in of war in Vietnam during an
illegal war it doesn't change the fact
that he it didn't change him for to be a
better person being a prisoner of war
didn't change him it did help him be
against torture so tip of the hat there
but that's like saying hey did you know
john mccain was against rape so we
should give him simply your gets you're
supposed to be against torture you'll
get points for being again
torture so I just wanted to show you
that anything about the I mean you must
have said everybody here must have seen
it over the weekend yeah so when someone
dies and this is the reason why Malcolm
does this you know yes have a happy
birthday that's right just people just
go out of their way to deify a person
who just died and there's certain people
certain yes yeah and this almost
everybody helpful look the guy just died
yes family he died of cancer was it was
sad and tragic so you don't need to go
out of the way to vilify him at that
moment
but let's just try mean at his funeral
you can eulogize him talk all the great
things he's done and not mentioned the
bad things but if you're part of the
media and just covering the legacy of
John McCain is a complicated legacy he's
done you know some good things and some
bad things I think you know
mccain-feingold
there's a Keating five there is uh he's
against torture but he was what a war
yeah so it's complicated
but let's not pretend he's some sort of
amazing politician who is you know with
the mourn his loss forever well we can
mourn his loss that's fine
but I just don't like the deification of
politicians it's absurd wasn't a human
rights champion it's okay to say I
respected his service or he was a
patriot or he was at times of maverick
you could say all those things are true
that's not true that's just a blatant
falsehoods lie and that that doesn't
honor someone you don't honor someone by
blowing smoke up their ass you under
someone by telling the true things about
them anyway I that just drove me crazy I
feel like it's a sort of a an in crowd
thing where if we now treat John McCain
this way and we set up his legacy a
certain way as a human rights champion
which is ridiculous you're right lion
when we die that will happen for us too
we're all it's all you know everyone's
yeah each other's back so we're taking
care of ourselves by taking care of him
and his legacy and in the end if people
consider themselves on the left and for
being progressive and the hallmark of
that is to be anti-war can somehow deify
this guy as a human just to completely
flip history on its head and black is
white up is down in his own I'll read
you the first sentence of her for
article you ready with the possible
exception of the US military
no group was more indebted to John
McCain
than the human rights community I mean
this is Justin you got a bitch what
who is Putin's body all right so I want
it now so we'll get off that well
there's one other thing I wanted to say
which is that Iowa actually hold John
McCain to a higher standard on certain
issues like war he went to war he
experienced war firsthand he was a
prisoner of war he was tortured and and
that the horrors of war were brought
home to him in ways that for the rest of
us who do not experience they are not
and yet he still came home and served in
Congress and fought for war always
constantly for more war so I think he I
give him less credit than someone like
George Bush and Cheney because they
never went to war they don't didn't
experience at firsthand he didn't he
still wanted to send soldiers American
soldiers to die in Iraq 5,000 American
soldiers died in Iraq 200,000 maybe up
to a million Iraqis died because of his
vote for the Iraq war I don't I don't
want to do a hagiography of anybody who
voted for the Iraq war whether it's a
democrat or republican but to say john
mccain is a human rights champion when
he voted for the Iraq war just not that
vote alone no no it's impossible it's
ridiculous hey I like your using hey
geography that is nice yeah I noticed
that too that was so not as you know
next time I'll say panegyric or in
chromium or something
sorry well look at a big braid on look
at this guy I'm just lucky to be here
see all that breeding got you gotta be
third banana hey I just want to add that
you know yes I think it was it was
important to say and acknowledge that we
respect his dedication to his career all
right with that said but he also gave us
Megan McCain bummer right that's a huge
bummer and sir really thank you that's
exactly what I was gonna say Sarah Palin
and did a Steve Schmidt leave the
Republican Party and now is in the
Democratic Party yes he's backing all
Democrats all right so this legacy lives
on and on and on for John McCain and I
think I will say that I kind of felt
because I could only watch a little bit
of the coverage of John McCain it really
made me uncomfortable how he had to be
this like important hero of our time on
MSNBC and one person after another kept
just raving about this man and I really
felt like this was on purpose
just to dig at Donald Trump yes it was
it was because he was against Donald
Trump so now people embrace everyone he
doesn't like Donald Trump so I just want
to show you because we're up against
really have like a minute a half left in
this segment so I wanted to show you my
favorite tribute came from NBC they
broke into a new program you ready for
this this is perfect this is perfect
what's this my favorite thing why oh man
anymore
I was my country's
Harry Smith NBC News New York
and again this evening the breaking news
NBC News confirming the death of Senator
John McCain at the age of 81
this has been an NBC News special report
we will return to our regular
programming on the NBC network our live
coverage continues on MSNBC
that was a tribute okay yeah that's
gonna be performing at this funeral
right now but you heard maybe over the
weekend in Chicago that the DNC had a
meeting and the Rules Committee and they
voted to get rid of super-delegates
that's the big story no more
super-delegates but they didn't get rid
of them he says DNC kills caucuses keeps
super-delegates they do retain two joint
fundraising agreements and expands
control over 2020 primary so what
they've done the big news all the news
coming out of it is that they got rid of
super-delegates voting in the first
round so that's the story so everybody
thinks well and we've never had a
prominent go to the second ballot or the
four second round
some people said thirty years and then I
saw Norman Solomon say since 1952 so I
tried to look it up and I couldn't
figure it out but it's been a long long
time so here's my prediction what will
happen one they will run Elizabeth
Warren in the primary and a bunch of
other corporate Democrats like Cory
Booker or Kamala Harris or Joe Biden and
so Bernie and / and Elizabeth Warren
will split the progressive vote so we
won't have a 50% winner on the first
ballot we're gonna have to go to a
second ballot the coup the
super-delegates get to pick the
corporatist and that's was gonna be our
nominee do you see how this is happening
because they're not the donors are not
letting go of the party and the people
in control of the party don't want to
let the donors let go of the party they
like it they like having the donors
control the party they are that they are
them right because they're gonna get
jobs from them when they leave but all
that stuff so you know how that works so
I mean let me just throw it to my panel
and ask what they think of that scenario
because I think that's very the fact
that Hillary Clinton completely rigged
the primary means that nothing's out of
you can't say that's crazy
or that would it completely rigged it
all the money being raised for what they
said was down ballot races actually went
to the Hillary Clinton campaign there
was massive illegal election fraud that
happened in the primary so to think that
they wouldn't do it again is naive at at
best and in stupid on purpose at worst
so what do you think of that do you
think if that they'll do that dothat
there's no more super-delegates about
voting on the first round or the first
ballot
do you think my scenario is possible
likely or ridiculous I never thought
about it but that's certainly possible
yeah right mm-hmm
I think that's what's gonna happen by
the way I think Elizabeth Warren has
already indicated she's getting ready to
run
Bernie everybody knows Bernie's running
and that will split the progressive vote
and so we won't have a clear winner on
the first round we'll see what happens
again this is but this is very easily
how this could happen Malcolm I mean
yeah you're it's certainly a plausible
outcome but as we'll see later in this
story there they've got fail-safes
additionally additionally so right Joe
just hold on there's more to come
there's more to this story you want me
to skid yeah yeah I think you should
continue because I mean honestly I just
don't trust the process I think already
like if you have to put up anything of
the DNC to a vote
I think forget it whatever the people
want that we're not gonna get right
people aren't gonna get any change in
the Democratic Party we're gonna get
more of the same and I think this is
just window dressing I agree so let's
get back and just tell you exactly what
happened so you've heard all the spin
already about how this is great and it's
the more democratic at the DNC now and
blah blah blah
they won't cheat progressives now
because they have but if you look at it
from another perspective which is what
we're here for
it doesn't really look it's not all
great stuff so let's look at two it says
the party reduced caucuses which heavily
favored Bernie in 2016 and replace them
with primaries so that's a negative it
rebuked progressive demands to eliminate
super-delegates they still have
super-delegates moving them to the
second round of voting at the nominating
convention instead it preserved the use
of joint fundraising agreements which
Hillary used to launder money to her
campaign and take over the DNC that's
what Donna Brazile wrote about in her
book that's what everybody was talking
about okay it approved a rule allowing
the DNC to block candidates who have not
been faithful Democrats from running for
president specifically for president but
that so now if Tom Perez says Bernie
hasn't been a faithful Democrat he
doesn't get to run for president that's
up to Tom Perez thumper and we're gonna
get more into that later
it kept nearly a hundred lobbyists on
the deal
z and it did nothing to extricate
corporate and billionaire money from the
party preserving rampant corruption the
democratic party is a committee of
corporations Goldman Sachs Citigroup
News Corp Pfizer citko Verizon Aetna and
many other corporations sit alongside
high-priced consultants on the national
committee after a big donors and corrupt
party officials rigged the 2016
presidential primary
the DNC gave its voters no say in the
reform process and put the culprits in
charge instead that explains why the
Democratic Party is now moving to
eliminate the caucuses which supplied
more than half of Bernie's 2016 state
wins the party approves six states
switching from caucuses to primaries in
Chicago and the party also kept the
super-delegates ensuring that the media
and search engines like Google will
continue to add them to a candidates
running delegate count during the
primaries this creates the perception
that the establishment candidate is
leading and reduces turnout for
progressive candidates because the party
establishment controls the rules and
bylaws committee the party reserves the
power to force a second ballot at the
convention - allowing the
super-delegates to vote on the
presidential nominee and defeating the
purpose of the rules change
super-delegates also kept their power to
vote for the vice presidential nominee
the platform the party rules and
everything else on the first ballot
each super delegate wields the power of
10,000 voters
moreover the DNC kept joint fundraising
agreements that allow the party to turn
over control of its strategy hiring
communications and spending to an
establishment candidate again which is
what they did
last time with Hillary Clinton the party
meeting comes just as the DNC repealed a
ban on accepting donations from fossil
fuel corporations the ban had only been
in effect for two months before it was
dismantled demonstrating how in
permanent advances in the party are the
party intended to secretly repeal the
rule before being caught by a journalist
revealing how unaccountable the party
actually is so I don't want to be a nag
nabob I don't want to be a debbie downer
but I'm telling people that this
progressive takeover of the Democratic
Party is a smokescreen it is not
happening and they are they're doing
this so people who look they got rid of
super-delegates when they didn't and it
doesn't matter what happens in 2020
after they split the vote in the primary
they're gonna go to a second ballot and
they're gonna say well this is the
everything everybody agreed to these
rules everybody agreed to them and
that's what's gonna happen this is a
rigged you don't you know many
super-delegates are in the Republican
Party zero
you know many super-delegates you need
to have an actual democratic process
zero zero super-delegates so the
Democratic Party is not reforming and I
want to remind people if you think the
Democratic Party is do you know how many
corporate with all the success of the
Justice Democrats our revolution and new
brand new Congress which they're saying
they're being successful do you know
many corporate Democrats have been
successfully primary so far since 2016
you know how many one Joe Crowley so if
there's a blue wave it's gonna be a blue
wave full of corporate Democrats that's
who the blue wave is gonna there is no
change happening in the Democratic Party
so anyway so what do you do so that's
the first so there's more to this we're
gonna get to it but I want to get
everybody in on this so what did you
think so
what do you think about I'm sure you saw
some of the news coverage let me ask my
whole panel I'm sure we all saw the news
coverage of the DNC rules committee
getting rid of super-delegates on the
first ballot and now once you see more
of the story does it change deep are you
surprised
because I'm not at all surprised I've
never believed anything that the DNC
does result in any meaningful reform and
that's because it's very obvious and
very simple if they want to win it's
just to go after Bernie just embrace
Bernie and his policies and say this is
what we're gonna represent in the next
election right and you're gonna win but
they don't want to do that they keep
recruiting people like you know Kamala
Harris
you know Gillibrand Cory Booker Joe
Biden they're trying to cast
you know Wynette and trying to find the
right person that's gonna beat you know
trump but under the butt but not damaged
or imperiled the establishment they want
to keep things as they are but just take
our trumpet but their guy in they don't
want the system changed and that's a
bernie represents he's dangerous that
they don't want him so whatever rule
changes that they're making i to be
honest I didn't even pay that much
attention to because I never believed it
how does it matter because if they
really care about winning they would
just embrace the most popular candidate
by a mile and said he is our guy we're
gonna adopt his policies we're gonna go
forward with his agenda it's very simple
to me there's an LA teacher's strike
that may happen in Los Angeles and there
was a op-ed written by a LA Unified
School District teacher and Glenn Sachs
and he's pointed out a lot of problems
at the LAUSD the district claims it
doesn't have money to fund what the
teachers are asking for even though the
district admits it has 1.2 million
dollars in reserve million I'm sorry
billion 1.2 billion dollars in reserve
the teachers union believes the reserve
is even significantly larger than
they're saying the strike is scheduled
to begin October 3rd and the California
get this ranks 48th out of 50 states in
teacher to student ratio ratio meaning
they have huge class sizes LAUSD is
often the worst offender in the state
when it comes to class sizes his school
started this teacher Glenn sac school
started this month with at least 70
classes of 40 or more students many LA
Unified zone other countries that have
better educational outcomes their
classes are 20 students and they you
often have two or three teachers per
class high school started this okay
many LA Unified schools do not have
full-time nurses or librarians the union
is demanding one full-time librarian for
every middle school with and high school
and one full-time nurse for each school
in one of the most expensive cities in
the world's Los Angeles the average
teacher's take-home pay is roughly five
thousand dollars a month
so let's bring in Glen sax he's a LAUSD
teacher who wrote this op-ed and he's
here to talk about the potential strike
in Los Angeles hi Glen how are you I'm
good how are you I'm doing great now is
there anything I missed in the run-up to
this segment that you'd like to add
right now oh there's a million things to
add I mean you know just to be clear
we're we're preparing to be ready to
strike by early October you know we
don't know if that's actually going to
happen and of course you know we don't
want to strike but we also don't want to
sign a bad contract right now we're
basically being offered nothing you know
we have a terrible problem with class
sizes we're being offered nothing on
that you know and one of the things just
to show you how reasonable our demands
are how little we're asking for the
student accounts their ratio we're
asking that it be brought down down to
five hundred to one down to five hundred
to one that's one of the things we're
we're asking for to have nurses to have
librarians to properly be stamped you
know a lot of the counselors and other
out of class personnel they have to
waste their time on yard duty a lunch
and nutrition they have all these other
responsibilities think of it right now
as we speak I mean I'm here at lunchtime
and in my school right now as we speak
these counselors okay not only do they
have five hundred kids each to manage
but they have to waste their time at
lunch and nutrition worrying about
whether kids are throwing their orange
juice cartons out in the trash can
properly instead of dealing with their
students you know it's just a problem
throughout the whole system we're
stretched thin the class sizes are too
big we don't have enough teachers but we
don't have enough counselors we know of
enough librarians we don't have enough
nurses you know we're being vilified in
the media already being vilified by
LAUSD as being greedy most of our
demands have nothing to do with money
for us I believe in money for us too but
most of our demands have nothing to do
with money for us they're about
improving our schools and right now the
district is basically offering us
nothing they're offering us nothing on
all of these demands and they're
offering us a two percent raise over a
period of three years that's not a pay
raise that's a pay cut because that's
less than the rate of inflation
so when people say
hey we spend more money on education
already than the rest of the world and
we have worse outcomes and and the prior
answer isn't more money to these things
how is it that we spend people say we
spend so much money in our education in
California or in the United States yet
we have situations like this forty kids
in a classroom that doesn't happen in
other countries so is it because they're
not spending the money they have
correctly or because they're poorly
managed or because we don't have we just
don't spend enough money on education in
the United States what what is the
problem you think exactly I don't think
we spend enough money on education in
the United States that's the biggest
problem you know a mismanagement maybe
you know LAUSD gets criticized for being
top-heavy having too many people there
spending too much money in their
downtown operation rather than in the
schools that may very well be true you
know I don't know but the biggest thing
is we're not spending enough money and
you know there's so many things that
other countries have you know one of the
things that that I dislike about this
job and I love being a teacher I love my
students you will never ever hear me
complain about my students but what I
don't like is how spread thin we are you
know and one thing that you have in
these other countries a country like
Japan you have two or three hours of
planning time a day here in Los Angeles
you only have one period of planning
time of day that's if you don't have to
go substitute for somebody and sometimes
you have to do that you got to go cover
their class you go the whole day
sometimes without having any time to
plan to grade papers or any of that you
know we're just worked very hard I mean
during the school year I'm working 70
hours a week at least and you know I
just think we could do a better job if
we had more personnel and really what we
need is more money spent that's really
what it comes down to so stuff we have
here steps emerado it was a union
teacher in the Glendale unified district
for many years Steph do you want to ask
any questions hey Glen I'm so glad that
you're standing up for the students and
your community and standing with other
teachers and what people have to
remember is that when you're standing up
for your rights you are invested in your
student body and I want to ask you what
lessons did you take away from the
experience of teachers in West Virginia
Arizona and Kansas
well it's very interesting because West
Virginia Arizona I don't know as much
about Kansas those strikes were
completely illegal completely illegal
they had no snow no right to strike at
all here in California the labor laws
are better but there they had no right
to strike at all and they all went out
and they all won nobody went to jail
nobody was punished you know they had
the support of the parents they had the
support of the community the picket
lines were solid everybody went out and
they won and here we are you know those
are in poorer States Republican state
states where you don't even have the
right to strike here we are in
California a state that's run by the
Democratic Party's been run by the
Democratic Party for a long time
although we still are in this lousy
situation with our schools you know the
laws are sympathetic to us you know I
think you know we need to fight for a
good contract if it means we have to
strike it means we have to strike but
you know the districts crying poverty
and you know I know they have financial
problems I'm not saying they don't have
any financial problems they also
according to their own document they
listed they said they have 1.8 billion
dollars in reserve but the bottom line
is you know we're going to just tolerate
these conditions we're gonna tolerate
all these classes with 40 or more kids
in them if we're gonna tolerate the
understaffing you know now when exactly
is it going to change supposedly the
economy is good now supposedly the state
is in relatively good condition down you
know we're supposed to just you know
we've seen the the the media and the
newspapers telling us well they have no
money things can't change if we're
supposed to tolerate it now what exactly
is it gonna change well you know I just
want to also add on that you know when a
high school teacher says that their
teeth that their class size is 40 or
more that doesn't mean just one class of
40 or more because you're teaching about
five periods a day maybe six periods a
day so you could have close to you when
I was a high school teacher I had over a
hundred and eighty students that I would
come into contact every single day now I
want to get back to the idea of that you
don't have librarians you don't have
enough nurses so when you have a class
of just 40 kids how can you really meet
the needs of those students academically
and make sure that they are having a
healthy environment around them well you
know that meant earlier
point you brought up is very important
and it's almost entirely ignored in this
whole debate it really irritates the
hell out of me but you know it makes a
big difference on a Saturday I spend my
Saturday grading exams grading essays I
give open answer exams that's what's
best for the students it's a big
difference whether I've got a grade 125
papers or 175 it makes a big difference
okay and all the papers we have to grade
the essays we have to read it makes a
big difference the class size is just
because there's only so much work you
can do one of the things I find very
frustrating too is that you're just not
able to give the kids the individual
attention yes that you would like to do
there's so many things you could do for
kids so many nice little things you can
do for kids you can't see it right here
but over off to the side there I've got
a TV screen on my classroom door and it
opens out to the hallway and there I
like to have these um these powerpoints
where I celebrate the achievements of my
students so-and-so is really improving
so-and-so had a great question so-and-so
was most valuable player in our review
contest all these nice little things
that make them feel better that are nice
little things for them it's very
difficult to do because you just don't
have enough time to do it and the reason
you don't have enough time is you're
teaching too many students so if they
have one point two billion dollars in
reserves
why aren't they spending it on improving
education why don't they want more
counselors why don't they want more
nurses why don't they want a better
school so what are they hanging on to
that 1.2 billion dollars for well they
say it's 1.2 billion but when they
listed with or with LA County what they
had they listed 1.8 billion so we're not
sure exactly how much they have you know
look to some degree you know they do
have financial problems the pensions we
get are expensive the medical care we
get is expensive I'm not going to say
that the district you know they're just
being screwed so they don't have any
financial issues it's very difficult to
tell what exactly you know their
finances are there they're not very you
know it's a very opaque process it's not
very clear but I think part of it is
that they just don't want to spend the
money on public schools the guy running
the the LAUSD Austin Beutner I've tried
davon he's a new guy I've tried to have
an open mind I've tried to be fair to
him even had a column a few months ago
where I had a very friendly man
gave him my advice as to how to do his
new job but you know from everything we
see he's the anti-union anti
public-school pro-child privatize er
that the the union has always said he is
and I don't know that these people
really believe in public schools and I
don't know they really want to invest in
our school
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT dot-com
slash join today
