there's an LA teachers strike that may
happen in Los Angeles and there was a
op-ed written by at LA Unified School
District teacher Glen sax and he's
pointed out a lot of problems at the
LAUSD the district claims it doesn't
have money to fund what the teachers are
asking for even though the district
admits it has 1.2 million dollars in
reserve million
I'm sorry billion 1.2 billion dollars in
reserve the teachers union believes the
reserve is even significantly larger
than they're saying the strike is
scheduled to begin October 3rd and the
California get this ranks 48th out of 50
states in teacher-to-student ratio ratio
meaning they have huge class sizes LAUSD
is often the worst offender in the state
when it comes to class sizes his school
started this teacher Glen sax school
started this month with at least 70
classes of 40 or more students many LA
Unified so in other countries that have
better educational outcomes their
classes are 20 students and they you
often have two or three teachers per
class high school started this okay many
LA Unified schools do not have full-time
nurses or librarians the union is
demanding one full-time librarian for
every middle school with and high school
and one full-time nurse for each school
in one of the most expensive cities in
the world's Los Angeles the average
teacher's take-home pay is roughly five
thousand dollars a month so let's bring
in Glen sax he's a LAUSD teacher who
wrote this op-ed and he's here to talk
about the potential strike in Los
Angeles hi Glen how are you I'm good how
are you I'm doing great now is there
anything I missed in the run-up to this
segment that you'd like to add right now
oh there's a million things to add I
mean you know just to be clear we're
preparing to be ready to strike by early
October you know we don't know if that's
actually going to happen and of course
you know we don't want to strike but we
also don't want to sign a bad contract
right now we're basically being offered
nothing you know we have a terrible
problem with class sizes we're being
offered nothing on that you know one of
the things just to show you how
reasonable our demands are how
we're asking for the students accounts
their ratio we're asking that it be
brought down down to five hundred to one
down to five hundred to one that's one
of the things we're we're asking for to
have nurses to have librarians to
properly be stamped you know a lot of
the counselors and other out of class
personnel they have to waste their time
on yard duty a lunch and nutrition they
have all these other responsibilities
think of it right now as we speak I mean
I'm here at lunchtime and in my school
right now as we speak these counselors
okay not only do they have five hundred
kids each to manage but they have to
waste their time at lunch and nutrition
worrying about whether kids are throwing
their orange juice cartons out in the
trash can properly instead of dealing
with their students you know it's just a
problem throughout the whole system
we're stretched thin the class sizes are
too big we don't have enough teachers
but we don't have enough counselors we
know I'm enough librarians we don't have
enough nurses you know we're being
vilified in the media already being
vilified by LAUSD
as being greedy most of our demands have
nothing to do with money for us I
believe in money for us too but most of
our demands have nothing to do with
money for us they're about improving our
schools and right now the district is
basically offering us nothing they're
offering us nothing on all of these
demands and they're offering us a two
percent raise over a period of three
years that's not a pay raise that's a
pay cut because that's less than the
rate of inflation so when people say hey
we spend more money on education already
than the rest of the world and we have
worse outcomes and and the probably
answer isn't more money to these things
how is it that we spend people say we
spend so much money in our education in
California or in the United States yet
we have situations like this forty kids
in a classroom that doesn't happen in
other countries so is it because they're
not spending the money they have
correctly or because they're poorly
managed or because we don't have we just
don't spend enough money on education in
the United States what what is the
problem you think exactly I don't think
we spend enough money on education in
the United States that's the biggest
problem you know a mismanagement maybe
you know LAUSD gets criticized for being
top-heavy having too many people they're
spending too
much money in their downtown operation
rather than in the schools that may very
well be true you know I don't know but
the biggest thing is we're not spending
enough money and you know there's so
many things that other countries have
you know one of the things that that I
dislike about this job and I love being
a teacher I love my students you will
never ever hear me complain about my
students but what I don't like is I'll
spread thin we are you know and one
thing that you have in these other
countries a country like Japan you have
two or three hours of planning time a
day here in Los Angeles
you only have one period of planning
time of day that's if you don't have to
go substitute for somebody and sometimes
you have to do that you got to go cover
their class you go the whole day
sometimes without having any time to
plan to grade papers or any of that you
know we're just worked very hard I mean
during the school year I'm working 70
hours a week at least and you know I
just think we could do a better job if
we had more personnel and really what we
need is more money spent that's really
what it comes down to so stuff we have
here steps emerado it was a union
teacher in the Glendale unified district
for many years Steph do you want to ask
any questions hey Glen I'm so glad that
you're standing up for the students and
your community and standing with other
teachers and what people have to
remember is that when you're standing up
for your rights you are invested in your
student body and I want to ask you what
lessons did you take away from the
experience of teachers in West Virginia
Arizona and Kansas well it's very
interesting because West Virginia and
Arizona I don't know as much about
Kansas those strikes were completely
illegal completely illegal they had no
snow no right to strike at all here in
California the labor laws are better but
they're they had no right to strike at
all and they all went out and they all
won nobody went to jail
nobody was punished you know they had
the support of the parents and thus more
the community the picket lines were
solid everybody went out and they won
and here we are you know those are in
poorer States Republican state states
where you don't even have the right to
strike here we are in California a state
that's run by the Democratic Party's
been run by the Democratic Party for a
long time although we still are in this
lousy situation with our schools you
know the laws are sympathetic to us you
know I think
you know we need to fight for a good
contract if it means we have to strike
it means we have to strike but you know
the districts crying poverty and you
know I know they have financial problems
I'm not saying they don't have any
financial problems they also according
to their own document they listed they
said they have 1.8 billion dollars in
reserve but the bottom line is you know
we're gonna just tolerate these
conditions we're gonna tolerate all
these classes with 40 or more kids in
them if we're gonna tolerate the
understaffing you know now when exactly
is it going to change supposedly the
economy is good now supposedly the state
is in relatively good condition down you
know we're supposed to just you know we
see the the the media the newspapers
telling us well they have no money
things can't change if we're supposed to
tolerate it now what exactly is it gonna
change well you know I just want to also
add that you know when a high school
teacher says that their teeth that their
class size is 40 or more that doesn't
mean just one class of 40 or more
because you're teaching about five
periods a day maybe six periods a day so
you could have close to you when I was a
high school teacher I had over a hundred
and eighty students that I would come
into contact every single day now I want
to get back to the idea of that you
don't have librarians you don't have
enough nurses so when you have a class
of just 40 kids how can you really meet
the needs of those students academically
and make sure that they are having a
healthy environment around them well you
know that that earlier point you brought
up is very important and it's almost
entirely ignored in this whole debate it
really you're it's the hell out of me
but you know it makes a big difference
on a Saturday I spend my Saturday
grading exams grading essays I give open
answer exams that's what's best for the
students it's a big difference whether
I've done a grain 125 papers or 175 it
makes a big difference okay and all the
papers we have to grade the essays we
have to read it makes a big difference
the class size is just because there's
only so much work you can do one of the
things I find very frustrating too is
that you're just not able to give the
kids the individual attention yes that
you would like to do there's so many
things you can do for kids so many nice
little things you can do for kids you
can't see it right here but over off to
the side there I've got a TV screen on
classroom door and it opens out to the
hallway and there I like to have these
um these powerpoints where I celebrate
the achievements of my students
so-and-so is really improving so-and-so
had a great question so-and-so was the
most valuable player in our review
contest all these nice little things
that make them feel better that are nice
little things for them it's very
difficult to do because you just don't
have enough time to do it and the reason
you don't have enough time is you're
teaching too many students so if they
have one point two billion dollars in
reserves
why aren't they spending it on improving
education why don't they want more
counselors why don't they want more
nurses why don't they want a better
school so what are they hanging out on
and that 1.2 billion dollars for well
they say it's 1.2 billion but when they
listed with or with LA County what they
had they listed 1.8 billion so we're not
sure exactly how much they have you
don't look to some degree you know they
do have financial problems the pensions
we get are expensive the medical care we
get is expensive I'm not going to say
that the district you know they're just
being screwed so they don't have any
financial issues it's very difficult to
tell what exactly you know their
finances are there they're not very you
know it's a very opaque process it's not
very clear but I think part of it is
that they just don't want to spend the
money on public schools the guy running
the the LAUSD Austin Beutner I've tried
Gavin he's a new guy I've tried to have
an open mind I've tried to be fair to
him even had a column a few months ago
where I had a very friendly man or gave
him my advice as to how to do his new
job but you know from everything we see
he's the anti-union anti public school
pro-child privatized err that the union
has always said he is and I don't know
that these people really believe in
public schools and I don't know they
really want to invest in our schools
Steve Malcolm do you have any questions
for our guests Glen I wanted to ask Glen
specifically in your op-ed you talked
about a previous contract with the LA
Unified School District where there was
circulated that if the district was in a
financial crisis specifically then the
rules that had been established or
whatever the agreements have been made
before they could violate those rules
and I'd like you to explain that a
little more and
ask you if you feel like this is an
example of the teachers conceding
something and in good faith and then
being taken advantage of which I may be
leading the witness admittedly but I'd
like to get your take on it
well that's probably a pretty good
description of it you know the class
sizes are too high I'm not going to say
that there's an average of 40 but
there's a lot of classes that at 40 45
kids are them what's happened is this
every contract we have we negotiate
class size limits right class size
averages and class size limits okay but
what happens is is there section 1.5 in
the contract that says that if the
district has a financial crisis they can
get rid of those and they can lay people
off okay and they do that practically
every eye was laid off a few years ago
myself okay they do that practically
every year okay according to the Union
there's no other school district in
California that has the same type of
provision in it and we just want the
provision gone I mean originally it was
probably a decent idea was probably a
fair idea but now all it is is just you
know every year they're able to invoke
this point is that the the the contract
stipulated that if the school district
goes ahead you'll have a financial
crisis okay we can get a pass on a lot
of these these you know stipulations we
agreed to one of which was class sizes
and it's supposed to be in a crisis
situation okay it's sort of like
declaring Martial Law
and now the LA Unified district school
district is just saying we're in a
basically a perpetual state of financial
crisis so initially the in good faith I
think the teachers agreed in their
contract to say okay yes you can violate
these in those very rare occasions when
you know there's a financial crisis of
2008 for example if that's something
like that happens in okay you can lay
off teachers but not unless you and then
but it's who decides what's a financial
crisis sort of like who decides it you
tube what say what violates the Terms of
Service right you know so the school
district gets to say when they're in a
financial crisis so now the the teachers
are punished or being agreeable and for
allowing this this stipulation in the
contract and so now they're just asking
look you you violated the the spirit of
it by invoking it constantly so now it
needs to be eliminated
and I'm sure the the question is whether
the school district when they insisted
on initially did so in good faith and
now they're just violating it or they
knew all along in which case then you
have to negotiate with them on a basis
of bad faith that you have to assume bad
faith on their part that's interesting
that you say that they need to negotiate
with them because the school district LA
Unified School District has refused to
negotiate with the Union and they
actually they got a mediator to come in
and the mediator was trying to get a
meeting with them but the school
district itself doesn't want to meet
until the end of September so you tell
me who really cares about the students
so the Union cares about the students
because they want to protect the
environment in which the kids are coming
to and if you don't have counselors in
this day and age with eight wars and
people suffering because they don't have
health care and you don't access to a
school counselor or a nurse or a library
and how are you really serving the
student body so it's outrageous they're
still working without a contract that
expired last June Wendy how did you see
unity in the union do you think that
they will hold together for a strike
well you know I could speak at my school
you know I meant one of the largest
schools at LAUSD
you know we began our strike vote on
Thursday within 24 hours 95 percent of
the people are voted right now there's
just one guy who's out on paternity
leave I got to get his vote everybody
else has voted
you know if there's you know one or two
no votes I'd be surprised but perhaps
even more importantly than that is that
practically everybody is signed this
sheet that says we will strike if we
have to and we will we will honor the
picket line we'll join the picket line
every day during the strike and almost
every teacher here you know now know
maybe we missed one or two but almost
every teacher here has signed that
saying that if they have to they will
strike one of the things that I
anticipate possibly happening is that
when we announce the strike boat LAUSD
or the anti-union people in the media
they might try to claim that well you
know the union's exaggerating you really
didn't get that kind of a vote we're
going to have 30,000 signatures on these
these these pledge forms where people
are pledging to strike there's no
arguing with that
absolutely no arguing with that and so
again a staff made the point that
they're the LAUSD won't even meet with
the Union how is that what is the
advantage in them in them is it because
they can when maybe people get back to
school and they don't and they're now
they're upset at the teachers that it
has to be they think it's gonna hurt the
teachers somehow for them not to meet
with you what is that what is that about
you think well you know I'm not sure and
again you know I'm giving you the in the
trenches view you know what I'm saying
is not official from the union
leadership but you know we negotiated
with them for about a year we declared
an impasse
they we began or supposedly began
mediation are supposed to begin
mediation in mid-august maybe even a
little earlier and we couldn't get LAUSD
to be a part of the mediation process
and now they they say they won't meet
until September 27th they've scheduled
September 27 you know that's six weeks
out I'm guessing I don't know I'm
guessing their logic is that they want
to push us all the way back to you know
November mid-november then we start
getting tangled up in the Thanksgiving
holiday the Christmas holiday we can't
really do anything until next year we
lose a lot of the momentum that we have
I'm guessing that's what they're doing
yeah yeah I don't really know but it but
it's interesting because we go on strike
we're gonna be you know we're already up
things in the newspapers here vilifying
us oh the children how much the children
will be hurt the LAUSD that's that's
that's refusing to negotiate its LAUSD
that's refusing to offer us a decent
contract I'd also like to say too for
all those people all those teachers it's
so terribly gonna strike
we haven't struck in 29 years it's been
29 years since United Teachers of Los
Angeles has struck and we have put up
with these terrible conditions and and
high class sizes and budget cuts and
understaffing
and all these abuses for almost 30 years
without striking and now if we go on
strike again I hope we don't have to if
we go on strike it's gonna be oh my god
look at the teachers look at what
they're doing to our kids you know after
we put up with this nonsense for almost
30 years I couldn't agree more and it
seems like the people who are in control
of public education in the United States
from coast to coast are not dedicated to
the idea of public education
and I I it's you know it's not a crazy
idea I think I think it's manifest that
the people who are in charge of our
education when it used to be Arne Duncan
now Betsy DeVos all the way down to
places like local school boards the
people in charge want to privatize
public education make it into a profit
of making an enterprise for corporate
for corporations and we all know how
that goes they serve the profit motive
they don't serve the students when that
happens
so anyway think Clinton I want to say
we're out of time but I want to say
thanks for taking time and talking with
us thanks for your op-ed and we hope you
can check back in with us to give us an
update on how things are going with the
potential strike of LA teachers I'll be
happy to you thank you okay it will be a
week we got okay so thank you very much
and that was Glen now I want to you know
I just want to add something to it you
know that the district constantly is
saying oh my gosh this will really be
hurting the students guess what do you
think there are teachers that work in
the LA Unified School District and their
children attend those schools right
right do you think that these people
don't have any children that they you
know they're there or are they shipping
in all the teachers so you know that
these teachers in LA school districts
what is the second largest district in
the country
mm-hmm their kids attend LA Unified and
they have to stay they have to risk
their financial well-being right now
because to go on strike yes because
it'll sex their family right we'll set
the cut you know the future
it affects their retirement it affects
so many elements and I worked I fled
teaching after 30 years teaching I fled
it because their class sizes are growing
larger parents are freaking out because
they want their kids to have access to
better colleges in public schools and
what happens is I just see like it's
pitting people against people ordinary
people against ordinary people well
people who have power and control are
mismanaging and I just not seen this
before yes so you know as we all know in
2005 the military budget was five
hundred billion dollars and now it's
seven hundred billion dollars did the
same thing happen to the teacher's
budget forty percent over the last eight
it increased 40% no what happened I
don't think
ándale we rarely got any kind of
cost-of-living increase in the mean
times they got rid of all the librarians
they got rid of them so so let me ask a
real question
I lost Glendale just real quick is there
a school district in America that all
their school districts look to is a
that's what we want like they they do it
right we want that I'm gonna not there
is one like that I think every single
school district should go on strike at
the same time all over the country do
they get that so I don't know if a
district that people point to but if
there is one it is a rich district
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT comm slash
join today
