it appears that Donald Trump's
relationship with kim jeong-hoon
continues to deteriorate and there are
new reports indicating that Donald Trump
himself failed to follow through on some
of the promises that he made to kim
jeong-hoon and as a result hoon decided
to continue with their nuclear weapons
programs Trump promised kim jeong-hoon
that he would sign a declaration ending
the korean war during their june summit
in Singapore
however in the months since the summit
Trump has not done so instead stating
that Pyongyang must denuclearize before
he signs the agreement okay
so let's stop right there here is why
here is yet another reason why Trump
bungled this whole negotiation because
they meet Kim jong-un says a few
complementary things to trump and then
he starts starts giving away his
bargaining chips bargaining chip here
let me give him to you runs around
starts doing Pro North Korean propaganda
and why would anyone think that they
would need to denuclearize when the
president is running around saying that
they've already denuclearized before
taking office people were assuming that
we were going to war with North Korea
President Obama said that North Korea
was our biggest and most dangerous
problem no longer sleep well tonight
this was immediately after his summit
with kim jeong-hoon trump also tweeted
at the time just landed a long trip but
everybody can now feel much safer than
the day I took office there is no longer
a nuclear threat from North Korea
meeting with Kim jong-un was an
interesting and very positive experience
north korea has great potential for the
future so not only did trump not follow
through with his part of the so-called
deal which was by the way was an
insanely vague agreement that they both
signed but he had already gone around
talking about how north korea has kept
their side of the deal so if they're
going to get that kind of positive
feedback from trump without actually
denuclearizing then why would they
denuclearize it doesn't make any sense
and this backing away now from the
Pompeo meeting and from engagement with
North Korea he's trying to do a little
bit under cover of
night I mean you don't see them
advertising this in a press conference
form because Trump likes the victory lap
Trump likes to photo-op Trump likes hit
the okay show's over let me go collect
my Nobel Peace Prize he likes that part
of the game but as you get into the real
complexities of denuclearizing North
Korea which is not going to happen
because that's the only way that they
get America America's attention and the
attention of the rest of the world when
it comes to that you're not gonna hear
much about it because it's right it
doesn't serve Trump's interest I was
reading more on the background of the
reason why this is such a big deal
between the two so the standoffs now
comes because kim jeong-hoon once once
the the declaration of peace or a treaty
not even a full treaty to be fun because
of course as you're mentioning off they
are also that china has to be involved
in it as well so congress yeah
two-thirds of the Senate needs to vote
on this Trump cannot unilaterally say
that the Korean War has ended so not
only do you need China to get involved
you need two-thirds of the Senate to get
involved and that's not happening so at
least this was gonna be like a symbolic
saying saying okay we're all chill maybe
you can start denuclearizing and
actually from what I read there was a
point of what kim jeong-hoon did trust
Trump and he was saying cuz they liked
his quote softer touches what one
article did point out they liked how he
came in and he was saying oh we'll do
all this and everyone get everything
they want but there's other people
within the administration mattis john
bolton who like um calm all this down we
need to show how much more powerful we
are than them and that's the same
approach that North Korea has to have
because then of course from the war
they're thinking we have to tell it when
these are the sworn enemies that that
came in and stopped us from doing
whatever the hell we wanted to do and
then actually did that we can no longer
show any weakness before they give us
something so the stand still is nobody's
gonna give up anything now if you murder
right before this this summit when
someone asked Trump at a press
conference what are you doing to prepare
and he said I don't need to prepare I've
been preparing for this my whole life
it's called talking to and becoming nice
with and getting along with and having a
rapport that's all I need I've been
prepared for this my whole life
yeah so then in doing that he prepared
for this by not knowing any of the
background or not knowing what it is
there was riddles like a closed-door
one-on-one session I think it's one of
the times any promise he also promised
Kim Kim Jung Cheol the same thing days
before the summit so he's saying things
he doesn't know what he's giving and not
in his in his counsel doesn't know what
he's giving and they're gonna disagree
with him in his mimicked him look bad
later and make him also not know what
the hell he's doing because he didn't
know what the hell he was doing right
there was if they knew how to approach
it is the thing yeah look there was a
lack of preparation going into it and
what I mean by that is you know just to
kind of buttress off what you were
saying Junior they're from the get-go
there appeared to be miscommunication
and lack of communication between Pompeo
mattis and Trump because Trump kept
saying things that conflicted with what
Pompeyo had said on the record or what
matters had said on the record well at
one point they said they weren't even
gonna do it member they cook well we
can't pull together this summer to quit
this so quickly now and then Trump's
another hell we all right we can't you
know I need my headline reason why it's
it's problematic to have a president who
has no interest in doing things in a
collaborative way he wants to do things
unilaterally I don't think he has any
idea that he can't single-handedly
unilaterally call an end to the Korean
War technically the war is still
happening right and so Trump is like oh
yeah yeah for sure yeah I'll end it but
he doesn't know that he can't
single-handedly do that he needs to get
Senate the Senate involved China needs
to be involved he's a clown what that
means if he does it again what it'll
happen is is it allow a lot of people
maybe supporters of his or normal
supporters of his to say why is he
showing this weakness towards North
Korea and giving them that concession
without getting anything for it but
that's what North Korea wants they want
that guarantee that they're not gonna
look weak but Trump's people Matis john
bolton and those likes like them want
the same thing like we can't look weak
for the United States of F in America
what are you gonna do and then North
Korea has the same thing like we're
gonna put the United States in their
place remember 1953 it's it's that's the
standoff and he didn't understand it
simple as that
no he doesn't get it and you know if he
were making too
single-handedly hana i would have a
problem but the fact that he makes a
decision single-handedly and he has no
clue as to what he's what the plane
feels like what the strategy is what the
history of the situation is and you can
apply this to everything north korea and
any other decision he makes that's why
things are done so recklessly then it
takes it to another level of danger and
surrounded by Pompeo and and na what is
a a hawkish white house right now
i worry that they'll talk this guy into
an armed conflict in iran you're already
hearing about the sort of they're
ramping up the rhetoric on iran and this
is a very dangerous situation because
again the chief executive is clueless
and he could be sold anything like this
video that's great and you never have to
miss another episode of TYT by hitting
the subscribe button below and ring the
bell to get notified whenever we publish
a new video
