Donald Trump has always been extra salty
about the fact that Jeff Sessions
recused himself in this Russia
investigation and what we didn't know
until now is that behind the scenes
Trump has been aggressively lobbying
senators to flip on sessions and guess
what it's working according to a report
by Politico the willingness of
Republican senators to turn on general
attorney general Jeff Sessions is the
result of a furious lobbying campaign
from Trump who for the past ten days has
been venting his anger at sessions to
any senator who will listen
so Politico actually spoke to Senate
aides and they leaked some pretty
fascinating information Judiciary
Chairman Chuck Grassley and South
Carolina's Lindsey Graham have been
irritated by sessions opposition to
criminal justice reform bill they
support and that's according to
interviews with more than a half dozen
congressional GOP aides
so without further ado I want to provide
some evidence of these lawmakers
flipping on Jeff Sessions I give you
exhibit a Lindsey Graham talking about
sessions in an interview take a look I
hope they can repair these problems but
I don't see that happening anytime soon
the Department of Justice needs a voice
that people in the White House will
listen to and the president needs a
cabinet he's competent in so you think
the president has caused outside of the
investigation to fire jeff Sessions I
think you serve at the pleasure of the
president but serving at the pleasure
the president means the president could
fire you if you didn't like your haircut
immediately truly straight up dignity
once under that looks like under it
under it okay like Jeff Sessions is hurt
his bones are broken I think though I
mean and the reason that the president's
lawyers and others have counseled the
president from firing sessions is
because it is arguably obstruction of
justice in plain sight you know I mean
what other what other motivation even if
you say okay well he's got other
motivation he doesn't like this haircut
or whatever it may be
if you go with the Lindsey Graham
yardstick
but still so but at the same time sir
there is an investigation going on on
behalf the Justice Department which is
involved in your administration and the
and they end the election actually
perhaps having some connection to the
Russians and some sort of conspiracy
involving those around you so point
being this would be a firing of sessions
it it could be that obstruction of
justice in plain sight although it seems
as though in this new Washington nothing
matters it's amazing so okay for the
sake of this conversation let's just
take a rush out of it okay cuz for some
reason that continues to be a
ridiculously divisive topic even for
progressives so let's take it out let's
take it out
just focus on what Lindsey Graham said
in that statement he says that the
Attorney General should serve at Trump's
pleasure no but that's not the role of
the Attorney General I mean if you
believe in a Thorat Aryan leader then Oh
have at it like that is what you'd want
but no the Attorney General is not there
to be Donald Trump's personal protector
personal like Butler whatever it is like
he's not there to serve at the
president's pleasure are you crazy
you think that's okay how pathetic and
sad is that instead of serve as a
president's pleasure and the president
can think hey this guy isn't doing his
job as far as legally to protect the
country so he go you know this guy is
really doing his job for the country I
can get rid of him not just for yourself
yeah exactly so Lindsey Graham is
advocating for the president to have the
ability to fire someone if they are not
serving the president at his pleasure
and then the very end of that the tail
end of that clip that means the
president can fire someone for not
liking his haircut but truly or his
that's your response or his apparently
stupid southern accent that's oh by the
way yes mention that cuz that's relevant
that's relevant for the Trump's base by
the way Trump apparently can't stand
Jeff Sessions southern accent sounds
like he's talking with marbles in his
mouth apparently Oh
he doesn't like his Keibler ears doesn't
like his sly little smile oh so much
drums like as far as we know has not
mentioned anything about Jeff Sessions
ears but he has mentioned his southern
accent and says that he sounds like he
speaks with marbles in his mouth okay
let's go to the second video this is a
Lindsey Graham again and hear what he
has to say about the family separation
policy and who he's blaming it on is
there but do you think there is the
immigration issue it was poorly handled
the zero-tolerance probably I don't know
where that came from and I think that
sort of sort of blindsided the president
you know the bottom line is this you
don't know where it came from you think
it blindsided the president okay I have
many things to say but I don't want to
filibuster this panel so you guys well
I'll just say this it was a front and
center item for this administration and
it continues to be the immigration
Muslim ban he talked about it on the on
the campaign trail
these were repetitive issues and winning
issues for him you're damn right he knew
about it apparently the lobbying efforts
from Trump were working at least on
Lindsey Graham because you know once he
comes forth he said he said I love Jeff
Sessions he's a stand-up guy and it's
okay he recused himself but somehow it's
gone now too he was a part of the family
separation of zero-tolerance immigration
policies I don't know where that came
from because apparently President Trump
was standing at podium every day going I
don't understand like this concerns me
we're separating these families these
children's lives are gonna be affected
forever in fact creating people who hate
America because of the disaster we've
done it their family simply simply for
many of them trying to get away from a
more disastrous situation and Trump was
actually he was he was on TV I think I
saw him shed a couple tears he was
worried he goes I'm blindsided I don't
know where this came from I have no
control of what happens within this
administration no one listens to me but
TR makes a great point in a quickly and
and that is simply that he has warned
these guys down as you suggest he has
politicked he has he has stayed after
them even his inner circle at the White
House has finally begun to let go of
this because he wants sessions out and
he's he may get it and
damn the consequences it's incredible
and his very public campaign against
sessions continues during a recent
interview on Fox & Friends
he had pretty negative things to say and
I put an attorney general that never
took control of the Justice Department
Jeff Sessions never took control of the
Justice Department by the way he was on
the campaign you know the only reason I
gave him the job because I felt Laurel T
he was an original supporter he took the
job and then he said I'm going to recuse
myself I said what kind of a man is this
just I don't understand why sessions
with I don't understand why anyone would
want to be part of this administration
Trump has no respect no loyalty no
admiration or affection for anyone other
than himself and he just publicly says
the worst things about people who work
with him people that you know I don't
know good for access to that tanning bed
I might work in the administration
that's terrible well no he spends a
little too much time there I know but I
think you could tweak it in smaller God
look at a healthy bronzed look there he
needs he needs to choose like a color a
spray tan color that goes with his skin
tone because like the orange is not yeah
little money Jeff Sessions has a wife
and three kids and I assume the children
are adults he's an older gentleman
my father was getting talked about on
television I'm like okay hey Dad check
it out listen if you want me to I'll
talk to him before you see apparently
you're overlooking real soft on TV right
now you want me to call him hey you know
I'll send him a letter you wanna do I
got to do something because right now
you're making my whole name look bad
you're letting this man talk about what
kind of man is this only reason I hired
him is because of his loyalty and I
expected him to get back on his knees
what kind of man is this tonight get on
you he's got his needs for other things
bow down the Trump anyway so he's been
that guy never took over the Justice
Department this lifelong attorney
oh no no no just he's nothing unless he
does my bidding which he's done 98% of
the
90% of the time look I have no love for
Jeff session so there's a part of me
that's just amused by this and you know
you get what you deserve he was one of
the early supporters of Trump and that's
what you get for supporting a terrible
human being but at the same time this
sets a dangerous precedent if you
believe in democracy if you believe in a
fair system of government Trump has
shown himself to be a real authoritarian
and if he's willing to fire the Attorney
General because he's not doing anything
and everything the Trump wants well
that's not something that I could ever
stand behind her support want to see
more videos like this well you can all
you have to do is subscribe to the TYT
channel below and don't forget to become
a TYT member and download the TYT Plus
app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
