howdy welcome to The Young Turks I'm Ana
Kasparian jr. Jackson and Mark Thompson
join in today Wow
Jake is out he's out for the rest of the
week this lineup is I think it's as the
reoccurring theme as a third time and as
Jake was mentioning yesterday there's
nicknames for certain lineups yes we
need one
we need one we don't have a nickname for
this liner the best ones already taken
like Jay pointed out yesterday so
there's only two lineups that have a
nickname yeah the been out banana our
with banana
and then the banana pie our was John
well that's almost not even a second I
thought there are real nicknames
involved here but there's really one
nickname yeah well think on it yeah we
will we will all right we have a
fantastic show ahead for you guys I'm so
excited to talk about all these
different topics Trump responds to
criticisms over how he handled Puerto
Rico so we will share his response with
you and then give you the facts and then
Cynthia Nixon's debate with Cuomo in New
York they are running against each other
in the gubernatorial race and that
debate was fantastic we have some
highlights for you which we will not
only show you but also analyze and talk
through yeah that was really like a
junkyard dog kind of thing and they
really and you I think those career
politicians like Cuomo they're not used
to getting hit back no they're not it
was it was an amazing debate and also
remember for the audience that tuned in
yesterday we talked about the corruption
of Cuomo especially pertaining to the
investigation of prosecutors who refused
to press charges against Harvey
Weinstein just remember that story
because it's very relevant to one
portion of that debate which we'll
discuss all right with that said let me
let me let me remind you guys about Nord
VPN Nord VPN will protect you and your
internet activity in fact if you're
interested in this you can get a 77%
discount today not tomorrow although if
you want to use the discount tomorrow
you can do that too but if you want to
do it today you can do it today
this is military-grade encryption to
protect you
and your online activities just go to
Nord VPN comm slash tyt to save 77% of
this service and it's great you don't
want to miss it so do it all right now
with that said let's get to the news
there have been an increasing number of
reports indicating that the Trump
administration is either denying
passports to u.s. citizens or
threatening to deport US citizens while
alleging that their birth certificates
are fraudulent so we're talking about
people in the United States with legal
status they've been born in the United
States but the Trump administration is
accusing them of having fraudulent birth
certificates now this has been a stick
of donald trump since the obama
administration when he questioned the
legitimacy of obama's birth certificate
but if you fast-forward to what's
happening today you will see that it is
that americans are being targeted by his
administration some of them are even
spending time in detention centers as a
result so according to The Washington
Post a growing number of people whose
official birth records show they were
born in the United States but who are
now being denied passports their
citizenship suddenly thrown into
question the Trump administration is
accusing hundreds and possibly thousands
of Hispanics along the border of using
fraudulent birth certificates since they
were babies and it is undertaking a
widespread crackdown so to give you some
more detail into how horrible this is in
some cases passport applicants with
official u.s. certificates birth
certificates are being jailed in
immigration detention centers and
entered into deportation proceedings in
others they are stuck in Mexico their
passports suddenly revoked when they try
to re-enter the United States in a
statement the State Department said that
the US Mexico border region happens to
be an area of the country where there
has been a significant incidence of
citizenship fraud so this all has to do
with a story from decades ago apparently
there was a small group of midwives who
would deliver babies in people's homes
and in some of those cases they
falsified documents in
order to give those children citizenship
status okay so this is a really
difficult story because this all
happened in the 1950s it is impossible
to track down
which birth certificates are legal which
are not which are fraudulent which are
not so the government alleges that from
the 1950s through the 1990s some
midwives and physicians along the Texas
Texas Mexico border
provided us birth certificates to babies
who are actually born in Mexico in a
series of federal court cases in the
1990s several birth attendants admitted
to providing fraudulent documents so
again that's terrible but at the same
time US officials have had a very
difficult time trying to decipher which
birth certificates are fake which are
real and so there was this big case
involving the ACLU where the ACLU sued
the federal government because in both
the Bush administration and the Obama
administration the federal officials
refused to give people born along that
border passports because they couldn't
prove that their birth certificates were
were legal and and non fraudulent but
then the ACLU gets involved and says no
this is crazy because a lot of these
people are u.s. citizens and you're
using this blanket policy on everyone
that was born in this particular area
it's unlawful you can't do that and the
court actually sided with the ACLU and
the plaintiffs now in comes Trump Jeb
doesn't care about President Trump
doesn't care about this settlement he
just decides and his administration
decides well we're just gonna punish
everyone in fact we're going to put US
citizens in detention facilities and
deport them even though in a lot of
cases these people might actually be US
citizens so it's the broad brush
approach to what's going on okay start
red beat Boston to the architect the new
architect previously it was Karl Rove
the new architect who specifically in
charge of immigration issues is Stephen
Miller we already know this right the 33
year old kid from things from California
barges in and has this approach and
honestly he breaks barriers for which
meetings he's supposed to be in so this
is a very long article I was reading
about it but the real
quick summary of it he barges into
meetings he sets up different approaches
he comes in like he owns the place and
tells them I'm the president's guy on
immigration this is what we're doing
because immigrants are coming and killed
Americans we have to keep them from
killing Americans killing Americans
killing Americans killing Americans
where we heard that before and recently
so in doing that he's set up this
president and also has the president's
ear because that's exciting for Donald
Trump to hear and he likes seeing how
this works he was part of initiating the
travel ban and a family separation so of
course when Trump is reading these these
long declarations which we all know he
didn't write that's the guy that's the
brains behind these discriminatory
broad-based policies and he's just he's
just putting his hatred on everyone else
he's also one who had the uncle who came
for and said I don't know why Stephen is
like this it's like he wasn't a part of
this family that immigrated here right
exact so this is where this is the
brainchild of the whole thing and Trump
is kind of going along for the ride cuz
he's like this makes me look but it
doesn't matter to anyone else this is
what I was promising when I appealed to
all my racists that were voting for me
in the general election so now we're
just on a roll and now we're gonna
continue this yeah I mean this was sort
of settled though as Anna said you know
in that ACLU case this very situation
down there at the border was pretty well
handled and then now as JR is just
littered - you've got Stephen Miller who
just goes at everything with a wrecking
ball and he likes the fact that there's
a wrecking ball approach in other words
he wants there to be controversial
policy in place when it comes to
immigration that's why the Muslim ban
went down the for that opening weekend
the way it did because and the airport's
you remember were didn't know what to do
and there were lawyers fighting
that's all Stephen Miller he wants that
and in this case he likes these
headlines he likes these controversies
and as we've said Trump doesn't shy away
from them either he's saying look this
is what you put me here for to protect
the people who really belong in this
country this is a this is a hard to call
it a horrible policy and abhorrent
policy seems to just leave you shy of
how bad it is I mean we're dealing with
people who have have served the country
in the military and
and and who have made significant
lifetime sacrifices and we're talking
about taking away their citizenship it's
unconscionable it is unconscionable and
the Washington Post highlights the story
of a man by the name of Juan he spent
three years as a private in the Army
then as a cadet in the in border control
which is ironic and now he is a prison
guard and he is being punished through
this policy because remember this is a
blanket policy if you happen to be born
in a certain area then the
administration is going to question your
citizenship and your right to be here
the vast majority of these people I
would I would claim are here legally
they were actually born here again the
government can't decipher whether or not
the documents are fraudulent which is
why it was such a problem under the Bush
administration and the Obama
administration and the ACLU got involved
as a result of that but Trump his
administration Stephen Miller they don't
care
oh you're Hispanic well we don't yeah
there's of course a possibility that you
were born here
a good possibility but we don't care and
so they deport them and then what if
they're not citizens of Mexico or any
other country what are they supposed to
do like yeah I don't like you if you're
not white they don't care they don't
care if you're a Mexican person or if
you're any other you know nationality
race other than white you're here
legally you have a target on your back
and this is just more evidence of that
they want to go through citizenship
records of people who are here legally
to see if there are any inconsistencies
or any fraudulent behavior first of all
this administration has been so
incompetent in dealing with any type of
policy that they've put out including
the zero-tolerance policy there are
hundreds of kids who still haven't been
reunited with their parents and so if
we're gonna trust them to go through
immigration records or citizenship
records or birth certificates to try to
decide or figure out what's rajala and
what's not I don't know I just feel like
I wouldn't trust them to do that they
were such a terrible job already that's
a great point you know I didn't even
occur to me these this administration
can't do basic paperwork I mean they
couldn't even record the names of
parents of kids they were separating and
they couldn't so later that they could
possibly match them up and is so right
for them to then ask for additional
paperwork which is what they've done
that that's for additional paperwork to
prove your citizenship as though that
wife like you're gonna review it and
organize it in some way you guys can't
find your butt with both hands it's
absurd and and then there is additional
supplemental paperwork provided them and
what happens it doesn't matter in in one
of these cases at least this guy who
served the military and does help you
know he has the electric bills and he
has all the other names are here's my
babysitter's name when I was five and we
can still reach her still insufficient
and and and his passport is still not
been processed
the objective was not for him to prove
his citizenship the objective was just
to run him through this ringer and hope
that he wouldn't have any proof again
you'll get to some of those some of
those particulars evidence of his
mother's prenatal care right United
States obviously I don't know those
records that's ridiculous baptismal
certificate that didn't happen for me
rental agreements from when he was a
baby I don't have rental agreements from
my last two places that I've signed
baptismal certificates how does that
provide any evidence that an
individual's in the country legally or
that they were born in the country
legally that's a great point if anything
could be falsified would be a baptismal
certificate I mean it's a it's of no
legal standing right and again this is
if we're talking again I have a six year
old kid and I'm sure I would I would
have trouble getting fur stuff he
doesn't have a baptismal certificate but
these types of paperwork for him from
2011 to now so think about something
from 1980 1970 to 1990 where would that
be it's not like it was digitally put in
a place like we do many things now which
aren't even all there it's there was
never at the point to do that so by the
way wanigan military men works as a
prison guard border control yeah border
control law enforcement and support the
troops I don't think they really
care about those care when it comes to
people they really don't like yeah
and by the way I mean how many examples
do we have to show you where the Trump
administration genuinely disrespects the
troops right how many daca recipients
have served in the military and he
decided to revoke their their protection
to be here in the country so that's
where the real disrespect for our troops
lies it's not you know it has nothing to
do with NFL players peacefully kneeling
to protest something legitimate it's
when the Trump administration
specifically goes after people because
of their skin color regardless
regardless of whether or not they've
served in the military regardless of
whether or not they're currently in the
military well if he ever went and
visited
troops overseas and just counted all the
brown faces he would see that this
country sends our best over to all of
these ridiculous wars oftentimes and our
best a lot of the time have brown faces
alright well let's move on to some other
news some updates on foreign policy
it appears that Donald Trump's
relationship with kim jeong-hoon
continues to deteriorate and there are
new reports indicating that Donald Trump
himself failed to follow through on some
of the promises that he made to Kim
jong-eun and as a result hoon decided to
continue with their nuclear weapons
programs now Trump promised according to
reports that Kim Jong he Trump promised
kim jeong-hoon that he would sign a
declaration ending the Korean War during
their June summit in Singapore however
in the months since the summit Trump has
not done so instead stating that
Pyongyang must denuclearize before he
signs the agreement okay so let's stop
right there here is why
here is yet another reason why Trump
bungled this whole negotiation because
they meet kim jeong-hoon says a few
complementary things to trump and then
he starts starts giving away his
bargaining chips bargaining chip here
let me give them to you runs around
starts doing
North Korean propaganda and why would
anyone think that they would need to
denuclearize when the president is
running around saying that they've
already denuclearized because that's
another thing that Trump did that was
disastrous so let's go to graphic 14
oh no not 14 I apologize let's go to
graphic 16 before taking office people
were assuming that we were going to war
with North Korea President Obama said
that North Korea was our biggest and
most dangerous problem no longer sleep
well tonight this was immediately after
his summit with kim jeong-hoon trump
also tweeted at the time just landed a
long trip but everybody can now feel
much safer than the day I took office
there is no longer a nuclear threat from
North Korea meeting with Kim jong-un was
an interesting and very positive
experience
north Korea has great potential for the
future so not only did trump not follow
through with his part of the so-called
deal which was by the way was an
insanely vague agreement that they both
signed but he had already gone around
talking about how North Korea has kept
their side of the deal so if they're
going to get that kind of positive
feedback from Trump without actually
denuclearizing then why would they
denuclearize it doesn't make any sense
and this backing away now from the
Pompeo meeting and from engagement with
North Korea he's trying to do a little
bit under cover of night I mean you
don't see them advertising this in a
press conference for him because Trump
likes the victory lap Trump likes the
photo-op Trump likes it the okay show's
over let me go collect my Nobel Peace
Prize he likes that part of the game but
as you get into the real complexities of
denuclearizing North Korea which is not
going to happen because that's the only
way that they get America America's
attention and the attention of the rest
of the world when it comes to that
you're not going to hear much about it
because it's right it doesn't serve
Trump's interest so I was reading the
more on the background of the reason why
this is such a big deal between the two
so the standoff now comes because kim
jeong-hoon once once the the declaration
of peace or a treaty not even a full
treaty to be fun because of course is
you're mentioning off they are also that
china has to be
as well so Congress so yeah two thirds
of the Senate needs to vote on this
Trump cannot unilaterally say that the
Korean War has ended so not only do you
need China to get involved you need two
thirds in the Senate to get involved and
that's not happening so at least this
was gonna be like a symbolic saying
saying okay we're all chill maybe you
can start denuclearizing and actually
from what I read there was a point of
what kim jeong-hoon did trust Trump and
he was saying cuz they liked his quote
softer touches what one article did
point out they liked how he came in and
he was saying oh we'll do all this and
everyone get everything they want but
there's other people within the
administration maddis john bolton who
like um calm all this down we need to
show how much more powerful we are than
them and that's the same approach that
North Korea has to have because then of
course from the war they're thinking we
have to tell it when this is the sworn
enemies that that came in and stopped us
from doing whatever the hell we wanted
to do and then after they did that we
can no longer show any weakness before
they give us something so the standstill
is nobody's gonna give up anything now
if you remember right before this this
summit when someone asked Trump at a
press conference what are you doing to
prepare they said I don't need to
prepare I've been preparing for this my
whole life it's called talking to and
becoming nice with and getting along
with and having a rapport that's all I
need I've been prepared for this my
whole life
yeah then in doing that he prepared for
this time not knowing any of the
background I'm not knowing what it is
there was middles like a closed-door
one-on-one session I think it's one of
the times any promise he also promised
kim kim gyeong-cheol the same thing days
before the summit so he's saying things
he doesn't know what he's giving and not
in his in his counsel doesn't know what
he's giving and they're gonna disagree
with him and he's gonna make him look
bad later and make him also not know
what the hell he's doing because he
didn't know what the hell he was doing
right there was something to this if
they knew how to approach it is the
thing yeah look there was a lack of
preparation going into it and what I
mean by that is you know just to kind of
buttress off what you were saying Jr
there from the get-go there appeared to
be miscommunication and lack of
communication between Pompeo mattis and
Trump because Trump kept saying things
that conflicted with what
Pompeyo had said on the record or what
mattis had said on the record well at
one point they said they weren't even
gonna do it remember they could well we
can't pull together this number to quit
that's so quickly now and then
interrupts our or another hell we all
right we can't you know I need my
headline I mean this is the reason why
it's it's problematic to have a
president who has no interest in doing
things in a collaborative way he wants
to do things unilaterally I don't think
he has any idea that he can't
single-handedly unilaterally call an end
to the Korean War now there's an
armistice you know between both Korea's
it's essentially like not a peace treaty
I guess it's a like a ceasefire
ceasefire type thing but technically the
war is still happening right
and so Trump is like oh yeah yeah for
sure yeah I'll end it but he doesn't
know that he can't single-handedly do
that he needs to get Senate the Senate
involved China needs to be involved he's
a clown what that means if he doesn't
again what it'll happen is is it allow a
lot of people maybe supporters of his or
normal supporters of his to say why is
he showing this weakness towards North
Korea and giving them that concession
without getting anything for it but
that's what North Korea wants they want
that guarantee that they're not gonna
look weak but Trump's people Matis john
bolton and those likes like them want
the same thing like we can't look weak
with the United States of F in America
what are you gonna do and then North
Korea has the same thing like we're
gonna put the United States in their
place remember 1953 it's it's that's the
standoff and he didn't understand it
simple as that
no he doesn't get it and you know if he
were making decisions single-handedly
Anna I would have a problem but the fact
that he makes a decision single-handedly
and he has no clue as to what he's what
the plane feels like what the strategy
is what the history of the situation is
and you can apply this to everything
North Korea and any other decision he
makes that's why things are done so
recklessly then it takes it to another
level of danger and surrounded by Pompeo
and and na what is a a hawkish White
House right now I worry that they'll
talk this guy into an arm for
- neuron you're already hearing about
the sort of they're ramping up the
rhetoric on Iran and this is a very
dangerous situation because again the
chief executive is clueless and he could
be sold anything and the thing that I
worry about the most is Trump is
thin-skinned enough to allow things to
escalate and I feel like things are
already escalating right now Kim jong-un
and his officials are claiming that
Trump isn't keeping up his side of the
deal all they need to do is insult him a
little more and his temper will flare
and that's my that's the worst case
scenario that's always been my biggest
fear with this whole thing I love the
fact that he wanted to sit at a table
and have a conversation with him and
negotiate with him but his lack of
preparedness his lack of knowledge on
this issue
you know his temperament all of those
things could lead to this getting worse
and and I don't know I guess we'll see
what's gonna happen in the future I
think they did know their stroking his
ego enough to keep him conscious North
Korea doesn't want that either
yeah although remember the the wrap the
ramp up to that summit that summit thank
you was pretty nasty I mean they're both
calling each other one guy's calling the
Trump's calling a rocket man he's
calling us crazy you know so so jr. they
have they have trash talk to each other
yeah and then after they got this
potential concession that they wanted
he's thinking okay let's let's give some
escalation from the North Korea so
that's an escalation to what you guys
are about to screw up but let's not
anger him too much because then we'll
lose what we almost have him
I remember four years running we were
saying his negotiating tags at least
foreign leaders studied him and said oh
you just give him some sugar and dudes
gonna be on his knees yeah it's
devastating
all right well we have some updates on
Puerto Rico Trump's reaction to the new
death toll and other news so stick
around remember to use the hashtag TYT
love to tweet to us we'll be right back
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT dot-com
slash join today in the meantime enjoy
this free second
oh hey everybody welcome back to TYT
anna jr and mark with you a few TYT
lives
Meli bitch writes in and says Trump and
his admitting Trump in his
administration being obsessed with
fraudulent birth certificates makes me
almost certain he has a fraudulent birth
certain that normally would work that
way right right I mean they do the
projection thing yes yes as you were
talking to Jake about on a recent
episode of old school yes yeah it was
you yesterday right right it was me and
Alonzo yeah it was really good I love
that show okay Matt owed Matt oh damn
says it's also like two of trumps three
wives and the mothers of four of his
five children weren't immigrants too
oh that's such a great point I mean go
back and check the paperwork on Trump's
family I mean on his wives and ex-wives
families Sandrock three to three on TYT
super chat says they are targeting trans
activists as well I wouldn't be
surprised and McMahon fr says on Super
Shot as well I have a new shirt idea use
the image of Sanders for president
campaign and use the phrase hindsight
20/20 so we've had that idea and it's
accurate it's an accurate depiction of
hopefully what will happen in 2020 okay
let's move on to some other news the
official death toll in Puerto Rico
following hurricane Maria was updated
from 64 deaths to 2975 deaths that is
more than a thousand a thousand more
people that died from Hurricane Katrina
just to give you a sense of how terrible
the situation was following the
hurricane and it continues to be a bad
situation
however Trump is in complete denial
about the job that he did in response to
Hurricane Maria and I don't want to put
words in his mouth okay I don't want to
take them out of context I want you to
hear trump's full statement yourselves
so let's take a look I think we did a
fantastic job in whatever
still helping for the Ricoh the governor
is an excellent guy and he is very happy
with the job we've done we have put
billions and billions of dollars into
Puerto Rico and it was a very tough one
don't forget their electric plant was
dead before the hurricane if you look
back on your records you'll see that
that plant was dead we shut it was
bankrupt it was that a business they
owed tremendous amounts of money they
had it closed up and then when the
hurricane came people said what are we
gonna do about electricity I wasn't
really the hurricane that was gone
before the hurricane but we've we put a
lot of money and a lot of effort into
Puerto Rico and I think most of the
people in Puerto Rico really appreciate
what we've done but Puerto Rico had a
lot of difficulties before it got hit so
he's alleging that Puerto Rico lacked
power prior to the hurricane which is
untrue
he is lying and he's purposely doing so
the media hates to admit when the
president is lying they don't like to
accuse him of lying he is lying there
okay they had power it wasn't a perfect
power grid by any means no it was it was
it was a fragile power grid and they
fiscally had huge issues in Puerto Rico
so make no mistake about it it was a
troubled place but the lights were on
the refrigerators worked the hospital's
had power
so it's wrong to say that they did but
if this play over a two-week period
maybe two or three week period nearly
3,000 people weren't dying in Puerto
Rico because of the weak power grid
right that way exactly exactly so there
was the spread of sepsis you know people
who had diabetes passed away they
weren't getting the treatment that they
needed because the hospital's couldn't
provide it there were a lot of different
issues following the hurricane and
politicians in Puerto Rico rightfully
mentioned how there was disproportionate
a disproportionate response in Puerto
Rico versus Texas and Florida and
they're completely accurate about that
so he can't you know puff up his chest
and talk about how he's done a great job
in Puerto Rico when the facts show that
he did not do a great job in Puerto Rico
more people died following Hurricane
Maria worse
Hurricane Katrina and as we mentioned on
the show yesterday it's not you know
some sort of competition obviously but
we're bringing that up because Hurricane
Katrina was a giant stain on Bush's
presidency and Trump wanted to make it
seem as though his relief efforts were
so much better but they were not in
Puerto Rico no in fact this was his
brownies doing a hell of a job moment
you know when they when Bush went down
there and he talked about his head of
FEMA and said it was Michael Brown
things his name said and in brownie
brownie he doing a hell of a job and and
of course nothing could have been
farther from the truth
and I was reminded of it when I watched
Trump sort of speak about how great a
job had been done in Puerto Rico when
obviously not only has there not been a
great job diamond actually a worse job
probably that in that I imagine saying
that a worst job in Puerto Rico than
Katrina which was a which is an
apocalyptic disaster for many of the
communities down there and after that
storm hit down there actually I mean hit
Louisiana's hard as it hit I believe
Alabama or Mississippi it actually I
think hit harder but because of the
infrastructure and things that happened
on and down in a down in Ronda Orleans
is why that hit hard and killed so many
people so it again it goes to
preparedness and the response so this
factors that were involved that Trump
childishly pointed out before saying
it's a big it's an island if you don't
know it an island is it's a body of land
surrounded by water it's big water big
huge water so okay that's that's a
hurdle to get past I get it Florida is
connected to the mainland and in Texas
obvious is connected to the mainland so
you can get transportation and you can
help people you can get supplies there
much easier than you do flying onto an
island and getting stuff there right I
get it right no I'm not even giving him
that no how much money do we give to the
military how much they give so much
money like it's the majority of our
discretionary spend that smite so it is
harder but you don't you do you put some
more money into it and you get it done
it's not a matter of we can't do it
because it's harder it's we're going to
do it and we're going to commit more
resources to it because it's harder
instead he said you know it's hard
so nothing so just forget about it
we're only 64 people died he thought at
that point so who cares
about that that's that was the the the
big illustration of his priorities if
we're going overseas to fight a war
trust me we're sending some serious yeah
you go get supplies over there really
easily in some more zones where people
don't like us it happens you get it done
because you want to get it done so that
was my point not that he's gonna off
hook but these things are harder to do
so you do it get a present of that I
thought we're the the the biggest badass
country in the world nobody touches us
but we can't handle this of course we
can't handle it under his leadership we
can't handle it because he doesn't want
to handle it well the it was laughable
though he wants again those photo ops he
went down there in Porto Rico you
remember he threw paper towels into the
crowd like you could stop up the water
or something and that was I mean this
was a it was embarrassing his
administration's a treatment of the
situation in Puerto Rico is just a
monstrous embarrassment and and it's not
while it's it was an awful toll both in
terms of the infrastructure there and
and the human loss of life it was
manageable in terms of what we would
have been able to do on the US mainland
because as these guys have both said you
can marshal a military that is built to
carry a lot of big heavy stuff across
the way to wherever it needs to be yeah
it was he should be profoundly
embarrassed and it seems as though it's
just the office because again ever felt
embarrassed
its back poster saying earlier it's the
headline he's like I can't say this was
tough and we bungled it I have to say no
we did excellent job it was perfect it
was fantastic I think his turn was we
did a fantastic job it was only the
mayor of San Juan that really called him
out right I mean the mayor she is one
strong and honest leader and and she was
not afraid of the president he didn't
mention her in his remarks I noticed in
all his remark mentioned the governor I
think a good guy the governor is a good
guy anybody who supports him is not like
that mayor that loudmouth woman right
you know what though I love her salt
totally like she's very she's so
well-spoken and she said during the
interview with CNN that the
neglect Donald Trump's neglect the
administration's neglect is what's
killing Puerto Ricans and she's accurate
in that she we died because of
bureaucracy and an inefficiency took
hold of things we die because many of
the political class in Puerto Rico
decided to dance Donald Trump's tune
rather than doing what everybody ought
to do she accused him of being incapable
of feeling solidarity and empathy
because it's true it's true
yeah exactly all right switching gears a
little bit let's talk about Jeff
Sessions someone that I don't have much
love for but Donald Trump is so
deplorable that he has me defending Jeff
Sessions it's very strange so let's get
to that Donald Trump has always been
extra salty about the fact that Jeff
Sessions recused himself in this Russia
investigation and what we didn't know
until now is that behind the scenes
Trump has been aggressively lobbying
senators to flip on sessions and guess
what it's working according to a report
by Politico the willingness of
Republican senators to turn on general
attorney general Jeff Sessions is the
result of a furious lobbying campaign
from Trump who for the past 10 days has
been venting his anger at sessions to
any senator who will listen
so Politico actually spoke to Senate
aides and they leaked some pretty
fascinating information Judiciary
Chairman Chuck Grassley and South
Carolina's Lindsey Graham have been
irritated by sessions opposition to
criminal justice reform bill they
support and that's according to
interviews with more than a half dozen
congressional GOP aides
so without further ado I want to provide
some evidence of these lawmakers
flipping on Jeff sessions I give you
exhibit a Lindsey Graham talking about
sessions in an interview take a look I
hope they can repair these problems but
I don't see that happening anytime soon
the Department of Justice needs a voice
that people in the White House will
listen to and the president needs a
cabinet he's competent in so you think
the president has caused outside of the
investigation to fire Jeff Sessions I
think you serve at the pleasure of the
press
but serving at the pleasure the
president means the president could fire
you if you didn't like your haircut
Emmy truly truly straight-up dignity
once under the bus like under it under
it okay like Jeff Sessions is hurt his
bones are broken I think though I mean
and the reason that the president's
lawyers and others have counseled the
president from firing sessions is
because it is arguably obstruction of
justice in plain sight you know I mean
what other what other motivation even if
you say okay well he's got other
motivation he doesn't like this haircut
or whatever it may be
if you go with the Lindsey Graham
yardstick but still so but at the same
time sir there is an investigation going
on on behalf of the Justice Department
which is involved in your administration
and the and they and the election
actually perhaps having some connection
to the Russians and some sort of
conspiracy involving those around you so
point being this would be a firing of
sessions it could be that obstruction of
justice in plain sight although it seems
as though in this new Washington nothing
matters I it's amazing so okay for the
sake of this conversation let's just
take a rush out of it okay cuz for some
reason that continues to be a
ridiculously divisive topic even for
progressive so let's take it out let's
take it out
just focus on what Lindsey Graham said
in that statement he says that the
Attorney General should serve at Trump's
pleasure no but that's not the role of
the Attorney General I mean if you
believe in an authoritarian leader then
Oh have at it like that is what you'd
want but no the Attorney General is not
there to be Donald Trump's personal
protector personal like Butler
whatever it is like he's not there to
serve at the president's pleasure are
you crazy
you think that's okay how pathetic and
sad is that he's there to serve as a
president's pleasure and the president
can think hey this guy isn't doing his
job as far as legally to protect the
country so he go you know this guy is
really doing his job for the country I
can get rid of him not just for yourself
yeah exactly so Lindsey Graham is
advocating for
the president to have the ability to
fire someone if they are not serving the
president at his pleasure and then the
very end of that the tail end of that
clip that means the president can fire
someone for not liking his haircut but
truly or his that's your response or his
apparently stupid southern accent oh by
the way yes mention because that's
relevant that's relevant for the Trump's
base by the way Trump apparently can't
stand Jeff Sessions southern accent
marbles in his mouth apparently oh he
doesn't like his Keibler ears
he doesn't like his fly a little smile
so much drums like as far as we know has
not mentioned anything about Jeff
Sessions ears but he has mentioned his
southern accent and says that he sounds
like he speaks with marbles in his mouth
okay let's go to the second video this
is Lindsey Graham again and hear what he
has to say about the family separation
policy and who he's blaming it on is
there but do you think there is the
immigration issue it was poorly handled
the zero tolerance probably I don't know
where that came from and I think that
sort of sort of blindsided the president
you know the bottom line is this you
don't know where it came from you think
it blindsided the president okay I have
many things to say but I don't want to
filibuster this panel so you guys well
I'll just say this it was a front and
center item for this administration I
mean to suggest that the president
didn't know and what didn't have a hand
in it is absurd it was a front and
center top priority item and it
continues to be the the immigration
Muslim ban he talked about it on the on
the campaign trail these were repetitive
issues and winning issues for him you're
damn right he knew about it apparently
the lobbying efforts from Trump were
working at least on Lindsey Graham
because you know once he comes forth he
said he said I love Jeff Sessions he's a
stand-up guy and it's okay he recused
himself but somehow it's gone now too he
was a part of the family separation of
zero tolerance immigration policies I
don't know where that came from because
apparently President Trump was standing
at podium every day going
understand like this concerns me we're
separating these families these
children's lives are gonna be affected
forever in fact creating people who hate
America because of the disaster we've
done at their family simply simply for
many of them trying to get away from a
more disastrous situation and Trump was
actually he was he was on TV I think I
saw him shed a couple tears he was
worried he goes I'm blindsided I don't
know where this came from I have no
control of what happens within this
administration no one listens to me but
jr. makes a great point in a quickly and
and that is simply that he has warned
these guys down as you suggest he has
politicked he has he has stayed after
them even his inner circle at the White
House has finally begun to let go of
this because he wants sessions out and
he's he may get it and damn the
consequences it's incredible and his
very public campaign against sessions
continues during a recent interview on
Fox and Friends he had pretty negative
things to say and I put an attorney
general that never took control of the
Justice Department Jeff Sessions never
took control of the Justice Department
by the way he was on the campaign you
know the only reason I gave him the job
because I felt Laurel thing he was an
original supporter he took the job and
then he said I'm going to recuse myself
I said what kind of a man is this just I
don't understand why sessions with I
don't understand why anyone would want
to be part of this administration Trump
has no respect no loyalty no admiration
or affection for anyone other than
himself and he just publicly says the
worst things about people who work with
him people that you know I don't know
good for access to that tanning bed I
might work in the administration that's
all terrible well no he spends a little
too much time there I know but I think
you could tweak it in smaller guys right
look at a healthy bronze look there he
needs he needs to choose like a color a
spray tan color that goes with his skin
tone because like the orange is not yeah
a little money thing straight up Jeff
Sessions has a wife and three kids and I
assume the children are adults he's an
older gentleman
my father was getting talked about
television I'm like okay hey Dad
check it out listen if you want me to
I'll talk to him before you see
apparently you're over here looking real
soft on TV right now you want me to call
him hey you know I'll send him a letter
you wanna do I got to do something
because right now you're making my whole
name look bad you're letting this man
talk about what kind of man is this only
reason I hired him is because of his
loyalty and I expected him to get back
on his knees what kind of man is this
tonight get on you he's got his needs
for other things
bow down to trump anyway so he's been
that guy never took over the Justice
Department this lifelong attorney
oh no no no just he's nothing unless he
does my bidding which he's done 98% of
the time 90% of the time look I have no
love for Jeff Sessions so there's a part
of me that's just amused by this and you
know you get what you deserve he was one
of the early supporters of Trump and
that's what you get for supporting a
terrible human being
but at the same time this sets a
dangerous precedent if you believe in
democracy if you believe in a fair
system of government
Trump has shown himself to be a real
authoritarian and if he's willing to
fire the Attorney General because he's
not doing anything and everything that
Trump wants well that's not something
that I could ever stand behind her
support so one final thing that I wanted
to mention of all those who are starting
to bend and and you know act in a
certain way to please Trump there's one
senator who has stood firm in his
support for Jeff Sessions and that's
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
he said quote I have total confidence in
the Attorney General I think he ought to
stay exactly where he is so I have no
love for Mitch McConnell either I think
he looks like a turtle
and he's also done a lot of terrible
things yeah that's all next week he'll
be changing this story yeah Mitch
McConnell's awful start to finish but
how he looks doesn't really I don't care
that way do you really I mean charming
turtle in other words it makes me that's
it
I can now and I do love Turtles all
right there's
all right we got to take a break when we
come back some updates on Rhonda Santos
the Republican gubernatorial candidate
in Florida he got caught up doing some
shady stuff will tell you what that
stuff is when we return
