there have been an increasing number of
reports indicating that the Trump
administration is either denying
passports to US citizens or threatening
to deport u.s. citizens while alleging
that their birth certificates are
fraudulent so we're talking about people
in the United States with legal status
they've been born in the United States
but the Trump administration is accusing
them of having fraudulent birth
certificates now this has been a shtick
of Donald Trump since the Obama
administration when he questioned the
legitimacy of Obama's birth certificate
but if you fast-forward to what's
happening today you will see that it is
that Americans are being targeted by his
administration some of them are even
spending time in detention centers as a
result so according to The Washington
Post a growing number of people whose
official birth records show they were
born in the United States but who are
now being denied passports their
citizenship suddenly thrown into
question the Trump administration is
accusing hundreds and possibly thousands
of Hispanics along the border of using
fraudulent birth certificates since they
were babies and it is undertaking a
widespread crackdown so to give you some
more detail into how horrible this is in
some cases passport applicants with
official u.s. certificates birth
certificates are being jailed in
immigration detention centers and
entered into deportation proceedings in
others they are stuck in Mexico their
passports suddenly revoked when they try
to re-enter the United States in a
statement the State Department said that
the US Mexico border region happens to
be an area of the country where there
has been a significant incidence of
citizenship fraud so this all has to do
with a story from decades ago
apparently there was a small group of
midwives who would deliver babies in
people's homes and in some of those
cases they falsified documents in order
to give those children citizenship
status okay so this is a really
difficult story because this all
happened in the 1950s it is impossible
to track down
which birth certificates are legal which
are not which are fraudulent which are
not
so the government alleges that from the
1950s through the 1990s some midwives
and physicians along the texas-mexico
border provided us birth certificates to
babies who were actually born in Mexico
in a series of federal court cases in
the 1990s several birth attendants
admitted to providing fraudulent
documents so again that's terrible but
at the same time US officials have had a
very difficult time trying to decipher
which birth certificates are fake which
are real and so there was this big case
involving the ACLU where the ACLU sued
the federal government because in both
the Bush administration and the Obama
administration the federal officials
refused to give people born along that
border passports because they couldn't
prove that their birth certificates were
were legal and and non fraudulent but
then the ACLU gets involved and says no
this is crazy because a lot of these
people are US citizens and you're using
this blanket policy on everyone that was
born in this particular area it's
unlawful you can't do that and the court
actually sided with the ACLU and the
plaintiffs now in comes Trump Trump
doesn't care about President Trump
doesn't care about this settlement he
just decides and his administration
decides well we're just gonna punish
everyone in fact we're going to put US
citizens in detention facilities and
deport them even though in a lot of
cases these people might actually be US
citizens so it's the broad brush
approach to what's going on okay so I
read deeper I listened to the architect
the new architect previously it was Karl
Rove the new architect who specifically
in charge of immigration issues is Steve
Miller we already know this right the 33
year old kid from things from California
barges in it has this approach and
honestly he breaks barriers for which
meetings he's supposed to be and this is
a very long article I was reading about
it but the real just quick summary of it
he barges into meetings he sets up
different approaches he comes in like he
owns the place and tells them I'm the
president's guy on immigration this is
what we're doing because immigrants are
coming and killing Americans we have to
keep them from killing Americans killing
Americans killing Americans killing
Americans where we heard that before and
recently so in doing that he's
this president and also has the
president's ear because that's exciting
for Donald Trump to hear he likes seeing
how this works he was part of initiating
the travel ban and family separation so
of course when Trump is reading these
these long declarations which we all
know he didn't write that's the guy
that's the brains behind these
discriminatory broad-based policies and
he's just he's just putting his hatred
on everyone else he's lost the one who
had the uncle who came for and said I
don't know why Stephen is like this it's
like he wasn't a part of this family
that immigrated here right exact so um
this is where it's this is the
brainchild of the whole thing and Trump
is kind of going along for the ride cuz
he's like this makes me look better
doesn't matter to anyone else this is
what I was promising when I appealed to
all my racists that were voting for me
in the general election so now we're
just on a roll and now we're gonna
continue this yeah I mean this was sort
of settled though as Anna said you know
in that ACLU case this very situation
down there at the border was pretty well
handled he wants there to be
controversial policy in place when it
comes to immigration that's why the
Muslim ban went down the for that
opening weekend the way it did because
and the airport's you remember were
didn't know what to do and there were
lawyers fighting that's all Stephen
Miller he wants that and in this case he
likes these headlines he likes these
controversies and as we've said Trump
doesn't shy away from them either he's
saying look this is what you put me here
for to protect the people who really
belong in this country this is a this is
a hard to call it a horrible policy and
abhorrent policy seems to just leave you
shy of how bad it is I mean we're
dealing with people who have have served
the country in the military and and and
who have made signal sacrifices I mean
lifetime sacrifices and we're talking
about taking away their citizenship it's
unconscionable it is unconscionable and
the Washington Post highlights the story
of a man by the name of Juan he spent
three years as a private in the Army
then as a cadet in the in border control
which is ironic and now he is a prison
guard and he is being punished through
this policy because remember this is a
blanket policy if you happen to be born
in a certain area then
administration is going to question your
citizenship and your right to be here
the vast majority of these people I
would I would claim are here legally
they were actually born here again the
government can't decipher whether or not
the documents are fraudulent which is
why it was such a problem under the Bush
administration and the Obama
administration and the ACLU got involved
as a result of that but Trump his
administration Stephen Miller they don't
care oh you're Hispanic well we don't
yeah there's of course a possibility
that you were born here a good
possibility but we don't care
and so they deport them and then what if
they're not citizens of Mexico or any
other country what are they supposed to
do like yeah I don't like you if you're
not white they don't care they don't
care if you're a Mexican person or if
you're any other you know nationality
race other than white you're here
legally you have a target on your back
and this is just more evidence of that
they want to go through citizenship
records of people who are here legally
to see if there are any inconsistencies
or any fraudulent behavior first of all
this administration has been so
incompetent in dealing with any type of
policy that they've put out including
the zero-tolerance policy there are
hundreds of kids who still haven't been
reunited with their parents and so if
we're gonna trust them to go through
immigration records or citizenship
records or birth certificates to try to
decide or figure out what's rajala and
what's not I don't know I just feel like
I wouldn't trust them to do that they do
such a terrible job already that's a
great point you know I didn't even occur
to me these this administration can't do
basic paperwork I mean they couldn't
even record the names of the parents of
kids they were separating and they
couldn't so later that they could
possibly match them up and is so right
for them to then ask for additional
paperwork which is what they've done
that that's for additional paperwork to
prove your citizenship as though that
wife like you're gonna review it and
organize it in some way you guys can't
find your butt with both hands it's
absurd and and then there is additional
supplemental paperwork provided them and
what happens it doesn't matter
in in one of these cases at least this
guy who served the military and does
have you know he has the electric bills
and he has all the other names are
here's my babysitter's name when I was
five and we can still reach her still
insufficient and and and his passport is
still not been processed the objective
was not for him to prove his citizenship
the objective was just to run him
through this ringer and hope that he
wouldn't have any proof again you'll get
to some of those some of those
particulars evidence of his mother's
prenatal care right United States
obviously yeah I don't know those
records that's ridiculous baptismal
certificate that didn't happen for me
rental agreements from when he was a
baby I don't have rental agreements from
my last two places that I've signed
baptismal certificates how does that
provide any evidence that an
individual's in the country legally or
that they were born in the country
legally that's a great point if anything
could be falsified would be a baptismal
certificate I mean it's a bits of no
legal standing right and again this is
if we're talking again I have a
six-year-old kid and I'm sure I would I
would have trouble getting first time he
doesn't have a baptismal certificate but
these types of paperwork for him from
2011 till now so think about something
from 1980 1970 to 1990 where would that
be it's not like it was digitally put in
a place like we do many things now which
aren't even all there it's there was
never at the point to do that so by the
way wanigan
military men works as a prison guard
border control but yeah border control
law enforcement and support the troops I
don't think they really care about those
things care when it comes to people they
really don't like yeah and by the way I
mean how many examples do we have to
show you where the Trump administration
genuinely disrespects the troops right
how many daca recipients have served in
the military and he decided to revoke
their their protection to be here in the
country so that's where the real
disrespect for our troops lies it's not
you know
it has nothing to do with NFL players
peacefully kneeling to protest something
legitimate it's when the Trump
administration specifically goes after
people because of their skin color
regardless regardless of whether or not
they've served in the military
regardless of whether or not they're
currently in the military did you know
the TYT network is now available on
YouTube's new streaming platform YouTube
TV get access to full TYT episodes and
exclusive shows by signing up for
youtube TV today all new subscribers get
a 7-day free trial so head over to
youtube dot TV and search for t whitey
network's channel
