so Andrew Gilliam wins last night in in
Florida on the Democratic side is
shocking upset victory it's not shocking
to us he was been on the program a lot
of great progressive groups were backing
him and but he was pulling forth all of
a sudden he came in first that's what
happens if you actually get voters
excited so wonderful wonderful candidate
so of course when he wins Trump has to
tweet about it now on the other side on
the Republican side is the Santis Trump
really likes the Santas because the
Santis complements him in fact he ran
ads complimenting him so Trump loves him
so the tweet is not only did congressman
Ron De Santis easily win the Republican
primary but his opponent in November is
his biggest stream a failed socialist
mayor named Andrew Gilliam who has
allowed crime and many other problems to
flourish in his City
this is not what Florida wants or needs
yeah I give this to you not because I'm
surprised that Trump is backing the
Santas are attacking Gilliam and not
that he did it in a particularly
obnoxious way it's gonna get worse
that's just an appetizer but for now a
that's like see one of the least
offensive tweets that Trump has sent no
it's just that he just doesn't care
about the truth no just not attached to
it at all did he he's the president he
could research anything he could have a
million people researching things for
him did he look into whether Tallahassee
is actually a failed city did he look to
see if crime was actually up of course
not he just immediately went to a lie
right away a crimes way up now is there
some maybe racial undertones well he's a
black man or a crime must be up I don't
know and I don't care you can put that
aside be set a lot worse okay the
question is did crime actually go up and
you can see what's happening look I
talked to Gilliam on rebel headquarters
you should check that out youtube.com
slash rebel HQ and and when I did he had
resources already and I knew that crime
actually went down on his watch but in
case you don't know on his watch crime
went down by fifteen percent overall
violent crime went down by eleven
percent so he did a fantastic job as
mayor of Tallahassee that's part of why
he was considered an exciting candidate
that a lot of people backed because he
was this young guy who had done an
amazing job with Tallahassee and
Tallahassee
it was
a failed state because it was a
progressive guy who was running it
commissioners in the area praised the
3.8% economic update driven by 95
proposed under construction developments
in the pipeline with his city limits in
Leon County economic development
officials forecast 6300 jobs created in
more than 253 million in wages
spurred by those projects according to
papers in Tallahassee yeah and and
Tallahassee did better economically in
the time that he was mayor than the rest
of Florida right so as usual Donald
Trump the exact opposite of what was
true so not only did the economy do
better under Gilliam just to mention
specific numbers in regard to crime
decreasing in Tallahassee and Leon
County according to the annual crime
report by law enforcement local law
enforcement Tallahassee and Leon County
saw significant drops in crime in 2017
overall the crime rate dropped 15.1% the
Leon County Sheriff's Office saw
reported eighteen point seven percent
reduction and the Tallahassee Police
Department saw a fourteen point three
percent reduction but look Trump will
never ever look into the facts or the
details he doesn't care because anything
that he tweets will be taken as fact by
his supporters in his base he's gotten
away with it over and over again and
then one final thing it's laughable that
a man who's facing multiple
investigations for multiple criminal
activities has any right thinks he has
any right to talk about crime or
criminal activity like he's facing not
just the Russian investigation he's
facing an investigation for using his
own charity to enrich himself he's
facing an investigation into illegal
campaign contributions or taking them by
paying off Playboy models and and porn
stars like come on you're really gonna
have a conversation with us about crime
you're a criminal so you don't get to be
the arbiter of who increases crime and
who doesn't you've increased crime if
anything I got one last thing to please
check out the interview I did with them
you can get it on our app to TYT comm
slash app because I asked them
how did you bring crime down for all the
progressives that I interview where they
were mayors and they brought crime down
my ass and they almost always have the
same answer they actually care about the
community so they did community policing
in and that's not going and cracking
skulls in the community no it's asking
them hey what do you need what's the
crime around here how can we help
decrease the crime and instead of
viewing the citizens as guilty you view
them as the people you're supposed to
protect and you know what they do then
they cooperate with police and they work
hand in hand and they bring crime down
he could do that across Florida so it
does again that in that case it doesn't
matter if you're a progressive or
conservative do you want crime to go
down the guy is a proven record of
bringing crime down with a smart
strategy right down the drops going
around you know say do we really need
the FBI I mean flipping should be
illegal cooperating with law enforcement
Donald Trump says should ought to be
illegal why don't you actually vote for
someone who believes in the rule of law
and justice like Andrew Gilliam have you
heard about the new TYT audio network we
have some great new shows for you find
us wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT network or head over
to tea y-t-dot-com slash audio
