so during the break we were talking
about our uber rankings just because
it's the Young Turks and we like that
fun and Michael do you were you saying
that with other co-workers that your
yeah with other like and talk about our
ratings and like you talked about who's
got the better rating and it's a bit of
a competition so I'm gonna help you out
here because I found this secret formula
for higher rankings and but I'll tell
you about that after we play the game
first the game is higher or lower okay
John what is your rank first of all
what's your brain at the level four
point eight three four point eight three
that's I think my sense of it is that's
very good and Mike who's trying to get
it to be good because he's in a comp I
don't know there's I know but there's
not there's only so much trying you can
do one thing we did learn which was a
defeat for one of my other colleagues
was that the tip you leave an uber the
driver has no idea who left the tip it
just goes into their account but they
don't know which ride it came from so
you don't get really yes you don't get
credit for your tip and a driver also
told me that most people don't
oh I didn't know for a long time that
you even cook yeah yeah yeah I assume
the pricing was always built that that
was right which is all the drivers there
were upset about and then yeah so I
asked and I might have talked about this
in a previous post game if I remember
right who you members might remember
than me and what my story about it was
but I the person told me about a third
tip and and in in the app and a third
tip in person with cash with cash and a
third don't tip at all this guy told me
the most one driver
most people don't tip yeah yeah I might
be remembering that wrong cuz that that
also seems like strikes a chord like
yeah that it was like low yeah anyway
but I didn't know that it doesn't count
on the app so that's it I'm done with
that happen if I'm gonna tip at all but
like this is my tip
for you I'm not saying anything about my
rating why don't you say something about
your rating what is your it then you
high-five that yes so now that brings us
to our game John what is your my rating
is a four point seven four
so obviously John is a monster I am okay
Ben is four point seven five so it's
within John is within strike the two are
more disliked than Ben mankiewicz in in
confined spaces that's tough yeah I
think I might know why my rating is kind
of lower and to the extent that a single
ride can really lower your rating right
I had I had a pretty bad one so are you
guys familiar with cookie puss the
Orioles the Carvel the Carvel classic
yeah you know that's the one that got
joe arpaio to say he gives blowjobs now
yeah that was oMG cookie puss oMG so I
had to bring a cookie puss to an archer
viewing party at Bret erlik's place
because we love archers dentists I did
not think I know I just try obviously
had to bring a cookie puss to an archer
this newing party at Bret our time out
for one second John cookie puss is the
exact same shape as fudgie the whale
they just design it differently I don't
know say the same but it has the same
mold
oh is it really now what has the cone
and it's it looks crazy it's like what
we used to think was cute back in the
70s but it's actually scary and also it
tastes weird and it doesn't melt which
is weird for ice cream um but anyway I
had to bring it there and doesn't know
all the way I should say and so I bring
it into the the ride and it starts to
melt obviously but you just said it
doesn't it doesn't melt all the way all
the way and so it starts melting into my
plug into my pants and there's there's
nothing I can do like I can't oh the
milk is dripping down no guys that's
what happened one ice it was ice cream
that melted into his pants
yeah no it was melting
I'll notice it is earlier than saying
that it doesn't know but anyway I had a
problem on my hands and there was
nothing I could do about it like I
couldn't even like take off like my like
over shirt to put it under cuz I can't
put it down if the belt your hands was
it you were about to get one star from
here exactly but that's not the bad
thing it wasn't the the dripping inside
that did it I came up with an ingenious
idea what I thought is it's cold at this
point it's relatively winter I need to
cool this thing down plus stop it from
dripping inside so I will hold it out
the window oh you're an exercise that is
surprisingly stupid right what's that
lievable is that Ben is just four point
seven five one tenth but better than you
without the GU without the cookie puss
100 if you haven't already figured out
what happened it continued to melt it
did not suddenly freeze in the Arctic la
air and when I got out of the car it was
just along this all over the car wiped
it down and stuff but they charge me
after did you tell the guy yeah you know
I I told them was he cool about it or
was he pissed um yeah I think it was a
she she was just she charged me if not
cleaned it but yeah understandable it
was cookie puss it was everywhere and it
tastes a little bit weird but it's still
fun she was like I thought you said it
didn't melt okay so these are by the way
the kind of conversations we have in the
postgame exactly if you're interested
two or three diagrams /join alright
alright now wrong about cookie puss
cookie puss is is is not the same as
fudgie the whale flood you the whales
that same as a different one cookie puss
how can they use a different one for
every holiday but yeah okay who names a
kids ice cream cookie puss that seems as
he was more controversial than it should
be but back but it was the 70s I mean
back then they wouldn't even freeze an
ice cream cake for a gay wedding
okay yes that makes sense I think that
makes sense is a joke okay a long way to
go yes but we got there we got that so
Jon's rating is a four point seven four
and we're finally at the game Jencks
rating is higher or lower then John's
John's I just checked it did say that
you'd uncovered the secret to a high
score know that don't cookie puss okay
there yeah yours who's got one hi I'm
saying lower I'm gonna say lower every
okay overwhelmingly lower is it correct
it is the answer that you guys are
giving this is sanity in the control
room tonight okay okay but yeah it was
five to one but Andrew Gilliam the
winners shocker all right
is there anybody lower than John in the
control room on there uber ratings have
you guys checked no no apparently no
nobody's lower than John John is the
lowest person we know yeah yeah every
morally physically what was your rating
four point seven eight okay well
Margaret I believe you guys in the for
violence it's unfair Harrison I just
like to get in an uber and not talk okay
I don't wanna know I make all my
business calls in in all my when I'm
driving when I'm in the Hooper so I'm
surprised my rating isn't lower I'm
right but I do I do the thing of like
sorry but I gotta make a call right
Wendy's rating for you is low Oh like
she won't even allow me in her car
anyway and she made me watch it
so last thing on this this could help
you in your competition Michael I Craig
our stage manager unsurprising with the
highest score here if you'd asked me to
guess I would have guessed that Oh skip
has a higher score oh it's gifts for
0.94
or whatever he has a 4.95 Jesus wit
mistaken for ubers no every night Wow
what do you do for those guys yeah two
updates crowd-sourced from having you
all in here John you're coming in with
its updates about this not about
politics country crypto says a hashtag
to XE live that's not true Michael I
Drive uber and we can go through and see
which rides tipped us oh but we rate you
immediately after the trip is done
that's what the guy said so a candidate
you know what I'm sorry the he's right
and I misreported they see what it
doesn't you can't rate you can't get
your next I believe who Ryan can get
your next ride until you rate and you
can't see what the tip was until after
you rate yeah yeah okay first of all
fake news right okay and say you know
what do I tell you we're not the
interest you're the actor yes okay thank
you for editing that important
historical context dear from
Congressional baseball fan who says
speaking of ice cream in Arizona Doug
Ducey calls himself the ice cream man
because he was the CEO of cold stone
state all right they do not make cookie
puss I just want to be clear yeah but
kind of good yeah I prefer Amy's but I
you know what's ridiculous it may be
like 30 to see slightly more right and
now do you see doesn't have a chance
oh my god it's the ice cream offers no
nobody saw it coming in the middle of
the desert I was so sure it was gonna
work
you knew we were gonna bring it all
though yeah admit something just because
I'm feeling a little bit punchy too so I
was riding I was riding with my
girlfriend we're going to like a party
basically like an archer watching party
and as it's starting to melt in there
bar
I have a girlfriend and be going to
anyway as it's starting to melt as it's
starting to melt
I did what I think a lot of men have had
to do in their lives is know that they
messed up but pretend that they don't
understand it so I started telling her I
don't understand why it's melting this
fast even though I knew that I had taken
it out of the fridge like 45 minutes
before drive right way too early
yeah I never admitted that so or not I
just I thought we were gonna leave early
and then I don't know where the computer
most curious part of this entire story
is when you opened it by saying Carvel
cakes don't melt it's been this was a
melting story I mean they don't melt
entirely but why would you even bring
that up
we might about to tell us about how it
melted everywhere it's important that
people understand that this is on a
natural substance of it does not abide
by now it melts all over the car okay
I'm gonna get a cookie yeah I'm gonna
film it bring out over over yeah I hope
to god it's at an arts your viewing
party okay so the drink
Craig yours is four point nine one four
point nine okay we'll call four point I
want so so well how does he have such a
high score yeah he sits in the front
oh just gift sit in the front
skip do you sit in the front no no okay
I'm most of that the skip thing is
unbelievable and therefore switch in the
back and is that a four point nine it's
unheard of okay so you got a microphone
they say what do you do what do you what
do you do for those guys oh I can't hear
you we can't hear you in here oh um I
don't talk and I sit in the back up and
I'm still can't hear you in here oh it's
not so they like when you sit in the
front
oh here you good yeah so I sit in the
back and I don't talk that's what John
does that's it you you sit in the back
and you don't talk that's it that's it I
mean I mean if they say something to me
I'll talk to them but like yeah this is
very low
this is this was the Lisa yeah
didn't I say thank you sit up sit down
if they talk to me I talk to him and if
they don't talk to me I don't talk
there's no waiting there the story yeah
there's nothing that easier than you
think
hey Greg talks to every single one and
he's in the front now I don't think the
front is universally seen as the right
place to sit like I think that would
split the vote yeah well I think you're
getting like some people you're a three
right off the bat right you have to work
your way up to a four just by being in
the front and four is your ceiling
you're never getting the face some
people he's apparently starting in his
six yeah next man nice guy man
we keep my now my new favorite part of
the whole night is gathering to explain
what it means to sit in the back end
let's say you asked us to get that mic
and get turned it on we couldn't hear
but like if you just left in it no I
really don't say anything that's it
right that's fine but he was like no I
sit down then don't say which is
basically what John said and John is two
points less this guy's face is two
points less than skips
