so look this is actually the easiest
wrap-up of all the election nights we
everyone lost except Andrew guilty
they were good progressive wins as
always I'd like to tell you the just
Democrats score and we yeah we went at
two and five and the two were unopposed
so right now for just Democrats I'm
keeping a real but remember we take
chances that's the whole point nobody
else would have endorsed DJO boot yeah
who ran a great race doesn't matter that
she lost she ran a great race right and
I'm just running to get in the future
somewhere else that's right and and I'm
super proud of her shoe she worked so
hard and was a wonderful progressive
candidate and and if you don't do the
Deidre boots you don't get the Andrew
gallops but the huge huge story of the
night is Andrew Gilliam as we talked
about earlier it's it's a we believe
it's a turning point and and I think now
the one of the themes that comes out of
2018 primaries is progressives are here
we have arrived and it also helps to I
mean it helps the Senate race in Florida
it has an effect on Washington and has
effect on that Senate and gaining
control of Congress for the Democrats
because that was one that they add that
still I mean there's no poll yet
obviously but it did look like Rick
Scott was going to be beating Bill
Nelson the polling trends have been that
way and this changes the dynamic because
of the voters that are energized by the
Gilliam candidacy and it's also
important yeah we got I got no love for
Bill Nelson he's blah right
he's literally and and metaphorically
asleep but God it would be great to be
Rick Scott oh if we beat Rick Scott and
De Santis on the same day in Florida who
you don't want to miss 2018 a general
election coverage on The Young Turks
that's just one state it is Trump versus
Sanders in Florida there's no other way
to put it because you have the de Santa
the Santa's put Trump in all of his ads
he he had his his family talking about
Trump did you see that ad with his kids
yo yeah
Oh No yeah that's it really michael
talked about it earlier there but it
really is great framing Bernie vs. Trump
in Florida in that Gilliam DeSantis race
uh it's awesome I mean look I let us now
begin to whisper of a dream of the
general election
Vanover work beats Ted Cruz Gilliam
beats the Santis I'm sorry
cinema beats cinema beats mcsalley
that's three flipped seats for the
Democrats Bredesen against Marsha
Blackburn who's having trouble getting
her candidacy going in Tennessee their
reasons for democrats to be hopeful
tester out of bad poll hi camps had bad
polls in nevada you have Jackie Rosen
doing well against Dean Heller
everybody's talking about the house
there is a chance as we see this thing
get closer that the Senate is in greater
place yes so that's for the Democrats
and that's super important if you care
about being against Trump in his
policies super super important also
being having having committees having
the not just the power to subpoena that
the power to stop what these Republicans
have been doing no judges no judges for
hat they're pushing them through today
yeah crazy and look at a bare minimum
the Republicans don't get to pass laws
anymore
yeah laws that are outrageous and
terrible and regressive etcetera so I
don't want to understate that but but
also within that drama is the
progressive camp
so which cinema is not in no I still
want her to win against me Sally in a
hundred percent Democrats are able to
take Congress Jack and there is a more
of a sprinkling like you said a new
caucus in Congress more of a sprinkling
of progressive that's a win right that's
a double win because you get more
progressives and you get you get control
of one or both houses so you know it's
just because you're rooting for cinema
to beat mcsalley doesn't mean that
you're not elated over Andrew Gilliam
winning in Florida yeah it's it's it's
they're not mutually exclusive yeah
absolutely and and look there's so many
other races Ben Jealous in Maryland that
suit very important Stacey Abrams in
Georgia car Eastman in Nebraska Jim I
would argue James Thompson in in Kansas
and sure and now you would argue a more
company jar against Tonkin hunter jr. in
the 50th district and her Jan's against
Sharon Lunas in central California I was
just covering that race up there last
weekend and that's a you know it's
that's a real race Katey Porter
Ilhan Omar yeah yeah so Illinois amar
and Rashida to leave but not Alexandra
cross to Cortese there they're already
in defacto yeah yeah so that's by the
way so for the just Democrats if they do
a caucus whether it's named that or not
they basically already have six people
in Congress right now and then you've
got all the lot of the other people we
just mentioned right it's exciting man
it is man that election night is going
to be electrifying now of course as we
saw in 2016 anything can happen so if
they start to lose we'll be devastated
and it we've seen in primary night's
significant losses really really hard to
take but if they start winning and
there's a possibility of very very real
possibility now that we start running
the table it is going to be an ecstatic
night and redistricting in North
Carolina could have one or two more
seats to the Democrats in the house to
not to be overlooked but that ruling
today was huge so the Pennsylvania
ruling earlier was huge and in the
polling shows Democrats in an upswing in
in general elections in and so and
there's no one at the top of the
national ticket who has negatives
attached to him or her which is
important this time for Democrats for
Democrats and that is why a lot of times
sitting presidents lose midterm
elections because it's lopsided because
politics is unfortunately a lot of
negativity so there's a lot of
negativity negativity around any
president let alone Donald Trump and we
people keep forgetting how unpopular he
is even if he's at his max of you know
these days around 39% that is a terrible
number if Obama was a 39% it would have
been a bloodbath in in those Lycians
that were already bad in the midterms
right in 39 there is no magic numbers
are numbers math is math
we still live on planet Earth right and
and if they go into that election in
Trump polling in the 30s and everything
else we just discussed it is going to be
an
amazing night so very very exciting I
think the Democrats at this point almost
certainly take the house but you know
there's nothing sir yeah sir I I hear
you got it more than two months look in
even on those videos that their
right-wing passes around about our 2016
election coverage which they so
thoroughly enjoy they're like haha you
got it wrong even in those videos even
in the highly edited once they do you
see throughout like steve-o saying to me
like I'm not buying your skepticism
Hilary's gonna win easy oh so I like
they accidentally admit that I was
skeptical and if you watch that night uh
Ben and I were like don't be so sure
right yeah and so I but I I don't say
that cuz I'm a pessimistic person and
you anybody who watches the uncurse
knows that's not the case it's
situational so what does the polling
show you what you know what are the
other factors involved and that night
there was a reason for concern as
everybody else was so confident it we're
not any we're still got about 70 days
left before the elections just talk
about 2018 but but I'll tell you right
now the Democrats look to be in great
great shape I mean there is I know
everybody's having this outlandish but I
think there's a shot at 250 okay so I
know that would be unbelievable so but
they got a shot at it so but it to your
guys point never underestimate a
democratic party's ability to snatch
defeat from the jaws of victory because
we do not own the finish line right but
but was progressives now leading not
listening but but part of the charts
maybe we will own the finish line yeah
so only one way to find out there's
still some primaries left but we're
getting closer and closer to the general
election as always thank you for all of
you for watching at TYT comm slash live
as we do every election night and thank
you to all the members that make this
possible and get all of our networks
chirps that's t y-t-dot-com slash join
to become a member
thank you guys by the way are we doing a
post camera now
okay one person won't be part of that
post kid okay
you know what I've been promising it all
week so look we're gonna do a quick five
to ten minute one John and I'll do it
okay but for the members we always want
to give extra okay
yeah so TYT comps life's shown for the
members we'll see you there in a minute
Michael thank you yeah of course all
right love it ba ba
