Florida has closed and we already have
results go yes so I'm gonna start off
with one of the races that I'm most I
guess personally or emotionally or
psychologically interested in on the
Republican side actually and so look the
the primary season we've had a lot of
cases of like the establishment
Republican versus the just pro-trump
Republican and today we've got at least
two really good examples of that and the
best one I think in the entire country
is the Republican primary for Florida's
gubernatorial race and there you had
Adam Putnam who I think is the state
agricultural commission leader and the
more establishment Republican candidate
and then yet Ron DeSantis Ron de santis
you might remember from this show ran
the most obsequious fawning political ad
that I've ever seen in my entire life
when he's he's helping his kid to learn
how to build a wall out of colorful
blocks he's just saying big league shoot
like he's just saying the catchphrases
of Donald Trump yeah as his wife like
grins and bears the entire thing he also
looks like he was crafted to be a
Republican you know like they're know a
hair should be a little redder and a
little squarer you know yeah they but it
was pathetic the way that it was like it
was an ad where he's like no I promise
you that my whole point in the Senate
will be the kiss Donald Trump's ass
there's no one thing in the ad about him
there's only he says you're fired that's
my favorite part and he just says the
catchphrases and that's the ad a
professionally produced look good so III
don't know what the results are I can't
wait but I will tell you it's not a it's
not an unwise strategy because
Republicans are authoritarian by nature
and so when here is he's a beta who is
you know sucking up to the Alpha the
other videos are like oh good move yeah
yeah I mean I'd do the same thing I
would kiss the alphas ass I mean that's
what it that's what we do right so I
don't know what the results are so
that's why it's fun I'd be like I'm
gonna be really shocked if the
establishment guy wins well I will tell
you that the race has been called
ready it's been called art this is so
much fun don't your recollections come
on I was really hoping to save this one
for later
Desmond called and with 51% reporting
it's a that's not quite a blowout but
Rhonda Santis with fifty five point nine
percent of the vote Adam putting him
down at 37 point three so a nearly 20
point lead by the guy who I mean you
look he was a congressman some people in
Florida obviously know who he is I
covered him multiple times of my show
and I know nothing other than the fact
that he loves Trump more than anyone
more than Melania I think it's safe to
say and he's gonna be he's gonna be
potentially the governor certainly the
nominee Oh governor sorry I said Senate
earlier so it right again what can I do
but to be fair it's not as easy as Trump
says he has more name recognition and he
got even more name recognition after
doing that preposterous ad and like I
just told you Republicans don't mind
that at all they have they're like yeah
that's that's their authoritarian by
nature so and if you dare criticize
their dear leader like Mark Sanford god
I don't know that he had more name
recognition issues to congressman from
from and Adam Putnam had run statewide
to be agriculture commissioner and he'd
also been a congressman I hear you but
but I mean they were both just
congressmen I mean I don't know why one
would be it and I'll tell you why
because lately the Santas has been in
the news a lot and almost every instance
is for Trump kiss Trump's ass loudly
generated in the middle I'm not just to
add but like he's one of the guys that
goes on TV like no Donald Trump is right
about everything okay I wrote once
having camera on my house and F my wife
he was right about that okay I mean look
yeah she had it coming
literally okay oh no he didn't quite say
that but he will defend Trump on
anything and so that's why he's been in
the news a lot I don't doubt that he
generated much more news but I mean
coming into the race he did not I don't
think he had he probably came in at a
disadvantage name recognition he
probably turned it around with his
obsequious flattery in support of Trump
that's probably again to your point
that's probably what that would that's
what did it
