you're about to watch ana kasparian do
what she does best fight for progressive
values she's doing it at political 2018
but she does it here every day at the
home of progressives TYT joined today by
clicking the link in the description box
below we have a very important of the
larger health care debate so no further
ado just want to start introducing our
hands first
The Young Turks she was hired in the
Forbes 30 under 30 list in 2016 and the
daily diet is one of the top women of
YouTube prior to her work with the Young
Turks and has also served as a
contributor on MSNBC RT and pivot in
addition to hosting duties on Team t YT
she calls her home program hashtag no
filter which airs live on T YT and as
part of YouTube's daily linear TV
programming
anyway he's soldered editor-at-large the
weekly standard which began in 1995
before starting the weekly standard in
95 mr. crystal led the project for the
Republican futures where he helped shape
the strategy that have reduced in 1994
Republican congressional victory before
that mr. crystal served in senior
positions in the Reagan and Bush
administration's and in part of the
University of Pennsylvania and Harvard
University he is a giant in Republican
politics of the American Board of
Internal Medicine an American or of
addiction medicine former assistant
clinical professor of medicine of USC he
is widely and effectively known as dr.
true
organization for children but reserved
until you've had a chance to express
yourself because you're gonna see a
stark distinction and we have to use the
world as you're saying when it comes to
healthcare and my is from the ground
mine is from the standpoint of be an
ombudsman in primary care representing
patients in the healthcare system and
I'll tell you that not only our patients
filtered as they parted navigate through
the healthcare system such as it is a
Medicare page or insurance or minute or
somebody's trying to make do with
whatever
it's the only way
and healthcare that's kind of a lousy
care if you don't get a team carrier you
don't get consistent care we don't have
data about the patient's we should have
computerized native on every single
patient all their little every doctor
and every patient at the point of care
we don't have any of that we might have
really badly by the piece we insist on
the piece and we assistant no
connections and so we are damaging
people every day really need team care
comorbidities are not getting it and
they need primary care they need primary
care and extenders that basically needs
an entire care package that they needed
in a way that's consistent to them and
we don't do that the reason we don't do
it is because Medicare and other payers
stand in the way and system lying there
with a piece and number the bag so we
did care teams we need primary care and
when you look at us and the rest of the
world to your point the biggest
difference between us in a year when it
happens what twenty on health care as we
do is they can't remember it here right
they insisted every single patient into
primary care
every single citizen is entitled to
primary care and because they get
brighter here right they have half as
many needs for especially secure tagging
my priority romantic 2015 Europe is
proving the meaning and I tell you could
you read the only times you will see
articles about the need for doctors to
be supervising or nurse practitioners
and would you buy me this is not some
spare clothes for fact they do a great
job at a PA they do a great job but I
literally recollect times what they were
to advocating for a doctor to supervise
their issue here where we are the only
advanced country that does not offer a
single
and regarding you know primary care
physicians but we need to kind of talk
about is what our priorities are with
our taxpayer dollars
because one of the countries that NSF
carrot write happy Israel they have a
universal health care system and they
take good care of their citizens now the
argument here in the United States is
that we do not have the resources and it
is not sustainable to offer universal
health care to local areas with our
taxpayer dollars but it is a kind of a
city that we still give country that'll
do miraculous you can write universal
health care sustainable use to the
citizens we can give that up a tree
three billion dollars a year direct for
today we just approved to the thirty
eight billion dollar defense package for
this trip now why don't they need that
money if you say so
they demerits of it if you want to gain
from Caroline do you think our problems
don't - full single-player they're
giving this country insurance companies
rolls of work with the employer
we should this in a sense these four
serious about forms the kid you want
good people to have the people to become
physicians which means you want to think
about reimbursement life chances and
opportunities for positions you want to
develop really important which means you
have that incentive to do it so this
copy insurance companies are very open
to a different system there's a huge
infrastructure is the Obama
administration were discovered here you
have to work with it people kind of like
their employer why they don't care sure
it's rather
my insurance to get a computer there
John McCain in 2008 about proposed grab
move away from flavored by the insurance
and he got a hold on it but candidate
Obama you're gonna take a woman's
employers by the insurance it's most
people like rather well so it's a very
difficult political issue accomplished
that everyone who's a enthusiastic and
former on all fours but you do need to
think through the politics of it and
these are people were not simply
motivated by greed or selfishness or
enemies of people who have jobs you have
working hospitals who are care
physicians from manufacturers and we
many people in Jordan many more people
underinsured and any other country could
buy that much care and
they're for tutoring we are literally
that much worse than the rest of where
we buy it here incredibly bad that you
don't want to care but am i coordinated
care we don't have any kind of internal
price competition in major areas of care
and if we actually reorganize care in a
patient-centered way we could literally
do it for a couple trillion dollars when
we're spending three trillion dollars
what did the estimate of what it would
cost to have a better compare for also
call the estimate fee what would cost
the country my estimate is we can do it
for less than the three trillion easily
material oh yeah
like Germany tomorrow Germans model okay
Germany and we've always in this
position we've all go to Germany is a
good a good model do you know what
percentage of the employer contribution
and the employees salary what is that
it's certainly higher than what we pay
you pay nearly a fifth of the all your
earnings in your health care but you
don't have to deal with co-pays you
don't have to deal with three beyond us
are to deal with the confusion of
25 you're learning and go in and Helens
is currently go to private insurance
companies in the form of premiums
deductibles co-pays additional co-pays
when it comes to pharmaceutical drugs
and speaking of which I can't let us go
I just want to quickly answer the
question of why it is that the
pharmaceutical companies develop drugs
here in the United States no one ever
talks about the federal government and
its investment in the research of
pharmaceutical drugs here in the United
States that's precisely the reason why
these countries as far as developing
them in Europe so the argument is look
we don't have our prices for
pharmaceutical drugs are not as low as
other countries because we want to give
these pharmaceutical companies an
incentive to develop the drugs here in
the United States to be based here in
the United States the reason why our
based here in the United States is
because the federal government
subsidizes their research gives them
money to do the research necessary to
develop these drugs I mean look the
federal government is the Lycoris flawed
but it navigators credit for how to
invest in the innovation whether it's at
a sector or whether it is in the
pharmaceutical industry and it's always
a argument no no we shouldn't we should
have negotiated drug prices because if
we do that they won't be here anymore
they will be developing than here
anymore
that is not true we do invest in them
and incredibly shade that have been
given enemies in st. patents so we won't
have a more affordable option
here on their level I have producers
named wall charlatans here he's a double
organ transplant recipient he was
Jasmine hospital two weeks ago for me
that knows 12 world okay without his
health care for a week stay cedars-sinai
this would be more 250,000
well the reality of what we're dealing
with how do we get to a place where it's
at least reasonable well payroll tax
it's 15 percent of 90 percent they go to
every person every person s big part of
their income in every country Europe
takes that money and puts it into a
voucher and gives it to help last there
is no single government failure there if
you go into Germany go to Switzerland to
go to the Netherlands all of those
countries I chaired the International
Federation of Planets for day
I know these plans they exist in every
one of those countries they get a
voucher from the government and then use
that voucher to deliver best care and
they compete with each other based on
best care there are all competing own
plans in those countries and they had a
much better drug branches so that per se
no mark 19 in Germany I don't know
France 3 trillion is 10,000 bucks per
person that's way more than that in our
what's about say we spend about nineteen
eighty nine percent our GDP on health
care so it may turn out the best
wouldn't cost to afford to be able to
provide double organ transplants which
is not a cheap thing I mean it's easy to
die to God health care but let's also
pay some respect I agree it's not leaked
to the government contribution as well
as the private sector contribution you
know my brother loves that song category
they get a lot of government money they
also have very promising advances in
cancer therapy and that's expensive no
matter who pays for it at the end of the
day and I I'm more concerned about a
quality of health care and improvements
of health care everyone should have
access to health insurance everyone
should have access to health care we can
debate how to do that
this is something the administration
struggled with and they had one way of
subsides they get indicate at a
different proposal conservatives are
typically prefer tax credits others to
propose various exchanges and so forth
but you know you don't want to but we do
want to have access to insurance day he
ever would have access to active
healthcare which is a different issue
than the financing of healthcare that I
just wouldn't get an optically the
actual quality of health care and the
improvements that we can have which God
knows we benefited from over the last
decades in this country and around the
world and with Africa but Jesus
benefited from hugely and that expenses
that it's not really worry about the
expense as much as I do about if we
think we can afford to pay for good
health care in this country we need to
make sure we don't we have it sent us
people to continue making improvements
about why does it have to be either/or
process you can both just ensure myself
against catastrophe and everyone to pay
everything else why should I be forced
into a single-payer system
okay the moment you pull a molecule off
the show clapping is today right
you can 15 years to study that get it
through the FDA and make your profit and
that's it it's zero but it takes about
five seven years together the study to
get it through the FDA at the price of
on average two billion dollars the nfpa
and then you've got about six seven
years to get that up to building in the
back now most drugs are designed such a
way that they can do that but then it's
not a great incentive system and it
guarantees high prices and even what it
is hiding appearances that's only 14% of
the healthcare cost that's on 114
percent the rest of that money is going
into bad care
position salaries we do what our
subspecialist of peers make sometime
today 100 times more so if you want to
stick it out our primary care
litigation is far as how systemic okay
the litigation basically said if we took
all people in the special care we go to
primary can have and pay for their
entire medical school every single
amount they gave you free yeah we would
have paid back in three years or you cuz
of the difference is the fees between
the primary care but they may not twice
what we make and we're the ones that
have to get the patient to the system
educate the patient of bag deal with all
the my ability to deal with the deficit
the paperwork the insurance everything
flows to primary care and then you want
to throw a bunch of extenders in the
middle which only this is our liability
and makes it almost impossible to manage
quality because your patience your pace
the primary care doc for medical school
your make sure every single patient gets
a primary care I'm going to get
immediate access to primary care and
Fixer conditions faster earlier
to do that here no reason not to develop
you also what people who can do the
double organ transplant
let us say we came to some agreement
that we know care system and we know
that we all agree we say access for
healthcare it's more than just access
it's about affordability so and we agree
that that should be on the table let's
say we've agreed all that now how do we
actually get this government to do
something before is to create a system
where our elected officials have our
best interest in
is a lot of the laws that can pass in
regard to our health care system are a
result of financial pressure by the
private industry so that's precisely one
of the reasons why we pay more for
pharmaceutical drugs for instance I keep
giving you that example but that example
is just so perfect it kind of just
opposed what we pay here in the United
States compared to what they pay in
Canada so what does we have that
corruption out I think then we have a
law makers that are going to look out
for us and our best interests and by the
way these are the same lawmakers who
will badmouth government-run health care
as they take advantage of their you know
free government health care when you
look at a Medicare stands now just by
the way is flawed can be improved and
under a Medicare for All system if it
wouldn't be improved but even so
Medicare if you poll Americans for you
who are currently uses Medicare it is
they'd be following this program which
is why our politicians don't want to cut
it because they know it would be an
unpopular thing to do
Medicare for all Reuters poll just
indicated that a seventy percent of
Americans would support Medicare for all
it's because we're tired of the
complexity of the current system
we're tired of having this issue where
we don't want to go see the doctor every
year for any will checkup because we're
afraid of what we might find I have back
issues I had a great job and a great PPO
you want to know how to win a college I
did want to go to the doctor to figure
out what's going on with my back
0% because I don't know what the
surprise bill I'm gonna get my husband
just has
shoulder surgery again at PPO all right
out of pocket we spent over three
thousand dollars for his stroller
surgery so again on an individual who
have absolute private surance and you
still end up hanging that much out of
pocket one of the top reasons why
Americans file for bankruptcy is because
of the medical debt
our heart dollars to the benefit and
enriched our lives to keep us healthy
surgeries cost a lot more than $3,000 if
you actually want to know the real cost
trained nurses and have trained
physicians and having the expertise to
do that it's and recuperation of whether
it is an expensive thing it's gotta be
paid for somehow I can't see anyone
setup performs whether it's better
compensation for primary care physicians
which might be a good idea or maybe it's
getting rid of insurance companies you
can have an employer provided health
care which is really a sister Society
insurance companies you might say ain't
going to kind of Germany Switzerland
tight plan I'm totally doing that but
this plan is deeply embedded in our
country it's very hard to change it
politically people like every
administration Democratic and Republican
Clinton found this and then pushing
became found this and then Obama found
this at drums phlanagus of course with
the attempt of two
recovered feeling replace Obamacare
people are relatively satisfied with
their currently satisfied enough but
this is the political problem I'm not
saying it's good or bad
that is hard politically to change it
and it's easy to view Democrats or
Republicans alike it is hard to reform
healthcare politically and it is hard
because people would nervous about
change
they are mostly reasonably satisfied
with Medicare agree with that if you ask
elderly people and everywhere that's why
they're easily satisfied most of them
with their employers by the plans and
therefore it's just hard fact me to say
trust us we're going to totally change
this and it's going to work out better
and in fact people have tried to make
those changes have tended to pay a price
politically maybe it's a prize Nancy
Pelosi shot through Obamacare the
Democrats lost the house but maybe she
did the right thing when she deserves
phrase maybe McCain deserves praise for
trying to perform the employer based
system but it's just not just telling
you this is an analytical fact so far
maybe the change in 2020 maybe someone
can run on Medicare for all Manilla
change this about that's an interesting
question but that has been the dynamic
for the last 25 years or so it's hard to
change system the things that they are
politically or checked and other things
which are really implemental reforms in
the system what's wrong jørgen
extremities what's wrong with
incremental changes and improvements
pre-existing conditions was an
incremental change changes my friend
minute at this time what we need to do
is have a really clear
for what we want health care of me we
need to do the same we want computer
support for the care of every patient
that does many conditions if you have
all the informations when you're
operating protocols specialties there's
actually intelligent support care
delivery but we need is a vision that we
need all the information available every
patient of all the time at the point of
care will be needed and we need every
patient that access to primary care
in a way that's paid for the end when
you make those changes you can transform
care every person in America we do
everything in this country set up care
do you think about all the things you
buy from sharing information with each
other so you get patients but what
doctor to another about the day is Xerox
with their medical record and care to
their science and the next site doesn't
have a place to put it if anywhere to
put it
and so we can barely mandate that we
coulda mandate the existence of
electronic medical record every doctor's
office and we could mandate that those
systems all be connected and care would
be a better for all of us very very
clear so even in the short term we could
improve what we have in an incremental
sense
change is that beyond our reach no no we
could be going from there we actually
have the contacts that we can use to
deliver team care to everyone and we
could deliver it for the last month
three trillion and it's going to be
better care the science and medical care
changes every day
it's better than doctors don't have
nobody some of them are okay
working really well and you can try to
take those away to the doctors they get
really angry and some of them who are
not put together with care okay with
regulation don't want to frame the
discussion around incremental change
because I think incremental changes is
precisely the issue that they keep
running into so the hood therapy small
fixes here there yeah we experienced
that up the affordable care act okay and
look there were some big fixes including
allowing people to stay on their
parent's insurance until they're 26
getting rid of or preventing private
insurance for kicking people off of
coverage if they have a pre-existing
condition those are important changes
but they were incremental it doesn't
really change the lack of affordability
when it came to these these insurers of
these plans and the price keeps going up
every year the price controls under the
Affordable Care Act wasn't enough wasn't
enough and as well a lot of people are
understandably frustrated upset angry
with the system that we have right now
you know talking to primary care
physicians one of the issues that they
do have is going through the
authorization for various treatments or
various procedures that they want to do
to deal with have to deal with you know
the private insurers and getting things
authorized so shitty
here's here's the issue with that
interested in having a conversation
about multiple solutions are trying
different things the conversation in our
heard political system immediately goes
back to a profit-driven model the
doctors are not the enemies
okay so positions are fantastic you got
to the ones who practice preventive care
that actually lower the cost for health
care
my shoe is the profit structure in the
profit model
let me ask you since Republicans are
power right now Oval Office both houses
of Congress what would be your
recommendation to members of the
Republican Party or leadership to move
this issue forward so it's more than
just a conversation I don't have any any
magic a lot of good things the fact is
the preventing insures throwing people
off once they develop takes us ignitions
was a Clinton administration initiative
in 98 I think it was the Affordable Care
Act made it harder to deny people coming
on to insurance betray existing
conditions I do that I do maybe the
wrong maybe things will change in 2020
but I guess I remain more interested in
mental changes and looking at the parts
of the system that are flawed I'm
looking for computerization make it
easier to do that extremely frustrating
for positions of looking at the bright
so your sentence we give medical schools
the incentives should give hospitals but
I just think not demagoguing it honestly
it's important there I mean you can find
you can say all the doctors only as a
citizen technicians are important nurses
are important people who work in
hospitals so important administrators or
importance to the degree that things
work much more slowly than they used to
and I think there's a lot about us they
do it to that Lee is there's an awful
lot of people maybe this is implode or
something there are awful lot of people
are making things work it works you
and things off from the emergency doctor
to the you know specialist and so forth
it is a complex system maybe you can cut
through the Gordian knot I really am NOT
opposed to that if you can do it but I
don't think so for that is a very hard
dr. Jim let me ask you this is that your
experience is that people fewer people
are willing or pursuing the medical
field because there's just no reason to
do it it's painful existence you have
been calling if it's a calling you'll do
it and you'll feel the joy of love it
but in terms of being able to have life
and be able to support your kids forget
it and make a living forget I can't
barely pay my overhead of my office and
it's just way and then you got it
but my kids taught me something through
this for 35 years have continued to
struggle with it and they wouldn't even
consider doing this so and I'm hoping
for some well trained pas physician
extenders because they can be great
but that's a whole other thing than what
people are across the question positing
medicare-for-all are we agreed that we
should we should there needs to be real
change
I think 6502 choice keeping my employer
provided insurance or Medicare I baby
everything about the Chinese choice
stone but the question fundamentally
about should should say that no the
answer is is men a pair that he brought
models of half of the whole country
and I think first to say this it's kind
of a catchy slogan and people like
Medicare so it's something intelligent
slow but really figuring out I don't
think most proponents of Medicare for
all our four feet of service medicine in
the way that Medicare currently was
which then cost about hands then you
have price controls that doctors drop
out of the program we don't want that
for hall anymore than we do but I think
for the elderly so I'm not saying you're
I think the hottest debate I very much
agree with you on this about
single-payer different versions of it
whether you would have competition
between health providers within
single-payer the center that's
intelligent debate simply the slope it
doesn't see you that much underestimate
how important it was to have the
pre-existing condition that was
breathtakingly important that was me not
telling you must all know that right
you've all experienced that and that
change a lot just so to your point if we
could make some moments like that
maybe we can really help you let's go to
the questions please keep breathing
please keep them in the form of a
question you can address to anyone or
everyone go ahead hello my name is
Ibrahim Aldridge
so my question dr. drew brought up
earlier about and there might be some
other people that won't yeah so I guess
my questions for Ana's what was the like
what are your thoughts on having a
means-tested program versus a keto
personnel's program why wouldn't one do
you think it's better sure I personally
think that it makes more sense to have
the plan that's been in proposed under
Medicare for all and and I agree that
the Medicare for all is a class
slogan but if you look at the details of
the plan it is not simply expanding
Medicare as it is today to cover
everyone it would be much more robust
and the reason why I think that's
important is because you have a system
that everyone is paid into and I think
that that helps to keep the costs low I
think that that helps to sucess those
who are in poverty who wouldn't have the
means to contribute to a private health
plan and so look at again in the day the
real debate we didn't really get into
this much is how much higher earners
would subsidize lower earners and I
think that's the reason why this is such
a contentious and controversial issue I
think that there is a lot of fear that
that would be a fair redistribution of
wealth is an issue here that of course
gets debated in Congress all the time
so the like I do have a
government-controlled plan that everyone
pays into so it's robust and it can
actually help provide for all the
services we need
we need everyone in the Bristol if we
only had burning houses and fire
insurance health insurance is different
in the premium stage lower also because
because it's real insurance that because
when we finger part for a routine thing
suggesting you pay cash so that it's
basically car insurance is catastrophic
insurance and it works pretty well and
if the prices are not coming up as much
medical insurance and I do think is a
strong case among the choices people
would have some even for a government
body plan would be a kind of
catastrophic plus cash choice which
would put a downward pressure on routine
things and of course car the organ
transplants and so forth thank you yes
sir
I'm a psychiatrist but we being able to
discourse um what's in the literature my
training and where I'm currently working
now attending and you touched on this
earlier one of the biggest things that
I've seen just for efficiency of care
and I imagine cost is the lack of
communication between various providers
you know even between department mental
health and Department of Health Services
were on to freaking Amar's and patients
receive care and both sectors we're not
talking to each other and so we get this
redundancy of ordering if you know as
far as cost goes do you think that is
you know one of the top things are the
number one thing that is driving up
health care costs or are there
things just again as far as efficiency
and the fact that we can't do
team-killer the current system means
again order 3 CT scans for the same
patient where you could have done one
scan using three times it just doesn't
make any sense to have to duplicate
those those kinds of things and do not
know what a patient comes in with asthma
to the nominal also a drug addict that's
crazy but there are rules right now they
keep the factor an addict for being
available to the primary caregiver we
need every doctor demo information about
the patients of real death and your
point about keeping up
we need electronic medical libraries
they have no that's really created we
don't have that KP handed Mayo and some
sites have us but it's the only site
specifically to pay an arm and leg to
get it and they get the carrier rhythms
part of a baby born and that every
single doctor the country should have
that because it's not that expensive not
that hard to do and every Medical
Journal
every doctor every day for every patient
and we could easily put that in place
that's the negative n up change but it's
huge and right now too many doctors are
not fully informed how can you how do
you keep on all your board
certifications if you're not reading the
literature and taking the test I know I
know thank you
question is for the intern the military
health care system allows in call
TRICARE no doubt has its issues well
it's my experience has been very
positive I just had every time I need
just a couple days ago it cost me
nothing
Long Beach what's that like Philip
listened cost me nothing
I know for somebody who would also need
to say we're on MRI right run three five
thousand dollars like that and that's
just I mean that just the copay itself
so these systems already exist and
they're in place already and again it'll
be has its issues but for me my
experience for a lot of my friends has
been very positive TRICARE is very
positive so my question is these systems
already exist that would try can be able
I can we just implement them on a wider
scale
I know that you know I know that medical
care is expensive but if I was in Iraq
the war itself is this maybe cost us two
three three trillion dollars and that's
just Iraq itself
the conflicts that protects Wars again I
believe in the destroy defense but
somehow we always play money for Wars
we'll to support her and so some places
you're getting really wonderful care of
great information but it doesn't
transfer to the next site they need to
fix that but they couldn't accept that's
again another thing you could easily be
fixed they went to one medical record
instead of a hundred twenty-five then
you would get Vesperia every site not
just or maybe I believe there was a
bipartisan consensus pushed by actual
veteran this is JD would be treated the
VA to get better it's more choice at the
reverse the one that went outside the VA
system as well as in the VA system so so
no tricare's also for for people who
served the military but the recent VA
choice bills so I'm not so sure that you
want one system use VA hospitals the
military so complicated thing it's
obvious an unbelievable amount of
excellent emergency care or the
life-saving care that otherwise killed
of the people basically from age 18 to
age you know 50 it's a it's a lot of the
problems that you would be things to
look at and no one's proposing doing the
way we needed them but I would just say
in the VA and I'm sympathetic to the VA
they have a tough job to do it so forth
but I would not be in favor of limiting
the care of veterans to be a your server
yeah we should pay more fragrant
physicians here in Europe every single
country has enough primary care
physician that many more that we do and
they forgive the medical school debt for
primary care physicians you can pay for
it if you go into the specialty care but
so these those doctors can go into
practice and they can focus on patients
and just worry about what the right
thing is for that patient and that worry
about the ribbon stream so we need to do
something like that we could so some
universities throughout the country I
believe NYU happens to be one of them
has decided to start forgiving medical
debt comes to
thank you for responsibility I heard
everybody you guys prattling on and I
were suspect you I'm trying to be
disrespectful but as a guy who has a
schizophrenic the thing is all the
things interesting in our specimen I
understand but as a person who's been
homeless on death bed and see in a way
unconscious all the things you guys are
saying it was that especially you and I
understand where you're coming from
respectively actually thank you and
welcome
so I want to ask you are we in all of
that melody month with all this money in
military and all this money everywhere
that comes about whatever thank you
I think that you make an important point
oftentimes the people who are in
positions of power who do have these
discussions are people who aren't
necessarily impacted by the decisions
that are made right and so a
middle-class family is going to have a
lot more at stake when it comes to our
healthcare system as opposed to someone
who's let's say at the top one percent
or our politicians who don't have to
worry about you know providing
themselves with health insurance because
they are provided health insurance
because in fact the fact that they're
politicians so I think that you make a
good point I think it's the conversation
out of the moment it's being dominated
by the people in positions of privilege
and we need to ensure that people
elected officials specifically pay
attention to their constituents as
opposed to the best interests of their
corporate donors you need somebody to
care about somebody who actually cares
about you and watches you and make sure
you get what you need and that's the
responsibility who should be taking and
very few do we're way up here you're
right and I'm telling you on the ground
being relatively ignored and I'm sorry
I'm sorry I just wanted to ask a
question sees how they'll say that it's
a very deeply embedded system what would
be the most effective way to go about it
seeing how we got different facets here
the people who said their policies
people who suffer the policies the
politicians who know simple data and of
course the women who keep them to their
feet to the fire
what's the most effective way to go
about see through all these pens
so that's number one but honestly number
two we're seeing the emergence of
younger political candidates and you
know really holding feet to the fire and
we needed more political activism I
think that we're finally seeing a little
more of that and we need political
activism from people who feel the issues
that we just discussed on this panel so
we have money on politics get it
politically active if you don't want to
run it for office you know regardless of
what a political party you're in get
involved in some way be politically
active be aware educate yourselves I'm
so impressed by how much people know
these days how closely people are
watching what's going on in the
political world more important when it
comes to policy people aren't relying on
you know a mainstream media narrative of
what's happening in the country they're
really researching it themselves and
that's a good thing is that everyone's
spinning about what's going on the
federal level there's a lot you can do
in your city county state law that was
originally the mat alexis de tocqueville
notice that about us in 1820 he said
that's the reason the market works in
America local practice of democracy pay
attention baby bird just like this go to
your city government go to your County
County meetings they didn't listen to
you I'm sorry to be mad
I do apologize my health insurance call
me and they said if we'd be okay for me
to fly back to Switzerland get the
surgery there because there would be
$2,000 instead of here $27,000 version
off like the bill they wouldn't give it
to me and I was wondering if you think
that because there's this vagueness with
how much it cost a better expert because
paid or someone anybody ever pays if we
set the cost straight and everybody
would be aware of how much the stuff
actually cost we probably will be able
to discuss this Earthcare topic
very aligned the u.s. coronary artery
bypass can range from $20,000 to $40,000
a hospital you have no way of knowing
when you into it away price is going to
be upfront and if you're in Switzerland
it would be under $10,000 and if you
were France be 5,000 the coronary saving
surgery same procedure better outcomes
costs a lot less every place else in the
world every island
so those bills every much lower we need
both price transparency but we also need
price constraint we are being abused
$40,000 price I'm sorry jump in there
and that's gonna be our time I'll get
our panelists may stay around a bit
longer please
