this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm Robert Jeffers is
evangelical leader
god help evangelicals and he is
sometimes accused of hypocrisy because
he's an unbelievable hypocrite but
specifically on the issue of Donald
Trump I mean they told us our whole
lives
ah family
Donald Trump meanwhile with 18 different
mistresses and raw dog style and right
after his wife had a kid we goes and has
an affair lies about and pays hush money
now evangelical leaders going around who
come on a mistress hush money of course
of course morality I never cared about
morality so how is he gonna answer that
church so this is fun to begin with but
wait till you get a load of what Donald
Trump said back to him okay
so first let's watch the so-called past
this is not what you would ever do as a
leader of your church you would preach
against much of what the president's
done in his life is that a fair
trade-off for you then on the judges on
the issue of abortion and those other
things well first of all Shannon to be
fair we have to understand these are
still allegations against the president
so I'm not going to judge the president
on these things but even if they were
true some of these allegations I mean
obviously we don't support extramarital
affairs we don't support hush money
payments but what we do support are
these president's excellent policies and
so I think the left is trying to shame
people like myself continuously for
supporting this great president it's not
going to work we're not going to turn
away from me because I've had a number
of mistresses myself and abortions oh
but they're just allegations by the way
that that was not true necessarily but
personal life what would be super clear
I have no idea how much of a hypocrite
he is at his personal okay but I
remember to be fair to him when it was
allegations against Bill Clinton's Oh
it's just allegations I'm sure that was
his reaction oh but that's right no all
the conservative evangelical leaders
were like right no so I mean come on
these are just allegations of mistresses
and hush money and raw dogness okay
they're just allegations yeah I'm sure
evangelicals you know don't protest
outside of abortion clinics and shame
women as they're entering those clinics
ever right and though he has the nerve
to talk about how the left wing is
shaming him on his obvious blatant
hypocrisy right all right so now we get
to the fun part that was just an
appetizer
Donald Trump has evangelical leaders
over at the White House and this is what
he tells them Gordon do new news this is
fairly breaking it just happened right
before we came on the show he says quote
the level of hatred the level of anger
is unbelievable part of it is because
some of the things I've done for you and
for me and for my family but I've done
them first let's pause I don't know what
that means what because of the some of
the things I'd done for you okay I get
that that's the policies and for me you
lost me there okay yeah and for my
family wait what did you do for your
families that was at the policies or the
things you did against your family he
can't help himself but I've done them I
feel like he's given us a little bit of
it's like a foreshadowing message about
how he's done more corrupt things for
the benefit of himself in his band yeah
I think no so I think what he did was in
mid-sentence he went from hey remember
the good policies I did for you guys and
I looked out for myself and I did those
things I guess my family but I did them
because there's no like it's just a
train of thought there's no logic
there's no name all right so let's
continue against worse this November 6th
election is very much a referendum on
not only me it's a referendum on your
religion it's a referendum on free
speech and the First Amendment ok notice
he says it's a referendum on your
religion yeah okay now for a little
while he pretended to be Christian yeah
I remember that when he couldn't
remember any Bible verses he couldn't
remember what church he went to anything
he took a famous picture of it next to
an evangelical leader in his office with
a cover of Playboy magazine right next
to them on the wall of his office
good with his face on the cover I mean I
hear you have a religion and they're
attacking your religion you vote for me
I will defend your religion whatever it
is okay anyway I'll try not to do the
voice on this one you can't by the way
real quick you can't say that it's the
left coming after the First Amendment
when you continuously go after the press
and talk about you know punishing them
for not covering you in the way that
you'd like them to see Jeffress at least
has like a little hint of shame because
no because he at least recognizes it and
it dresses it on Fox News right he's
like he covers up for it but you can
tell he's a little uncomfortable Trump
no self-awareness no shame at all no
empathy those things are missing so he's
like can you believe they're going after
the First Amendment you call the press
the enemy of the people you talk about
shutting down the Washington Post
because it's owned by Jeff Bezos I don't
I honestly don't know if he's ever read
the First Amendment but not only is
their freedom of speech for this freedom
of other press written into the First
Amendment probably doesn't know that but
with no shame at all they're sick can
you believe they were the way they were
taking the First Amendment okay so he
goes on to say they will overturn
everything that we've done and they'll
do it quickly the referring to vote left
and violently violently and violently
he's repeated it there's violence of
course a third repeat when you look at
Antipa you look at some of these groups
they are violent these are violent
people so four times he calls the left
violent let's remember who caused the
violence in Charlottesville it was the
far right and he said look there's good
people on both sides yeah okay so
non-stop right-wing ideologies guns
violence guns violence right inane to
turn around are the left wings very
violent yeah I mean you see that Bernie
Sanders no but Bernie Sanders to be to
be extra fair he was the one while
campaigning said that he wanted to punch
someone in the face right oh no that was
Donald Trump oh sorry my mistake he was
the one that said just physically
assault people who don't agree with me
and I'll pay your
illegal bills oh no that was Donald
Trump he said about the left being
violent he said in the good old days
people protesting people like me at
rallies like this would get carried out
on stretchers hmm okay but the left is
violent please okay so he goes on to say
you have people that preach almost 200
million people 150 too close depending
on which Sunday we're talking about and
Beyond Sunday hundred hundred and fifty
million people I don't understand that
all one does I don't only want spend any
time on it Donald Trump's madness all
right
so now last one this is my favorite
little thing Merry Christmas
oh my god little thing Merry Christmas
you couldn't say Merry Christmas I'm
telling you when I started running I
used to talk about it and I hate to
mention it in August but I used to talk
about it
they don't say Merry Christmas anymore
they say Merry Christmas a lot right now
it's all changed it's all changed yep
everyone's saying Merry Christmas right
now could be safe in Nice Navidad as
well not under Trump you kid like again
Magga guys really are you that
unbelievably stupid they didn't think
that people were just not say Merry
Christmas at all in America nobody was
saying Merry Christmas and they wouldn't
Donald Trump gotta like that everybody's
like okay all right dog you got me you
got me Merry Christmas
okay okay Merry Christmas we got more
jubilant and whether it's actually
Christmas time or July we're like hey
you know what
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
everybody now all the time every day
Merry Christmas he's taking credit for
Christmas why do people care why do they
keep like that isn't that political
correctness in in a country like America
like bingo
you know why you have to say Merry
Christmas my mind if you don't so just
relax dude relax
yeah and what do you want like the
people presumably not saying Merry
Christmas are people who might not be
Christian like Jews or Muslims or
atheists or Buddhists or whatever so
like is he bragging I made the Jews say
Merry Christmas
Oh
under me they're all loving just say
Merry Christmas cuz that really is a
true spirit of Christmas forcing people
to sing people to say things they don't
want to say but that's the right-wing
ideology right I control your life and
goddamnit you will be married during
Christmas or perhaps even August what an
amazing story have you heard about the
new TYT audio Network we have some great
new shows for you find us wherever you
get your podcast by searching for TYT
Network or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash audio
