8t is outsourcing thousands of jobs and
this is after the Trump tax cuts have
led to record profits for this
corporation so to give you exact numbers
AT&T is earning record profits spending
billions on stock buybacks and is
expecting an estimated windfall of
twenty billion dollars in savings from
Donald Trump's tax reforms so they're in
a good financial situation right they're
doing well they have no reason to lay
people off or outsource jobs I mean do
they really need to make more money more
profit yeah they do so sixteen thousand
people in the United States have lost
their jobs at the communications giant
since 2011 as it continues to shut down
call centers to consolidate facilities
in the United States or in favor of
offshore alternatives in countries such
as India the Philippines in Mexico so in
some of the countries that they're
outsourcing these jobs to people make
about $2 an hour
so what is the Republican response to
that right well we got to be competitive
so do we lower our wages to $2 an hour
to compete because their reaction to
outsourcing has been oh we more tax cuts
that's gonna be the solution that's
gonna solve the problem except it didn't
solve the problem at all they're making
record profits because of these tax cuts
they're not using it on creating more
jobs or paying their employees more
they're using it on stock buybacks and
they're still outsourcing jobs one more
stat in the past seven years AT&T has
closed 44 call centers foreclosures took
place this year so before we enter more
of 18 T's lies and look I you might find
this weird but I don't blame for the
lies their job is to maximize profit
they're going to lie to you they're
gonna cheat they're gonna take whatever
they can they're gonna legally bribe
politicians that's their job that's
their job so the thing that frustrates
me is when people on TV pretend like
corporations are humans and that they're
patriotic they're gonna do the right
right they're gonna do the right thing
that they have morals no it's not a
person it's a legal fiction and it is it
will do what it is programmed to do it
is programmed to only maximize profit
that's the only code so it will do
whatever it takes to maximize profit so
that they lie about how they're gonna
hire
of course of course they did it's the
exact opposite so I don't want people to
get to misunderstand us either look if
you it's possible that people are using
ATT less because there's no more phones
in your home for example that's entirely
possible and and so then if you don't
have enough people calling in to the
call centers you got a shuttle Mattie
can't keep them running forever if if if
you don't have enough customers but that
is not the case it's not the case yeah
of course I'm giving a wild example
about the home phones in reality of
course ATT now has all the the cellphone
customers
yeah and their call centers are just as
busy as before so it's not saying no you
got to keep your call centers open under
no under all circumstances no no no
that's not the case in this case they
are just as busy and I told you about
their profits will tell you a little bit
more in a second
now and if the offshoring I probably
blame them less than other people do for
that I get it they want to cut their
costs and here it might cost you ten
bucks fifteen bucks an hour whatever it
costs you and in Bangladesh it might
cost two dollars or less then move your
ass to Bangladesh and be based in
Bangladesh you want to do that that's
fine with me you don't get to stay in
the United States you don't get to be
headquartered in the United States you
don't get to take advantage of the US
while shipping all of your jobs abroad
to Bangladesh India Mexico wherever it
is that you want to ship them off to I
was slightly different of you on that I
don't you don't to me you don't need to
be a headquartered in Bangladesh but you
don't get to take advantage of all the
things that America gets to provide and
then offshore the job sing and and go ha
ha we get to do it ok you get to do it
but that doesn't mean you also get to
have tax cuts because you said the tax
cuts were for hiring Americans that was
a lie so ok no problem
offshore anywhere you like give me back
the money yeah look if that's billions
upon billions of billions of dollars we
have to pay as American taxpayers they
got to get the money from somewhere 18th
he's not paying it anymore
they said they get it on your behalf
what a sick joke now that that's to
prove it absolutely proven to be a lie
ok great let's get the money back why is
your attack
now down 21% it was a 35% it hasn't
created any new jobs it wasn't for the
American worker it wasn't for the
American citizens it was for the
executives they of 18t so give us a
goddamn money back you outsource
anywhere you're like I'm not interfering
with your business you make any
decisions you like you want to cut the
call centers that's fine but don't do it
with my money because now we're gonna
have to pay those taxes hell no yeah
look there's a number of different
things going on first off remember AT&T
is doing this mega merger with Time
Warner so this is a telecommunications
company which is monopolizing the market
we already had an issue with
telecommunications companies
monopolizing the market so if you live
in certain areas of the country you have
no choice you have no options if you
want internet if you want a phone
connection you have to deal with one
corporation and one corporation only so
they've monopolize the market while
simultaneously getting these massive tax
benefits then they outsource the jobs to
other countries and they fire a bunch of
Americans who rely on these jobs and
like it's it's a number of different
things this is a layered issue a layered
problem and just to give you more
details on the merger with Time Warner
in the first six months of 2018 80
reported nearly 10 billion dollars in
profit as the company seeks to finalize
this 85 billion dollar merger with Time
Warner AT&T has spent sixteen point four
five billion dollars on stock buybacks
since 2013 including 419 million dollars
in the second quarter of 2018 alone
that's the most that it's spent on
buybacks since 2014 so look the stock
buybacks the bad behavior it was
happening under Obama's watch I'm not
giving him a pass on that at all but
it's now amplified accelerated under the
Trump administration so let me be clear
and I know that people get frustrated
sometimes when I keep emphasizing this
but I'm a capitalist so you want to make
money and you do it in a way that it
does is not harmful to rest of society I
think we should rewrite the code of
public corporations so they have a
second priority it's not just the
maximize profit but at after
you make a lot of money bless your heart
so look at the money they're making ten
billion dollars in just the first half
of the year so there's slated to make it
about twenty billion dollars in profit
in profit okay but what you don't need
is a tax cut when you tell us you need
you need a tax cut otherwise you won't
have you won't be able to do good
business in America a preposterous lie
only someone who is deeply deeply
corrupt would tell you that lie like
politicians who are bought off by AT&T
and other public corporations through
their donations and people they might
what emerges like people that run cable
news stations that are owned by Time
Warner who are probably not doing this
story about AT&T and how they robbed you
blind oh is that why they're not
covering the story interesting you know
what the funny thing is you tell me it's
your media that they're like well that
sounds like a conspiracy theory a public
corporation want to maximize profit is a
conspiracy theory well that's the most
wide open conspiracy that's ever been
reported I mean you have to be it have
either a childlike innocence or be not
very bright to understand how those
corporations work so last thing because
this is the to me the worst of the lies
so they said okay look we're gonna hey
we'll give them bonuses to everybody
because of the tax cuts and they say
they were gonna give a $1,000 bonus of
two hundred thousand employees line
number one was no that had been
previously negotiated with the unions
the unions had gotten that thousand
dollar bonus for the workers then they
go pretend that it's the exact opposite
that it was a Republican tax cut that
did it
okay so that gly is bad enough but the
second lies the worst they said we're
gonna invest a billion dollars into
America
and to American workers and it's gonna
create 7,000 jobs now the Communication
Workers of America in this case is a
union that would love that and they
would applaud a TV sometimes those guys
turn around and and are against
Democrats because they're like hey
listen if you give a tax break or other
breaks to the corporation that my guys
work at that's gonna some of it's gonna
come to me and they go and support those
things so they are aligned with 18t on
that count so they did
analysis because they care about the
guys that they represent it turns out
AT&T since the tax cuts has not added
7,000 jobs they have done literally the
exact opposite they have fired seven
thousand people now again your business
isn't doing well or it's in a struggling
industry meet whatever it might be right
you gotta lay off workers it happens but
you make ten billion dollars is six
months you don't have to lay off those
workers you chose to lay off this
workers you chose to lie and say that
you were gonna add 7,000 workers and
then you say but I need the tax cuts I
need you there very taxpayer to pay more
and me to pay less because poor 18 so I
want to quickly clarify that as well
because the corporate tax rate was cut
from 35 percent to 21 percent under the
Trump tax plan and so when people say
well the middle class is paying more in
taxes than these corporations are
sometimes you'll get a response saying
no that's not true they're paying 21
percent most middle-class Americans
don't pay 21 yet they don't actually pay
21 percent because remember the GOP did
not close corporate tax loopholes they
remain in place they remain intact so
their effective tax rate went from 17
percent to 9 percent I guarantee you
most middle-class Americans are paying
more in federal taxes than nine percent
if you're a conservative independent
doesn't matter who you are and you think
the system is rigged you're absolutely
right it is rigged it's rigged exactly
with laws like this Donald Trump told
you he was gonna close a loophole on
hedge funds they pay way lower taxes
than you do
they're the richest people in the world
I don't mind them making money bless
their hearts but why not pay the same
taxes everybody else does why not pay
taxes at your bracket because why they
bribe the politicians like incredibly
corrupt Donald Trump so he likes
straight to your face saying he'd take
that loophole away guess what didn't
take it away they didn't take any of the
loopholes away any of them so what do
they do they lowered taxes on
corporations kept all the loopholes and
they robbed you blind
so that's how the system is ranked it's
as clear as day
they give campaign donations yes the
corrupt Republicans end
Kratts and they do independent
expenditures they do dark money spending
what is that you and I know what it is
it's a bribe it's a bribe they bribe all
of them including the most corrupt of
them all Donald J Trump
and at the end of the day they come out
and tell you pretty stories about
bonuses and how they're gonna add jobs
next thing you know your jobs shipped
off to India you're screwed you're if
you're lucky you get another job at
minimum wage which is still touted $7.25
for the country that's $15,000 a year
you got to somehow support your family
on that that's how the system is rigged
never miss another TYT video by ringing
the bell below you'll get notified
whenever we publish something new and
don't forget to join TYT and download
the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
