this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm we have a number of
crazy people running to fill Senator
Jeff Flake seat in Arizona Joe Arpaio
happens to be one of them he is insane
for a number of different reasons but
here is the latest example here he is
speaking to Casey hunt on MSNBC do you
think John McCain was a patriot yes a
hero that's hard for me to answer why
why because I never had a hero in my
life until several months ago I woke up
and after 75 years I found my hero you
know who that person is Donald Trump
yeah yeah so look as we talked about
before last night yesterday on the show
John McCain was problematic for a number
of different reasons he was a war hawk
war monger but he also spent five and a
half years as a prisoner of war where he
refused to give up information about his
form his soldiers right refused to give
up classified information like he was
being tortured endlessly for five and a
half years they said you're free to go
cuz your dad's an admiral and he said I
won't go without the other guys and
stayed in that prison for five and a
half years so look the guy has huge
downsides and we're I think we're super
fair and talking about his downsides and
his upsides so but he has a those
significant redeeming qualities
this Arpaio guy goes now not a hero not
a hero no would would wouldn't leave his
guys behind and sat there and got
tortured five and a half years but
Donald Trump cadet bone spurs this
coward who ran in them Brett and then
said that his own personal Vietnam was
avoiding STDs as sex parties in New York
okay that's his hero the
found after 75 years we know why we know
why so Joe Arpaio gets convicted of
contempt contempt
you know after a judge told him hey how
about you stop profiling Latinos he's
like no I'm gonna keep doing it so he
gets convicted of contempt and Trump
pardons him that's why Trump is his hero
yeah that's it that's it but he also
looks like there's something wrong with
him and and I really I think that
there's a good chance that a good number
of conservatives in this country are
following mentally damaged people
including Joe Arpaio he speaks in a
weird way I don't if you saw the Sacha
Baron Cohen episode where he you know we
actually have that for you okay let's
take a look so if the on Google tube
holds you up after this and says Sheriff
Joe I want to offer you an amazing
blowjob would you say yes I may have to
say yes oh my god I did never seen that
before you never saw yes yet does he
know what a blowjob is no I I don't know
that he knows anything I think he might
have lost his marbles
if he ever had them in the first place
before that oh em gee whiz boy oMG he
kept saying okay you know I had this
great hand job was my first job you like
and I was like oh yeah okay
etc right now I know that it's it's kind
of a if he's an old man and he can't
hear and and the guys pretend me ever
Dutch accent etc it's not it's not one
of his best kids to older people know
but what blowjobs are they know I think
to be fair to older people I think they
don't know it's a newer thing it's not a
newer thing I Got News for you okay all
the young kids pray he's a blowjob like
yeah like maybe older people refer to it
as something right no they all refer to
as oral copulation they're like what is
this newfangled blowjob you speak of
okay anyway so but but overall in the
whole skin he looks so confused
and like he's off his rocker he'd be the
perfect Republican senator well it's
that's why he's vying to be
that's why he's got a decent amount of
support by the way you know one of the
post games that we're gonna do I want to
talk about I keep promise you guys this
but we're really gonna do it the
downside of Sasha Baron Cohen because in
his last episode he humiliated a
Republican so badly on one part was
hilarious
but another part was like devastating
and so I want to just talk about that
and comedy and how is it right is it not
right the way that he does it etc so T
y-t-dot-com slash joined to become a
member and get all those post games
we'll talk about it there but back to
Sheriff Joe the good news is he he's got
a good amount of support here but he
doesn't look like he's got any chance of
winning tonight his election is tonight
and and and it's amazes it's amazing how
much they immediately want to follow
their leader so if you asked your
pyogenic in was a good guy a couple
years back he would vote Oh hero hero
but the minute Donald Trump says not
hero he's like oh no yeah yeah I prefer
people who weren't captured yeah it's
pretty incredible
okay so in the same race we also have
Kelly Ward she responded to news early
last weekend regarding John McCain
discontinuing treatment for his brain
cancer and the way she responded was
terrible now this is before he had
passed away she had said the following
on Facebook I wonder if it were just a
coincident that coincidence that Senator
McCain released his statement on the
kickoff day of Kelly Ward's bus tour or
if it was a plan to take media attention
off her campaign I'm not saying it was
on purpose but it's quite interesting
right so that was the post and then she
got a lot of heat for it and she said
this is I can't believe she tweeted this
political correctness is like a cancer
he has cancer and she was questioning
his motives for releasing the timing on
stopping his treatment he died later
that day because yeah Kelly that's
that's what's at like the top of their
mind they're thinking about your
campaign as John McCain is dying of
brain cancer and he thought wait you
know what I should tie my death to the
beginning of her campaign I mean look at
all the problems there the
self-absorption it's unbelievable
Oh self-absorbed can you be that you
think a guy is dying on your schedule
like and that he would give a damn about
you on the last day spend with his
family I mean second level of insanity
is everything's a conspiracy John
McCain's brain cancers a conspiracy
third level is it doesn't matter how
wrong you are you never lose any
conservative supporters well it turns
out it wasn't conspiracy he died that
day right
no Kelly Ward awesome she nailed it and
then of course the lies in there okay oh
no maybe it was a staffer and she says
without tongue-in-cheek
I'm not saying anything I'm just saying
yeah like I say that to kid around she
says it literally about a guy who's
dying who is this one of the Giants of
the center from her say she ran against
him before I know she caught feelings
there right yeah but bounds of reason on
decency and of course no no about that
the defining trait of right-wing
Republicans today in America is there
are no bounds to decency to easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
