David pecker the CEO of ami national
enquirer that is the publication under
the parent company of AMI has resigned
but not from ami he's resigned from post
media boards that is a Canadian media
company they have released a press
release saying that David noted that it
is important for him to focus his
efforts on ensuring that his businesses
are best positioned for continued growth
now again he has not as far as we know
at this moment resigned from AMI parent
company of national enquirer but what we
do know about him is that he has turned
on Trump remember he is a trump
supporter who had done these catch and
kill contracts with individuals who had
dirt on Trump and so now he's
cooperating with investigators in regard
to potential illegal campaign
contributions who knows what he's gonna
tell authorities but what we do know is
it's not looking good for him if he's
willing to resign from this board yes so
don't you don't get a twisted catch and
kill not like Vladimir Putin but you
catch and kill a story so they would pay
a lot of money to someone who thought
hey the National Enquirer is interested
in the story about Donald Trump I'm
gonna sell to them they're gonna feature
it wrong not going to feature it they're
in cahoots with Donald Trump that's why
he has gotten immunity and given
evidence against Donald Trump
it appears and that's why he was in a
world of trouble because some of the
stuff they were doing was potentially
illegal and apparently definitely
illegal that's why he needed immunity
violating campaign finance laws among
other possible legal violations and so
it's not good enough to get him off the
am.i position because that company is
apparently structured for lies and
that's kind of the whole point of the
company have you ever checked out the
National Enquirer have you ever seen any
of their headlines and yeah but but a
lot of people do because a huge
percentage of this country and all other
countries are apparently mental we just
didn't know it until the internet when
they formed a community of mental people
and so and and then started watching it
for worse anyway so but by the way I
just want to give discredit to post
media
I mean they're asking pecker to step
down he has stepped down so my question
to them is they own most of Canada's
newspapers why did you have David pecker
on your board in the first place a guy
who runs national enquirer which is
nothing but fiction and preposterous
stories that have no connection to real
news it should be a deep deep
embarrassment to have that man on any
news organizations board let alone the
political hatchet job that he's done
apparently for years upon years on
behalf of Donald Trump and others well I
think that this is yet another example
of how the media whether it be in the
United States or other countries like
Canada is not dominated or controlled by
the left okay so the people that you
hear crying about the media being
leftist are usually the people who know
that the David peckers of the world
really do have more control than any
progressive ever has there's no such
thing as liberal media okay there's
definitely no such thing as progressive
media with the exception of this show
yeah so if you say we're home we're
progressives you goddamn right we are
okay and we don't hide that at all we're
Homa progressives join us tea
y-t-dot-com slice join but if you say
the CNN a multi-billion dollar
corporation is run by liberals who care
about what progressive policies know
they are a public corporation they care
about maximizing profit period the end
all those multibillion-dollar media
corporations that are public in nature
by law must only care about maximizing
profit that means tax cuts for
themselves for corporations for the rich
etc deregulation allowing the mergers
these are all very very conservative
principles and that's on a on a overall
macro level before you go below the belt
for the peckers of the world yeah and
then and those guys just have a personal
agenda and and I and personally profit
off of Republicans like Donald Trump and
to be fair pecker has been you know
pushing out right-wing stuff for a long
more time in a million or
ridiculous articles against Hillary
Clinton but also did Donald Trump's
bidding within the Republican primaries
and attack guys like Ted Cruz he's the
one that ran the articles about how Ted
Cruz's dad might have killed JFK and and
the most preposterous story the National
Enquirer has ever run that Ted Cruz had
five mistresses come on after that even
National Enquirer readers have to be
like not credible like this video that's
great and you never have to miss another
episode of t whitey by hitting the
subscribe button below and ring the bell
to get notified whenever we publish a
new video
