here's the young turks at politican 2018
if you want to catch us every day become
a member to uit calm slice join how are
you today it's all good
since this is politican we usually talk
about politics to talk about your
politics where you are you endorse Trump
during the campaign where are you on job
now I've always told people that minute
Trump we're friends we don't talk about
politics we're not talking about
anything but my life pretty much my life
but I'll leave that to him and his
government and his people nobody else do
you support him friendship yes
as a politician friendship yes I'm not
really into deep into politics but I
love to create politics what does that
mean uh-huh what do you mean create
politics you know like the more Korean
time I created that it's pretty bad so
you know you know I always say I was
just telling people a lot it's amazing
that people have really thought about
this and I asked him the question do we
even care about North Korea seven years
ago we talked about North Korea seven
years ago never no one's talked about it
and since one after way and people look
at me like why is that I mean us North
Korea don't have anything in common
pretty much right okay so are you still
friends with Kim jong-un yeah well I
talked to his party a couple of weeks
ago moved they still want me to come
back over there you know because the
last trip I was over there North Korea
was like a year ago less
me if people game with such heartache
for doing that and I was just wanted I
was telling people for seven years and
for seven years I was telling people you
don't want to create war he just want to
talk that's it
well hell you've been there several
times how many times you've been over
there eight times eight times you know
Kim jong-un you've seen the country
we've never been there
what are we what are we missing what do
we not understand about North Korea and
Kim jong-un
it was funny you know how this all all
began but eight years ago I guess the
people in North Korea was reaching out
for some sports figure to come over
there to integrate sports so they called
the Chicago Bulls for an office and he
has with Michael Jordan be interested in
the coming of our career and microcell
know yes is that hell no you know then
is then they came with a second option
say you think Dennis Rodman will come to
more career and this is funny part I say
you know I say yes you know why do you
say yes because because another paying
gig just taking pictures hanging out and
stuff like that I do nothing about the
law career nothing nothing I'm gonna go
this side and water grabs you don't take
your pages holding babies and stuff like
that like you say you didn't know it was
a repressive dictatorship even know that
you just thought it was just let's go to
Burma let's go to whatever that was it
okay Wow at what point did you realize
whoa this is a different country people
don't believe that you know I'm kind of
you know kind of slow as certain things
but that right there you know it was
it's cool though because I didn't know
anything about it but the week before I
was going over there people start
enlightening about the country and only
thing I knew about North Korea's but the
movies okay
fifty to sixty six Emmys movies about
you know war
poverty and stuff like that it's not to
watch that and get a good get a good
feel for it
what people say wow do I hope you come
back I hope that nothing happens to you
I hope you don't get shot and I'm like
really believe in you they do that over
there I didn't know anything about that
you didn't know the danger you're
getting to know I love that and then
when I got there like when I'm not
landing and while Korea
everybody's looking out the window sue
ain't gon do this in this so when I
walked out I think everybody was shocked
because they had all the ticket a
leaders all the leaders of North Korea
lined up with a red carpet I'm like okay
I thought this was like a danger place
you know should we entering this
hellhole you know okay wait so I get off
the plane and they all pretty much bow
down to me
we lived like that I mean okay I'm going
down here so I go inside
the red carpet I fit in this big room
something like this but half the size
and everybody's lying against the wall
like you see around the world I'm in the
middle and and one of the dictator said
hey I mean our leaders over there said
do you know who see that you seen him so
there's no bigger real funny I said no
you know gaudi's interpreters and armies
you said you said it enough and you sit
in the seat where our leadership said
and I'm still being stupid as hell I
don't know what the they talking
about
it's like okay great who was a leader I
don't know right I've never seen the guy
so I hate it well they say that being
dumb you know I'm hoping that I get
educated real quick so it's a real quick
so it's like all right so everybody's
having a good time with ranking Baca
specular baggage pretty good and all of
a sudden we go to the hotel and we go to
hotel and I'm staying and I was trying
to figure out what was the last
president to ever go to more Korea do
you know no I don't either
alabaster yeah no I don't know but uh it
was one of the present presidency would
have been went over there and I stayed
in his suite and this is big big room
3,000 square foot balcony and stuff so
and they asked me what do you like to
drink I said like oh I'm so stupid
that's a that's a diet coke you know
Diet Coke
you know Diet Coke and the guys want to
interpret some Diet Coke I said no will
have Diet Coke and it came back I said
oh Coke Zero Coke Zero a sign yet damn
it so I go back to the room go workout
it's like all three cases of Coke Zero
and then in my room and every more every
morning we get up there's about 30
people sitting in breakfast I mean food
everywhere my food you guys gonna see
where did you meet him when did you meet
Kim Jong on in this when I met him
actually I met him at the hotel of it I
want to be the leader so they said we
got a surprise for you and you know
we're gonna sit 30 40 30 40 people send
him on a table food everywhere drinks
stuff like that and they had leader
underneath Kim Jong you came and said
you got a surprise for you tomorrow
night at the game and I'm still playing
like I don't know what are you talking
about what's going on I never seen a
picture of him at all so it was a I was
playing a game in on North Korea and it
was funny he wanted me to play us and
know am I gonna play so I went tell him
to ban show and it's like 20,000 people
dressed in black and white
so I'm sitting down doing this I got
sweat pants or jacket t-shirt hat
glasses whatever and everybody suits
black and white so all these guys come
down to pick me up and said come with me
come with me I'll go up and sit up here
alright so I go up there I'm sitting
down and 20 people here 20 people there
stone-faced from hell you know that good
stuff system one face and next thing you
know 20,000 people just stood up and
clapped and I'll take this for me Wow
next thing you know I'll go to my left
it's a comedy short guy when the short
guy walks walks out like you know that
whole thing he does so he was about five
four two three and he walking down this
way and everybody standing up I'm
sitting down you know I'm saying
everybody stand up so he was over here
Tim and his wife so he comes to sit
right here disclosure here and he comes
to stand here I get to get up like this
but he pulls me down he said so he's up
there waving waving waving and I'm like
him doing this whole video I'm doing
this whole thing the whole time Kartik
laughing I'm like this who is this guy
so who is this guy right here
everybody's like loving and as he's
telling nobody
they'll be seated and I've never seen
nothing like that in my life
you know I never seen 20,000 people get
so emotional and I was just wondering
why why are they doing that
I mean people right here like the
clapping crying why are they doing there
I had no clue but I had no clue that was
what was this guy so next thing you know
interpret say you know you send by us
and no he said this is our supreme
leader and I'm still clueless and like
who is this guy you know he's the
president or something
it's a prison your noise our leader he
said every statue you see in our country
yes him okay he started hit me now who
this guy is and it's so funny that after
that we was talking basketball the whole
time and he was so thrilled so happy the
fact that America came over there and
actually stood beside the set beside me
talk nothing but what is he like cuz we
don't give any sense of what he's like
as Americans you said and talked to him
though what is Kim jong-un like you know
he's funny as hell he's funny he's like
34 35 years old he loves basketball
that's all he does he loves playing
basketball so we would play a game of
horse and that's all we did was go and
have a good time with jet ski we want to
ski we snowboard we do everything if
people don't believe he does that and in
this suit no not the damn suit I know
one of those so no he no choice
t-shirt stuff like that so I'm over
there and it was so funny that the first
time I was over there and we had dinner
one night and he actually came actually
said something about well my birthday is
coming up pretty soon in January he said
that yeah and I had this bright idea you
know I didn't press this guy so about 20
minutes go by 30 minutes other than my
people I said Wow so I looked at him I
said you know what I'm gonna give you a
birthday gift so I start I won't bring a
basketball team over here for your
birthday and he just stood up and
clapped and happy just happy as hell and
I'm sitting this guy's a leader right
now I'm like damn he said I'd be so
awesome
you said you sure you can do that I said
yep I can do it it's super thief all of
a sudden that's a nice we got through
doing clapping and he sat down I looked
at my people in this area
I just really up dinner is a
really bad thing right no one I could
even do it I could even do it I just
thought I just said it it just came out
like I'm gonna be the big man so alright
so next thing you know we we go back to
the space we want to figure out how am I
supposed to take a team over there and
pull this off and and it was great and
we saw that on Vice at what point did
you say hey this guy's a repressive
homicidal dictator well I didn't look at
that just like that you know I didn't
look at that naughty look at that
because I don't you know do you not care
about where the dollar still because the
life that you saw with the dinners and
all that that is not how 99% of North
Korea lives right well my whole purpose
the morning or career like you're trying
to tell people this I'm not there for
politics right do you get that right
I say I'm there for sports try to
connect two countries together it's
sports I'm not over there trying to ask
that guy don't chop his head off
please don't shoot your sister
brother I'm not doing that I'm
not doing ok and it's amazing how it's
amazing now that people have is trying
to collate the fact that this isn't
actually as we work you know because
women in so many different situations in
our lives or the last hundred years that
sports here's a lot of wounds yeah it
does yeah there's a lot of moves even
for that one day do you think that your
your personal basketball diplomacy has
brought the two countries together has
it made North Korea a little less likely
to maybe launch a nuclear weapon and
again you created a quid the other the
ambience of trying to get two countries
together and this is the funny part
about this that
people didn't believe I can actually do
that but this is this is where the
awareness about North Korea came to the
forefront but the one guy cannot be
brought to the forefront and that's how
we began to understand what Norquist all
about because I can do I get to a
question that you did you eight years
ago care what North Korea was doing did
you care I mean don't I know we all know
I don't know no no come on come on do
you teach you did you care yes yes about
what about know about what what is more
what did North Korea do to us eight nine
years ago
well since what did they do to us what
do they do since I would take North
Korea I don't know going back to Kim's
father there's been a consistent concern
about them being a nuclear power and God
knows what they would do with that God
would they attack the west coast of
America I don't know I don't know but
that's been the concern so I mean yes I
have been one of the million worries in
the mind it's been like maybe the you
know generally it seems like they
generally tend to test to try to get our
interests rather than actually do it I
don't I don't think they would actually
do it I think they would understand it
was suicidal nature of that but but the
worry maybe they'll do something crazy
yeah I mean that's been there for a
while yeah all right so get back to my
point so my boy because anyway so yeah
so anyway I brought the game to North
Korea and he was so thrilled so thrilled
that I actually pulled it off as a
company in up in London gave me a
billion dollars to take a team over a
billion dollars to take a team over that
and some guys were rejected no I don't
want to go
are you 40 grand for one game so if I
said yeah so we get we get over there in
eight they thinking like it'll be a
kidnap or get shot or held hostage
system like that and I try to try to
convey to them that it's not that bad I
mean they love Americans and once we got
over there they got off the plane they
couldn't believe how nice they work to
the Americas players you did get
somebody released did you know it so I
got a couple release but the last one he
blamed we they blamed me because he died
and that's tough
get it together right no I don't just
get it together yeah I had a a big part
to do we can invade and I think the fact
that I'd be parted because I mean the
world awareness aware of the fact that
he was there and and when he was there I
talked to Kim jong-eun and I'm like well
so what's what's going on with this cos
system whatever right we own this boat
and and he said well I don't know we
think about doing something really good
for the country us so we're on the boat
I didn't know this
I was similarly here smoking cigars and
that was can obey karma tune of the boat
to see us and he was gonna least can I'm
bein right there I didn't know that and
again I'm not there for politics I think
the reason why he takes a likeness to me
because as he told me one day you say
you know what he said you the probably
only American in the history of our
country in your country has not lied to
me so by me saying what I say it to him
I bring the basketball team I'm pretty
sure he'd think he didn't believe it I
know I didn't believe it but when when I
actually did it
he just like like almost emotional about
it cuz you can believe that some way
then he asked he said wow you know
somebody actually likes us that's how
you thinks I mean you turbit like you
know I'm there for sports there for
basketball not there for politics but I
think you see you can't help but get
dragged into it in a situation like that
and I'm there for basketball and then
next you know you're talking about
Kenneth BAE and then the auto thing
happens and like you you can't help but
get dragged into politics in a place
like North Korea yeah but the one thing
we don't talk about North Korea's
politics they won't talk about sports
and they did ask me one day about if you
could Dennis go back to America and ask
the president for three things I didn't
ask for that they came to me and told me
they want me to go back as Obama what
did they were the first thing they asked
me to say could you have them move ships
farther away from South Korea okay and
the second thing is that he want to talk
to Obama was president about nothing but
just talk that's the second thing and
the third thing is more like you know
heavy politics and we're sitting there
it's like six of us in there and it's
our two other leaders said that's okay
Dennis that's okay will not do this to
you
you know we're sorry about that so just
forget what we said so I never said
about that everyone's turn now
so you never said anything further no we
we want to go to audience questions in a
in a few minutes but I want to talk to
you about a basketball because I've been
a fan since the Detroit Pistons days and
you know all that and I mean like for
one thing I want to talk about is I
remember you as a piston and you were
dope but when you went to the Spurs and
the Bulls you were even greater right
and there was something about you
personally off the court that was
totally different and on the court that
was more electrified and more energized
even greater than you've been with the
Pistons what happened that led to that
personal on court and off court changed
like the worm develops after 93 with the
Spurs and the Bulls they're not really
with the Pistons so what what happened
93 oh that's when my my life changed a
lot because you know I tried to shoot
myself one night and a lot of things I'm
looking to a lot of changes at the
moment
why did you three that because I didn't
like who I was I was too much of a
father world I didn't know direction I
was going at that particular time so
everything was just unraveling around me
wife tastes old my baby's still my money
my coaches over here my mom's in
hospital that allow everything just
going nuts you know I'm like whoa you
know so basically you know I wasn't
actually trying to kill myself I was
just think I had the the notion to go
perform that act you know so I just went
to in a parking lot got a shot gun held
to my head thank God thank God I went to
sleep you pull the trigger
no what does it thank God with the sleep
you had the shotgun and you fell asleep
but asleep cause you were drunk
no no why did you fall asleep no clue
but and I was listening actually missing
the Pearl Jam okay Joe there's an
approach our jet just mellowed me out
and I was just I just fell asleep and
you got helicopters cops and stuff
around and they pulled me out and that a
car take me to a psych ward or something
and that reg it changed my whole
perspective about living life then when
we went to San Antonio my life took over
in a whole different direction yeah you
know then you started doing the hair the
nails off court stuff and in tighter
twos and on court you were different to
lay on court when I'm more of a
precipice on the court and I was tell
people if you look at some white things
I say on TV I never played the game for
money I never did I just love the game
you were a really special different
disruptive player like when you are on
the court like different things would
happen than when you were not in the
court talk about when you tried to do on
the court especially defensively you
would completely change the game well I
couldn't actually say that I could
totally put that on my plate I just
think that I just had a good core guys
around me that actually supported me
with the things I was doing on and off
the court and then let me do anything I
want to do is for some being mean and
I'm a you know I might go to Miami in
jessamine Drive
my girlfriend aligned right there so are
you doing and I might go to wrassle in
Detroit I'm gonna go here I probably go
to you know London and stuff like that
but they made me do stuff like they're
doing the season and not respecting them
for that and it's just like I don't know
how and why did I became what we came
I'm sorry about some of your
philosophies on the court rebounding
which you were the best rebounder of all
time you know and defensive one of the
greatest defensive players of all time
like were some of the things that you
figured out about rebounding and defense
that made you so special I just
understood that I understood the game of
basketball you know I didn't talk to
wartime learn the game try to go out to
and play the game the way it should be
played and you know we are we're enemies
on the court of the course were friends
and look at it like that so for me as
far as I survive in those years all
those years and I can remember time when
I look in tattoos David Stern came to me
and say Dennis I need to talk to you did
you talk to you I said what about David
he said you cannot get no more tattoos
you can't get any more
you've reached the NBA limit limit is 4
you can't have anymore
no is it that was in the numbers in 93
94 and he said Dennis if you get any
more tattoos we're gonna kick you have
to leave what what this is true story
this is true story we'll kick you out
the league so I kept getting tattoos how
soon after that conversation to get the
next tattoo like the next day
and you know living living as senator
yes anyone been to San Antonio yeah it's
a Bible Belt right it's a Bible bill
right and I was getting tattoo color my
hair color my nails weren't women's
lingerie stuff like that I'll be able to
play with be on the plane plan nitendo
stuff like that and they will always be
sitting right here here I'm setting a
plan in a hotel or not on a plane
he's doing this to me just look at me
just like this so I say you know what
I'm gonna stare right back at this guy
and look at him so what's the problem
man are you so crazy
yeah like the devil likes of
what he's told
okay well it's like I think that's the
main reason why I got released from
sending Tony because I guess they
couldn't say forsake control me because
I wasn't in their system you were part
of the greatest season of all time with
the Bulls or the greatest team of all
time played the greatest player of all
time Michael Jordan what was it like
playing with Jordan it was awesome man
it was awesome
you know it's funny with you when you
get around people that's inspire and
increase the level of lively this is
what people on the world
Mika's have probably the first want to
do it you know you know just amazed to
see people there so creativity-wise have
so much to offer people he had a lot of
awful people and Michael said you know
if nasal call them black black Jesus
Chicago because you know he just you
know it was like you got Jesus you got
God Jesus and the devil
Michael Scotty Dennis that's what he's
called us so it's like ok don't ok got
it so it only goes so Holy Ghost or the
Holy Spirit or whatever but it was such
a great great honor to be there because
to people you know we heard that he was
harden his team mates because he wanted
people to get to their highest level was
it hard on you know it was all we really
talked me and Michael you know for the
first year I think I think I had
probably two conversation with Michael
might enjoy that first year to to
conversational that's it
I didn't talk to my teammates in the
beginning you know I just want to go out
and play my game get my bearings get my
foot you know playing to the ground
and that's pretty much what it was you
stayed grabbing rebounds over guys who
were six inches taller than you and more
like how did you do that I just I just
knew the game of basketball and I just
every day I've been in the film room at
four o'clock in the morning just
studying the people you know I weigh 215
pounds at the time guys went to 80 to 90
but I knew how to position myself know
how to to a Quaker having because I was
quicker I can bounce bounce bounce and
most guys are so heavy you know to the
low to the ground it's like so if he it
seems like and we're gonna go to
audience questions in a moment it seems
like you're a very creative person but
the thing that you have created is you
know writer you have been the the
palette or the the painting that you
have been working on all these years is
that how you see it there's the same
thing that's the same thing when I went
to North Korea you know I got all just
get up on who knows their piercings and
everything like that the same thing
about that it was funny too hotties how
they work them welcome me looking like
this
I mean welcoming even look at this they
like okay thank you
but even in MBA I did create some type
of image an MBA what's independency and
stuff like that yeah and now what you
see any embrace what you saying
everyone got tattoos piercings I got all
this stuff that I it's a normal thing
now you trying to encourage others to
just just do whatever you want to do no
I'm gonna say I don't understand
circumstances ma'am Detroit we loved you
there done and the thing that I want to
ask you is I have five kids that grew up
there and it really hurts me that they
have the impression that you support
Donald Trump when he doesn't really do
anything for us back there and does even
though you say politics is not your
thing
do you feel any responsibility to those
kids who adore you and support you who
are being hurt by the policies of this
administration it's a great question
well it's a good question I was in a
school Johnny Trump as a friend and what
he does as president and president as
the president I can't control that a lot
of people in this state NSA okay great
she's so good friends with him won't you
go and try to talk soon some knowledge
to him about helping people in certain
cities you can control your feelings
about it she's asking how you feel about
it oh how I feel okay I thought I'm just
giving that point about the situation in
Detroit well I mean she's talking about
the policies of Trump do not support
people who look like you and people who
are your fans but what you what you say
it what I'm getting now is the fact that
let's get one thing straight you know
like I said I'm right here too you know
thorn nicest people back and vice versa
by I'm Sam
everyone say Donald Trump is racist
everything everybody he's racist as hell
I mean I don't think so I mean I don't
think that I don't think so why not
but I mean it's funny how we live with
some people with a blind eye did you see
that piece of the day with Kanye West
and you know Jim Brown and stuff like
that
yeah that's amazing they made some
points right there may be some good
points right okay it makes good points
in some situations in sort of situation
they did but you could say they are out
of line but I don't support Trump when
it comes to okay great it's okay for the
President of the United States Donald
Trump to go pay a hooker $130,000 and
they tell us not just to do all this
other out here okay it's okay for
him to go sit there okay great pay it
okay it's okay but it's like and all of
a sudden you got this whole this whole
thing that going around Donald Trump
because don't accept my opportunity to
say the most crazy on the planet I
mean it was craziest thing on the planet
and we like wow I like that person he's
making us money the world said companies
coming back oh my god you know all of a
sudden you get questioned like oh
what about the communities what about
this city what like this said okay great
he's trying to do everything in the
world he can but you know but it's
another person is trying to do the same
thing in Detroit it's just not going to
Detroit after I leave here I bought it
tonight and the guy that owns the
Cleveland Cavaliers anyone know I got
together with the he's part of a lot of
property and a lot of neighborhoods in
in in Detroit look him up and you should
understand why he's not doing anything
why is he not doing anything he's bought
everything up in Detroit he's bought up
everything an internal truck it's not
buying things that God in Cleveland has
bought most stopping the choice
neighborhood
property and stuff like that but you
don't see that when you want to put it
all in the president okay great like I
said I don't believe I don't I don't
know I'm just not sure how you can argue
that he's not racist he's quite clearly
racist
no it's not I'm gonna be only one make
this a whole day you know back in 14
like I said he's not racist I mean he's
not I mean I don't want to see that in
here I don't want to see it if I did say
it I never get to see it I'm not gonna
say it if you saw you wouldn't say okay
good sir what up Dennis American my
Detroit native but I bought more serious
question what kind of video games does
Kim play he was a lot of movies and he
wants a lot of he does play games you
play Donkey Kong he plays them he plays
pac-man he plays a lot of cool things
for old games though sir okay so nice
shirt oh thanks yeah so the research has
been done and Kim jong-un he is a
despotic ruler who controls the media
and is responsible for the death and
suffering of many positions but similar
things can be said about Donald Trump
and Barack Obama it's just part of the
nature of being the head of state you're
responsible
so what allows you to put away judgment
and just be friends with Kim jong-un
even though he's been a cold-blooded
killer like what allows you to put that
aside and just be friends with him and
talk about basketball what do you think
how do you how do you put aside Kim's
repressive homicidal dictatorship I
gotta be friends with him just talk
basketball how can I put that aside I'm
giving you guys something that I said to
him one day and say what you guys think
about this what I said I said to him one
day his birthday party and we all doing
toasts and stuff like that and it came
to him he said ah Thank You Dennis that
I did okay so he came to me
and just came out of left field so I
just don't kick where I got something to
say to you man all right so you just
this is what I'm gonna say thank you for
having me on your country
you're great to me and my friends stuff
like that but I got one thing to say
your grandfather was a bad guy I said
your father was a
this is what I said to him and next I
said do it I will tell you one thing man
you've been so cool to me you've heard
the best one about all three of those
and he looked at me and laughed I start
clapping and I'm like in my friends say
you really up this time I did I
told him that that is grandfather was a
damn his father was like hell but I
didn't mean him he was cool to me
because I don't know anything about that
yeah I don't know anything was going on
that's what I've seen the military I've
seen I've seen black kids perform in
front of me I've seen deaf kids perform
for me and I see handicapped I've seen
everything possible in North Korea but
still but still they sit there with
gimmick damn knees is they said Thank
You Dennis that's what they do
and guess what but you don't see that
because if I ask people in North Korea
and I always do I said do you guys hate
Americans they said no we don't you ever
get it ok ok restrain them they say that
they don't hate Americans it's the fact
that how we have we have became the
situation with North Korea and Americans
if you had the ability to go to North
Korea go to North Korea and go sit down
and talk to the people in North Korea
and then would you come over here and
lie would you tell the truth ok if those
people were very nice to you they were
very nice to you and Kirsten did
everything said please come back we
welcome you back what would you say ok
that's a bad country
no no what I said would you go back
perhaps there you go but you're the
rank-and-file I think would he what my
Nirvana fan brothers talking about is
hey this guy you're friends with has
killed a lot of people have made the
lives of millions of people horrible and
you're just talking to him about
basketball and you're okay with that
well I know one thing I know is the fact
that his father passed the throne to him
he just got in power last year pretty
much a year and a half ago so what he
did I'll relaxing a half ago I don't
know let me be the fourth the first six
and a half years I was over there I came
over there he had no control sir oh hi
Dennis big fan I bought the popcorn
t-shirt that's yeah I was just wondering
if you think that Pope Francis is gonna
have a good time when he goes over there
as has just delivered the invitation I
know right that'd be fun right
he said this it's like when when Kim
done you went over to South Korea right
and president moon I was over there
South Korea like last last year and they
walked around the city and stuff like
that and talking about how they can join
forces with each other and join and put
their two countries back together and
and that's the fact though how is that
possible when his father wouldn't do it
but he's willing need to do stuff like
this if he goes over to talk to Kim Jong
Hyun he probably had the same conclusion
I have and because you know what any one
way here to tell me what Donald Trump
said before he went in that summit can
anyone tell me what the first thing he
said when he walked in that summit well
okay anyone said what he said we got the
card before he walked in his summit you
know you know you know Donald Trump you
I'm in control he said well I can tell
in two minutes my like this guy made me
say that okay that's the first thing
about his mouth and he walked in so he
walks in there it took him over six and
a half hours to say
hi I like this guy this guy's awesome
nothing he said that and yeah when he
was sitting down like this he was
writing a tree that stuff that he was
dumbstruck were smiling and doing
everything in the world yeah I got
praises he was getting praised as I'm
saying I don't care if it was fake or
false or whatever but he was kidding I
got praises good so I was just wondering
if Kim had any good jokes question
there's a good joke speak English no so
you're talking through the interpreter
interpret right but you know it no jokes
I mean he loves talk he just he's just
funny because it just was just following
a moment and stuff like that it's like
when I play with his daughter and always
ever done it in North Korea I played his
daughter and stuff like that and I'm
gonna be gave her like a 91 Jersey she's
walking around stuff like that
he's something laughing okay great but
you know it's like those two things help
you trying to tell you guys those are
things I see I want to go to any country
on this planet to go see misery I'm
gonna do that if I have to do it I'll do
it but I don't want the gold and have
that that's my last impression about any
country you don't want to go and see
misery I understand that but if you
bring the cameras with you and you see a
certain part of the country and
ninety-nine percent of the country is
different have you not given Americans a
skewed vision of the country you went to
well I try to take my camera crew last
time to show the for six years I was
over there in the last two years I've
been older he has changed the culture so
much you've told us so much of the
poverty and made it so modern nobody
sees that I think he's changed like 45%
of the whole city now and he's trying to
change a lot he has the Lord is getting
he decreased poverty there he's trying
to do everything he can to do that
that's for sure
and I see it you know he got the largest
thing Park in the world got the largest
ski resorts in the world people don't
know that so he's trying to change
everything over there please people
sir hello thank you for taking my
question now I I see you and I think the
public sees you as a weird person and
this is coming from my friend no don't
say the public yes that's the word I
apply I speak for yourself sir
didn't see me as a weird person I feel
like a fellow trouble my question is in
this era that the establishment is
liberal for the most part do you think
Trump s kind of people are seen as weird
and I like the jokes say I was weird
before weird was cool and do you think
cool people are little by little
becoming the the Trump Arthur's are
becoming the current cool people because
it's anti-establishment it's it's again
going against the flow sort of he's
saying that he feels you want enough so
that one feels weird obviously you want
to do what else oh no no you got it
no you you got it that's between y'all
let's hear what you think question
second question is about your daughter
being accepted into the Basketball World
Cup and will you kill are you proud what
was you know all right a lot of people
don't know I have kids I think I just go
around disliking girls
wow that's bad huh 30 29 17 16 they both
got they both got kids now and how many
grandkids you go good question about my
daughter was 22 that nice even other
question back there
no we're wrapping up well thank you so
much for your time give it up for Dennis
Rodman
thank you sir he's hanging with you like
who
