I think this is bogus and y'all
shouldn't be a trap ten thousand pairs
of shoes given away along with free
haircuts organizing today's event in
response to a Chicago police sting
earlier this month
now you are humanity I've been wondering
where you be you know what this is just
awesome this is what it means to take a
negative despicable situation set up to
only further hinder an already
impoverished area and turn that on its
head
last week Chicago police launched an
investigation into one of the ploys they
had set up to bait young black kids into
stealing shoes so they can arrest them
because why waste taxpayer dollars on
bettering the community renovating
schools or even encouraging after-school
programs to help keep kids off the
streets when you can go ahead and go
them into a trap to keep the money
making private prison system lucrative
but in response to this an initiative
set up by Vic Mensa backed by Shaun King
and countless other celebrity figures
came the anti bait truck initiative well
they raised thousands of dollars in
order to donate free sneakers to kids in
that community and I know you're
thinking why would they do this I mean
the black community doesn't care about
the problems within their own community
right talk about protecting black
neighborhoods start at home black lives
matter spends all of his time talking
about the cops are the problem but I
don't hear anybody even thinking through
like why is this happening they just
want to blame all issues on cult
shooting unarmed black people right
wrong when I was a kid I didn't have
much so I always told myself five or get
anything that I want to give it back to
you know some of the less fortunate
resources into the community and put
votes of confidence of faith into the
community this is just another example
of those within this community
mobilizing to help out on what otherwise
would have been a very negative
situation to change the narrative is
important to be able to give to others
they give to the community listen it's
no secret to anyone that the city of
Chicago is plagued with gun violence and
crime but tell me in what world is the
answer to that to encourage more crime
these kids need resources to keep them
off the streets and focus not employ to
lure them into making bad decisions and
that's exactly what those working within
the community are seeking to fight every
day very thrilled
about being able to provide some basic
necessities to kids that don't have
access today tasks ultimately made
greater and harder when local police are
conspiring against them when Mensa
announced the event his foundation had a
goal of purchasing 5000 shoes organizers
also prepared backpacks filled with
notebooks and binders to give out with
school coming up when it kicked off on
Sunday the group had managed to secure
10,000 pairs of shoes with more still on
the way as you can see man
the response was evident attendees
estimate that nearly 15,000 people came
to get shoes and supplies for the new
school year this initiative spearheaded
by Mensa follow suit with notable
instances of black celebrity figures
doing their part to help uplift their
community
even if conservatives will make you
believe that they don't care last year a
chance to wrap up partnered with Chicago
beyond and a former school principal and
an Innovation Challenge to help kids in
the city there's coming after he
challenged politicians in his City to
take action as we know LeBron James with
his I promise school doing the very same
thing to help uplift those within his
community and while many will go above
and beyond to diminish those efforts
from those within the black community to
uplift their own in the face of
oppression
once again actions speak louder than
words Rosa says resist get yours here
never missed an Isla breakdown video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT today
download our TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
