this is the portion of the show where we
typically call out the mistakes people
made but I need to take a minute before
that and in the spirit of happiness with
the attitude of gratitude there were
some pretty awesome things that went
down last week so let's talk about them
first let's start with NYU we talked
about student loan debt a lot on this
show well last week the NYU School of
Medicine announced that it was going to
stop charging tuition full stop if
you've been accepted as a medical
student you don't have to pay tuition
you still have to cover room and board
but this alleviates a major burden by
2016 the average medical school debt was
up to one hundred seventy nine thousand
dollars with about 25 percent of
graduates carrying debts higher than 200
grand for students at NYU that problem
was or has gone away the initiative was
made possible in large part to a 100
million dollar donation from a
billionaire so there are two options I
see as logical first we can have
billionaires cover everyone's tuition
unfortunately there are 5300 colleges in
the United States and about 1,500
billionaires in the entire world so that
probably won't work or we can find a way
to reduce the cost of schools and find a
way as an entire nation to put a higher
priority on higher education there were
some other good news last week so I
guess what a jury convicted Paul
Manafort Jerome's Michael Cohen pleaded
guilty more drums but good drums we like
this kind of drums right also National
Enquirer a publisher David pecker is
cooperating with the authorities and
they literally have a safe full of
receipts on Trump's shady dealings so
some good things happen this week but of
course there's a ton of room for
improvement after all Trump is still the
president so let's talk about what he
needs to do he does need to do better
this week doubt it's gonna happen but
when John McCain passed away after his
fight with brain cancer reports claimed
that Trump refused to release a White
House statement about his service like
how petty can you be I mean yes you did
issue a tweet of your condolences
saying essentially our hearts and
prayers are with you but the tweet had
proper spelling and capitalization so
let's be honest you probably didn't even
write that yourself why not release the
White House statement I don't get it is
it because you only like people who
weren't captured because that doesn't
even make sense because you were
tweeting sweet nothings to Paul Manafort
last week pretty much your whole crew
has been captured manna fort captured
Flynn captured Michael Cohen essentially
pleaded captured yeah on a related note
Kelly Ward Republican candidate for
Senate in Arizona you need to do better
this week when the McCain family made
the announcement that John McCain was
going to stop medical treatment Ward was
launching a bus tour when someone on
Facebook mentioned the coincidence Ward
went on Facebook and commented quote I
think they wanted to have a particular
narrative that they hope is negative to
me that's right
when the McCain's announced that the
senator was gonna stop having treatment
for his brain cancer she thought it was
a direct affront to her personally now I
know a lot of people have been having
arguments over how to express their
feelings about the passing of someone
they disagree with politically but come
on man his family has a lot on their
radar at this time but I guarantee you
Kelly Ward was not one of them John
McCain did not time his announcement to
ruin your bus tour and Kelly let's do
better this week okay finally a story
that I've been dying to get to paper
straws paper straws let's do better this
week
I know disposable plastic straws are bad
for the environment Americans use 500
million of them every day and most of
them end up in the ocean but I'm done
with them okay I quit I'm not saying
that we go back to plastic straws but we
have to do better than these crappy
paper straws they disintegrate they
taste like dirt iBM has a computer that
can do 200 trillion calculations per
second can we please use some of that
technology to get a paper straw that
doesn't suck during the break I put one
of these paper straws in a cup
here it is now it's pulp that's all I
ask
so paper straws let's do better this
week did you know that TYT network is
now available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for youtube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7 day free trial so
head over to YouTube TV and search for
the TYT Network channel
