Trump's approval ratings have never been
good I mean they've been okay when it
comes to Republican voters but they have
not been good if you polled the general
public but that never stopped Trump from
bragging about how popular he is in fact
he recently did so through a tweet so I
want to share that tweet with you and
then I want to give you a sense of what
the reality is he tweeted over 90
percent approval rating for your
all-time favorite I hope president
within the Republican Party and 52% over
all this despite all of the made-up
stories by the fake news media trying
endlessly to make me look as bad and
evil as possible look at the real
villains please
okay so we're uncertain which poll he
was referring to exactly however we have
a pretty good idea that he was talking
about a Wall Street journal/nbc poll
that poll that was released actually
found that Trump has a 44 percent
approval rating forty four percent
approval rating will you double it nad
one it's like when you're converting
from degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit
that's how you get a Trump stat I'm sure
yeah I'm sure that's the way he was
thinking about it so no he does not have
a 52% overall approval rating he has a
44 percent approval rating the poll
found that 52% of registered voters
disapproved of his performance though I
know what he was meaning winning no but
like I'm actually jealous that he's able
to do that because when you guys
criticize me like I I do take it to
heart like I gotta do better I take it
seriously I wish I had the ability to
take your criticisms like Anna you
sucked at reporting that so that was
sorry it was so wrong you got all the
facts wrong I hate you can you imagine
if I'm they loved the job I'm doing my
report exacts a lot like you everyone
I'm going to share it on Twitter T YT
audience thinks I'm perfect never loves
me they're my best friend I hope I'm
jealous I've never thought to be jealous
of someone's rampant self delusion
but think about mice it must be nice
because here's how people like we are
right okay like I go home I sit on the
couch I could have done better yes I did
a horrible job today why do I suck so
bad I've accomplished nothing in my life
I'm terrible that's what my life is
but Trump who's actually terrible it's
like every day all day every day so you
don't think there is one moment when he
has a little self-reflection as he's
sitting on his golden toilet no well
he's like he's doing that he's eating a
Big Mac drinking a diet coke on the
toilet he's just doesn't look and catch
his reflection in like the warped
reflection in his and golden toilet
paper dispenser and just goes ah she's
wrong with me do you not remember when
journalists photo journalists just did
their jobs and took photos of Trump
during his events and he got mad at them
because he thought they were purposely
making it seem like he had a double chin
you have a double chin like he's
surrounded by yes men
he's been handed all this wealth from
his father like he's never no one's ever
sat him down and told him no no I'm
right there no you're not attractive no
you're you're your hands are not large
like no one's ever really told him the
truth about who he is like and that's
why when the media reports factual
stories about him he's like what are
these lies they're not lies that's the
reality but he's so delusional and he
lives in this weird world where he's so
perfect that he just can't accept it
like it's just not he can't separate
fact from fiction it's amazing I think
he can know I think he knows it he just
won't unless he absolutely has to
because ever been times when he's like
acknowledged alright I gotta send a you
know or okayed the like I will read what
you wrote for me very rarely and it's
when he's gone overboard because look at
the other option for him the other
option is for him to be reasonable look
at
go I guess they're right you guys are so
right sorry
and for him showing that weakness does
two things one it emboldened the people
and perceived weakness is that actually
weakness I would argue that it is
stronger to acknowledge your faults and
of course fix them but in his warped
world view that is weakness because
moves drunk good hamburger Thanks so
it's bouldering people and and betraying
the trust of those blind
Mogga East's who as there has been more
and more evidence that they should
disapprove of trump he has continued to
maintain an approval rate he's approval
rating among Democrats is 10% who are
they who are you I know but like but let
it sink in but 90% of Republicans
approve of him 90% of Republicans are
insane so I would argue that there is a
large portion of the Republican Party
who is more likely to be like I've only
following this dude for one thing and I
got it it was a huge tax cut and that's
it I really don't care if everyone else
those are die I read on Rand and I'm not
supposed to like care about other people
it's my job I have the fountainhead
tattooed on my back which is like meta
cuz it's like your back is holding up
your back maybe it's Atlas Shrugged
anyways I do who are the 10 percent of
Democrats do you know who it is who it's
the people who are like there's good in
everyone
Diane Feinstein maybe maybe Diana chance
it could be that but it could also just
be people who are like I can't yeah like
if I get mad at one pet one person I'm
gonna lose it
really maybe maybe devastating two easy
ways to follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
