the family members of an Iowa college
student by the name of Molly Tibbets the
woman who was tragically murdered the
family members are coming out and
speaking out against how her death has
been politicized by the right-wing now
she was allegedly murdered by a man
named Christian Rivera and there is
still some uncertainty as to whether or
not he's in the country legally or
illegally but what we do know is that he
is a Mexican individual in the country
there is some possibility that he's here
illegally and so the Trump
administration along with other
right-wing pundits have exploited this
tragedy in order to make a statement
about immigration into the United States
and Molly tippins's family is not happy
about that before we get to their
statements I want to give you a sense of
what Trump has said in the past to
politicize this tragedy take a look the
illegal alien coming in very sadly from
Mexico and you saw what happened to that
incredible beautiful young woman should
have never happened
illegally in our country we've had a
huge impact but the laws are so bad
so Trump has done this in the past where
he has taken family members of victims
who were killed by undocumented
immigrants and has paraded them around
in an effort to spread anecdotal
evidence propaganda about how we need to
squash any and all immigration from
Mexico or Central American countries
into the United States but Molly
tippins's family is not having it and I
actually give them a lot of credit
because their statements are strong and
in this political climate very
courageous because anyone who speaks out
against Trump and his cronies gets
attacked immediately but they seem to be
brave enough to come forward and say no
you're not gonna exploit you know
Molly's death for your political
narrative so one of Molly's family
members this is actually Molly's cousin
sandy Tibbets Murphy says especially for
those of you who did not know her in
life you do not
to usurp Molly and her legacy for your
racist false narrative now that she is
no longer with us we hereby reclaim our
Molly she continues to say molly was
killed and a man has been arrested and
charged with her murder yes that man is
an immigrant to this country with
uncertainty as to his legal status but
it matters not
he is a man whose path in life crossed
that of Molly's life with tragic results
yeah I mean it's we've seen a lot of
things get politicized in this country
in a fairly unsubtle way this is about
as unsubtle as it gets like they're
they're gleeful they're gleeful over
this situation
Trump held it in better than some but
some of the pundits on the right like
they can't get over themselves how happy
they are about this and we know has
anyone presented any evidence that the
violence was because he was an
undocumented does that have anything
directly to do with what he did not that
we've seen we haven't seen anything
about that and really if we if we were a
rational country the conversation that
we would have right now if you wanted to
bring up the fact that he's undocumented
would go like this so news is apparently
an undocumented and we're gonna kill
there we don't actually know for sure
but let's let's say that it is oh wow
that's scary you think we should do
something about it okay well do they
commit crimes more than regular people
because that would be maybe then we
should do something about it
Oh both undocumented and documented
immigrants commit crimes at lower rates
than native-born citizens
oh well then it's probably not a
gigantic problem this is a tragic thing
that happened here but it's not some
sort of systemic problem across the
country and they don't care about that
and the fact that they don't care about
those stats show that they don't
actually care about the crime they don't
actually think this will be a solution
to crime they care about the image of it
that the theme of it what it stands in
for socially and it's especially coming
so soon after bad news for Donald Trump
they're good as salivate over that
what's devastating about it is that this
type of propaganda is effective it
really is because I mean if you're right
if you look at the broader picture if
you put anecdotal evidence aside which
is worthless by the way and you look at
actual trends
you will notice first off if you're
concerned about saving lives maybe
look into how laxed gun laws lead to
more mass shootings and more deaths okay
because that's a real trend in the
country that these very people who are
exploiting mali tippins's death have
absolutely no concern about whatsoever
thoughts and prayers thoughts and
prayers but when it comes to immigrants
you're right whether they're
undocumented or documented study after
study shows you look at enclaves you
look at communities that are where
immigrants are prevalent and crime rates
actually go down but that doesn't matter
because we have some anecdotal possibly
some anecdotal evidence showing that an
undocumented man killed a woman right an
American citizen so let me give you more
from sandy Tibbets Murphy she also says
molly was murdered because a man denied
her right to say no our national
discussion needs to be about the
violence committed in our society mostly
by men so when we previously covered
this story I shared some numbers
regarding murders that were committed
homicides that were committed by white
men and I was doing that to make a point
right oh look at all these white men
committing homicides maybe we should
deport them maybe we should really
reconsider what citizenship means in the
country maybe being born here isn't good
enough obviously I was saying that to
make a statement I wasn't being serious
because I don't genuinely think we
should deport white men from the country
but you can politicize anything you can
exploit any number for your advantage
right and in the country if you really
want to have a conversation about you
know violence against women maybe we do
need to address you know the
perpetrators of these crimes
you know Republicans continuously vote
no on the Violence Against Women Act
which is legislation that aims to
provide women with the resources to
defend themselves and take these
domestic abusers to court why do
Republicans keep voting against that I'm
curious sends a strong message to
Republican men that they probably like
and yeah so so her talking about
basically toxic masculinity and men not
being willing to accept a no and all
that but you could even you could look
at that and say well that's politicizing
it hypothetically if I were to like
launch some sort of campaign but at the
very least it seems to have some
to do with the actual killing and not
just picking out one demographic
characteristic of who the person was and
and I would also like to say one of the
reasons I'm so angry about what they're
doing with Molly Tibbets and her murder
is that it's not just restraint to them
being the ones who are politicizing it
we then have to step in and respond to
it because of this racist campaign that
they're involved in but I don't want to
I don't want to talk about any of this
in relation to her death I didn't know
Molly I didn't know what she believed
God knows how she would feel about
someone like be talking in this way but
I feel like I have to step in because of
how how how blatantly racist Lee hurt
her her murder is being used yeah it's
pretty but there's nothing about the
situation that's good and we're being
forced into this position by really
callous politically motivated
self-interested people yeah uh Molly's
father also spoke out and went the extra
mile and thanked the Hispanic community
so I want to give you his specific
statements again this is Molly's father
Rob Tibbets he says the Hispanic
community are Iowans they have the same
values as Iowans as far as I'm concerned
they're Iowans with better food this is
what he said during her eulogy by the
way he continued to say we're at the end
of a long ordeal but we need to turn
toward life Molly's life because Molly's
nobody's victim Molly's my hero I can't
imagine I mean obviously can't imagine
it happening at all but then having to
respond to this as the family having
this entire machine take her up and try
to use her for the cause it's just
horrible to put that on top of the the
pain that they're already feeling and to
go really fast to go back to something
that you said I mean Donald Trump is
speaking favorably about about her now
but when he sees some of the negative
stuff that the family has said if more
comes out like do you honestly think
that he won't turn and start attacking
her family I mean no one who is immune
to that I certainly would not put it
past him have you heard about the new
TYT audio network we have some great new
shows for you find us wherever you get
your podcast by searching for TYT
Network
or head over to tea y-t-dot-com / audio
