Dave Chappelle and Ben Jealous at a
town-hall like event on CNN this is an
awesome clip I wanted to share with you
check it out people don't know you live
in rural Ohio people think of you this
urban legend you actually live in rural
Ohio yes and now we're you know two
years in the economy has gotten better
than then it's continued to get better
what would you say to those folks who
are still a big Trump supporters today
as we're going to the midterm you know
this is a tough question for me man I
got to tell you first of all the town
that I live in is a small town yes and
it's like a little blue Bernie Sanders
island in the Trump seat they love the
whole truck I don't even know that they
love him as much as they're frustrated
they're fed up and a lot of these white
people feel like their voices don't
matter anymore you know that their
concerns aren't important or what have
you
so being honest with you in the in the
name of safety I won't tell them
anything about that guy anything but but
for me personally you know I get along
with everybody whether I agree with them
politically in that very but I thought
when you're actually trying to pull this
democracy together yeah keep it from
eating torn apart you have to talk to
everybody you have to listen to
everybody that's right
oh is that on the Eastern Shore and I
was giving a speech a guided voting for
Trump asked me what I thought about
Medicare for all and I said I support he
said well what if they won't do it at
the federal level I said then we'll do
it at the state level he said then I'll
vote for you the Trump support yeah I
said and I kind of sir I said you voted
for Trump and now you're gonna vote for
the for national president the n-double
a-c-p and tell me why he said I'm a
finance manager at a car dealership my
bottom line is my business and my people
neither one of them gets healthier until
we can get health care we can afford and
if he won't do it and you will then I'll
vote for you I love that clip that clip
is so awesome so Ben Jealous is also a
Justice Democrat and he's great no
corporate PAC money for all the right
policies and what he described right
there is basically in a nutshell the
dynamic that
I've been arguing will happen in the
country if you run populace left
Democrats what he's saying is hey man
everybody's so concerned of like well
how how can democrats win elections now
because they've been wiped out
everywhere i mean republicans have the
presidency they have the senate they
have the house representatives they have
most state legislatures they have most
governorships so it was like oh my god
it's impossible for democrats to win no
you just need to do the thing that the
polls show will work what works populist
left ideas that help working-class
families and there's this weird idea in
the mainstream media then when you talk
about the working-class that like you're
not including people of color and it's
like you just made that up none of us
actually pushing these ideas to help the
working-class actually mean like only
the white working-class thank you very
much
why the fuck would like what a weird
thing to assume like well obviously when
you talk about the working-class you
only mean why people what the fuck are
you talking about no I mean
working-class people of all backgrounds
all races all ethnicities all but you
know whatever religions I don't care
it's all about are you actually working
class and so the I the point is Medicare
for all free college living wage ending
the wars new New Deal ending the drug
war data that appeals to a vast swath of
Americans of all races ethnicities
backgrounds religions non religions if
they are working-class so if you run
candidates like that you can get the
black fold you can get the Hispanic vote
you can get the white vote you can crush
like seriously crush you can even get
those disaffected Trump voters who
thought he would be anti-establishment
from the Rust Belt and that's what Ben
Jealous is talking about he's like yeah
so the Trump voter came out to me he was
like hey man are you gonna look out for
me and I was like yeah man I want to
give you health care and he's like sweet
I'm gonna vote for you exactly that's
what we did fucking saying all along
actually stand for something and you'll
get
that's it it's very simple and I love I
love what Dave Chappelle said there
because he was like I live on a Bernie
Sanders island in the sea of Trump in
the Trump sea so like Ohio's a lot of
Trump people in Ohio but I live in a
Bernie Sanders Island well Dave I got
good news for you man
given the actual option between Donald
Trump and Bernie Sanders you will find
out very quickly you're actually in a
Bernie Sanders Island end see you're on
a Bernie Sanders Island in a Bernie
Sanders see because he would absolutely
obliterate Donald Trump in a very
impressive fashion so I love this clip
it's great Ben Jealous is awesome if you
live in Maryland if I lived in Maryland
100% I would go out to vote for him and
I'd be happy about it
