and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more I'm not
with her
that is what indicted California
congressman Duncan Hunter told Fox News
about his wife when asked about the
couple's corruption charges the pair of
course face 60 charges related to misuse
of two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars in campaign money part of which
was used to purchase an airline ticket
for a bunny rabbit other charges of
course it was allegations are that
hunter called his wife when he wanted to
buy some Hawaii shorts and that she told
him to purchase them at the Pro Shop of
a golf club so they could be listed as
golf balls for the Wounded Warriors
Project a Veterans charity hunter of
course denied that accusation but on Fox
News and this is the story this is how
he defended himself when talking about
his wife and his allegations my campaign
did make mistakes there was money spent
on things not by me but by the campaign
your wife handled a lot of the family
expenses and the campaign finances so
are you saying that it's more her fault
than your fault well I'm saying when I
when I went to Iraq in 2003 of the first
time I gave her power of attorney and
she handled my finances throughout my
entire military career and that
continued on when I got into Congress
because I'm gone five days a week I'm
home for two so why and she was also the
camp the campaign manager so whatever
she did on that that'll be that'll be
looked at too I'm sure but but I didn't
do it words be crazy all right what are
we making this that's crazy
I've never seen someone throw their wife
under a bus on national TV that hard it
wasn't like a little nudge it was like
hey he's like whatever was I didn't do
it but you should talk to my wife also
remember in Iraq like Iraq was like you
know people say it was an like not a
success there's a waste about three
trillion dollars but actually like I'm a
war hero let's talk about my war hero
 remember and I had no idea like
when you're in Iraq did I mention I was
in Iraq
oh that was great the whole thing was
like I'm a decorated war hero maybe I'm
not decorated but and my wife handled
everything and don't ask me about it and
they're gonna definitely ask for some
questions I know honey like I don't know
how able we are to replay just that
little bit of the clip but if you watch
it again just that little moment where
the Fox anchor just has to tell herself
stay on track this is the Republican guy
you see that little bit of her just died
inside of that moment where she is like
it's the wife and I'm not okay with this
but I have to smile and be okay with
this I I want to know what are these
wounded warriors doing with golf balls
mouths but you know what I thought was
interesting
it obviously wants to show a lie to me
and it tells you about the behaviors of
people when they're lying you see all
right be cool be cool but you know the
rules
such a California Republican they spend
the money on a rabbit that's a
California thing that's what they do he
just saying this seems to be the ever
all these expenses were for fundraising
I don't know how he fund maybe he just
shows up with a rabbit vote for me
here's a rabbit maybe the shorts were
for his rabbit Hawaiian shorts for the
rabbit I don't know somehow this is
related to Veterans Affairs it's
different ridiculous the other thing I
wanted to play for you all because part
of the allegations is that actually a
hunter said some disparaging words about
the Navy and he served in the Navy so I
want to play that clip for you what
about the the effing Navy comment that
you heard and talked about did you ever
say that more than I would have to say
that I probably said that and many other
things like that I wasn't in the Marine
Corps for quite a while I love the Navy
I love the Marine Corps all the other
services my dad was in the Army and my
little brother was in the army I might
talk trash about the army every now and
then too but it's usually in good fun
it's all in good fun all right so they
said that was with regard to the $15,000
trip to Italy with her family would your
wife called in an email the best family
vacation ever which makes it sound like
it's not business no III paid for the
trip to Hawaii
except for
when I was there on my own vacation I
want to call it the Navy and say let me
- or the base there so he's she he said
Hawaii
she said Italy the actual context is
that he said effing Navy because he
wanted to use a tour of a naval base in
Italy as a cover for an actual just
family vacation he was going to also use
campaign finance money to pay for yeah
and so he wanted to be able to say no
it's okay I went to go see the Navy and
because I'm such a patriot and the Navy
told him sorry there's nothing to see
the base is not open for congressmen
just it's it would have been
accommodating they just didn't have
anything for him to see that's why he
sent after the Navy yeah that's what I
wanted to do the scam and stand and take
the $15,000 and steal for my campaign
after Navy is not saying good nature
like just like I love my wife and you
know I doubled down on there and he's
like yeah I said it you know I think
I've sold a problem I think I've cracked
it I think he shows up and there with a
rabbit and then tells them if you don't
give me money to my campaign my wife
will murder this rabbit she's a monster
I can't control her she does stuff
against my will and I think the most
ridiculous thing about this the final
clip of this is that you know his excuse
right essentially is both of them have
not pleaded they've pleaded innocence
right they say this is absolutely false
and actually it's just a hit job it is
it's part of the Democrats a DNC deep
state whatever and it doesn't this
argument as if it looks good on Trump
but because Trump has the language
capacity of a three-year-old it's like
let's give it to him but watch how it
comes off on Duncan Hunter this
congressman this is pure politics and
the prosecutors can make an indictment
read like a scandalous novel if they
want to they've had a year and a half to
do this there's there's no way for me
now to go out and be able to talk to my
people or get this done in court
my prosecutor and the acting US Attorney
that issued the court orders to search
my house my office they at just attended
a Hillary Clinton fundraiser with
another US Attorney out of here in
shipping from the Clinton Foundation
strikes again you know what they this
guy will not survive on the stand this
interview he's broken he threw his wife
under the bus
the children are next he's stuttering
he's blinking she doesn't believe him
she was able to break them the only
thing I want to say is that these people
who follow Donald Trump need to stop
tanning like him because they both look
like they're near death listen the son
Sardinia was quite lovely actually
actually so couple things you're
absolutely right I hadn't thought about
it that way right uh that it's not gonna
play well with the juror you like it
wasn't me it was my wife that doesn't
play well second of all it also doesn't
play well with prosecutors where you go
I'm not guilty
plus it was my wife and then on the
wounded warriors they actually they do
do sometimes not golf tournaments to
raise money for wounded warriors so they
call the wounded warriors they're like
did that the hunters ever give you guys
golf balls they're like who are the
hunters okay like no no thanking honor
never gave us anything total lies etc
and and my theory on the bunny rabbit is
they just ran out of ideas like well how
do we waste people's money how do we
steal like I don't know we already went
on the Italian vacation we already got
those shorts we already got dental work
deeds just they spent way looks great
Duncan yeah dunks yeah that that's a
fair point
yeah at least that money was well spent
and then they're like I don't know what
do we do next oh my god it let's fly our
pet rabbit and to I don't know New York
let's go to lay across the country or
wherever we're going and so and they
will have one more big laugh and
remember who the laugh is on people who
donated to Duncan Hunter so if you
trusted him and you give him all your
hard-earned money thinking that he was
going to stand up for conservative
principles and drain the swamp and and
and
by the way not waste money in Washington
he took your money and he laughed at you
while he was flying his pet rabbit
across the country want to see more
videos like this well you can all you
have to do is subscribe to the TYT
channel below and don't forget to become
a TYT member and download the TYT Plus
app on your phone
head over to TYT comm slash join today
