in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more the
mainstream media is missing out on
reality winner the 26 year old NSA
whistleblower has been sentenced to five
years in prison for leaking information
to the media about Russian intelligence
hacking into state election software
ahead of the 2016 election this is after
winner pled guilty to one count under
the Espionage Act and yet this is the
longest term imposed by a federal court
for a violation of the Espionage Act
linked to a media leak winner just for a
reminder was a federal contractor
working with pluribus international Corp
in Augusta with top-secret security
clearance when she leaked information
that served as a basis for a June 2017
article by the intercept detailing a
classified National Security Agency memo
that contained information about a
Russian cyberattack on a supplier of us
voting software and because she leaked
this to the intercept and then based on
some basically missteps that intercept
journalists took rally winner was
discovered by the NSA and was arrested
and so first look media which is the
parent company of the intercept has
actually donated to her defense fund and
the editor-in-chief of the intercept had
this to say about reality saying reality
winners courage and sacrifice for the
good of her country should be honored
not punished selectively and political
politically motivated prosecutions of
leakers and whistleblowers under the
Espionage Act which dramatically
escalated under Barack Obama opening the
door for the Trump Justice Department's
abuses are an attack on the First
Amendment that will one day be judged
harshly by history and it's you know
what it's it's it's the white-collar
crime it's not a real-time
I said that about Madame port that's
right and look I'll go back to a point
you made in that story earlier in the
show either this is the hazards that
have nots in it in a way - you think
wait why what does this have to do with
rich versus poor or powerful versus not
powerful well in Washington they leaked
all the time yep Democratic Republicans
leaked the executive branch leaks the
legislative branch leaks they all leaked
they never go to press but if it's
somebody who is actually trying to get
you information that's really important
like this one where we found out it
turns out the Russians were trying to
get into the voter databases I have told
you from day one that is the most
important part of the Russian story okay
they sent some tweets whatever there
were other things that were bad but
trying to get into our voter rolls
that's the worst and we might never have
known that because the NSA keeps that
stuff buried but reality winner made
sure that the American people knew so
that by the way the local election
officials can know and take precautions
because the NSA oftentimes does not
communicate and they in this case they
were not communicating with local
election officials show in a lot of ways
she did a great service to the American
people so of course she had to be
punished
now when the rich and powerful leak
there's never any punishment they never
go to prison and and and Jake I just
wanna pick up on what you were saying so
state-level election officials had not
known that they're voting software was
being targeted by hackers so reality is
leaked actually helped them to better
equip themselves against that and and
and that information completely has
helped them with the American people and
the thing is is that her trial has been
so politicized and she's been caught in
between a rock and a hard place this is
the first first whistleblower who's been
prosecuted under in the Trump
administration right so Obama had a
number and this is now it's Trump's turn
and so of course throw everything at her
and so that meant that the defense
couldn't bring evidence that they needed
to bring and essentially that evidence
was that what she leaked did not spill
secrets that were going to expose the
American people to harm these were not
state secrets they did not endanger
anyone
she merely she merely gave this
information to media outlets so that we
would all know as the American public
that our elections were being attacked a
year in before robert muller actually
identified those very same russian
meddlers and and hackers so i want to i
want to go to an intercept article
because this is this is really important
a key phrase that the government wanted
withheld and this is in her trial was a
specific name of the russian unit
identified in the document but in the
indictment of allege russian military
intelligence operatives that Muller's
office released last month the Justice
Department revealed the same name G our
unit seven four four five five the
indictment went on to reveal information
almost identical to that contained in
the document winner admits to disclosing
so this is already information that the
Special Counsel robert muller and
everyone else right and again this is
not a story that's getting covered says
this is the unit that tried to hack
these state local elections and and we
know that information this was the exact
same information that reality winner was
exposing so what are we supposed to do
like is is I mean obviously Trump would
want Muller to go to jail but like no
one else is being thrown into jail for
leaking this intelligence information so
essentially she is being made to bear
the brunt for now something that we all
know thanks to her yeah and besides
which a fifty-cent talked about GRU unit
alone did GRU no in her military uniform
and the book being thrown at her for
trying to uphold our democracy and then
the man who dodged the military you know
and is trying to disrupt our democracy
is chilling and that really really
upsets me and it should really upset the
American people yeah I get a couple of
quick questions so firstly do we know
how when she released it like how long
it would have been if she hadn't
released that NSA document before Russia
just hacked it and released it
themselves and secondly
and secondly I do want to know cuz it's
not covered in any of the articles why
she is called reality winner like I want
to know where that name came from like
at what point was that her parents
thought were you're called winner that's
a family name you're gonna need like
something to bring you back down to
earth you don't get too big and what's
surprising is that Donald Trump's not in
favor of her no reality winner is listen
I think her name honestly how many it's
sentimental here I think her name means
that she's gonna come out on top out of
this and I hope that she comes out of
those five years or four years because
she's already been a year in prison
knowing that she has people on the
outside who are absolutely thankful for
what she's done and I hope at the young
age of 26 someone who was a translator
right who knew from a young age that she
wanted to serve her country but she
joined the airforce there there are
amazing articles and and BIOS written
about reality winner she really is a
phenomenal young woman I hope that she
comes out and she she joins you know the
progressive movement to make real change
in this country because we need her and
and we will welcome her yeah it meant
when you talk about the five years she's
gonna serve in prison man that is so
harsh like that brought it home more the
next five years is you're enjoying your
freedom she's gonna be in prison cuz she
tried to help American democracy so far
by the way I mean the the hackers
themselves haven't been caught the
Russians right she was telling you about
the hackers luckily at some some of the
folks who colluded with them have been
caught but one more thing I wanted to
point out there right
Obama opened this door yeah so he
started prosecuting reporters under the
Espionage Act and so now the reporters
go after Trump all the time because he
calls them enemy of the people and
that's true he does call him that and it
is a terrible thing to say and a
reporter should challenge him on that
but they shouldn't challenge the Obama
just as aggressively if not more so for
actually beginning the prosecution's of
reporters trying to put them in prison
under the Espionage Act and that was
atrocious and now that Obama open that
door Trump is super happy to walk
through him and realize that's what's
happening again it's the powerful versus
the power
and that's one of the things that Obama
did that he's not trying to undo want to
see more videos like this well you can
all you have to do is subscribe to the
TYT channel below and don't forget to
become a TYT member and download the TYT
Plus app on your phone head over to TYT
comm slash join today
