Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm / app to find out more under my
tutelage I have a new game for T YT live
it's called Miss info wars the subject
of a subheading is three real fake
headlines and one fake fake headline
three real fake headlines one fake fake
headline
are you guys ready to play yep alright
let's do it alright first missing
Beauvoir sideline sjw's wanna change
vagina to front hole okay so did
Infowars actually have that headline or
is that the fake okay second headline
mm-hmm Alexandria or Castillo Cortez 3d
prints IEDs first small donors now three
of these are going to be true three of
these are true but they actually sent
out those have lights okay they're not
actually true they're all fake news but
they were actual headlines and info
actual in pixels baby love next headline
hurricane threatening Hawaii has been
split into by energy beam shot from
Antarctica by John Kerry okay alright
and lastly in force Hillary caught on
tape birthing alien life they ran three
of those okay of those headlines Wow
we're in pixels on infowars.com I'd like
to remind everybody that the right wing
is outraged at Infowars has been taken
off of some platforms like what it's
obvious that the IUDs are being printed
for the small donors don't forget the
energy beam okay
all right everyone gets a little vote
where should we start let's start with
me all right okay so going through in
order
front whole story I actually read that
elsewhere I am going for that that's a
true uh head low that is a true fake
headline that is a true lie caught so
it's actually real that's a real lie
okay as opposed to a faint light right
Cortez 3d prints IUDs I that has the
ring of truth because I think she's a
true socialist and wouldn't reserved the
3d printed IUDs for big donors I think I
think they're for everyone like they are
fraught for the people but then we run
into trouble because the last two are
clearly both true because I've got a
friends who's in Hawaii right now and
witnessed the antarctica john kerry
energy beam and we all know that you
know what you know what actually I'm
gonna change my vote here because okay I
don't think that when Hillary is
birthing an alien life form she has to
reveal her true form her true self and
that wouldn't show up on tape oh I so I
think yeah I think when Hillary is in
her true lizard being and she's giving
birth when she's spawning uh-huh that
would the energy beams that res that
radiates from that would interfere with
any kind of recording device therefore
she could not be caught on tape and
Infowars would know that and hence
that's the fake absolutely okay
interesting you know it's really hard
for me not to say Hillary caught on tape
because everything is Hillary sports
right and Hillary is always doing what's
wrong but I would say that the top three
are stories that they ran and I think
Hillary caught on tape birthing Allium
alien life form is something that Alex
Jones believes in his soul
but isn't ready to release that to the
general okay we are weirdly unanimous
okay I will tell you why because I
whatever playing these games I always
think or it could be the cup in front of
you yes sir taking the headlines would
have put Hillary Clinton in the fake
headline because we would all guessed
that Hillary Clinton was in a real
Infowars headline on that alone I'm
gonna go with Hillary Clinton birthing
an alien life-form is the fake fake
headline is the fake fake all three of
you
they never cease to amaze me
you chill with John Kerry dividing a
hurricane with energy beams once again I
know that to be true so that one I
cheated I because I knew they had that
headlight can I still get it wrong but
you guys despite much 3d prints IUDs for
small donors if only yes let's do that
let's get on that do we have time to
watch a little snippet for one of these
recess yes yes oh please real fake
stories which you're right maybe sjw's
do you want to change vagina to front
hole which i think is hilarious
and we need to talk about that why but i
do want to say that the hurricane that
might have been split into two by energy
beams from john kerry who happened to be
visiting Hawaii was in fact a real story
on Infowars and let's just look at a
like a minute of it just give you a
taste now back on August 9th there was
either this hurricane or another
hurricane that was winding up to hit
Hawaii when an energy wave came out of
Antarctica now call me crazy call me
conspiracy theorist I'm going to show
you right now from August 9th now watch
what comes out of Antarctica here as to
two hurricanes are forming in Hawaii
boom an energy beam what is that coming
out of Antarctica splits to hurricanes
and watching that graphic I'm
remembering all something that didn't
John Skull and Bones carry the former
presidential candidate against George W
Bush and other skullenbones men didn't
he go to be the quick trip to Antarctica
not too long ago did he not know you're
an hundred percent accurate John Kerry
wasn't an arts guy I think it was two
years ago or less I'm I don't know was
he checking out the hardware or the
facility yeah they're there all kinds of
different rumors and speculation yeah
why is John Kerry why is John Kerry
going down to Antarctica just a week
after the election to discuss climate
change and then you have energy beams
coming out of Antarctica splitting her
Akane's you know there might be a direct
line that that connects that facility
down in Antarctica to the Kalorama
neighborhood of Washington DC where the
Obama Foundation was housed in a eight
thousand four hundred square foot home
that I believe is in part subsidized by
the US taxpayer not just John Kerr but
it's also coming out of Obama carry down
Antarctica Antarctica energy beams to
the Obama Foundation are you following
are you following
how did Kerry lose the election when he
has power dominion over the weather like
how many of the stand and kneel before
me come on the x-men why didn't he use
his laser beam on Bush and by the way he
split the hurricane he saved her life
put him back in the office want to see
more videos like this well you can all
you have to do is subscribe to the TYT
channel below and don't forget to become
a TYT member and download the TYT Plus
app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
