we now know that the national enquirer
coordinated with donald trump and
michael cohen allegedly to buy and
berries stories of donald trump's
alleged affairs in the weeks leading up
to the 2016 election and so now that we
know that looking back at some of the
stories the National Enquirer ran some
of their magazine covers from that
period actually take on a very new
meaning so I want to focus on one this
is from October 31st 2016 this is one
week before the election let's bring
this up and hopefully you'll be able to
read these so look obviously the covers
about hillary clinton her hit man tells
all which is interesting you should read
it the hit man knows a lot so and that
was what yeah it's obviously she has an
assassin but we're moving yeah she isn't
that this time but what's interesting is
the specific things that hillary clinton
supposedly did so bribe reporters to
bury the truth which is interesting but
also specifically you see on the right
hide her sleazy affairs and pay hush
money literal hush money to hookers and
this is after they have spent a couple
of months buying up these stories
allowing hush money to be spent not on
hookers obviously but on mistresses
effectively well we don't know yet we
don't know we don't know yeah it's like
okay we're gonna pay off yeah do all
this for you hide this for you and then
we're gonna flip it we're gonna tell the
story you can blame it on somebody else
no no here's what i love most of all
about this because on this show we
obsessively talk about what
conservatives do non-stop is projection
whatever it is that they do they say
liberals want to do all they liberals
want to control your life you're in our
womb want to get between you and your
doctor no you want to get between us and
our doctor on the issue of choice you
know our livers are for big government
let's go invade a country with our giant
military and we need a bigger defense
budget which is the largest military
project that is liberals get offended so
easily
i can't believe somebody said happy
holidays to me right and the list goes
on okay that's
but I mean here it is projection 101 so
they charge Hillary Clinton with paying
hush money to mistresses what Donald
Trump did hide her sleazy affairs what
Donald Trump did bright reporters to
bury the truth Donald Trump worked with
this reporter in this magazine to bury
the truth and to tell you the exact
opposite it's and then destroying the
victims by attacking them and the list
goes on and on this is what Republicans
do I want you to get it in your head
everything they feel they project onto
liberals so when you hear them talking
about liberals understand that they're
actually talking about what they think
and and so the National Enquirer ran
story after story after story against
Hillary Clinton let's bring up the next
race yeah we're gonna hear that line to
bring us out of this okay yeah well not
all of them by the way great man some of
those pictures are rough you did you
know that she actually died did she
would well I'm talking about that right
so there you see all those covers before
the election and and unfortunately a lot
of people believe in conspiracy theories
so like now that it's online and it is
affecting politics people are animated
about it but remember people are buying
National Enquirer magazines for decades
and what is it pure conspiracy theory
trash whether it's against Hillary
Clinton or whether it's talking about
the aliens that were invading and from
Mars and know the you know they've been
doing lizard people before Alex Jones
ever knew what they were to be fair bat
boy that was Weekly World News but that
was under the umbrella of like what is
the name of the American yeah that was
one of their was American media
corporate yes this same company they
just in that picture they gave her
cancer they gave her a they photoshopped
a picture and added 100 pounds 183 favor
strokes yeah said shit like yeah but on
sale she's already surprisingly yeah and
so I wanted to build on that because
look guys
let's keep it real some on the left
start to believe it and and that's how
these conspiracies weren't they spread
like poison and I remember the day that
I said she did not have a brain aneurysm
people flipped out and the right wing
flipped out but some on the Left were
mad they're like how could you say that
what it's obvious obvious how they're
like look at her performance in the
debate I'm like did you watch the
debates because there was someone with
mental damages and debates and it wasn't
Hillary Clinton so yeah but they only
like you he would ask one question
people fight usually I find out about a
lot of like devastating brain aneurysms
because they die yeah that seems to be
common to that does anything about
conspiracy theories sorry Johnny
not only do they not make sense no
matter how much they're disproven it
doesn't matter she was supposed to
according to these headlines she was
supposed to dice is sick within six
months which was now a couple of years
ago but she's not dead people like know
still National Enquirer has got to
figure it out Alec shows told you that
Obama was gonna lock up everybody in
FEMA camps we're the FEMA camps and yet
we're lying little a big fema all right
but it may never no matter how much do
you disprove them you can't get
knuckleheads to stop believing me even
if it's something like not six months
from now you'll forget about it in six
months but she gained a hundred pounds
okay she's on the TV every day welcome
just look at right now and I'm glad that
she pointed out the fake news thing
because of course it has always existed
and we focus on fake news which is
designed almost purely to influence
elections or social whatever but the
oldest reason for fake news is to make
money because if you write exciting
headlines people will buy it and they
don't care if it's true or if it's false
when it comes to this I don't think that
the National Enquirer has hated Hillary
Clinton forever I don't think that they
cared at all that it was Hillary Clinton
if it hadn't been Hillary Clinton if it
had been martin O'Malley then martin
O'Malley would have been an alcoholic
and it would have been cavorting with
Venetians and stuff like that so it
doesn't really have anything to do with
her and trust that in the next cycle
whoever it is if it's Bernie or if it's
you know come on Harris or whoever
they'll have headlines like this and so
you need to be prepared for fake news
both in its online forms and in forums
like this like when they say that a
person is about to die whatever it is if
it feels really good and really right
question it just a little bit if there
paid to tell you this stuff because here
is the amazing thing I talked about this
with Laurie penny on the damage for this
week the easiest thing in the world is
for someone in media to look out in an
audience or a potential audience and say
what do they want to hear and if you can
be paid by telling them that a lot of
people have no integrity they have no
morals they will do that it's not just
the National Enquirer and in this
they're the worst maybe but in this case
they made extra deals on top with Donald
Trump which now David pecker who ran the
company has admitted got an immunity
testified and presumably testified
against Donald Trump yes we were helping
him ironically rigged the election but I
want to be clear like the National
Enquirer a lot of people look at this
and say I know that this isn't true but
there are other outlets that have sort
of the veneer of credibility like I mean
Breitbart I guess isn't one of those or
whatever but you know fox news like
tucker carlson is talking about the
white genocide in south africa and a lot
of people believe oh that's a legitimate
outlet but they're still doing the same
thing and largely for the same reason
and finally i want to get back to Brooks
point about this line Hillary Clinton is
a secret sex freak who paid fixers to
set up illicit romps with both men and
women oh no no no think about it guys if
everything else is projection
oh it says fixers and in another
headline they're like oh yeah Donald
Trump
I'm sorry Hillary Clinton has a mr.
Fixit they said in the article gee I
wonder who has a mr. Fixit who arranged
for a meeting with someone of the same
gender and it involved being in a movie
theater and had a lot of details and
everything else is projection we don't
need it and I don't care right but it
does make you kind of go
interesting yeah if every other lie was
the exact opposite of the truth right
have you heard about the new TYT audio
network we have some great new shows for
you find us wherever you get your
podcast by searching for TYT Network or
head over to TYT dot-com slash audio
