john mccain's family had a fairly somber
announcement about the senator's ongoing
battle with cancer here's a portion of
that last summer Senator John McCain
shared with Americans the news our
family already knew he had been
diagnosed with an aggressive
glioblastoma and the prognosis was
serious in the years since John has
surpassed expectations for a survival
but the progress of disease and the
inexorable advance of age render their
verdict with his usual strength of will
he has now chosen to discontinue medical
treatment and if you haven't been
following this mr. McCain has been
undergoing treatment for that cancer
since July of last year and has been
absent from Washington since last
December mr. McCain's family has
apparently gathered in Arizona and
people close to him say that his death
is imminent so this is a sad story you
know in a lot of ways obviously but I've
never seen this in an article before in
Vox not Fox Vox they said when McCain
dies Arizona Governor Doug Ducey a
Republican will appoint a replacement to
serve in the Senate until 2020 now it's
true we're all gonna die so you could
write in any article when Jake huger
dies etc but I've never seen that about
a public figure before so apparently it
is obviously imminent I'm just I know
this I don't want people take this the
wrong way and but I hope he can survive
until Trump leaves office that would be
awesome so I don't know what his
situation is I don't know if it's day to
day week to week month to month
obviously at this point they've stopped
treatment and and McCain is a
complicated character he is a very
interesting part of American history and
certainly a part of my political
lifetime in fact I just realized McCain
is the very last Republican I ever voted
for I voted form in the 2000 primaries
and then switched over and voted for
Gore against Bush in 2000 and having
voted for a Republican sense and and so
a lot of people forget he did became
feingold is actually for campaign
finance reform so that is an enormous
positive for John McCain now and he
stood up to Trump and very important
time
he even stood up to his own supporters
when running against Barack Obama and
refused to call a Muslim and and said
it's not right to say those things about
him and obviously the the thing that
everyone remembers about him is showed
up with the exception of Donald Trump
that not only did he suffer torture at
the hand of the North Vietnamese when he
was captured but to me the most heroic
part of all was when they said okay we
found out you're the son of a really
important Admiral in the in the US Navy
so we're gonna let you go and he said no
I will not leave unless you let all of
us go now that's the kind of bravery
that is unparalleled and for Donald
Trump to say that I prefer people who
don't get captured when when he got out
of Vietnam with what he called a very
strong letter about his bone spurs that
are obviously non-existent it was one of
the growth most grotesque things I have
ever seen in politics but I don't want
anybody get me wrong so we've got to be
fair to John McCain and no point out all
those great great attributes that I just
talked about on the other hand man he
was a hawk and and he supported so many
wars that proved to be completely
disastrous so at the end of the day I
did not agree with him politically
especially as he drove us towards the
Iraq war which was one of the worst
mistakes in American foreign policy
history and in his later years seem to
be driving us towards the war with Iran
if famously sang once bomb bomb bomb
Iran singing it and singing that's right
so it is a mix I don't know of a
politician in this country that has a
more mixed record than John McCain a lot
of people that have a terrible record
some that have a great record but boy
McCain is as mixed as it gets I mean
it's you know politically there's that
and then personally it's awful there's a
family right now preparing to lose and
say goodbye forever to their dad their
grandpa their husband sad yeah I mean I
think it's worth acknowledging that that
John McCain kind of represents this old
guard of Republicans that still had some
integrity and hadn't totally like sold
out their values for I don't know racism
and fear and hate because
of what he did you know when he stepped
into the last minute for health care is
he's admirable you know and it's it's I
think it's really telling to see what
you know what a Republican does when
they don't have to you know appeal so
this kind of like odd growing new
Republican Party and so I think it's
worth acknowledging that despite the
fact that yeah we you know we don't
necessarily agree with Republicans and
that's okay I think he's one that we can
respect in a way that we don't respect
sort of this new brand of republicanism
I think that's exactly right and I think
Jules drawers of the exact right
distinction because the the older
Republicans and now a lot of more
retired john danforth who and I
disagreed with these guys john danforth
brought us Clarence Thomas but he is
honest and he is a principled
conservative Alice Simpson I disagree
with him vehemently and we've had fights
on air about he wants to cut Social
Security but he is an honest man and he
is principled he also thinks money in
politics is disastrous Jim leach from
back in the day etc there was an
old-school Republicans that you
disagreed with but they were honest
actors the new Republicans are all
supplied by donor money grew up on donor
money and so they have no principles
whatsoever they'll do whatever their
donors ask them to do now again that
leads us back to McCain he definitely
had some principles and some principles
I disagreed with be Emily yeah but we
also have to acknowledge that he's a mix
of old and new because he also voted for
every gigantic tax cut for the rich
every gigantic war and the list goes on
yeah and and you know to and then to
agree with Brook look when you think
about it from a personal level if it was
your family member how do you spend the
last couple of days or weeks I mean that
is just heartbreaking beyond measure
yeah yeah there was a HBO documentary
about him and obviously to some extent I
mean they had access to him and his
family it's gonna be like an air on the
side of Pro him but it's a lot of
interviews of people and he did really
seem to be of an earlier sort of
politician that yes they still are doing
you know what their donors want and yes
they still do horrible things and in the
area of war that's just about if you're
going to be bad an air
that's just about the worst area that
you can be on but he did seem to
actually at least on some level care
about the concept of America and the
concept of what our government was about
it led him to some some terrible
positions but I agree with you you can
still like some people would hear you
say he has integrity and they'd say no
no here's a bad thing he did he doesn't
have integrity okay some people they're
branded doesn't involve shades of gray
they it's all about this guy's about to
die I can probably get a little bit of a
claim by dunking on him right now I
think that's largely pathetic I will say
in advance I'm gonna do it when Donald
Trump dies I prepare for that in a few
years but there are very few people that
actually warrant that Scalia might have
been one I think it's weeded a few
things but when it comes to John McCain
like he stood up for Refugees largely
far more than most other Republicans as
you said some campaign finance reform
and he didn't seem to want to see the
Republican Party become the party of
white supremacy and Islamophobia and
homophobia and all of that and that
that's it's it's just it's part of being
a mixed bag and everybody has flaws
everyone in a position of power
literally the politicians you love most
have made horrible decisions in office
and those decisions because they have
power are consequential for people's
lives so you cannot simply go through
life saying if I can identify a bad
thing that someone has done that I don't
have to think critically about anything
that they've done okay yeah so let me do
the complete the hat trick and agree
with all three of you so guys it is
entirely possible to say that yes he did
oftentimes serve the donors but at the
same time he actually believed in this
country and and still had principles and
and for the new brand of politicians
it's sometimes hard to say those things
yeah because oftentimes they don't have
principles all they have is service of
the donors but john mccain i would argue
did a lot of terrible things and and in
acted in ways that were not always
principled for sure at the same time he
wanted to clean up our government he
wanted to get money out of politics
those are incredibly laudable goals and
at the end of the day it is near
impossible to argue no matter how much
you might dislike his policies or even
him
that he wasn't a patriot just about the
only person who could argue that in the
country is Donald Trump yeah have you
heard about the new TYT audio network we
have some great new shows for you find
us wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT Network or head over
to TYT dot-com / audio
