and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Donald
Trump's attacks early this week against
his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions
actually led to the AG putting out a
statement in defense of himself in the
way that he is running of that
department so I want to run quickly
through this timeline so it started off
with Donald Trump both in Twitter and
also on Fox News attacking him here he
is on Fox News even my enemies say that
Jeff Sessions should have told you that
he was going to recuse himself and then
you wouldn't have put him in he took the
job and then he said I'm going to recuse
myself
I said what kind of a man is this and he
stresses that he only wanted him for
loyalty and why is he protecting me he
is admitting that he needs protection
it doesn't seem he's too stupid
understand that but because they can't
simply call each other he goes on Fox
News than the AG has to put out a
statement in part saying while I am
Attorney General the actions of the
Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations I demand the highest
standards and when they're not met I
take action I don't really trust any of
that but that's his response to Donald
Trump is that going to be the end of it
of course that's not going to be the end
of it and Donald Trump has kept up his
pressure on the AG after that including
with these statements he actually quotes
part of what Jeff Sessions said quote
Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations Jeff this is great what
everyone wants so look into all the
corruption on the other side including
deleted emails Comey lies and leaks
Muller conflicts bla bla bla
the stuff you hear about on Hannity
every night let's see yo a minute just
goes on the next one just goes on
Christopher steel the Clinton Foundation
aliens from Mars illegal surveillance
rush inclusion by Dems and because a
brush inclusion does exist except by the
Dems and so much more open up the papers
and documents without redaction come on
Jeff you can do it the country is
waiting guys nobody is saying this to
him if you have watched it I'll give you
three just three Law & Order episodes
okay does it take anything like just
three Law & Order episodes you know
that if you worked you essentially
worked for the campaign you cannot lead
an investigation into it is that's not
nobody is saying he shouldn't have were
cute nope nobody is saying that I just
mean everything one person I was yeah
so even sick of fans like Lindsey Graham
so Lindsey Graham today because he's
just the worst of the worst flipped and
was like well I mean you know this is
untenable with sessions at Trump
fighting all the time so I guess Jeff
should consider stepping down worse
through the worse but even he said well
I mean he should have recused himself to
Brookes point because Lindsey Graham was
a lawyer and he said like any lawyer
would know you have to recuse yourself
but okay but I have to kiss Donald
Trump's ass because I really want us to
invade Iran so but especially should
step down so there are people who are
trying to protect him politically like
Lindsey Graham Sean anity the you know
other guys like gates the Republican
congressman who'll say anything for him
but overall everyone including most of
the Republicans go no no of course he
should have recused himself not only was
he part of the campaign he lied about
meeting with the Russians in his
testimony to Congress Jeff Sessions did
that's part of the reason why a be
recuse himself I want to steal a line
from Jordan hull and say if Trump does
fire Jeff Sessions please don't start a
GoFundMe for Jeff Sessions that's
awesome last thing that I want to point
out here that's important if they tweet
that John read to you guys yeah he
quotes session saying I will not be
improperly influenced by politics then
he says that's great then he says
investigate the other side which is let
me influence you influence you based on
politics he literally says investigate
the other side the other side is not
something other than politics he means
the other side of politics the Democrats
and the thing is there was a period
where the the IRS supposedly being
unfair to conservative organizations was
all the proof you needed as Atkins
and that the entire government under the
democrats was systematically biased
against conservatives you know
eventually we found out that it wasn't
actually going on they were being super
hardened lips - that was all it took
here you have the president saying it I
want you I have a long list of political
enemies or at least people the Hannity
says or my political enemies I don't
really know who they are cuz I don't do
the research but I want you to look into
every single one of them imagine if
Barack Obama had done that here are all
the nonprofit's and all the PACs on the
conservative side that I want you to go
after and he was like adding holder on
Twitter but can you imagine how their
heads would have explode but but again
we just we get used to this stuff and if
there's obstruction of justice but it's
in public we assume yeah I guess he's
just you know being weird on Twitter you
were so right John I forgot about the
context of the IRS the IRS investigation
they claimed IRS looked into a couple of
conservative groups we found out later
they'd actually looked into more liberal
groups but IRS and they were not wrong
to look into those groups they they had
to actually do an investigation it was
perfectly normal and they conservatives
lost it here the president is saying I
want you to go after my political
opponents the other side I want you to
target him any say it in public if Obama
had told Holder I want you to attack
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan and all my
political opponents and not just attack
them politically but prosecute them yeah
and here the Maggie guys look yeah
that's right
the government should should do
political investigations of their
opponents that makes sense in a
democracy uh-huh how dare you they are
CAG now is that right what is K oh yeah
America great can't get any sadder
sadness never miss another TYT video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
