when we left Abby was talking about the
work she does for Telesur and how her
show has been shut down because of
censorship yeah so I mean look we're
talking about Venezuela analysis and
tell us or those are literally two of
the only alternative media sites that
offer a counter to this imperialist
narrative on Venezuela and this is
coming mere days literally days after an
assassination attempt with two drones
packed with c-4 explosives almost
assassinated a democratically elected
leader whether you love him or hate him
the US was clearly privy to this okay we
have people on record saying that they
were involved in meetings in Miami
before this happened we have USAID
conferences in DC handing out pamphlets
saying here's who's gonna take over
after Maduro I mean it's just
unbelievable that Facebook working with
think tanks stacked with defense
contractors and CIA officials are
acquiescing to the government to
basically take down the only vestiges of
alternative media that are offering a
perspective a region of the world where
the US and especially the Trump
administration wants to reinstate
hegemony okay we're talking about
Facebook who already has admitted that
they remove 95% of the Israeli
government's requests to censor
Palestinian voices 90% of Palestinians
actually use Facebook for their news so
again Google Wikipedia all of these
outlets all of these tech companies
funded by these Silicon Valley
billionaires have already acquiesced to
the government without it even they're
being legislation to deep platform less
median alternative media as you
mentioned I mean TruthDig counterpunch
all this has already happened they've D
platforms state media it's virtually
impossible to actually find a counter to
this corporate media garbage when you're
just looking through Google that's their
curating our reality these tech
companies and CIA officials are curating
our reality and I'm sorry I just think
that we're smarter than that we don't
need them to tell us what is fake news
especially when they've been the
purveyors of fake news selling war after
war war crimes normalizing war criminals
from the Bush administration rebranding
them selling their books treating them
like old sages it's disgusting what's
going on it is absolutely disgusting
yeah and it's you know it's a it's a
multi-pronged assault I mean you know
like like we said we haven't announced
it publicly until now but you know these
sanctions of the fact that our show
Tories had to completely shut it down
other tell us our journalists around the
world are affected by the sanctions as
well and these are targeted at TELUS
sewer and their their ability to produce
news but the fact that Venezuela
analysis also was wrapped up in the
censorship I mean the only two places
that you can find real great accurate
and updated left analysis of what's
going on in Venezuela Venezuelan alysus
and Telus o'er are the two main sources
for that they're known for being that
the two main sources for for that topic
and do a great job Eva's whale analysis
isn't an organ of the state government
in any way and in fact it's often
critical of the Venezuelan government
from a left perspective of the fact that
both of these were censored when at the
same time it was in coordination with a
US attack to try to overthrow the
government in Venezuela why would they
would not want accurate news coming out
of Venezuela well maybe because they're
involved in a campaign to overthrow the
government as they have been since since
Chavez took power in the early 2000s and
so we have to see it as part of that
part of a larger campaign coordinated
with the Pentagon to you know get take
away self-determination for a formerly
colonized country and so we have to see
it in that light and other pages it
shows that the other pages that have
been taken down around the same time you
know the pages that were organizing
against a Nazi demonstration the things
that Facebook cited for why they were
taken down was like posting a picture of
Fred Hampton I mean that's what was
considered the Russian propaganda that
violated water terms are for service you
know he was killed by the government
when he was alive and now the
government's shutting down even sharing
sharing his pictures so it's part of a
bigger campaign and so we have to see it
is that it says so so what are you go
ahead and tell us or posts pictures of
radicals and revolutionaries over time
all the time I mean that could easily be
a violation of their terms of service I
mean look we all bought in to this a
galat Aryan notion we bought into these
social media companies you know that
don't be evil mantra from Google I mean
people really do trust these tech
companies as their purveyor of their
reality we bought into this a Galit area
notion that we could all put our message
out there and we did but now that we've
all bought into that we're left in a
really really dangerous spot here where
you have Chris Murphy that sitting
senator from Connecticut saying look I
info where's is the tip of the iceberg
of the dangerous websites that we need
to take on and remove that are
undermining our democracy and again what
does that mean what is the Under
of our democracy mean what is fomenting
radical discord what does that mean what
is sowing discord mean well we already
know what it means according to US
government it means literally telling
the truth about our country that they
don't want out there that's why you
don't see people on CNN talking about
poverty or the reality of what is
actually going on I have to I'll just
take there was one time I saw CNN talk
about poverty it was when Cornel West
and Tavis Smiley was doing their tour to
highlight the poverty in America
and during the Obama administration and
so Carol Costello brought them on and
she blamed poor people for the economy
and I'm not making that up she said a
lot of people think that the poor people
are the ones who caused this economic
I'm not kidding I have those videos we
do them in live shows in the next live
show I'll do it it'll be fun you know to
be disgusted by her but what do you say
to people who say well you don't have a
right to be on Facebook that's a private
company look I understand that this is
not considered a free speech issue
because people say tech companies have
the right to do whatever they want and
and that is true the problem is it's not
just tech companies randomly deciding
this again it's the Galit area notion
that we all could have as a stand and
this but then you have to look at the
actual US government's role working in
concert with defense corporations I mean
then it becomes a little bit murkier
where they don't have to make it a free
speech issue they could just say no
we're working with the Atlantic Council
on Hamilton sixty-eight dashboard which
are literal Rock war propagandists and
CIA spooks and cops that are then
deciding what content needs to be
removed for the sake of you know our
democracy and that's where it becomes
very scary so the the argument that I
make is that you know I saw a statistic
that 70% of the people in America get
their news from Google or Facebook right
and we know mostly bullying read
headlines and so Google decides what
comes up in your risk if you go to
search something hey I want to find out
what's happening in Venezuela Google
decided which comes up first in that and
so what I say is that when private
corporations control that the much of
the flow of information in a country in
a cold
they now are controlling the cottage
culture to a large extent because
they're controlling the flow of
information so now we have to go well
there was a time when you were a private
company but now you've become a public
utility now we all rely on it so much
just like YouTube so and one of the
things is that their monopolies right
because they were asked by Lindsey
Graham Zuckerberg was asked if so if
someone doesn't like your Facebook
what's another Facebook they can go to
and there isn't another Facebook that
they can go to so that's why it's a
monopoly just like YouTube there isn't
oh you can go to you can go to another
platform that has no that nobody ever
sees so you can go just scream out into
the wilderness well no one will hear you
or you can put your video on YouTube
which now everybody uses or so my point
being is that just because technically
it's legal for Facebook and YouTube and
Google to do that stuff right now it
doesn't mean it's right it doesn't mean
it supports our ideals because what I'm
not I'm talking about so when people
talk about Facebook has their right to
do that
they're talking about freedom of speech
which is ensconced in the First
Amendment they're not talking about free
speech which is an ideal that came out
of the Enlightenment that says nobody
should be censored whether it be the
government a religion or a corporation
so the fact that we have that law hasn't
caught up with Facebook and Google yet
doesn't mean what they're doing is right
it doesn't mean that it's healthy for
our country and it doesn't mean that it
should exist and keep happening all this
stuff by the way is happening in the
dark no one knows who's what just like
they're saying tell us so they're given
these random excuses of why this is
happening
so it's up so the fact that you know it
used to be against the law for Rosa
Parks to sit in the front of the bus
that didn't make it right that meant
that the wrong law was immoral and
harmful to our society and we had to
change the law so that's exactly what's
happening here if you think Facebook and
Google and YouTube should take their
cues from the government which is what
they're doing they're taking their cues
from the government who does silence or
who not to if you're okay with that
because they're a private company but
you have to understand is the log
just hasn't caught up to him yet just
like Rosa Parks would you agree with
that or what would you have to say look
and I think that I absolutely agree with
that and I think that all these people
making this all about Alex Jones oh
sorry because Alex Jones is the easiest
scapegoat for this guy this entire
argument and plus he has the built-in
audience where he could switch over to
an app we're not gonna get that
mainstream coverage of martyrdom and the
corporate media once Empire Files is
shut down which it already has been
because of US sanctions we're not going
to get those accolades with CNN getting
millions of people to buy our app so all
the leftists and all the alternative
media that's undermined and already
rendered invisible from the mainstream
is gonna be even more obsolete when
these censorship takes effect I mean
we're talking about Google that already
changed their algorithm what is the
difference between what Google is doing
already in America and what it's doing
in China right what is the difference
between that and why is the corporate
media not covering that huh that's so
weird
and also another really interesting
point that my brother brought up in a
recent media roots radio episode is Fox
you have Laura Ingraham all these
lackeys on Fox News who constantly
foment violence and war and aggression
why is that not violating in terms of
service I mean how much how many deaths
have that caused around the world so
exactly what is the difference between a
Lex Jones is doing and what Fox News
anchors are doing on a daily basis
parading around defense contractors and
war criminals to justify the next war of
aggression that's going to kill another
million innocent people so you can go on
YouTube Facebook and whatever and you
can advocate for killing millions of
people you just can't advocate for
killing one specific person that's when
you've crossed some kind of a line
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
