I'm in Salt Lake City Utah I'm at a
Wolfpack gathering we're growing I see
faces that I recognize but I also see a
lot of faces that I that I don't
recognize and that's that's fantastic we
are all taking time out of our lives to
be here and that's amazing that means we
truly believe in this make no mistake
everyone in this room is leader in a
Wolfpack Alaska West Virginia Montana
Georgia Massachusetts New York New
Jersey everyone is here all these folks
paid with their own money and sometimes
took vacation days to come here to
strategize on how to get our democracy
back and get money out of politics or
you get more political power just
because you have more money this is why
it requires a constitutional amendment
the process of winning in your state
next year doesn't begin when session
begins it begins right now so work to a
goal of something this big that you're
actually making a difference of there's
very few things in the world that really
compared to that feeling equal rights to
fair representation rights for human
beings anti-corruption laws and free
affair elections
that's what we are fighting for what
were the founding fathers
revolutionaries and they built
revolution into the documents Article
five is the way we have to go this is
how you do it
you're in this as a team you're in this
together the fight will always continue
that fight is not between the left and
the right that fight is between
basically greed and humanity so I'm
asked me to put differences aside
whether you're conservative or
independent or progressive to join
forces to say no more corruption and you
get beyond the fear you take that first
step and you'll change the world what I
want to leave you with of course is hope
and I want to assure you that if we keep
fighting together we're gonna win
together we're gonna get that convention
we're gonna get that amendment and we're
gonna get our democracy back come join
us
whoa
pack.com
