back in March I saw a documentary slated
to be released on the plight of white
farmers in South Africa called farm
lands the documentary was high quality
was action-packed it looked like a vise
filled peace but this time the subject
was white genocide so you know it's full
of shit now this film is part of the
International white nationalist
propaganda effort on the Internet and it
took a very controversial issue like
Landry appropriation and post apartheid
South Africa which already has extremely
high rates of violence and racism and
turn it into agitated propaganda so
naturally Tucker would take on this cost
since you know he's the most mainstream
representative of white nationalist
fascists the president of South Africa
Cyril Ramaphosa has begun seizing land
from his own citizens without
compensation because they are the wrong
skin color and now our president is
repeating this white nationalist
nonsense because he saw it on Tucker
Carlson because that's the world we live
in but let's talk about the facts
first of all South Africa is the only
country with a worse record than the US
when it comes to white colonization and
racism since they held on to a system of
legalized segregation called apartheid
until 1994 and as a result of this races
system more than 70% of the population
was crammed into 13% of the shittiest
land and even after the apartheid
officially ended white colonizer still
owned 90% of the land despite making
only 10% of the population and by 2017
25 years after failed land reform after
the apartheid was over white people
still owned 72% of the land so when
Tucker talks about land seizures without
mentioning the fact that black people
previously owned that land well that is
literally the definition of racism now
according to Tucker the South African
government trying to bring some sort of
justice after centuries of colonization
rapes violence and discrimination in a
majority-black country is the literal
definition of racism it's not the brutal
systemic disenfranchisement of black
people in their own country that's just
normal stuff trying to correct that
problem now that's what really grinds my
gears so in 2016 the South African
Parliament passed an ex-pro creation
bill to nationalize farmland with fair
compensation to white owners but then
bowing to public pressure and more
radical roofs in 2017 the Parliament
passed a constitutional amendment that
turned this process into seizures of
land
without compensation a nun compensation
expropriation has led to serious
economic collapses in neighboring
Zimbabwe after foreign investors fled
the market which is why this type of
forcible uncompensated land seizure is a
bad policy but it's not white genocide
and then the targeted violence against
whites idea is also ridiculous
considering that the murder rate in
South Africa is declined sharply since
the apartheid ended and even now white
people are much less likely to be
murdered and while accurate figures on
this are notoriously difficult to
discern not dissimilar to the United
States one of the most comprehensive
Studies on the murder rates was
conducted in 2009 by the South African
Police and it found that whites made up
only 1.8 percent of murder victims
despite making up 8% of the population
whereas blacks made up close to 90
percent of murder victims so of course
is a much longer conversation that I
can't fully get into but my point is
that you shouldn't be fooled by white
nationalist propaganda but what's also
truly terrifying here is the fact that
this fascist nonsense can predictably
travel all the way up to the president's
ears and dictate foreign policy so if
that angers you please share this video
with your friends and don't forget to
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below also to continue this
conversation live join me on my twitch
at twitch.tv slash hasta nabi at 7:00
p.m. at 10:00 p.m. Pacific every night
and this has been the breakdown never
miss another breakdown video by ringing
the bell below you'll get notified
whenever we publish something new also
don't forget to join TYT today download
our TYT Plus app on your phone or head
on over to tea y-t-dot-com slash join
