para cenar is a Donald Trump supporter
he's been on TV literally over a hundred
times and guess what it's shocking turns
out he thinks Donald Trump is right
every time and I got no use for him
I got no love for him and that's very
important to this story because at the
end I'm going to agree with him on
something that is a little disturbing
first you will hear other disturbing
things so who is he just if you don't
know him and there's no reason why you
would have known him before this but
he's actually been around in Republican
politics a long time and it's actually
kind of a sad story about how
Republicans find some minorities and
basically pay them their whole lives to
tell us how bad other minorities are so
he actually gave a speech at the RNC
when he was a teenager and Dick Cheney
was in the audience applauded anyway to
go and so what did he do he eventually
started working for the Bush White House
and there he was working as their
advanced team and then had been named to
the White House outreach director to the
black community
so here's look here's a black Republican
who thinks Republicans are awesome come
on blacks oh yeah yeah yeah and then
okay that's fine and then he went on to
support Donald Trump enthusiastically
during the campaign all over television
etc and one of the things that of course
he defended Donald Trump on was his
record on rolling back race admission
policies so you don't want to send a
white guy out there to say how bad
affirmative action is so you send
paracin art out there and he goes oh
yeah yeah yeah it's really bad really
bad we shouldn't be giving that to
minorities and and he was rewarded in
December when he was appointed to the
Commission on the White House
fellowships and this is how it works now
by the way
Alissa's note for the record
progressives have an incredibly
difficult time getting on cable news if
you're bernie sanders support not if
you're a Hillary Clinton supporter I
mean men know you're all over cable news
there's no end to it right but if you
support the Sanders wing good luck to
you brother but a guy like Paris Denard
to do those talking points to the
we'll be invited back in on hundreds of
times so as you can tell I got no
interest in Paris in art I'm opposed to
him enthusiastically and fervently okay
so why is he in the news today well for
a couple reasons a couple of days ago we
showed you on the show
blow up he had with Philmont who is a
former FBI and CIA employee so on Monday
as the Washington Post explains Dennard
drew praise from Trump firm for a heated
exchange on CNN with Philip Mudd a
former counterterrorism official with
the CIA and the FBI Mudd grew visibly
angry during the exchange when Denard
accuse officials such as him and former
CIA director John Brennan of profiting
from their security clearances after
leaving government and there we
explained that while we don't agree with
Denard on anything else there is some
truth that people leave government with
the security clearance and Philip Mudd
said hey I don't get paid by the
government anymore that's true but that
gives them clout and then they are hired
by other private companies because of
that clout so they do profit from it and
in fact when John Brennan security
clearance was taken away which was by
the way a terrible thing that Donald
Trump did but when he took it away all
of a sudden some of the other people got
scared not Philip Mudd to give him
credit for being strong and brave on
that issue but guys like James clapper
all of a sudden were like why I think
it's kind of Brenda's fault oh the
cowardice is unbelievable but do they
profit generally by having that status
yes they do
now all of a sudden he's back in the
news paracin artists why because the
Washington Post just somehow happened to
land a story about something really
really damaging in his past so turns out
he was working at Arizona State and this
is what happened pick it up with the
Washington Post an internal
investigation by the University
concluded that paracin artist surrogate
during the campaign and now a member of
the President's Commission on White
House fellowships told a recent college
graduate who worked for him that he
wanted to have sex with her he quote
pretended on zip his pants in her
presence tried to get her to sit on his
lap and made masturbatory gestures
according to the University report
obtained by The Washington Post now that
is all crazy terrible unacceptable and
he was fired but look I want to give you
more context and none of it is good
before I tell you why on God's green
earth I might in any way understand a
point that this guy is making so we'll
get to that at end first more terrible
stuff Dennard also admitted touching the
first woman's neck with his tongue Oh
according to the report in that instance
Denard came up behind employee one
during another McCain Institute event
that's where he was working and
whispered in her ear that he wanted to F
her okay
now if all that wasn't bad enough this
is the part that I thought was the worst
so I mean I don't know how much worse he
can get did you know the whole thing
with a sit on my lap and the neck I'm
not telling but okay but one of the
women said look they said like I
apparently they're unbelievably fair
people and they said I'm not sure we
want him to get fired but they went on
to say we all know what it's like to be
under nards bad side he will make your
life miserable what if he comes back to
the office what if he comes to an event
does he know where I live oh he's got it
oh no no no women at the office are
afraid that he'll come to their house so
Arizona State did the right thing they
fired him okay and did he acknowledge
these things actually happen well I'll
give you context on that too he said he
had not seen the full report and was led
to believe it was sealed and proprietary
he did it okay when you say like I
didn't see the whole thing but I hey
that was supposed to be secret
well okay then you knew and as the
report indicates they did talk to him he
did participate he went on to say I
cannot comment on items I have never
seen regarding allegations
I still believe to be false mmm not
buying it so what's the only part that I
agree with him on he said at the end
this is sadly another politically
motivated attempt to be spurge by
character and shaming to silence for my
supporter President Trump and the GOP
now look I don't know if it's a quite
him on a support of Donald Trump
but here is a guy who went after someone
who worked in the intelligence community
on national television and arguably
embarrassed them and a lot of people in
the establishment on Washington make
money off of that racket of hey I used
to work in the government now there then
they go and be become lobbyists lawyers
consultants employees on and on it goes
for all these corporations that then
benefit from the government a guy points
it on out on TV a guy I don't agree with
at all and all of a sudden a couple of
days later hey they found an old story
about how he did
sexual harassment and got fired do you
think that's a coincidence I Got News
for you and this is what the reporters
never telling you the one they never
tell you on television it is not a
coincidence so it's called Oppo research
it's normally done in political
campaigns and you do opposition research
against the other person and all of a
sudden also some bad stories start
coming out about him just high in time
for the campaign what a lucky break that
was and oftentimes these are fed to the
reporters now it doesn't mean that it's
not particularly nefarious and it
definitely doesn't mean they made it up
it appears to be very very true and so
do I shed a tear for paracin art overall
no and he is suspended by CNN as they
now begin an investigation of him as
since he's a contributor there and
appears on their air regularly so I got
again for the 18th time and not only do
I not want to defend him overall I
disagree with him completely and I think
what he did was atrocious but we have to
note for the record why this story comes
out at a time that it does now if I were
to say it about an ally a political ally
of ours you might question and go oh
Jake you're just covering up for him as
you can tell I have no interest in
covering up for Dennard and I think he's
a terrible guy but understand and this
is part of what we do here one were
honest with you no matter who it is and
what the situation is and number two we
try to give you context for the news so
when a reporter gets a story like this
fed to him by god knows who he doesn't
tell you oh by the way this guy who's
friends with Phillip
gave me this information I looked it up
it turns out it's true that's why I
wrote it haha they buried him he doesn't
give you that context that's our job
he might have deserved it but he did get
buried and he very likely got buried
because of what he said about Philip
Mudd like this video that's great
and you never have to miss another
episode of TYT by hitting the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
