a recent studies found that some of the
most popular beer and wine brands in
this country contains dangerous amounts
Monsanto's weed killer roundup it is
everywhere
oh it opposes a huge health hazard to
American consumers and people simply
don't understand it the story is not
being told about how dangerous this
product is fair and what bothers me
about this is at the bottom the bottom
line for consumers is they should have a
choice they should understand I want to
buy this product because I know what's
in it now here you have Monsanto that
for years they have been fighting
labeling at all cost
I would they don't want labeling to this
GMO they don't want labeling that it
contains roundup they don't want the
connection between the reason the GMO is
dangerous is because roundup saturates
the GMO they don't want to give the
consumers any choice this is a great
example of what happens when you don't
give consumers a choice by simply
telling them if they want to drink the
wine that has arsenic or the wine that
has glyphosate in it that's their choice
but give them a choice what's your take
on this story I I agree a hundred
percent and in this particular issue I
think people kind of have this
understanding you know when you're going
in you're buying fresh produce there's a
risk that this could have been sprayed
with Roundup it could be a GMO but when
you're buying a finished product and
that has glyphosate and if people don't
ever think of that connection but
glyphosate it does not cook off it does
not rinse off it does not wash off if it
is on a food substance and that prog
rain that's used for making beer or
making bread it stays on it through the
finished product that then gets consumed
by the human being so it's in its in the
bread it's in the beer it's in the wine
and these are not just you know a few
beer and wine labels these are the
biggest ones Gallo Behringer Mondavi
barefoot
Sutter Home Budweiser Busch Coors
Michelob Sam Adams okay so so so here's
here's the bottom line I mean what's
interesting people see you doing
political they see you doing political
elements to its ring a fire they don't
understand a lot of times
you are editor of the national trial
lawyer magazine which is the biggest
lawyer magazine in America maybe in the
world so you have followed this story
you've actually done this story I and
what one thing that I thought was
interesting and something that you'd
written it is you talk about the idea
that organic we should at least believe
that we're not going to find roundup in
our organic wine right that's not the
case as a matter of fact as we look at
this story what we find is that even
with organic with organic wine do you
find 23 parts per billion in the one now
that doesn't sound like that doesn't
sound like a problem it is a huge
problem because the cancer research
that's coming out and very clear shows
that one part per trillion has the
ability to cause breast cancer cell
division now if you don't understand
that it's very clear they're talking
about they know that 223 parts per
billion is in the wine that you're
drinking if it with glyphosate with
roundup of elements of roundup they also
know that one part four trillion has the
ability to cause cancer that's what I'm
talking about when I talk about choice
people should have the choice I don't
want to drink one that has roundup in it
you know I don't want to drink the stuff
I'll go get something else isn't that
what this is all about is just choice it
is and another part of the issue here
and this could open up a whole new area
of litigation in fact I think it has
with Doc Amba is the issue of drift with
roundup because you may have these
farmers out there doing everything
they're supposed to they're not putting
these harmful pesticides or weed killers
like roundup to keep consumers safe but
it still ends up on their product
because it blows in the wind it
evaporates and then rains back down on
these other farms this is mentioned in
this story as well and in some cases it
just gets into the soil slowly goes into
the ground water gets reap umph to an
organic farm and there you have roundup
on crops that you know people try to do
the right thing end up spraying roundup
on their crops they don't know it the
consumers don't know it they think
they're buying some
things safer because it says organic
yeah that's a marketing term organic is
a marketing exactly we're finding in
wheat organic we organic barley soy
here's the real issue this is this is
what should scare the bejesus out of
Monsanto but they're bulletproof they've
got such political clout of course now
they're in with Bayer it's Bayer and
Monsanto to the biggest corporations in
the world they have all the political
clout they want they've got the
Democrats with them they've got the
Republicans with them they've got the
regulator's with them they even have the
media with them so what is happening now
is we're finding that it isn't so that
they round up is not just in the wine
it's in baby formula soy soy formula is
is sois used for baby formula more than
any other product it is what we're
finding is it's in the baby product now
add to that that there are studies after
studies that show we're just talking
about breast cancer here there's studies
that show it's it is related to
Parkinson's disease it's related to
brain cancer in children it's related to
the the World Health Organization for
God's sakes the IARC
the World Health Organization the UN
World Health Organization said they
studied it they said this stuff will
cause cancer but still we don't give
them a choice we don't even we don't
give consumers a choice because Monsanto
and now Bayer spends so much money
fighting back the politics lobbying and
fighting back to politics what's your
take on well I have to add to your list
because there's this massive list here
of all of the diseases or illnesses that
have been linked by independent
scientists because God knows we're not
going to get any real studies from the
EPA or FDA here ADHD Alzheimer's and
Assefa Lee autism birth defects brain
cancer breast cancer other forms of
cancer silly act disease chronic kidney
disease colitis depression diabetes
heart disease hyperthyroidism and
planetory out by the way that's it the
list keeps going on so many here the
sounds weird I've read every one of the
studies because I have to take
depositions in this case
the end of this month so I've read every
one of the studies what every time a
study comes out here's what you see you
see this attack
for example seralini this this this
article that we're doing about finding
roundup in in wine this came about
because of a scientist named seralini
who did the study and in 2018 he came
out with this list and he says we
studied all this he doesn't by the way
he has no ax to grind he has this guy
has no agenda he is simply a scientist
who did a study a couple of years ago
that showed that the component parts of
roundup not just the glyphosate but all
the adjuvant the SIRT the other parts of
it that those parts independently have
the ability to cause cancer leukemia
non-hodgkins lymphoma so what is up
happening is what do they do they attack
seralini they try to get him fired from
all of his boards they attack him in his
university they get the the idiotic
stupid moronic corporate media to side
with Monsanto against seralini finally
tonight some good news from our ongoing
coverage in the Monsanto trial as a jury
found the company liable for refusing to
inform the public that the active
ingredient in the product roundup could
cause cancer and the jury awarded former
groundskeeper Dwayne Lee Johnson with
two hundred and eighty nine million
dollars in damages Johnson's been
diagnosed with terminal cancer after
years of exposure to roundup after eight
weeks of trial proceedings the jury
found unanimously that Monsanto's
glyphosate based roundup weed killer
caused mr. Johnson's cancer to develop
and that Monsanto failed to warn of this
this danger the jury also found that
Monsanto acted with malice they acted
with oppression or fraud and that they
should be punished for that conduct
Monsanto refuses completely to warn
customers of the dangers of the
multi-billion dollar product roundup
despite the world's foremost authority
on cancers despite the International
Agency for research on cancer listing
life
seit is a probable carcinogen in 2015
during the trial the jury viewed
internal Monsanto documents proving that
the company had known for decades that
glyphosate could cause cancer and even
though our dysfunctional EPA has failed
to require proper labeling for Roundup
labeling an independent jury followed
the evidence and used its voice to send
a message to Monsanto and I got to tell
you I got 16 of these cases set for set
for trial next year and I'm going to
show even more about how corrupt this
company actually is
