Donald Trump on Fox News unreal
interview basically admitting almost
everything and he says yeah I made the
payments to stormy Daniels it was me and
and Michael Cohen his lawyer and fixed
her flipped on him what do you think
about flipping now hold on what would
you think about somebody who cooperated
with law enforcement might think he
cooperated with law enforcement if you
like law enforcement that makes sense
now if you're a criminal you wouldn't
like him at all you'd call him a rat you
call them things like that I said I
can't believe it that's the mob guys
that said they'd say ah I can't believe
you're flip so now if you haven't seen
it yet now it's great we'll get to find
out together which side is Donald Trump
on let's watch one of the reasons I
respect call man afford so much is he
went through that you know they make up
stories people make up stories this
whole thing about flipping they call it
I know all about flipping for 30 40
years I've been watching flippers
everything's wonderful and then they get
ten years in jail and they they flip on
whoever the next highest one is or as
high as you can go
it almost sought to be outlawed it's not
fair
in all fairness to him most people are
going to do that and I've seen it many
times I've had many friends involved in
this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal you get ten years in jail
but if you say bad things about somebody
in other words makeup stores if you
don't know makeup search they just make
up lies Wow
cooperating with law enforcement ought
to be illegal okay look I'll tell you
this
you're still a maggot guy and you think
well I mean oh of course you know what
the guy do you know I'll flip on you
every prosecutor in the country right
now is going that guy's guilty I don't
care how Republican they are I don't
care if they have seven megawhatts in
their closet they watch that and go open
up that guy's totally guilty 100% guilty
okay oh yeah I mean you don't like these
flippers or any I mean we should we
should be illegal to flip and to talk to
Lord for snow what kind of a rat talks
the law enforced me you know what I'm
saying
okay so I've known these flippers for
three
forty years first of all who says that
okay oh really do you know any flippers
guys I mean I don't know maybe like
somebody was involved and some sort of
crime in your family or somebody you
knew and they flip maybe you know one
right I don't know any maybe you know
one you've known this guy's known
flippers for thirty forty years why
maybe because like I've been telling you
all along he's a lifelong criminal no I
know these guys they go and flip their
video another clip on people yeah did
you know that Donald Trump he used the
same lawyer as some of the top mob
figures in New York in fact they used to
provide concrete for okay and he hired
Roy Cohn and it's the same mob lawyer
that was used by so many others
originally the Italian mob and then
later the Russian mob in and so he knows
these guys he's been working with these
guys and by the way I use the word rad
now is that fair cuz Trump and say
ratted in that video well let's go to a
tweet from earlier he said The Fairly
New York Times wrote a fake piece today
implying that because White House
Counsel Don Magan was given hours of
testimony to the special counsel of
course misspelled he must be a jaunty
Dean type rat but I allowed him and all
others testify didn't have to etc he
refers to John Dean as a rat there John
Dean was a person who turned evidence on
Richard Nixon but the evidence he turned
was correct Richard Nixon left office in
disgrace no one disputes that John Dean
told the truth even Nixon doesn't
dispute it he left he resigned because
they got him and but in Trump's mind on
what a rat I can't believe he read it on
Nick's and I know these flippers and
these are brats right all right Jonathan
Chait in New York magazine had a really
good article about it he explained how
you know even a trump of a friend by the
way
last November said they're referring to
the mauler investigation it's an
investigation is a classic Gambino style
roll-up okay and so what's the role
we're gonna explain chase says it's
obviously quite rare to hear a
high-ranking elected
official openly embrace the terminology
and moral logic of the la cosa nostra
okay and that is that the mob guys they
hate rats and they don't like people
flippin why because they flip on them so
here's how the roll-up works the roll-up
moves from the bottom to the top it
would be extremely difficult to
prosecute any organized crime if it were
not possible to trade lenient sentences
in return for cooperation that's why I
said every prosecutor in the country
knows he's guilty because that's
prosecute prosecutor 101 you go in and
you say okay you got a minor drug dealer
hey if you give me information on the
guy that is the major drug dealer I'll
give you a more lenient sentence that's
how you get the major drug dealer okay
in this case you know they go to the
minor criminals like Michael Cohen etc
and they roll on the major criminals
like Donald Trump that's why Donald
Trump doesn't like it there's this great
quote one more from chain where he said
sis he explains why the Mafia guys are
care about loyalty the most he said
since the greatest threat to a Mafia
dons business is that subordinates will
betray him he typically surrounds
himself with family members even if they
are not the smartest or best criminals
Oh ding ding ding ding ding Donald Trump
to a tee you're wondering why hires a
bunch of incompetence like Rudy Giuliani
and just though it's a murderers row
fools and idiots it's because he's not
choosing based on merit he's choosing
based on loyalty that's why he's so mad
at Jeff Sessions for not being loyal
what he calls loyal to him in another
part of the interview he explained that
where he said oh yeah I can't believe I
chose this guy because he was one of the
first to support me and then he wasn't
loyal to me he's not supposed to be
loyal to you he's the Attorney General
he's supposed to be loyal to the
American citizens he's supposed to be a
lawyer for them not a personal lawyer
for the president but since Donald
Donald Trump is a lifelong criminal who
hates flippers and rats the thing the
main thing he chooses on is loyalty if
your loyalty to me that's all I care
about I don't care how incompetent you
are or how you represent the American
people
ridiculous he acts just like a mafia
boss except an incredibly dumb one
my bosses don't con television and go I
don't look ruts I don't like people who
flip on me I don't like it okay yeah did
I make the baby yeah I made the payment
oh this guy and he wasn't oil to me so I
would have fun thinking about firing him
now to cover up you know what I'm saying
the world's dumbest mob boss
that's who Donald Trump is like this
video that's great and you never have to
miss another episode of t whitey by
hitting the subscribe button below and
ring the bell to get notified whenever
we publish a new video
