the chief executive of the company that
owns the National Enquirer is a guy
named David pecker he's the CEO of
American media incorporated now why is
he relevant in politics these days he's
a very good friend of Donald Trump he's
been friends with him since the 1990s
well okay that's no crime no problem at
all but the problem is that David pecker
has bought a number of stories and
prevented them from ever airing the
reason he bought them was to spite them
it's called catch and kill and who did
he do that
to benefit he did it to benefit Donald
Trump now everybody had a very clear
sense that that's why he was doing it
and in the case of Karen McDougal one of
the Playboy models the Donald Trump
slept with while married to another
woman pecker came in and bought that
story the rights that sort of four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and
then never ran in the National Inquirer
now what kind of a guy running a media
organization spends that kind of money
and doesn't run the story it was super
obvious all along that he was working in
collaboration with Donald Trump and
during the campaign and during the
campaign by the way unrelated to this
National Enquirer ran outrageous stories
about Donald Trump's main Republican
opponent Ted Cruz anybody who watches
The Young Turks knows I can't stand Ted
Cruz I got no love for him but when the
National Enquirer said hinted that
Cruz's dad might have killed JFK
that was preposterous when they said
that Ted Cruz had five mistresses
have you seen Ted Cruz okay maybe the
most outrageous lie the National
Enquirer has ever printed but he gets a
story about Donald Trump leading in the
Republican race man that would be a mega
story he's got a mistress - mistress
tells the story to the National Enquirer
and they spike and they never run it so
it was already obvious but now it's over
David Packard the chief executive of the
company that publishes the National
Enquirer was granted immunity by federal
prosecutors for providing information
about Michael Cohen and President Trump
in the criminal
investigation into hush money payments
for two women during the 2016
presidential campaign according to
people familiar with the matter tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
Cohen flipped and even his own pecker
flipped and now his relationship with
his pecker apparently has been severed
so he's in a world of trouble a world of
trouble one more detail here from The
Wall Street Journal in exchange for
immunity pecker the CEO of American
media incorporated and a longtime friend
of Trump has met with prosecutors and
shared details about payments Cohen
arranged in an effort to silence two
women who alleged sexual encounters with
Trump including Trump's knowledge of the
deals some of the people said no no no
no no I know that Donald Trump keeps
going around job' campaign finance
violations I don't even know if they are
violations it's kind of in the title he
says you know Michael Cohen pled guilty
to these charges but I don't even know
if they're crimes he pled guilty they
accepted his plea he's going to prison
I'm pretty sure their crimes
but when Cohen and David pecker say yes
we did pay hush money yes Donald Trump
ordered us to and yes it was to help the
campaign that is definitely 100% a
campaign finance violation and a felony
nam soon Donald Trump might hear this in
prison show me the bottle
wow he is in a world of trouble I
predicted that a long long time ago that
he would leave office before the
midterms now there's very little time
before the midterms and people keep
asking me are gonna change her for days
yet haha nope he's circling the drain
almost God
how much more evidence do you need
prosecutors they've got him on so many
different things but if he's lost this
Packer
he's in a world of hurt have you heard
about the new TYT audio network we have
some great new shows for you find us
wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT Network or head over
to TYT dot-com slash audio
