I have been an incredible admirer of the
founder of this movement for as long as
I can remember now which you know
because I'm an old guys not so many
years but there it is
shank has been an inspiration and what
he has built and what all of you have
built I think we will look back to
remember as the colonel the beginning
the start of bringing this Republic
around so when Mike says I'm going to
get up here and teach you some more I'm
not gonna teach you anything you know
this issue as well as anybody in the
nation I think what I want to do is to
mark out where I am and when I can mark
out where I am I hope in some questions
we can get some debate maybe a little
bit more fierce than I understand the
debate with my friend John putner was
but it's extremely great to see John
here - because putner is also an
incredibly important part of this
movement because as you see at the end
in my view the single most important
move we can make is to find a way to
turn off phones but also
but also to build the coalition between
people of different values and different
views but committed to the fundamental
value that we have a republic that
represents everyone equally ok so here's
the first frame I'm not actually sure
that what's necessary for us to succeed
is even possible in America today I'm
not sure because the reality is what's
necessary for us to succeed is to find a
way for us to rise above the partisans
in American politics to find a way not
to deny our differences because there
are real differences not to minimize the
importance of the values that we on the
Left really really care about like
single-payer health care or a minimum
wage that really makes it possible for
people to live or climate change not to
deny the significance of those issues
but to recognize that at certain moments
a republic needs to pause and to fix
itself and the only way it ever fixes
itself truly is to step above the
partisan divide and to reach across to
people of Honor on the other side and to
say let's put the arguments aside for a
moment the arguments of substance that
we believe so much in and let's focus on
what we know we have to fix to make it
possible for a democracy to work because
we need to remember that before we were
Republicans or Democrats
we were citizens first and what we
believe what we believe in this movement
in this Article five movement what we
believe is that constitutional change is
necessary in America now I've spent many
years arguing that we can get a lot
without constitutional change we could
fix a lot without actually changing our
constitution but that shouldn't be
confused with the view that we don't
need
constitutional change I think
fundamentally our Constitution has to be
significantly altered to make it
possible for democracy to continue to
function and that part of our reform
movement is what you are so central to
bringing about so we can ask this
question what constitutional change and
the difference is that I think we need
to focus on our not as important as what
unites this movement as more importantly
that we need to find a way that to
express what we believe and what we
believe is that we need this change in
the basic frame of our government and a
change not controlled by Congress
because what we believe in this movement
is that we believe Congress is the
problem Congress is the institution that
has allowed the corruption of this
democracy to evolve and that's something
people on the Left believe and people on
the right believe this is what unites us
and why we are here in an article 5
movement the failed branch of our
government is the institution we have to
find a way to fix and that fact is a
huge problem for the reform movement for
this republic because if you think about
the failure of a judge a judge being
proven as corrupt or an alcoholic or
just insane our Constitution has built
in a system for dealing with a bad judge
we impeach that judge or if you could
imagine I don't know if you can imagine
a terrible
okay so you guys are smart just like
shut your eyes for a minute just imagine
a constitutionally insanely terrible
president our Constitution has embedded
a way to deal with that problem either
we don't select him in the next election
or we impeach him that is the plan that
is given to us in our constitutional
doctrine but Congress in our
Constitution is essentially untouchable
the institution is untouchable because
we don't elect our Congress we elect
members to Congress and what that means
is in our voting there is no one who we
elect with the means or the motive to
fix Congress directly now this problem
was not completely missed by the framers
indeed I think some of the framers saw
this as one of the flaws in their
original constitutional design just a
couple days before the first draft of
the Constitution was released George
Mason noticed this flaw because the then
structure for amending the Constitution
said that the only people who can amend
the Constitution was Congress it was
Congress that would propose the
amendments in Congress that could ratify
the amendments by sending them out to
the states and what Mason said was what
if Congress is the problem he wrote no
as he spoke in the floor of the
convention no amendments of the proper
kind would ever be obtained by the
people if the government should become
oppressive and what that did was to lead
to this least understood Clause of our
Constitution the clause would you
understand better than most law
professors article five convention
clause because what Mason recognized and
convinced the convention of is that we
needed a path around the corrupted
institution of Congress a path that will
allow the people through their states to
rally
to fix the Constitution to avoid what
could be the alternative which would be
a revolution now what's astonishing to
me is the ignorance the really
astonishing ignorance about this clause
but the good news here is that it's
bipartisan
so for example let me pick on somebody
on our own side here for a second this
this piece and February 2016 describes
this platform put together by a group of
quote reform groups as a describe the
article efforts are being undertaken in
state legislatures to pass resolutions
calling for a constitutional convention
to send various constitutional
amendments to the States for
ratification
if these efforts are successful it would
result in the nation's first
constitutional convention since 1787
convention that adopted the Constitution
it would also create the opportunity for
a runaway convention that could rewrite
any constitutional right or protection
currently available to American citizens
this is this is this is conventional
wisdom no this is conventional ignorant
in American politics today this is what
both sides believe and we should be rekt
we should be clear about how totally
confused this rhetoric is so let's start
with these words constitutional
convention the reality is an article
five convention is not what
constitutional theorists understand as a
constitutional convention what a
constitutional convention is is a
convention that has the power to blow up
the existing Constitution to make up its
own rules to do whatever the hell it was
because it speaks as the French put it
and if it's put it in French than it
sounds more authentic with the
constituents power the constituent power
the power of the people is expressed in
a constitutional convention but that is
not what article 5 is article 5 is not a
constitutional convention the way 1787 s
convention was the convention of our
framers was a constitutional convention
because was I'm sure you know they took
their old constitution I just threw it
away they violated the rules for
amending their constitution to get the
new constitution and they did so
believing they had the power when it
went out to the states and states
convention to speak for the people and
they did so they created this convention
outside of the Articles of Confederation
themselves the Articles in Federation
had no provision for calling a
convention this was a convention
expressing what Jefferson believed an
America at the time understood that a
people have an unalienable right to
alter or abolish their constitution
that's what they were doing but I don't
know whether I know anyone
calling for a constitutional convention
in that sense today maybe there are you
know maybe we're gonna have to if we
fail long enough but right now I don't
know anybody calling for that sort of a
convention what I think we're trying to
do is to call the convention spoken of
in the plain language of this really
hard to read document a convention for
proposing amendments it's a convention
for a particular purpose and that
purpose defines its limits
indeed article 5 goes on to describe
expressly that whatever this convention
does has no power until it is ratified
by three-fourths of the states so this
language this power created by the
Constitution is something fundamentally
different from what the framers of our
Constitution we're doing they were
giving us a power for proposing
amendments a power limited by the
expressed terms of article 5 the only
power this convention has is the power
for proposing amendments and it cannot
in that sense run away and the way
people talk about the original
Constitution Oh convention running away
the only thing it can do is fail now
they say though our opponents the people
who oppose the idea of an article five
convention they say I don't know it did
before run away this thing you call a
convention so it can run away again and
that's their fear that if we created a
convention that has this echo from what
happened in 1787 it'll run away as that
article described and change the
Constitution willy-nilly violating the
rules the First Amendment is gone the
Fourteenth Amendment is gone the Second
Amendment is repeated over and over and
over and over
they say that 1787 convention is a
precedent and in the law of
constitutional law we have to look to
precedents and recognize they can be
repeated and if they can read be
repeated then we should recognize a
convention is always available to
destroy the existing Constitution ok so
let's just be clear about what they do
then meaning what exactly is the
precedent of 1787
and the answer that question we're gonna
play an old game what I'm gonna ask you
to do is to identify at what step in the
pro was the law or the Constitution or
whatever you want to say violated when
did they cross the line between what was
legally permissible and what was a
violation of existing law okay so the
steps in 1787 back then were number one
there was a rogue convention that was
pulled together so Annapolis in 1786 had
failed and even without it can even
without the presence of a quorum to
enable them to discuss anything they
said let's think about getting together
in Philadelphia in 1787 and so they said
this sounds like a good idea we'll get
together in 1787 and they sent this word
back to Congress and out to the states
and the state said okay we can have a
convention in Philadelphia beginning in
May 1787 but what that convention can do
is just consider amendments to the
Articles of Confederation and the very
first act they did was to close the
doors seal the windows pull the shades
down and say to hell with that we're not
gonna sit around wasting our time
talking about amending this failed
document we're gonna write a new
constitution so the rogue convention
ignored the limits given to them by the
states
Congress about what they could do they
then recommended to Congress at the end
of at the end of their convention four
months later in September they
recommended their constitute to Congress
a new constitution and in critically
they recommended that that new
Constitution be adopted in a way that
was inconsistent with the rules set down
in our in the Articles of Confederation
the artisan confederation said a new
constitution has to be adopted or a new
amendment to the Constitution has to be
adopted unanimously and what these guys
said is we have a better idea
anything unanimously what about if nine
states agree
you know that's close enough for
government work right so nine states if
we get nine states that's a legitimate
amendment so they said we have a
recommendation our recommendation is you
say nine states and when those nine
states have ratified in convention then
we're going to recognize a new
constitution then step four is Congress
listen to this
read the Constitution said okay sounds
like a good idea to us and so Congress
adopted the recommendation of the
convention and sent it out to the states
saying we'd like you to consider whether
to ratify this and the states debated it
and you know there's an amazing history
told in a book called coup by my
colleague mike lahrman which is about a
thousand-page book so if you ever need
their sleep you can you know bring this
book to your bedside but the amazing
story of the ratification here which his
point is just how tenuous the
ratification was there was so many
moments when it could have gone the
other way and the fred the framers were
so genius in their political strategy of
where they would bring it first to make
it create the momentum necessary to
bring them over the final line but
congress adopted the recommendation
senator and said do it according to this
recommendation and of course eventually
it was ratified all right which of these
steps was illegal all of them
all right what's the first step illegal
I mean you know they were told get
together and think about this but they
said I know we don't want to do that is
that against the law
I mean he just didn't do what they were
told if they if doing I'm not doing what
you were told is against the law that
Congress has been illegal every day of
its life there's nothing illegal and
just getting a bunch of people together
and talking about what they're gonna you
know what you think a new constitution
should be we could talk about a new
constitution you wouldn't be illegal I
know that would depress some of you
because you want to sort of be rebels
and get arrested but you wouldn't get
arrested for sitting down and talking
about a so number one is not
illegal
number two ignoring the limits of what
they were told they could talk about is
that illegal hell no it was a free
country you can talk about whatever the
hell you want to talk about number three
recommending something to Congress they
sent a letter to Congress they said
here's what we've done and what we'd
like you to do is to consider our
proposal and our proposal is send this
out to the states and when the states
man of them agree then you should
consider this Constitution ratified you
know I send letters that violate the
Constitution all the trying to Congress
no I don't get arrested I haven't been
arrested well I have been arrested once
democracy Springs protests but it had
nothing to do with my recommendations to
Congress so the convention sending a
recommendation to Congress is not
illegal what is illegal
is this what violated the rules was this
when Congress said hell yeah it was a
good idea the Constitution says
unanimous millenniums let's try 9 that
was the illegal map and then what
followed after that was according to the
original Constitution illegal but this
detail is really critical because when
they say there's a precedent out there
we have to understand what the precedent
was what was the illegal act that
they're fearful it's going to repeat
itself right there beautiful that when
it happens some constitutional spark in
sentencing this illegality this happened
in 1787 so it's therefore okay right so
let's map out what that could be
the precedent they say is Congress
ignored the Express rules for how to
ratify Amendment that is the only
precedent of a nebula okay let's think
about now let's imagine we convene a
convention let's say it's a convention
that was convened for the purpose of
considering campaign
and the convention is convened after you
know let's say legislature said you're
gonna consider any punishment and and
midway through the convention apologize
for this catch me describing traffic
like this is I'm sure that America
midway through the convention there's
another massive that some an imaginative
chairman of the conventions daughter has
been
and she comes to the convention and she
says the convention these limits
terrible total
what we should do is we should propose
an amendment to abolish so she ignores
limits
and the connection feeling the emotion
of the moment sets Heligan and they book
you dance and polish the second and then
they say you know this is nothing to
pass three forces of states but if we
had a referendum national recommend it
it counts so here's our idea send our
proposal to abolish the Second Amendment
to Congress but in that proposal but
amend a new way in that body doesn't say
this man will be law if a national
referendum finds at least sixty percent
of Americans support it so perfectly
parallels with painlessly brain said
this is a disaster I'm gonna write a new
constitution and we're gonna propose a
new way of it
okay now we get to the precedent
it's actually what she's doing
so therefore it's okay put the arm in it
this anybody believed that they would
take more than two hours with supreme
court to be thinking and despite the
Supreme Court saying it would work with
music
hell no would be the plain words of
article 5 plain words markup I'm saying
the only way to amendment Constitution
isn't 3/4 of the states agree with it
whether you like that or not I don't
like it at all but that's what's in the
words of our to provide my point is this
whole idea that we could copy the
illegal precedent and fear that legal
precedent
redditor or prostitution comfortable is
nice unimaginable in real political
terms it is just used by people
who want to embarrass status quo like
terrifying people who don't have ten
minutes like you just take it the
obvious hideous dessert thing is it is
not even plausible that the Supreme
Court would allow them to do what the
framers of our Constitution did for a
thousand reasons but the most obvious
what heats Congress is Speaker of the
House whether completed ever announcing
they're changing the rules permanent
Constitution it would be out of court in
ten minutes we have to do better be
making this absolutely obvious argument
here to never we have to call
we have to find a way to make it so
people don't follow this idiocy to the
point that we can't do anything about it
because these unimaginable dangers these
dangers they talk about which are
literally unimaginable once you unpack
it are blocking the opportunity for us
to address certain disasters and I don't
mean certain as in particular I mean
certain as we will certainly have a
disaster in this democracy if we don't
find a way to fix this Constitution it
is absolutely clear that we are
destroying the capacity for
self-government and unless we change
this system constitutionally we can't
recover it that is a certain disaster
and these unimaginable dangers are
stopping too many people from addressing
that certain disaster so when you ask
why you ask what these groups are what
these reform groups are the truth is
what really is behind this is these are
people who are deeply skeptical they
would say of state legislators but I
think what they're really skeptical of
is representative democracy what they're
really skeptical of is the people what
these people are our team to keep
control in the elite for how our
Constitution of all's I don't know if
chink made tell this story I'm sorry if
you're gonna ruin your story here but
check and I met with the head of common
cause before the election we're trying
to lay out the argument for article 5
and he's a smart guy and he's a good guy
at that moment you know he was like why
should we risk it
when you know Hillary will just appoint
the justices we want and we'll fix the
constitutional problem that way now of
course I haven't had a chance to talk to
him after that about how his calculation
is down
difference given that Hillary is not yet
maybe her emails appointed to Justice I
don't know but there's no Hillary
justice out there so I don't know I was
calculation is different but the reality
is as we know we who've dealt with these
people know these people are deeply
elitist and they are so cynical and
skeptical of the capacity of America to
deal with their constitution that the
idea of self-government dealing with the
founding founding document of
self-government is just beyond them they
can't imagine it no you know don't get
me wrong look I'm a harvard law
professor I make elite people for a
living this is my job and I don't mean
to say that I'm an SI elites like I
think it's good to have you know a
couple of smart people in the room but
we have tried elite constitutionalism
long enough we have tried the system
where we allow the elite to fix our
problems long enough and they haven't
fixed our problems yet and so I think
for far too long
this attitude of handing our
Constitution over to the senior elites
lawyers and law professors for far too
long that's been the way we think about
constitutional law and what this
movement is I think most excitedly about
is a movement to bring the people back
in to the constitutional room to bring
the people back into the process of
describing what should be the rules that
govern us because they are our rules we
the people are governing ourselves or
that's the theory and let's at least
find a way to fight for that theory this
elitism has produced a constitution ever
more remote from the people we have to
try something different we have to try a
constitution finally again for the
people okay I want to make one final
point in order stop
I think no one takes seriously enough in
this debate that this movement cannot be
cannot be it cannot seem to be partisan
it cannot be and it cannot seem to be
partisan
that doesn't mean partisan sides can't
rally for a convention but the movement
cannot be a partisan movement because if
it is partisan then it will fill and the
mechanism of its failure should be
obvious to us if there were a right-wing
convention which is the most likely
outcome of the current Article five
movement the most likely outcome is that
there will be in the next five years a
convention called for the purpose of
dealing with an issue that America
perceives as a right-wing issue that
will be a gift to the Democratic Party
it will be the gift of a money printing
machine to the Democratic Party you've
already got you're already getting these
emails from the Democratic Party the
d-triple-c right Susie's emails saying
the right wing is about to destroy our
Constitution and so what we need to do
is to rally to stop the convention
movement and they love it because fear
and uncertainty and distrust produces
extraordinary amounts of money for their
coffers and so they get hundreds of
millions of dollars in this fight if
this fight actually were produced by
there being a right-wing convention out
there and the same thing with a
left-wing convention or what's perceived
as a left-wing convention it would be a
gift to the Republican Party a money
printing machine which they would
exploit by talking about how we're going
to destroy the First Amendment or
destroy the Second Amendment will
destroy earth well who cares about the
third amendment but the point is they
will terrify their base and their base
we'll send all of their money to the
Republican Party either way we have to
see we have to hear
what the consultants will say the
consultants I love this graph I'll be
licking their chops get it they'll be
licking their chops yeah cat video
licking their chops when they recognize
so you must resist it the consultants
will love the world of a partisan
convention because it gets them what
they need more money you must resist it
we must resist it actively I don't think
we've done enough not to oppose but to
support across partisan article five
convention or a brace of conventions the
understanding there would be to
immediately or one that can consider two
sides I think that it's critical for us
to say I support an article five
convention that would consider issues
affecting the issues I care about what I
call representational integrity all the
ways in which we've allowed special
interest to corrupt our election process
but I support that as well as a
convention that has the opportunity to
consider what we could call fiscal
responsibility but I think our
disastrous ideas but let them consider
it I support both because that's the
only way for either to have a fair shot
at making their ideas debatable among
the people in the state so that
three-fourths of the states have the
chance the opportunity to actually
ratify it I support this not as a
Democrat not as a former Republican but
I support this as a citizen first that's
got to be our movement that's what
inspires me to join your movements
brings me back to saying I'm not sure
that what's necessary is possible all
that I'm sure of is it's necessary
and so if there is inspiration that it
is possible then let's just go for one
minute back to this extraordinary event
so when people look at this painting
they think what's the diversity here is
you're a bunch of white men over 50 well
you know not all of them but you know
they're all pretty old they're all for
today okay and no doubt no doubt the
single most important blindness of our
framers was their obliviousness to the
issues of equality as it affects race
and sex and wealth and certain respect
that I would quibble about that okay
fine but we should recognize this is an
incredibly diverse group of people in
this mix there were people who believed
slavery was the moral abomination of the
age and people who believed slavery was
a natural power that any free society
should be allowed to exercise there
could be no difference as fundamental as
that but what they could do was to
bracket that difference long enough to
craft a constitution to save the
Republic now I'm the first to say maybe
that was a bad thing you know for the
slaves it was certainly a bad thing
because what it did was embed that
system which many people think if there
hadn't been a republic flavor who had
been over in 10 years 15 years because
they couldn't have survived without the
support of the north so maybe that's
true but my point is not to say it's a
great thing to have a constitution that
embedded slavery my thing is to say my
point is to say if they could bracket
the hardest moral struggle there is we
should be able to bracket our arguments
about health care or the minimum wage we
should be able to say I'm not giving up
my fight I'm not telling you I'm not
going to fight for this but we should be
able to say let's fix what we know is
broken so that we can get back to a
government that could actually deal with
it that's what they did they could put
aside those differences and so two must
wait thank you very much
