hey guys we'll get to our next clip in a
second but first I want to touch on
something very important to me and our
team at TYT mental health affects so
many people no matter who you are or
what your background is we at TYT are
partnering with better help so you can
access professional affordable and kamee
and counseling through the phone and
video chat with therapists at the
comfort of your own home head over to
better help calm slash tyt for more info
and how you can receive unlimited help
from licensed professional counselors
from your phone or computer at any time
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
has been controlled by Mick Mulvaney as
of late and Mulvaney has done anything
and everything possible to essentially
tear the CFPB apart this is the one
Bureau that's supposed to look out for
you as a consumer he has dismantled it
now in the future it's this organization
is gonna need a new leader because
Mulvaney was just supposed to be an
interim head of the CFPB recent news
indicates that the Senate Banking
Committee is likely to vote in favor of
a woman named Cathy cran enger' to be
the new head of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau does she have any
experience as the head of any government
agency no does she have any experience
in the financial sector in any way no
what experience does she have well she
has worked as an aide to Republican
politicians oh okay and you know
Republican politicians they just can't
wait to protect consumers yeah I mean a
favor for the bank's they would never do
that they're always looking out for you
guys saying how can we regulate the
banks to make sure there's enough cops
on Wall Street to protect the average
American so she's probably studied in
the art of how to screw over consumers
to help Wall Street because that's all
they're the Republicans ever do in
Congress so very little is known about
her because she doesn't really have much
experience but what we do know is who
she considers her mentor her mentor is
Mick Mulvaney she says that she's
hoping to do as great of a job as
Mulvaney has done with the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and
literally the only thing that he's done
is dismantle it so I'll give you
specific examples among his top donors
our payday lenders and so during the
Obama administration there was some
regulation to rein in the behavior of
these payday lenders who prey on people
in incredibly vulnerable situations and
these payday lenders would also tack on
extremely high interest rates sometimes
as high as 300% there were cases where
there were interest rates tacked on at
750 percent okay so they would prey on
people in terrible situations who are
vulnerable and then they would be caught
in this inescapable cycle of debt and so
there was a lawsuit filed by the federal
government against some of these payday
lenders well Mick Mulvaney all of a
sudden gets into the CFPB he's in charge
and you know what he did drop the
lawsuits so these payday lenders can
continue doing what they were doing they
can now get away with it because there's
no regulatory body that's enforcing you
know the regulations that were put in
place in the first place and now we're
gonna have Kathy chroniger come in if
she gets approved by the Senate and
she's just gonna continue doing with
what Mick Mulvaney has done you know
during his time at the CFPB so I know
there's some good conservatives in the
country I was recently at a Wolfpack of
n met John putner there he helped take
down Eric Cantor in a Republican primary
Dave brat ran against them and they ran
a campaign against the big bankers
ripping off American people that's a
great campaign I appreciate that they're
absolutely right about that
now are there Republican politicians in
office now
who who stayed against the bankers in a
similar way to protect the average
American now the answer is absolutely
not no they're good conservatives and
Republicans across the country at the
state level the local level voters sure
okay but in terms of national Republican
politicians almost to a man I may be
dr. Jones deeply deeply conservative
don't agree with him on anything but
he's actually honest but 99.9% of them
they're corrupt they work for their
donors they are the swamp and they rip
you off on a regular basis to help these
donors so the payday lenders I mean who
is in charge of consumer financial
protection bureau protecting consumers
and says yeah I bet the payday lenders
charging him seven hundred and fifty
percent interest have their best
interests in mind well they do have best
interest in mind that's true but not
yours
so Mick Mulvaney --zz corruption is
brazen to be fair the payday lenders
they bribe the right guy they found a
guy that they thought this guy will do
anything we tell them and in in
Republican circles at the national level
if you raise your hand and say I will do
anything a corporate donor tells me
anything you will get promoted and
promoted and promoted so Mulvaney got
promoted twice within trump
administration and so now cran enger'
comes in and goes
I'll also be corrupt I'll be just as
corrupt as Mulvaney please please give
me an awesome job give me a lot of power
and later by the way I'll work for those
same financial companies and they'll pay
me a ton of money for letting me rob you
of your hard-earned dollars Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau has returned
billions of dollars to the American
people because it was fraud the bankers
have armies of lawyers they're not
paying billions of dollars if they
didn't do it they did do it the
Protection Bureau protected you return
that money to the average American now
crane injure says says no no no I'm not
I'm not gonna represent you just like
Mulvaney I will represent the giant
bankers and the payday lenders and we
will rob you blind and almost not almost
every Republican will vote for her I
guarantee I'm telling your editor
absolutely I guarantee it
they will all vote for her and and
they'll be proud of it so the next time
you vote for a Republican why don't you
just give him your wallet while you're
at it
so you just
something that I want to elaborate on
because there is a little bit of hope
when it comes to this story believe it
or not so right now the Senate Banking
Committee is likely to approve her
nomination but they're not the ultimate
deciders the ultimate deciders includes
the entire Senate so the Senate will
have to vote on confirming her they're
unlikely to get to that vote until after
the midterm election so with that said
it is incredibly important to elect
progressives I'm not saying elect
Democrats I'm saying elect progressives
people that you know will vote against
this nominee see a perfect example I
feel like sometimes really only people
who actually are nonpartisan and it's
ironic because they say oh you guys are
by a sea of a perspective now we have
perspective that it's yes progressive
but also looking out for the average
person so who also attacks Democrats the
Republicans almost no one else right so
in this case Tom Carper senator from
Delaware what did he do he voted to
deregulate the banks he's a Democrat why
did he do that because he takes a giant
amount of money from the banks so it's
Tom Carper corrupt goddamn right he's
corrupt so go vote in a primary for
Carrie Harris who's are just Democrat
who refuses to take corporate PAC money
why do I keep emphasizing that because
if they take the corporate money they
work for the corporations they don't
work for you when they don't take it at
least you know that there have a shot at
representing you so go vote for Kerry
Harrison Delaware throw that corrupt Tom
Carper out of office otherwise he'll
vote for the bankers for the rest of
your life go vote on primaries and by
the way if you're a Republican go vote
in your primaries I don't know if you
could find an honest Republican at the
national level in primaries or otherwise
so if you can bless your heart if you
can't run for office believe in
conservative principles conservative
principles are not robbing the American
people and on behalf of wall street when
did that become a conservative principle
know almost all of your representatives
are corrupt understand that and vote
them out of office and do it immediately
because if you don't do it right now as
an appointed out after the elections
continue to put her in place she's
promised to Rob
and she will rob you and they'll applaud
while doing it so throw all those bums
out have you heard about the new TYT
audio network we have some great new
shows for you find us wherever you get
your podcast by searching for TYT
Network or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash audio
