House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was
asked whether or not Democrats are now
considering impeaching Donald Trump now
this follows news where Paul Manafort
was you know found guilty of eight out
of the eight 18 charges but more
importantly Michael Cohen did plead
guilty to paying off Trump's mistresses
in violation of campaign finance laws so
that is an indication that Trump broke
the law
so is Pelosi considering impeachment
well here's her answer Nancy Pelosi said
impeaching president Trump is quote not
a priority
despite Michael Cohen's guilty plea to
campaign finance violations that
implicated the president
she said impeachment has to spring from
something else okay what does that even
mean she also said if and when the
information emerges about that we'll see
it's not a priority on the agenda going
forward unless something else comes
forward so she's being super vague what
else are you looking for I mean maybe
they're trying to you know put all of
their attention on the Muller case and
Russian meddling but this is very very
different from the reaction that we
would get if the tables were turned and
the person implicated were a Democratic
president in fact I have evidence of
that so during the Clinton
administration back in 1999 Lindsey
Graham who was a member of the House at
the time said this so the point I'm
trying to make is you don't even have to
be convicted of a crime to lose your job
in this constitutional republic if this
body determines that your conduct as a
public official is clearly out of bounds
in your role because impeachment is not
about punishment
impeachment is about cleansing the
office impeachment is about restoring
honor in integrity to the office so in
this case Clinton did not commit a crime
he was not implicated in a crime he had
sex with an intern he lied about it and
then later confessed to it Republicans
are ready and willing to impeach over
anything but when it comes to Democrats
oh I don't know I mean that would that
would require me to actually be strong
on something and we're afraid of
everything impeach me I don't know let's
wait let's wait until he murders someone
and then maybe we'll consider it
pathetic so this is what we talk about
when we say the uneven playing field one
side is super strong like I will convey
cue and and throw you out of office and
and impeach you because we just don't
like your personal conduct and we're
gonna cleanse you the other side Trump
was just named basically as a
co-conspirator in a felony that a person
admitted to play guilty to and is going
to serve years in prison for right now
like yeah but could we get a bigger
crime unbelievable look I want to be
clear I a lot of people had strong
feelings about impeachment and people
want to impeach on the first day because
of their volume is claws etc and and
there were good reasons for that it said
but dead to me it was not enough because
at the end of the day impeachment is a
political process it's not you don't go
to a court of law
so the way that it works is Judiciary
Committee it has to come out of that in
the house and then he goes to the full
house and all you need is a majority in
the house but in this Senate you need 67
people to convict actually throw them
out of office okay so it is a very very
high bar but if you now lower the bar
and say you could even commit crimes
felonies be a conspirator in that and
we're gonna let you get away with it
then what are we doing so I wasn't
pushing I mean you could go watch
although at the different clips and
there are times when I'm like why won't
anybody do anything about this when he
clearly breaks the law for example when
he steals from his own charity and then
pays his bills and you there's many
different examples but somebody would
have to go prove that in
and then you could talk about
impeachment but in this case we did it
Michael Cohen actually went to court and
said yes Donald Trump and I broke a law
together and I'm gonna go to prison for
three to six years because of it and the
Democrats still won't do anything so if
these said look we want to run the
elections on policy issues Oh bless your
hearts that's great I I know right yeah
I would love that I would love that if
you ran it on policy issues if you ran
strongly on Medicare for all and higher
wages for Americans and the American
Dream for the average American they
their kids can go to college
twenty-eight million Americans that are
uninsured yeah let's wait until there's
more so that's not why they're doing it
if they were doing to run on policy
fantastic right and and by the way you
can do both at the same time you can say
hey I'm running on issues but at the
same time this guy who seems to have
broken a law so we should begin those
proceedings we should have a
conversation about whether that's gonna
happen so why is she saying this even
though she claims to be the leader of
the resistance because everybody in
Washington lives in a Hot Tub Time
Machine so they always oh no no in the
1990s oh my god you're still talking
about the 1990s in the 1970s Tip O'Neill
said all politics was local and the
1870s Barney Rubble since my second
Barney Rubble reference today anyway and
and and in the 1990s when the
Republicans in impeachment it hurt their
electoral chances so in other words I
don't care about the law I don't care
about fighting against Donald Trump on
legitimate issues I care about my
electoral chances no but think and it's
a wrong calculation anyway but think
about who Nancy Pelosi is because you're
right
she cares about reelection that's the
most important thing in fact now that
there are calls for her to step down as
you know Democratic leadership mm-hmm
she is fighting that tooth and nail and
the reason why I bring that up is
because what does she do she just
is money that's it that's all she does
she's a fundraiser that is her claim to
fame that is what she's accomplished in
that is what she's successful in raising
money she is very good at asking people
for money but she's not good at
representing the American people she's
not good at representing the people who
have voted for her she doesn't care
about the people who voted for her so
let me just give you the last part of
that puzzle so if you say hey look she's
in it wants to get more democrats
elected that's what she's supposed to do
as a house Minority Leader
partly sure of course right that's good
but I've been talking to reporters over
the last couple of days and the word on
the street in Washington is if the
Democrats get back the house there's no
way that they could kick Nancy Pelosi
out of leadership so she would get to be
Speaker of the House again and have more
power so she's driven towards we got a
win reelection so I could be back to
Speaker of the House Oh Donald Trump
broke some laws whatever resistance yay
meanwhile reelect us really like me me
me me me me me me me me I have a bold
proposal which of course Democrats in
Washington will not accept which is how
about you're honest and you go hey you
know what I care deeply about these
issues we're going to fight on those
issues we're gonna win on those issues
and at the same time Donald Trump
obviously broke the law and there should
be consequences oh but then the
Republicans will distract by running TV
ads I Got News for You Nancy
they're gonna run TV ads anyway yeah
they're gonna run billions of dollars in
TV ads and most of them are going to be
attacking you and when you surrender
that doesn't really help your cause
they have never figured that out in all
these years maybe because they're paid
not to figure it out that surrender does
not show strength and does not lead to
electoral victories one final thing I
want to mention about her raising money
to get other Democrats elected
understand that she will raise money to
get specific types of Democrats elected
she was very dismissive of Alexandria
costume Cortes in her stunning upset in
New York okay and I'm just mentioning
that because sure it's good to help
support other Democrats
but it's not to support the kind of
Democrats that we're hoping for who
actually want to fight for us and want
to protect the entitlements that we've
paid into who want to protect us from
you know the militarization of the
police force she has no interest in
those types of candidates she is
dismissive of them and she believes that
the majority of Democratic voters have
no interest in them or at least she's
lied to herself to believe that she is
not a leader okay she has the seniority
she's been around she's raised a lot of
money but what good does that do if the
candidates don't actually speak for us
during the postgame I'm gonna tell you a
story about how Washington insiders in
the Democratic Party are not so upset
that Joe Crowley lost Alexandria Costa
Cortes why he was one of their own oh
you're going to love / hate the reason
why so we'll do that the post-game for
the members thank you for supporting the
show if you remember TYT comm slides
joined to become a member and join the
home of progressives and will tell you
that great story in that postgame okay
and meanwhile if you're gonna claim to
be the leader of the resistance perhaps
you should try resisting never miss
another t YT video by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT and download the TYT Plus
app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join
