hey guys we'll get to our next clip in a
second but first I want to touch on
something very important to me and our
team at TYT mental health affects so
many people no matter who you are or
what your background is we at TYT are
partnering with better help so you can
access professional affordable and kamee
and counseling through the phone and
video chat with therapists at the
comfort of your own home head over to
better help calm slash tyt for more info
and how you can receive unlimited help
from licensed professional counselors
from your phone or computer at any time
Bloomberg has been investigating the
issue of healthcare in America so
they're doing this multi-part series
that's been fascinating and they have
specifically focused on how Americans
are rigging their own safety nets as a
response to a failing health care system
this is so interesting and also it
really highlights how bad health care is
in America so to give you the the quick
details on what they're doing they're
following people who are uninsured in
this year-long effort to tell a story of
Americans struggling to afford the
rising cost of health care and the
financial and medical trade-offs they
make so one of the things that people
are doing is they are rejecting private
health care altogether it's too
expensive their their monthly costs are
way to hide their deductibles are too
high and so they realize no this doesn't
make so much sense why am I paying $400
a month and dealing with an incredibly
high deductible when at the end of the
day if I need this insurance company to
cover something don't reject the claims
they won't authorize things this is a
waste of time so physicians have opted
to reject insurance as well instead of
charging patients directly in return for
more personalized care so there is an
example of this Christian nonprofit
group it's called Liberty health share
these are organizations that are
sometimes faith-based plans this is in
this case it is a faith-based plan they
help like-minded members share some
medical costs to join members must
pledge to adhere to Christian principles
they are required to make fixed payments
each month
the money is dispersed too however
health care needs for other families so
they're pooling their resources together
and then they're helping one another out
right if someone gets sick all right
here are the resources that we've
accumulated we're gonna use those
resources to help that person pay for
whatever healthcare costs they have but
what's interesting is even if it starts
off with really good intentions and even
if it starts off as something that's
supposed to be different from private
health insurers it ends up being very
similar to private health insurers it
ends up with a premium ends up with
certain things that won't be covered
under the plan so if you are living your
life in a way that this group finds
objectionable even if you're overweight
they won't help you pay for certain
things if you get injured in a DUI for
instance they will not cover the medical
costs in those cases so in a minute I'm
gonna get into the problems of the
Obamacare and and it really it's bad it
has some significant upsides but we
don't talk enough about its significant
downsides so but we will here and and I
think we tried more than anyone else to
point out both sides okay so at first I
started reading this story and it
sounded lovely people getting together
working together and there's two
separate parts there's the doctors who
are setting up their own clinics
basically and this one doctor that
they're using said you know she was
tired of the treadmill and when she was
working for those giant Health
corporations she had to see everybody in
15-minute intervals and it didn't matter
it's like if she couldn't give them
proper care it didn't matter move him
along move him along she couldn't look
things up she couldn't tell him the
answers move him along
it's a treadmill it's a treadmill the
corporation's got to make more money
right so it says she set up her own
organization in Boise Idaho her own
office and and she's like look I'm gonna
charge families 130 dollars you come in
and you get as much as treatment as you
want you pay $130 a month and she acts
works as a primary care physician she's
not able to provide all your health care
needs but you know the basics she's able
to provide and so $130 a month you show
up as many time
you want in any given month and she will
see you and she will see you as long as
she needs to to give you the care that
you need so that's wonderful and I want
to give her all the credit in the world
her last name is Gunther
okay so the second part is the church
that provides insurance why do you still
need insurance if you've got the doctor
because the doctor is for your regular
things like an infection and she helped
his family greatly buy and they didn't
have to go to an emergency room and
spent thousands of dollars right that's
great that's perfect but she can't fix
cancer right so or if you got shot or
you got a heart attack etc so there's
these big events that you need to have
insurance for that's where the church
comes in and in the beginning of the
story it sounded like oh that's another
lovely organization at least they got
together and people working together
that's what we're in favor of as
progressives but then you read the
details of the church plan and it's not
good it's disastrous so first on the
merits of it right it's not regulated by
the states and now like conservatives
like yeah deregulate no the problem is
that you don't have any protection so it
has really high deductibles wait that's
like the bad health insurance and if you
go over a million dollars it doesn't
cover you but cancer goes over a million
dollars then what's the point of having
the insurance for the things that are
you know the real big problems in your
life in in terms of insurance otherwise
you just go to a doctor it doesn't have
rules about minimum benefits and then on
top of that they judge your life and if
they deem you immoral they don't cover
it yeah
so some of it is what they deem immoral
other things you know other extra
charges which used to exist which used
to be sanctioned under you know health
insurance plans prior to the Affordable
Care Act are now being utilized by these
plans right so the Affordable Care Act
comes in and says look you can't charge
women more just because they're women
right which was one of the things that
health insurance companies were doing
you can't charge people more because
they're overweight but these church
based plans because they're not being
regulated can do all of that so to give
you a specific
example one family goes in family that's
been completely dissolute disillusioned
by the healthcare industry and their
paying $450 a month to this Liberty Plan
Liberty program but the woman in the
family is overweight and so she has to
pay an $80 a month surcharge for that so
a lot of the things that the Affordable
Care Act
luckily protected us from these new
plans that are unregulated do not
protect you from so as you mentioned
Jake there were good things that were
accomplished through the Affordable Care
Act unfortunately the thing that it did
not accomplish was affordability so I
did the math in the article and when you
take all the things that she has to pay
for under the this Liberty health share
it actually cost more than Obamacare and
then she also has to pay the hundred
thirty dollars for the private doctor
now she's paying way more and she's not
getting enough insurance by the way they
all also can deny your for pre-existing
condition E and even though it's run by
a church you know where they get what
they sometimes do they say if you didn't
weren't honest enough and you've seen
all those horror stories if you didn't
report that you had acne sometimes they
kick you out right so that not in this
particular case but in the in the in the
battle days before Obamacare right so
but this brings it back and they go if
we feel you weren't honest than offering
your application we can kick you out
retro actively so if you get some sort
of ailment and it seems like it's too
expensive we go back and analyze your
forms and if we quote-unquote catch you
then the church goes haha we're not
gonna pay your insurance go die oh Jesus
Christ it went from a heartwarming story
to a disastrous story no it's a
testament to how angry people are with
private insurers they're so angry that
and my read of this this is just the way
that I interpreted the piece that was
written by Bloomberg it seems like the
family is is aware that they're now
paying more than what they would have
paid under the Affordable Care Act but
it seems like they don't care because
they hate dealing with the insurance
companies and doctors are increasingly
becoming frustrated because remember
they have to spend a lot of time
administrative costs in trying to get
things authorized through these
insurance
Panisse like that middleman has been a
complete and utter disaster for a lot of
doctors so according to the research
done for this piece there have been as
many as 900 doctors as of late who have
decided no I'm not dealing with private
health care companies anymore I'm gonna
deal with the customer with the patient
directly and see if we can come to an
agreement so finally real quick the
force of Obamacare that partly led to
this first of all they just didn't cover
enough people so 19 million people will
cover that's great that there were
uncovered before 28 million are still
uncovered just to Medicare for all so we
all have health insurance right but then
the bigger problem is the deductibles
and and and the the rates okay so this
family had to pay five hundred forty
seven dollars a month for the Affordable
Care Act that's Obamacare their rent is
eight hundred seventy five dollars now
they're paying even more in health
insurance then they would have under
Obamacare but that's still too expensive
under Obamacare and with high
deductibles and you can get
out-of-pocket costs there are ten
thousand dollars that'll wipe out almost
you know ninety percent of the families
in this country you left private
insurance in charge and you assumed that
they wouldn't raise rates what a
terrible assumption you thought you had
some safeguards in there we told you at
a time that will not work at a bare
minimum you should have put the public
option in there and so now what you did
was you painted a Heritage Foundation
plan it was a right-wing playing in the
first place as the progressive plan and
then you let private insurance still in
charge and still able to raise rates so
now their crimes are put on progressives
no we didn't do that we didn't do that
it's private insurance that's charging
you all that money you know what would
actually solve it again Medicare for all
then we're all covered and we all pay
reasonable rates we pay less for health
care and we actually get health
insurance without the constant stress of
do I have a pre-existing condition am I
going to get booted off the deductibles
the co-pays etc that are crushing all
these families for God's sake do an
actual progressive plan and solve health
care once and for all
did you know the TYT network is now
available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV
access to full TYT episodes and
exclusive shows by signing up for
YouTube TV today all new subscribers get
a 7-day free trial so head over to
YouTube dot TV and search for TYT
networks channel
