yesterday Michael Cohen accepted a plea
deal and that plea deal indicated that
he would have to of course plead guilty
to a number of things he told the court
that he had coordinated payments at the
candidates direction meaning Trump to
stifle stories about two women the women
were not identified by name but the
facts laid out in court papers made
clear that they are the former Playboy
model Karen McDougal and adult film
actress Stephanie Clifford aka stormy
Daniels both women said they had affairs
with Trump and were paid to keep silent
so that is what he confessed to he has
pleaded guilty to that and so the
discussion the national discussion then
turned to whether or not there's any
possibility Donald Trump would pardon
him and Lanny Davis who is the attorney
for Michael Cohen answered that question
during a recent interview let's see what
he had to say there's one person who
could make Michael Cohen's legal
problems go away in an instant it's
Donald Trump is he hoping for a pardon
from President Trump not only is he not
hoping for he would not accept a pardon
he considers a pardon from somebody who
has acted so corruptly as president to
be something he would never accept ok
that's huge that's huge
yeah yesterday there were some question
as to what Michael Cohen was doing cuz
he was pleading guilty without really
getting a deal from the prosecutors and
so everybody's like what what the hell
is he doing here so so let's break that
down a little further so here they're
saying clearly we are not looking for a
partner coz that was one possibility
they're like maybe he just wants to get
rid of this whole case fine I'll plead
guilty right I don't want to be sit here
and spend hundreds of thousand dollars
over several years with this thing
hanging over my head I'll plead guilty
Trump will pardon me the next day and
I'm done with it
well that's gone he's not doing that
okay now there's a good reason why he's
not doing that as we've told you all
throughout they could also bring state
charges and now New York is considering
some stay charges yes him as well the
president cannot pardon someone on state
charges so he was likely going away
anyway so now I was on c-span this
morning on Washington Journal
a bunch of Republican callers calling in
they all had the same exact talking
point they got it from somewhere it's
drilled in in their head so they
repeated like robots so let go pay pay
hush money is not illegal so it's fun
you could pay that right now that's not
the issue here
the issue is Michael Cohen gave $150,000
to stormy Daniels during the campaign
because it affected the campaign Trump
is on tape talking about it in September
of 2016 during the campaign Michael Kohn
cannot give more than $2,700 to Trump's
campaign when you give 150,000 dollars
to make this problem go away for the
campaign that is an in-kind contribution
it is illegal it's not that it's hush
money it's that you're doing it during
the campaign now there she was you knew
those who legal that's what Trump is
saying now right well he pleaded guilty
in court that's one way you know it's a
crime the other way that you know is
that the judge accepted it and said yes
in fact you are guilty of this crime and
then as well you know you know what why
would a guy admit and and willing to
take 3 to 6 years in prison if he didn't
do it
also the argument that basically
consists of I didn't know that that was
a crime is not accepted for any average
person in any situation if you make an
illegal u-turn you can't then tell the
cop who stopped you I'm sorry I didn't
know I could make a u-turn there that
doesn't all of a sudden you know make
you safe from a citation you're the
President of the United States you
should have a firm understand in the
United States who's surrounded by
lawyers at all times you should have an
understanding of what is and isn't legal
as you're running for president it's a
clown it's a moot issue the ignorance is
not a defense in law and and second of
all everyone who runs for office let
alone the presidency knows you can't
just take 150 thousand dollars look
there's a million other ways to get
bribe legally you can get campaign
contributions you can get independent
expenditures they can do it through a
super PAC but you can't just give some
150 thousand dollars during their
campaign
course they knew that and of course it's
a crime and and Cohen is saying in open
court yes I conspired with a certain
political candidate which is obviously
Trump so he's alleged to be part of a
conspiracy to commit a federal crime if
any other President had done it we'd be
talking about impeachment immediately
right but we've lowered the bar for
Trump we're so used to his brazen law
breaking nonstop in front of everyone
that when he breaks a law and there's
somebody in court who says yes I will go
to prison for years upon years because I
committed this crime and my conspirator
was Donald Trump where will they go I
know but he's committed so many crimes
and he winds all day he cries all day
about it so maybe we'll call it 5050
well there are new developments
regarding another mess that Trump is
involved in so remember he's facing all
sorts of investigations it's not all
about Russia it's not all about man
afford or Cohen there's another issue
involving the Trump foundation because
there is some evidence that indicates
that Trump was using his own charity to
benefit himself financially so because
of the statement that Lanny Davis gave
in the video that we showed you now
investigators who are looking into the
Trump foundation are going to subpoena
Michael Cohen to see if there's any
information he can provide according to
reports from The Associated Press
investigators in New York have issued a
subpoena to Michael Cohen as part of
their probe into the Trump foundation
the subpoena was issued after Cohen's
attorney said his client has information
of interest to both state and federal
prosecutors Cohen could potentially be a
significant source of information for
state investigators looking into whether
Trump or his charity broke state law or
lied about their tax liability so just
to give you a little taste of what Trump
used his charity's money for he used it
to settle issues legal issues that he
was in settlements out of court he also
used it to buy a $10,000 six-foot
portrait of himself yeah so that's a
little you know piece of what he spent
that money on it
incredible well so this is exactly what
I'm talking about because we already
know it's in the public record that he
spent money from his charity to pay off
legal bills his own personal legal bills
obviously illegal obviously you cannot
take money from a charity and use it for
yourself fraud in broad daylight but we
just got used to it so was somebody
going to presume on criminal charges on
robbing from his own charity to pay his
own bills
is anybody gonna do that so apparently
now New York is stepping up and going
yeah okay we'll do it right they
shouldn't on that by the way before he
ran for president they should have been
prosecuting this lifelong criminal all
along but you know what the rich and
powerful in this country get away with
stuff all the time all the time until
they bother other rich and powerful
people in the country so now when you
turn back to the Cohen case in terms of
the stormy Daniels case I wanted to say
one more thing about it Donald Trump
went around saying well look III found
about I found out about it later he said
in a interview right no what do you mean
later what does that mean you mean after
the campaign was over so this is this
flimsy excuse but you're on tape talking
about it in September he's again another
thing where he's just a brazen liar he
lies so often that we just take it for
granted well okay the president lies
eight times a day so what can we do they
said we should impeach Bill Clinton for
one lie he told for one lie this guy
lies a thousand times literally per year
I mean that's way understatement yeah he
contradicts himself he lies so often
that he'll contradict his own lies and
then then go back to the original line
and contradict it again so Fox and
Friends invited him on their show today
and Trump talked about this issue with
Ainsley Earhardt
and let's let's hear what yet what he
has to say what's the spin did you know
about the payments later on I knew later
on but you have to understand anything
what he did and they weren't taken out
of campaign finance that's a big thing
that's a much bigger thing did they come
out of the campaign they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me and I
tweeted about it you know I put I don't
know if you know but I tweeted about the
payments but they didn't come out of
campaign in fact my first question when
I heard about it was did they come out
of the campaign because that could be a
little dicey and they didn't come out of
the campaign and that's big but they
weren't that's not a it's not even a
campaign violation if you look at
President Obama he had a massive
campaign violation but he had a
different attorney general okay Jeff
Sessions under the bus again but let me
clarify what he said about Obama because
for anyone who might be curious about
that so apparently Obama's camp was very
slow in reporting you know there are
campaign donations in the 2012 election
they eventually did but he did get hit
with a fine to the tune of about
$375,000 so he paid that fine but it
wasn't like he was doing something super
Shady they just took too long to report
the full amount that they received in
campaign donations and by the way good
yeah I'm glad they were caught I'm glad
they paid the fine and and so when Trump
says to nonsensical things there so it
wasn't really a violation like Obama had
a campaign finance violation you just
said it wasn't a violation what does
that mean you contradict to yourself
within like five seconds okay so and in
fact what Obama did was a violation
that's why he paid that big fine and so
was their hypocrisy no they caught him
on a much lesser charge and then he had
to pay the Consular as campaigned it
right in this case he says oh no no I
paid for it it wasn't it wasn't the
campaign no we know it was in the
campaign Michael Cohen paid the bribe or
paid the hush money I should say to be
clear okay he paid the hush money
Michael Cohen then is giving an in-kind
contribution to York
champagne that's the crime not that you
took it out of the campaign money and so
when you pay it back later that's just
the call to cover up that's what that's
called
okay so I didn't know about it till
later okay
you're on tape on September why bother
lying about that why go on TV and commit
yet another because you don't like cuz
he's never ever been held accountable
his he grew up incredibly wealthy
because of his dad he went bankrupt six
times his dad bailed him out every
single time
except and when the Russians bailed him
out and so he never paid the
consequences for his ridiculous actions
and then he ran against Hillary Clinton
and in the time of rage against the
establishment he ran a populist campaign
anything game president and he keeps
lying like he's done his entire life
keeps breaking laws like he's done his
entire life and he's thinking there's
not gonna be any consequences well I
hope to god that we live in a country of
rule of law and justice and that one day
Donald Trump is wrong that there are
consequences even if you're born rich
and powerful and have gotten away with
it your whole life want to see more
videos like this well you can all you
have to do is subscribe to the TYT
channel below and don't forget to become
a TYT member and download the TYT Plus
app on your phone
head over to TYT comm slash joined today
