now joining us senator Elizabeth Warren
from the great state of Massachusetts
senator Warren great to have you here on
a day that you introduced the
anti-corruption and Public Integrity Act
I already declared this on the Yonkers
one of my favorite piece of legislation
ever so that's a it's a bold statement
but it has about a thousand parts to it
so can you first break down for us what
you think are the couple of parts that
are most important that people need to
know about it sure so let me start with
most people think about corruption in
government and they think about campaign
finance and the right I mean that's this
really serious problem and it's
something I've worked on a lot of other
people are working on we yeah we need to
overturn Citizens United
we need real reform in theory but it's
not the only problem if we fixed
campaign finance tomorrow a hundred
percent solve that problem we would
still have a terrible problem about the
influence of money in Washington the
fact that this government works for the
wealthy and the well-connected instead
of for the people so what I tried to do
with this bill is identify different
areas where there are problems and
identify solutions yes I you don't want
to just point out to people it's bad you
want to say it's bad and we could make
this so much better so the first one
padlock the revolving door the idea here
is that these folks serve on Wall Street
think of big salaries and then they just
pass their way through over to
government where they actually regulate
exactly the same folks that they used to
work for and will probably work for
again so this one has a lot of features
in it and will go back to any of these
you want that say we're going to padlock
the revolving door the second one stop
the self-dealing by public officials
this one ought to be pretty obvious but
if you are a public official like a
senator or maybe the head of one of
these agencies you
should not own individual stocks you
should not be trading in individual
stocks index funds find that across a
broad market but the decisions you
should be making should be decisions
that are clearly about the best
interests of the country not your own
best interests and by the way that means
people like Oh for example presidents in
the United States should not outside
businesses I mean right now if the
Saudis want to put a little money in
president Trump's pocket they just take
a what a whole floor over the Trump
Hotel and does that work well we don't
know for sure because he didn't divest
himself of his business ownership and
he's never produced his tax returns by
the way that's another feature this
woman it's a she got every everybody who
wants to run for public federal office
has to be willing to put out there eight
years of federal tax returns third big
one in lobbying as we know it and that
means lobbyists can't make contributions
to elected officials but it also means
the bigger pieces the definition of
lobbyists if you're actually getting
paid to go influence our federal
government then by golly you gotta
register as a lobbyist
no more Swiss cheese hide behind maybe
this piece and maybe that piece we get
everybody in and then a little
transparency lobbyists want to meet with
elected officials fun it has to be a
public record of every single meeting
and if lobbyists give things to elected
officials later just we can give so I
mean they give a document studies memos
all of that has to go in the public
record and put online searchable
immediately on fourth penguin support
our agencies that are trying to do
rulemaking against corporate capture so
this is one that basically says when the
lobbyists spend a bazillion
hours to overwhelm an agency how about R
attacks the lobbyists and put some of
that money back into the agency so they
actually have the resources to defend
the public interest this is also when it
goes into studies which you know I care
a whole lot about that you don't get to
put out junk studies and push them out
there without revealing who paid for
them and who edited them and by the way
if if they don't meet basic scientific
standards then the agency tosses now
right from the beginning right so the
idea behind all of these are areas where
there are problems things we can do and
then the big one at the end is to say
and oh I'm sorry one more quartz we can
talk about that if you want but the big
one at the end is hire a new sheriff it
shares a single share of a single agency
that oversees ethics throughout the
federal government the House the Senate
the White House the administration the
regulatory agencies make sure
everybody's filing their paperwork
everyone's putting their tax returns out
there and that no one is trading in
stock and so on right actually if these
rules so that's the basic idea what do
you think well look there's a reason why
I love it I mean but this is the same
reason why Washington will howl when you
say lifetime ban on lobbying for members
of Congress and and if you're even if
you were their staffer that it's a
two-year ban on lobbying if you're going
to be a corporate lobbyist it's a
six-year ban even on staffers all of
Washington will say no way how we gonna
make money
what would you how do you answer that
ruling but that's the whole point what
you're really saying is that a lot of
people right now have those jobs they
don't pay well for the staffers a lot of
the staffers
and everybody's taking a little peek at
the next possible job you know a little
look over the edge and as soon as
someone starts doing that they don't
work in the public interest they're
working in some combination maybe some
public interest but a lot of does this
make my future employers happy now let
me say I wanna because I want to be fair
about this one of the other parts I've
put into this is I think federal
staffers oughta be paid more that when
people are paid so little and the pay
rates don't keep up even with the rest
of the federal government much less with
anything in private industry it really
puts a lot of staffers in a tough
position
so my view on this is let's help them be
a little more independent and then let's
require them to be a little more injured
right senator Warren look the Romans are
not gonna allow this for a vote we get
that so that's easy we understand it I
believe that they are almost wholly
corrupt at the national level but if the
democrats who in the senate do you think
the democratic leadership will allow
this for a vote all i keep pushing for
it i think that that's the whole point
is laying it out right now i want to be
able to talk about it in this election
season i want to be able to talk about
it in 2018 i want to get out and point
out where the problems are and that
there are things we can do to make this
better I think that's just absolutely
critical and as you said look at today
if we're not here as Democrats ready to
talk about corruption in government
calling out what we see then we're just
saying having it just do what you want
guys and that's just not okay with me I
didn't come to Washington to work for
the rich and the powerful
I came here to work for the people and I
realize if we don't get some structural
change in this place we can't do that
how about if they they propose splitting
up the pieces because there are a lot of
different parts in this ledger pose
legislation if if the Democrats who in
the Senate and Schumer
says all right let's vote on it one by
one would you be okay with that look my
view is no I want all hundred I want
them all right now that's my opening
negotiating position and I'm not going
to negotiate otherwise in public before
anybody's made an offer on the other
side but look if we could get has is
what I proposed here it wouldn't make a
real difference if we could get 60% make
it even bigger difference if we could
get 80% it could make any even bigger
difference and that's really the point
we got to start this and these pieces
all push in the same direction and that
is to take power away from the wealthy
and well-connected and put power in the
hands of people and if we can however
much we can do that that's a win so
senator Warren I know that the one of
the themes are probably the biggest
theme of Democrats in the 2018 elections
is fighting against corruption so this
is tailor-made because this is a bill
that actually does something about it
it's got real teeth I mean significant
teeth right so I assume that every
Democrat has already co-sponsored it
right no it's a complicated bill it was
up a bit working on this for over a year
and I've got a good group of folks
who've been helping me do it and people
you know in other areas who weighed in
and and made offers it was big it was
complicated I wanted to get it out you
know I'm gonna go around and keep
talking to all my colleagues about it so
right now it's just me but I'm gonna
pull in as many people as I possibly can
on this yeah anyone who actually cares
about fighting corruption I think should
sign up for it it's a bit of a
no-brainer
unless one day they'd like to get paid a
lot of money as a lobbyist and perhaps
that might be a reason they're not
signing on to it okay
so now we're out of time here but I got
to ask you one quick question about
something that's in the news today
Donald Trump said that the Democrats are
on a quote political suicide march over
the idea of abolishing ice how do you
answer that
I went down to the border and I was
there I saw the cages of women cages of
children I talked in mothers whose lil
babies had been taken from them mothers
who had been lied to mothers who didn't
know where their children were mothers
who had had no chance to talk to their
children and I talked to the officials
any renamed family reunification center
who just didn't have any plan for being
able to put these families back together
my view on this is that we need to
rework the whole area we need to
restructure it I think that we can make
ourselves safe without taking babies
away from their mothers I think we can
make ourselves safe without treating
people who asked for asylum as they flee
a gang violence or domestic violence
rape possible murder I think we can make
ourselves safe without treating those
people too in ways that maximize the
pain inflicted on them and that's what I
want to do I want us to build an
immigration system we need comprehensive
immigration reform but also an
immigration system that reflects our
values and that ultimately is more
effective for the goal of keeping us
safe
senator warren probaby anti lobbyists it
seems like a winning strategy all right
thank you so much for joining us on
rebel headquarters we really appreciate
it it's so good to see you thanks for
having me
