senator Elizabeth Warren she's a boss
and recently she had rolled out her
accountable capitalism act which wanted
to make private industries more
accountable for their actions and now
she has another proposal and this
proposal is fantastic it focuses more on
government and the behavior of our
elected officials it's known as the
anti-corruption and Public Integrity Act
love it already so she wants to ban
members of Congress and the White House
staff from owning individual stocks and
she wants to replace those with
government managed investment accounts
now the whole point of that is to ensure
that there is no conflict of interest
which has been an ongoing problem as of
late there have been instances of you
know lawmakers invested in a specific
company let's say a pharmaceutical
company and then they want the profits
of that company to go up because if the
profits go up that means they make money
more money in their shares and so
they'll push for legislation to do the
bidding for these pharmaceutical
companies that's just an example
Elizabeth Warren is like no not having
it want to get rid of that so two things
about this to begin with and then we're
gonna give you all the wonderful details
because it is it's one of the best
proposal education I have ever seen
that's a really strong comment but I I
mean you'll see why just so you all know
Elizabeth Warren on the TYT Network
today at 8:05 p.m. Eastern
she'll be on rebel headquarters as our
guest so and a lot of you know the story
but in case you don't the young turks is
live 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern and then rebel
headquarters comes right after that at
8:05 p.m. Eastern and tonight Elizabeth
Warren will be a guest you can check it
out also on rebel HQ on YouTube and
Facebook and of course if you want all
the Young Turks you should become a
member
tea y-t-dot-com slash join and get all
of our programming so now one of the
reasons she introduces us today is
there's all these corruption stories
that are coming out including Chris
Collins who is a representative from New
York who got indicted and arrested for
what insider trading so these guys use
the information that they get from
Congress sometimes and sometimes from
their own companies in that case he was
on the board of that company and then
they use it to manipulate the stock
market sell or or buy at the right times
and Elizabeth Warren is saying something
that all Americans should agree with
even if you voted for Donald Trump and
you love the idea of draining the swamp
you're not allowed to use information
from the government to benefit yourself
you're supposed to be working for us not
ripping us off and it's not just
information I mean it's it's pushing for
legislation go you know authoring
legislation that would benefit the
companies you're invested in because you
are looking to make more money I love
that she's tackling this issue because
you don't see a lot of lawmakers even
talking about it also this is one of my
favorite quotes
she says the following they can put
their savings and conflict-free
investments like mutual funds or they
can pick a different line of work
damn get it yes yes so there's more to
this but I want you to hear from
Elizabeth Warren she gave a speech on
her proposal today and it was
magnificent so let's take a look at the
first clip congressman Billy Tauzin
pushed an idea expand Medicare to cover
prescription drugs good for seniors in
fact for many seniors of life-saving but
also very good for big pharma more
prescriptions filled more money coming
in and it might have all landed there
with seniors getting drug coverage and
companies selling more and more drugs
but big pharma they wanted more and
Billy delivered which I'm sure had
nothing to do with more than two hundred
thousand dollars in campaign
contributions that caught the
congressman had received from the drug
industry okay so today big pharma rakes
in billions from seniors on Medicare
while charging sky-high prices for the
drugs they need and no one in government
can negotiate those prices so what
happened to Billy well in December of
2003 the very same month that the bill
was signed into law Pharma the drug
companies biggest lobbying group dangled
the possibility
that Billy could be their next CEO and
then what happened in February of 2004
congressman caused and announced that he
wouldn't seek re-election 10 months
later he became CEO of Pharma at an
annual salary of two million dollars you
know Big Pharma certainly knows how to
say thank you for your service
so her proposal would ban those people
from becoming lobbies okay it is so
important and look this is also
important because she said the problem
is far bigger than Trump it is a crisis
a crisis of faith and that is exactly
right because that Billy tells him that
she's talking about Obama ran an ad
talking about that same guy and that
same story in 2008 saying he wouldn't
let it happen and guess what he did
he let it happen he let it happen so
yeah just like Bush did he said you are
not allowed to negotiate drug prices
with drug companies the government is
not allowed to representing us it so we
just surrendered to the drug companies
and Bush did it Obama did it Trump said
he wouldn't allow it either and he came
in and he allowed it why they're all
owned it's not just Trump they're all
owned by these lobbyists and they can't
wait to leave office and get paid by
them this bill would prevent that so
this bill is if the American people knew
about all of its details they would love
it I it would be the most popular bill
in the country and it is toxic in
Washington yes so and I'm gonna ask her
about a time but there's no way the
Democrats are gonna allow this bill up
for a vote let alone the Republicans
okay cuz they're all looking to get rich
off of us and so is why is so important
to elect real progressives in Congress
that this is why it's important because
you get real progressives in the Senate
in the house these types of proposals
will no longer be a pipe dream you have
a caucus a progressive caucus these
types of proposals will become a real
reality so let me give you some more on
what she wants to do her bill would also
impose a lifetime ban on lobbying for
president
and federal lawmakers and would bar us
lobbyists from using foreign cash to
affect American policy so pause there
for a second
so if you forget the president if you're
a US congressman like Billy Tauzin was
sorry you don't get to become a lobbyist
but wait a minute I need to make a
living afterwards okay then go get
another job sorry you you're not allowed
to do that because then we think that
you might work for them and not for us
almost all Americans agree with that no
matter where they come from the second
part is even more amazing she said we're
not she would just ban lobbying from
foreign governments it's amazing that
that's not banned now no but in
Washington that's sacrilege they're like
what do you mean the foreign governments
pay us the most you know which the Saudi
space man afford just got convicted
today and he got sixty million dollars
from the pro-russian Ukrainian
government for lobbying okay how did he
he's like people like man affording I'm
like how am I gonna buy my ostrich
jacket if you won't let me lobby for
foreign governments and oftentimes is
the expense of our government right you
know what she said they have diplomats
let their diplomats argue their case why
do they have to buy Americans and have
them lobby the American government no no
American is allowed to lobby for any
other country I believe that would make
America great again Washington's gonna
hate this they do hate it but what I
love is that she is undeterred you know
she nevertheless she persistent yes
exactly exactly as I mentioned she had
first proposed the accountable
capitalism Act we talked about that on
the show I believe it was last week and
even though she I'm sure she got a ton
of criticism at heat in Washington for
that proposal she's like no I'm gonna
keep going because now after wanting to
hold the big banks and these
corporations accountable I also want to
hold us accountable US lawmakers
accountable for our actions as well it's
fantastic she said there were
Washington's revolved revolving doors
slick with oil money and she pointed out
that there was ExxonMobil had 29
registered lobbyists in 2016 22 of them
previously worked for Democrats and
Republicans in government so you know
how unacceptable it is in Washington to
talk about the corruption within your
own party and she's doing that now so
this isn't posing look all we care about
here is policy
it isn't about personalities okay and as
far as policy goes this is as tough a
anti-corruption bill as I have ever seen
and then she's wasn't even done yet then
she went after Betsy DeVos and she said
she's refused to divest from her secret
family trust she's given away the store
to grifters and crooks at bogus
for-profit colleges
she said she's the worst and most
corrupt education secretary ever
I mean she's coming with a blowtorch a
lead pipe and a flame flow it's giving
me goose bumps right now like I'm gonna
keep it real it's amazing yeah and and
there's and we haven't even done it
justice there are so many parts to this
bill that goes after all the different
ways that Washington is corrupt so what
I would hope for and what is very fair
to ask is let's vote on this if you
don't want to vote as a whole bill let's
vote one by one on each one of these
proposals
go ahead go on the record vote against
it we dare you mm-hmm
my trick is the Republicans will never
ever allowed for a vote because at a
national level there nearly 100% corrupt
the Democratic Party if you win the
house you and the Senate are you gonna
allow these to go up for a vote that's a
really good question Elizabeth Warren
and others should hold their feet to the
fire and make sure that they live up to
their stance against corruption and I
mean I would say so-called stance
against corruption but this is a real
stance you vote on these we're having a
real conversation two easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
