following Trump revoking the security
clearance of John Brennan there have
been talks regarding other individuals
who could also get their security
clearance taken away we've talked about
that before but there are all sorts of
updates that I thought were fascinating
and I wanted to share with you the first
has to do with a conversation that took
place on CNN involving Phil Mudd and
debating someone by the name of Paris
Denard now a Phil mud has security
clearance he is very concerned about
Trump retaliating against individuals
free speech by taking their clearance
away if they criticize Trump and so this
conversation got very heated so I would
I wouldn't even call it a conversation
but anyway take a look judge for
yourselves and then we'll break it down
for you out of these people that had
these security clearances and this is
the secret in the swampy Washington DC
they have them and they keep them
because it's profitable for them after
they leave government because if you
have a security clearance especially
high level security clearances your
contracts and you're consulting gift pay
you a lot more money because of the
access that you have profitable Paris
when I am requested to sit on an
advisory board let me ask you one
question how much do you think I'm paid
to do that at the request of the US
government give me one answer and you
got 10 seconds how much I'll give out
ask you a question how much are you paid
for your answer the question gig for for
being a contract with the US government
that Peyman not to 0 this is 0 I'm not
talking to field that's a good talking
point I'm not talking about relationship
with the government I'm talking about in
the private sector when you have a
security plan you keep in ships with
your private sector that involve my
security clearance 0 well I will be
clear and saying that everybody in
Washington DC knows if you don't want to
be honest about it that's on you but if
you have a security clearance and you
keep it you don't eat a done get out
Phil it's not your show and this is
about oh that was yeah so my favorite
part was Phil muds
eyes opening like I've never seen any
eye open in my life when he talked about
but he was a war dude you see yeah he
was he was very angry yeah but I'm right
are you ready for this I'm gonna shock
the world
the Trump supporters right no you're
you're not shocking the world because
the Trump supporter was right
oftentimes they do make money you know
working for private companies using the
security clearance that they have the
knowledge that they have I don't know
about Phil mut he's a former FBI
official just to make that clear I don't
know and see I I don't know about him
specifically but there have been members
of the intelligence community who then
go on to work as consultants and they do
make a lot of money because of their
security clearance and their knowledge
so so what Phil Mudd was trying to do
there and let me give you the context
overall I agree with Phil Mudd on almost
all the other things he talks about on
air especially visa vie Donald Trump I
can't stand Donald Trump Phil mother
apparently can't stand Donald Trump he's
right about all those things and but in
this case he was trying to misdirect
para cenar who I don't agree with on
anything else was saying no it gives you
clout and that is why private companies
hire you your security clearance right
it doesn't mean that you're taking your
security clearance and telling them the
secrets it just gives you clout and Phil
Mudd kept saying I'm getting no money
from the government but that's not what
he was saying nobody thinks you're
getting money from the government and
that's what you're trying to misdirect
and the part of the reason you're so
angry is because that is how Washington
works any a lot of the former officials
go get contracts with a private company
sometimes as lobbyists sometimes as
lawyers sometimes as consultants etc the
military does this all the time the
general was retire and immediately work
for defense contractors and make a ton
of money and it becomes a revolving door
and so again nothing against Phil Mudd
you know I know some of the companies
that he works for but it's it's the
general principle more than it is
anything else
and I think you might have taken it
personally because he knows that yes
that definitely gives him clout in
Washington right which a lot of people
monetize okay so but I want to be clear
about something because while Denard is
right in what he says there understand
you know the framing but the issue with
Trump revoking
security clearance is in it's a free
speech violation if someone's
criticizing Trump you will go after them
and try to revoke their security
clearance as a way of retaliating that
is the issue here but what but what
Denard is doing there is trying to make
it seem as though that's not the issue
the issue is that these people then go
on to make money doing other things with
their security clear yes oh and I can
prove that point
well if Donald Trump is so concerned
about the revolving door of corruption
in Washington
why doesn't he push for legislation to
make sure that they can't work for those
private corporations he doesn't care
about Elizabeth Warren introduced
legislation on that just today why
doesn't he sign up for Elizabeth
Warren's legislation because of course
he doesn't care about that he loves that
corruption he's using taking away
security clearance for a political
reason even though those folks actually
didn't do anything wrong
you could take away their security
clearance legitimately if they leaked
information right there is no charge of
that against John Brennan or any of
these other people so it's a there's no
innocent parties here Trump people are
clearly using it for politics which is
outrageous but Phil Mudd and the others
pretending that they're not monetizing
it is disingenuous which leads us to
clapper yeah well before we get to
clapper I want to further prove the
point that Trump is doing this you know
to retaliate because all Trump does is
watch cable news and so he came across
that segment and tweeted about it and
here's what he said just watched former
intelligence official Philip Mudd become
totally unglued and weird while debating
wonderful Paris Dennard over Brandon's
security clearance
Dennard destroyed him but mud is in no
mental condition to have such a
clearance should be revoked and then he
included sean hannity in the tweet i
mean come on guys I mean we're having a
discussion about whether or not he's
doing this to retaliate of course he's
doing it to retaliate now the the second
part of this story is James clapper so
James clapper says that he disagrees
with revoking security clearance in the
case of Brennan but he also throws
Brennan under the bus and then I'm gonna
give you Trump's response which made me
want to pull my hair out so with that
said let's take a look at the video do
you think that John Brennan's hyperbole
is an issue here is one
the reasons we're having this crisis
well I think it is I think male John is
sort of like a freight train and he's
gonna say what's on his mind I think
though that the common denominator among
all of us that have been speaking up
though is genuine concern about the
Jeopardy or threats to our institutions
and values and although we may express
that in in in different ways and I think
that's what this this really is about
but John and his rhetoric have become I
think an issue in and of itself clapper
is the worst he really is so this is the
same guy who lied to Congress and all
the time that the so-called resistance
people were celebrating Brennan clapper
and all those guys we told you all along
don't trust those guys so they might be
right about Trump but they are part of
the same establishment that cause the
problems in the first place
now here comes clapper who was also
criticizing Trump but now Trump is
bullying people and threatening their
security clearance so that might cost
them money
all of a sudden clapper throws Brennan
under the bus you know his Brennan's
rhetoric it's it's probably don't take
it away from me
oh yeah aesthetic clapper is the one who
lied about the NSA indiscriminately
spying on every American this was during
the whole Edward Snowden leaked to the
press
and so yeah I got no love for clapper
and following this it's I mean even less
love for clapper so what did Trump do
after seeing that this he says the
following even James clapper has
admonished John Brennan for having gone
totally off the rails maybe clapper is
being nice to me so he doesn't lose his
security clearance for lying to Congress
uh you give in to a bully and he rubs it
in because that's what bullies do but
that's what weaklings like clapper do
okay when they're in power Oh easy there
lies this that the other thing you want
to do drone strikes you want to do
warrantless wiretapping of regular
American citizens let's run them all
with a steamroller right yeah but the
minute a bully threatens his money
and his clout in Washington and his
privilege in his position
all of a sudden clappers like being
breaded Brenda I don't know prep Brendon
so he's a problem he's a problem Brendon
I mean he's a little you know you see
he's too much there he's causing issues
so let me get this straight
if you are a former member of either the
FBI CIA part of the intelligence
community and you decide that you want
to practice your First Amendment right
and criticize a man in a position of
power you find that that rhetoric is
problematic that is unacceptable right
like they they're folding immediately as
soon as their money is on the line but
what about our Constitution what about
our constitutional protections from
someone like Donald Trump yeah so mud
might not be right in the argument that
we just played for you but at least I
respect them right clapper on the other
hand now oh so sad when when Trump on
man's you just go home he's do you think
Trump's strong he said why do you think
he's a bully because he's so insecure
and you let him push you around and you
were supposed to be a tough guy who's
protecting the country no all you ever
cared about was your own power and you
just proved it but I will end on this
note back to Trump for a second here's
the things that an accord for you and I
want to just read her it he said that
the mud was totally unglued and weird
hmm who does that describe he said that
he was in no mental condition condition
to have a security clearance projection
okay who does that remind you of and
then and then of course he says that
Brennan had gone off the rails
who's the guy constantly tweeting like a
maniac when he's the President of the
United States someone who has got off
the rails and is not a very stable
genius okay and who by the way under any
other circumstances would never use
security clearance I mean if there was
another Republican who was president
they're like oh I'd like to bring Trump
into my cabinet and give him I'd say a
position
the head of the NSA or Department of
Homeland Security raah I know these are
all preposterous ideas right but he
literally couldn't get security
clearance I mean his connections to the
Russians for all these years
low on a thousand other problems let
alone the fact that he is completely
mentally unstable and now he's going
around throwing rocks from his gigantic
glass house please everyone in this
story is guilty never miss another TYT
video by ringing the bell below you'll
get notified whenever we publish
something new and don't forget to join
TYT and download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join
