Eric prince whose sister is Betsy DeVos
has been a longtime Trump supporter he
donated $250,000 to Trump's campaign
efforts and now he is urging Trump to
allow him and his private corporation to
essentially privatize the efforts in
Afghanistan now this was something that
Prince had brought up last year in 2017
prior to Trump agreeing to increase
troops in Afghanistan
Trump decided not to go along with his
proposal but now Trump is actually
considering Prince's proposal now Prince
is mounting a media campaign to convince
Trump that his plan will reduce the cost
and the burden of the US military's role
in Afghanistan by turning over training
of the Afghan army to Prince's security
company so by the way Prince's previous
security company was Blackwater which
was found guilty of wrongdoing in Iraq
and that was a huge scandal at the time
they did this whole rebranding effort
and started referring to themselves as
Academy instead now Prince said he
hasn't spoken directly to Trump about
the plan but told NBC News he plans to
launch an aggressive media air campaign
in coming days to try to get the
president to embrace it so part of his
media campaign has been to go on Fox
News and essentially tear our military
and our soldiers apart something that
Fox would be very upset about if anyone
else did it right we're supposed to
support our troops were never supposed
to go against the military here's a
little piece of what Prince had to say
what we're encouraging the president to
do is to go back to what worked after
9/11 before the big conventional forces
rolled in when you had a few special
forces a few CIA officers backed by air
power and they decimated the Taliban in
a matter of weeks here's the thing a
year ago the National Security Adviser
was a three-star Army General who wanted
a fourth star and the idea of him doing
and anything unconventional was
impossible now perhaps there's more
openness to it it's the NSA's job to
provide the president with options and
the president should appoint a special
envoy someone there's like a bankruptcy
trustee because if you can't call almost
two trillion dollars in spending in 17
years of losses to the Taliban
bankruptcy situation I don't know what
is do you know if he appoints a special
envoy one person that the president can
hold in charge
give them the title 50 authorities like
when they went in after 9/11 that was
the agency with the military supporting
the CIA that worked how much does it
cost it costs about 15% of what we're
spending now okay so I want to clarify
what his argument is in favor of
privatizing the efforts in Afghanistan
so as you could hear in that clip
princess knows is gonna save so much
money man right now we're spending about
50 billion dollars a year in Afghanistan
if you allow my private company to take
over the efforts there it'll cost a
fraction only ten billion dollars a year
okay this reminds me of what private
prisons say when they're arguing for
federal or state level contracts in
order to take control away from public
prisons to private prisons it actually
does not save money and if anything what
it does is it incentivizes criminalizing
more people for nonviolent crimes now in
the case of Afghanistan you have a
private company making money off of
being in Afghanistan you think that
that's gonna wrap the whole situation up
there forever yeah they're gonna be
there forever and we already have an
issue of taxpayer money going to private
military contractors that has led to
perpetual war that has led to us you
know invading countries or at least
getting involved in conflicts abroad
like Yemen is another example right why
are we getting involved in all these
wars it's because people get rich off of
going to war this money doesn't actually
go to our veterans it doesn't go to our
troops getting a decent pay raise each
year they get a two percent pay raise
okay these are the people on the front
lines who are putting their lives at
risk but the money doesn't really go to
them again it goes to the weapons
manufacturers it goes to the private
military contractors this is a terrible
idea
Trump actually made the right decision
in saying no to this proposal last year
but I am concerned that he might say yes
now by the way he was pressured into
saying no he doesn't want to say no I'll
explain why in a second but let's go
through a number of super important
things here first of all really we're
gonna create a private army who thinks
that's a good idea
I mean only the people who are corrupt
in Washington would think it's a good
idea to have an an army that is not the
United States military and they don't
fight for us they fight for themselves
so let's now finance a multi-billion
dollar private army with American
taxpayer money are you insane
that makes no sense at all and as Anna
pointed out it was you know he said 15
percent there all the time she's ten
billion seven and a half to ten billion
dollars right you think that a private
corporation is gonna go now I'm making
10 billion dollars a year in this war
but you know what guys know we're really
out of principle we should end it I
don't want to keep making 10 billion
dollars a year I don't want to do that I
want to do what's right for the American
people why you're a private corporation
you don't work for the American people
you your job is to maximize profit what
would maximize profit more war not less
war now let's go to issue number two who
do you think is more disrespectful of
our troops Colin Kaepernick who says
nothing about the troops takes a knee
during the national anthem to protest
unarmed black men being shot by police
or Erik Prince who goes on Fox News and
says our troops are so terrible they
can't get the job done instead I'm gonna
do a mercenary army
you give me the money so the troops cuz
the troops are incompetent the generals
are incompetent that only seems a
thousand times more offensive than the
so-called disrespect of Kaepernick and
other NFL players who actually don't say
anything about the military they're
actually they're issues about police not
the military so Fox News I'm sure you
throw him off the set right you were so
mad you haven't you haven't seen
anything yet that was just a little
little tasty taste of the disparaging
remarks in regard to our military so
what does Prince also have to say about
military efforts in Afghanistan let's
watch okay with us about a year and a
half ago the president sent in more
troops and what's the results Ben today
marks the day that the president really
took ownership of the war because today
is the day that he announced more money
and more troops at the Pentagon asked
for
and since then we've had more loss more
Americans dead tens of thousands more
Afghans dead and another sixty-two
billion dollars in spending and it's not
working
not as effective even last week there
was four simultaneous attacks across the
country they wiped out 350 Afghan
security forces severed the north-south
highway it is a continuous litany of
death and failure all we're saying is
and it's not a privatization it's really
a rationalization right now you have
15,000 US troops in 30,000 contractors
by going back to a small footprint that
worked
you put Mentors ok basically Special
Forces veterans that go back as
contractors and attached to each Afghan
unit you support them with airpower that
shows up reliably which is not the case
now you're saying our airpower doesn't
get called in reliably look even in the
last week there was multiple Afghan
units that were surrounded and
annihilated waiting for airpower for
three and four days okay so let's break
that down
he just said that the United States
military was a litany of death and
failure yep how dare you my
understanding was that for the right
wing that is unspeakable I mean only the
worst kind of left wingers would say
that is Eric prince part of an Tifa okay
I I literally don't think Antipa members
have said things that harsh about the
United States military all of a sudden
when he's got a profit motive well the
United States military wins under a bus
yep and and Fox and Friends applauds and
celebrates them on their shiny scent
like yay let's go destroy the American
military and say they're the worst of
the worst I believe that there's a word
for that I mean you told us that if you
don't support the troops when in fact we
actually do support the troops we could
support their health care we support
their lives etc you said well not
supporting the United States military
any military venture is an act of
treason tick tick tick tick
until they arrest print Eric Prince
right okay of course they're not gonna
do that because the right-wingers have
right wing privilege they could say
anything they want including saying the
most atrocious things about our troops
and get away with it and be celebrated
on Fox yeah they get rewarded for it so
now the other parts of I don't know if
you caught these parts because this is
really important in the earlier clip he
talked about well the best part
Afghanistan was when the CIA was in
there and working with the military now
what part of that is private that's not
private at all at CIA works for the
government the military works for the
government
so that doesn't make your point at all
okay there was no mercenaries in there
at the time okay then sit in the second
clip he said oh then we're gonna call an
air power wait do you have an Air Force
no Eric Prince's private army doesn't
have an Air Force so the private army
that is not accountable to the American
people would have our Air Force at their
disposal oh hell no no this is what I'm
talking about when I say he is lying
when he says this is gonna save
taxpayers but no it's not gonna save
taxpayers money it's the same thing that
private prisons do they are funded by
taxpayers okay and in this case what
he's proposing is utilizing our military
right utilizing aspects of our Defense
Department and then taking in all the
profits of it and again it incentivizes
perpetual war it might start off with
Afghanistan but if this kind of proposal
is approved by the president it sets a
precedent to do the same thing in other
conflicts throughout the countries
throughout the world and it would be a
disaster all right two more things so
you're thinking why are they even
entertaining this conversation why would
Trump entertain it I mean I thought he
said he was for the troops great time
you know why because during Trump's
campaign he was like okay come over here
Trump let me let me make it easy on you
sir okay quarter-million dollars toward
Trump's campaign efforts quarter million
$250,000 Betsy DeVos his sister is the
most incompetent unknowledgeable person
imaginable and she's at the head of the
Education Department so that quarter of
a million dollars is the tip of the
iceberg the DeVos and prince families
have given tens of millions of dollars
to Republican politicians including
Donald Trump do you think they gave it
for their health No
do you think they gave it for charity no
one outside of Washington would believe
such a preposterous statement no they
gave it to get favors well one of the
favors they've gotten so far Betsy DeVos
who knows nothing about education toe
unprepared incompetent and inexperienced
is not that education secretary she's
privatizing education
she's turning over the entire department
to people who are executives at
for-profit colleges and now here comes
Eric Prince asking for the other half of
the payment okay we got the Education
Department now like to privatize the
military and I'd like to now I gave you
tens of millions of dollars in return on
like tens of billions of dollars
that's how corruption works Eric prints
Betsy DeVos the heart of corruption and
Donald Trump loves the idea the military
to basically tackle him and all the rest
of the Republicans had to tackle him so
that he wouldn't do Eric Prince's
bidding immediately by the way Eric
Prince also went to seashells island to
meet with the Russians right after Trump
got elected the DeVos family also
sending some sort of communication to
the Trump server secretly and in the
same server that was receiving
information from a Russian bank
so Eric prince deeply connected the
Russians deeply connected the Trump has
been buying off Republican politicians
for decades now turns around goes
where's the money what do you think I
bribed you for now turn over your
military to me I'm gonna run it as a
private army get all those taxpayer
suckers to pay my bills from my army and
of course Fox News as always applauses
celebrates did you know the TYT Network
is now available on youtubes new
streaming platform YouTube TV get access
to full TYT episodes and exclusive shows
by signing up for YouTube TV today all
new subscribers get a seven day free
trial so head over to YouTube dot TV and
search for TYT networks channel
