so Kerry Harris is running for Senate
seat whoa
Senate's pretty significant she's just
Democrats so she believes that all those
progressive priorities that you know a
loved Medicare for all $15 men in which
college for all and peace hey how about
that okay but she takes no corporate PAC
money now that's a very very important
part of this story because her opponent
that takes a lot of it but we are told
that this is impossible
I believe I've heard this story before
in 23 previous times it proved to be
untrue is just as Democrats won their
primaries but guys this is a Senate seat
can a guy person not taking any
corporate PAC money that's a just
Democrat that progressive really what a
Senate seat okay that's the question for
Kerry Harris and who was the incumbent
now that's Kerry Aris right there she's
wonderful she was on rebel headquarters
before she's got all those great
positions her opponent is incumbent Tom
Carper who has been in office in
Delaware that's the Senate seat we're
talking about here in Delaware for about
7,000 years in a row
okay he's held many political positions
there so he actually is a huge track
record let's look at his record and see
if it's worthwhile because this is the
important part I am told by people in
Washington all the time what are you
guys making a big deal out of all you've
you know rascally progressives these
Democrats are fine they're fine what are
you primary Tom Carper for he's a good
solid democratic vote all right I'm
gonna tell you this record and then you
tell me if you think this is just fine
or if Washington is perhaps full of crap
all right so what do you do recently
Hokie co-sponsored the hashtag bank
lobbyists act supported by oh right
president Trump and opposed by nearly
all the Democrats bank lobbyists sex
sounds like it might be good maybe
you're trying to prevent the banks from
lobbying and influencing politicians no
no no that was to deregulate the banks
now there's a lot of banks in Delaware
there's a lot of corporations in
Delaware they set up their LLC's there
and guess what Tom Carper takes a lot of
money from banks and all of a sudden he
wasn't deregulate them so they can run
roughshod
again and he wants furs with Trump on it
who wants this guy which progressive
things oh that's great man finally
someone's standing up for the big banks
okay
I'm not anywhere near done he voted YES
on these Trump nominees Alexes are at
Health and Human Services at disaster
Kirsten Nielsen and Department of
Homeland Security even bigger disaster
Rick Perry do I have to tell you
anything more oh I couldn't tell you
more about oops I forgot Ross a guy
accused of stealing 120 million dollars
by his colleagues so he voted YES on all
those senator carper votes with Trump
over 35 percent of the time now to give
you a baseline Bernie Sanders Carla
Harris etcetera boat with Trump about
ten percent of the time so there's some
boats that you could agree with Trump on
he's accidentally right Ted percent of
time apparently but 35 percent is a
giant number why is it Republican I'm
sorry see that's the nice Freudian slip
why is it Democratic senator and don't
get him wrong he's not a boat he's a
Democrat Democratic senator from a very
blue state like Delaware boat it was
Trump a huge percentage of the time and
on important issues like banking but no
hold on we're not anywhere near done
he's he also hasn't co-sponsored
Medicare for all of course he voted
against the amendment and this important
to allow importation of prescription
drugs from Canada so why why would he do
that why would he do that so that the
drugs from Canada are the same exact
drugs they just costs a lot less I mean
unless he was taking money from drug
companies and banks but he wouldn't do
that would he oh of course he would so
let me show you the money over a hundred
and forty seven thousand dollars from JP
Morgan and Chase 64 thousand five
hundred from Citigroup those are two
giant banks sixty three thousand nine
hundred and eighty dollars from Blue
Cross Blue Shield that's hey look at
data insurance company any votes with
insurance companies so that we pay
higher prices on drugs huh sixty-two
thousand six hundred and fifty dollars
from a particularly obnoxious Bank of
Wells Fargo that's overall from open
secrets do you think Tom Carper works
for you I Got News for You I know every
pundit on television says he's an
honorable gentleman from Delaware how
could you possibly say that he might not
work for the voters of Delaware I'm
saying it I want to be absolutely clear
it is institutional systemic corruption
he takes legalized bribes from these
companies and does exactly as he is told
he does not represent you why would you
vote for him Delaware's a tiny state you
can make all the difference in the world
get out there and get into the fight I
mean you got look Kerry Harris calm
/phone bank that allows you to call in
from anywhere to volunteer for her and
make all the difference do not let these
corporatists represent you this is this
guy because he's certainly not gonna
actually represent you so why don't you
actually get someone who's uncorrupted
to represent you like Kerry Harris in
this case this race is really really
winnable I want every progressive in the
country to get in this fight Alexandria
costume cortezes team is there right now
in Delaware organizing those volunteers
get in the fight okay Oh Tom you think
I'm done I'm not anywhere near done so
he opposed Obama's proposal to raise the
minimum wage $10.10 instead push for a
lower minimum wage of $9 an hour no
wrong we're going for $15 an hour you
still talking about 9:00 Tom garber okay
he voted yes amendment to prohibit any
cuts to Social Security Medicare and
Medicaid as a result of Trump's tax No
do you understand that the amendment was
do not cut Social Security Medicare or
Medicaid Carper voted no he's saying no
no we should be allowed to cut those
programs you think he represents you you
paid into Social Security of Medicare
your whole life but he's ready to take
it from you there's tax cuts for the
rich to you he voted to approve Keystone
XL pipeline and also voted to allow
offshore drilling multiple times of
course he did who doesn't he work for oh
right the voters of Delaware he voted to
authorize the war in Iraq and recently
has continued to vote to increase
corporate military spending also one of
a small group of Democrats to vote YES
on the authorization of use of military
force in 2017 which allows President
Trump
wide latitude
gauging conflicts around the globe
giving Trump the authority to start Wars
voted for the Iraq war why why if you're
a Democrat or a progressive in Delaware
would you give this guy your vote the
minute he wins you think he cares what
you think no no no there's defense
contractors I've got to make some money
and finally just to rub a little bit of
salt in your wounds get a load of this
what's the one thing you always hear
from the corporatist establishment
Democrats but jank
but progressives you don't understand
the Supreme Court the Supreme Court you
have to allow every corporatist Democrat
in because of the Supreme Court well
let's look in the corpus record on that
cuz there that Cavanaugh guy not on
Carper's watch right one of the few
Democrats to vote YES on corporate
conservative Justice John Roberts
voted against the filibuster of Samuel
Alito and is the only remaining Democrat
to vote YES on Kavanagh to the circuit
court that was to a lower court Kavanagh
is now up for the Supreme Court if you
weren't paying complete attention and he
wasn't in the middle of a primary are
you sure he would actually vote with us
on Kavanagh I'm not sure he didn't vote
without side cabinet before and in fact
he was the only Democrat to vote YES on
camera because Kavanagh is an extreme
extreme right winger Carper sees that
extreme right winger goes that's my kind
of guy why look I need you to do two
couple of things okay if you're not so
go Kerry Harris's website go find out
our policy decision see if you agree
okay and then get in the fight number
two if you know if you live in Delaware
you've got to go vote it's a super
important primary okay number two you
know someone in Delaware I know it's a
small state but think about someone you
know and in Delaware call them and ask
them to vote in the primary number three
for God's sake volunteer it makes all
the difference okay Kerry Harris calm
slash phone Bank make all the difference
you can get this guy out of office and
you can get Kerry Harris into office and
have her actually be a progressive
champion in the Senate we did it before
in fact we've done a twenty-three times
before with just Democrats let's do it
again let's win a Senate seat it is
incredibly what
if you get in a fight we fight for
progressives every day here on The Young
Turks never miss another TYT video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
