joining me now is Tim Canova he's
running in Florida's 23rd district you
might remember the name of the incumbent
in that district her name is Debbie
wasserman-schultz there's a bit of a
rematch Tim welcome to rebel
headquarters Thank You Jake
appreciate it all right so Tim you're
running as an independent we're gonna
talk about that a little bit I want to
talk about your policy issues in a
minute but first let's talk about Debbie
wasserman-schultz
in the sun-sentinel you were quoted as
saying that she is the kiss of death
she's the albatross around this party
and a menace the Florida the nation and
the world pretty strong language why do
you think that well I think it's pretty
accurate I think she did prove to be an
albatross around Hillary Clinton's neck
in the state of Florida which was a
pivotal state in the presidential
election I think for every Democratic
voter that she might have attracted to
vote for Hillary in let's say blue
Broward County she lost a lot of votes
outside of the blue sections of Florida
as far as the menace to Florida she's
really the epitome of the corporate
machine here she's been taking millions
of dollars and that's not an
exaggeration from some of the largest
predatory interests including payday
lenders Wall Street banks the fossil
fuel industry even private prison
companies recently she's been attacking
the private immigration detention
centers under Trump and yet she was
taking money from the correction
corporations of America while pushing a
hundred million dollar private
immigration detention center in her her
own district she's a drug warrior she
says that marijuana is a gateway drug
you know she represents mass
incarceration she takes money from the
big sugar industry and big agricultural
interests which are contributing to
really a growing environmental crisis
right now in the state of Florida we see
these blue-green toxic algae tides that
are fouling the drinking water certainly
fouling the waterways and and killing an
awful lot of Wildlife hundreds of sea
turtles and manatees and it's it's a
growing problem here in Florida so Tim I
think the most common and an interesting
question
here legitimately so I believe is why
you're running as an independent why not
just take her on on the Democratic
primary that's a great question and we
ran as a Democrat two years ago and we
ran quite a great grassroots campaign we
raised millions of dollars in small
donations online in fact we broke
records for the highest percentage of
small donations online for any federal
campaign in history and we put that
money back into the field we had four
field offices and we created an army of
hundreds of volunteers and field
organizers we were knocking on 10 to
12,000 doors a week and our internal
field numbers showed a very different
result than the official results it
showed us actually winning the race and
that was our experience on the ground
wherever we went so after the race was
over after the the votes were counted so
to speak is to see the ballots and we
put in a public records request to
inspect all the paper ballots in our
race the Supervisor of Elections who's a
close ally of Wasserman Schultz
stonewalled us for months I finally
brought a lawsuit while the lawsuit was
pending the supervisor destroyed all of
our paper ballots and those were clear
violations of state and federal criminal
statutes I mean actual felonies at the
time and I should say that's not an
opinion I mean this was clearly
established to the point where the
supervisor admitted it in videotaped
depositions and the florida circuit
court granted a summary judgment in our
public records request and ruled that
that the supervisor had indeed violated
these criminal statutes so I wrote to
all of the Democratic Party officials in
Broward County and miami-dade and in
Tallahassee with one simple request to
just join me in calling for an
investigation I did not get a single
reply from any of these Democratic
officials so here I am looking at the
silence that comes from the party
officials comparing it to this new
generation Millennials and younger who
were anything but silent in the
aftermath of the Parkland shootings and
most of those Millennials and younger
arnoun on party affiliation seventy
percent of them they say are now
independent and I had a choice I could
run in a Democratic primary in a very
democratic district there's only 2024
percent Republican registration in this
district and when you run in a
Democratic primary as I found out the
last time
you're basically marginalized by the
party they protect the incumbent they
shower her with a lot of corporate media
attention and a lot of corporate money
they allow her to dodge debates and they
just throw up roadblocks everywhere and
then the final straw was they don't even
seem to care when paper ballots are
destroyed and you know I also asked to
see the the the software to inspect the
software of the electronic voting
machines and the electronic scanning
machines you're not allowed to inspect
the software because it's considered
proprietary it's owned by the private
vendors that are hired by the Supervisor
of Elections so you know we don't really
know what to believe as far as the
outcome of the last race I thought by
running isn't independent it puts me on
the ballot in November instead of a late
August close primary with a very low
turnout all those Millennials and
younger can now vote and it really
widens the kind of conversation that we
can have on the issues we're not really
tied down to sort of the Democratic
Party catechism and talking points we
can talk to all of the voters about a
wide range of issues and again because
it's such a jury man third district
there's very little chance that a
Republican is going to win a three-way
race so Tim all right how much did you
lose by according to the official
account according to the official count
13 percentage points about a thousand
votes yeah so do you think that there
there's really some chance that they
just stole it like don't get me wrong I
think the shredding the paper documents
is outrageous right and it's and the
whole idea that this these voting
machines are proprietary and so no
citizen can actually verify the vote is
maddening and completely unacceptable
but do you think that they actually
raked the vote so they that you would
have won otherwise my gut tells me they
did I'm sorry to say who commits
felonies by tearing up paper ballots by
destroying them while litigation is
pending while they're the subject of
litigation if they're not trying to hide
something our internal field numbers
based again on ten to twelve thousand or
Knox a week and two to three thousand
phone calls a week where we would rank
the the the voter engagement in the the
van voter database it showed us winning
running away with it it wasn't even
close at the end and all of the early
voting sites and Election Day sites that
I went to it was the same experience
that I had and that many others did I
got to tell you Wasserman Schultz's name
recognition is very high like it is all
over the country but even here in this
district I think her name recognition
works against her at this point so you
know if it's possible to either hack
these machines or to manipulate the
software of the machines to get a
desired outcome well why wouldn't they
do that if they could get away with it
so easily so I the one thing we most
certainly agree on is that they should
not be able to get away with it whether
it's in the middle of Kansas that just
happened a couple of weeks ago or any
other race we should not have private
companies running our voting machines
and then telling us we're not allowed to
verify them that that is obvious great
unfortunately not obviously anyone
actually running the elections so let's
talk about your policy issues real quick
I did not know that you picked avocados
on a kibbutz in northern Israel as
fascinating yeah but you are you
questioning the US support for Israel
and if so how well I was critical of
Israel's firing into Gaza with live
rounds and Wasserman Schultz has not
uttered a word of criticism of Israel I
must say it's painful for me to reach
the conclusions that we have to put some
pressure on Israel and the Netanyahu
government I did work on a kibbutz when
I was in my early 20s and I've been back
to Israel half a dozen times I come from
a blended family with a Jewish
stepfather grew up in a neighborhood
that was very Jewish and from the very
first time I went to Israel I felt a
strong affinity for the Israeli people
but I do think it's important to
separate one's affinity for people of a
country with the actual government
policies and I have never been a fan of
Ben's Benjamin Netanyahu from all the
way back when he was the finance
minister and putting Israel
perpetual austerity programs so yes I do
think the US has a role to play to bring
both these sides sides together in the
last campaign I made a point of talking
about the need for regional and global
disarmament talks and wasserman-schultz
attacked me for it she tried to make it
sound like I wanted to unilaterally
disarm Israel I think you take a look at
these Wars of regime change from Iraq to
Libya and Syria and it's like a not a
non-stop
you know perpetual bloodbath where it
seems like not just the United States a
lot of powers that manufacturer
conventional weapons and trade them are
making a fortune on every side of all of
these wars and it has to stop when I was
growing up it was very common to a big
part of the agenda I should say of the
United States was disarmament talks of
course we were talking about strategic
nuclear weapons and talks with the
Soviet Union but I think it's time to
have these kinds of talks globally and
to start talking about converting
conventional arms industries to civilian
use all over the world not just in the
United States we have to find a way for
countries and people to settle their
disputes in a much more peaceful way
than that then we're saying so Tim we
only have about a minute left and so I
know that you have the standard
progressive positions Medicare for all
campaign finance reform etc so I wanted
to ask about one other thing which was
regulating payday lending so while Smith
Schultz does take donations from that
industry but how would you regulate them
well I think they should be regulated
very strictly I think much lower
interest rates in Florida we're talking
about 300% and higher now I've been a
law professor for many years I've been
tenured for over 15 years and my area of
study and scholarship has been financial
regulation in the federal reserve and
financial markets I'm offered postal
banking for instance I think there's
ways to serve the poor communities in
the low-income communities like this
country did from the 1930s to the 1960s
where the postal system actually had low
cost checking for for citizens we should
be moving in that direction public
banking is a great alternative to
predatory payday lending I don't think
there's really a place for that kind of
exploitation of a very low income folks
the way Wasserman Schultz
apparently embraces all right the
website is Tim Canova comm Tim thank you
so much for joining us on The Young
Turks Network we appreciate it thank you
for having me on
