this guy all right
JQ ger that's this guy ana kasparian
that's that person over there she is
your host a Turkish barbarian that's
right we should take calls again no
those voicemails we used to run were
hilarious do I have him here let me see
if I have it no that's a different one
anyways okay
twists and turns in today's show so CNN
with an excellent report how's that for
a twist to begin with okay and then not
such a good report
oh so twists and then turns okay Asia
Argento
oh boy man
okay I don't know what kind of trouble
I'm gonna get myself in in that story
okay so buckle up brace for impact you
might want to tell the right-wing to set
the recorders on record anyway so are
their recorders on the Internet
is there anything not recorded on that
in it all right and then we got two
great stories to start for you guys the
McGann's story has an awesome awesome
quote super super relevant and then Rudy
of course with the awesome quote of the
truth isn't the truth yeah all right so
Casper take it away all right over the
weekend the New York Times published an
explosive report indicating that the
White House canceled on began is not
only cooperating with Special Counsel
Robert Muller's investigation into
Donald Trump's potential obstruction of
justice
but that Donald Trump's administration
his advisers as personal lawyers are
completely unaware of the extent to
which McGann has been testifying and the
information that he has given to Bob
fuller
the story is insane and it shows a
pretty significant divided among Donald
Trump's personal lawyers or at least
previous personal lawyers and the White
House Counsel there's a lot of
backstabbing a lack of trust I'm gonna
give you all the details right now
so in at least three voluntary
interviews with investigators that
totaled 30 hours over the past nine
months began describe the president's
fury toward the Russia investigation and
the ways in which he urged Magan to
respond to it
he provided the investigators examining
whether Trump obstructed justice a clear
view of the president's most intimate
moments with his lawyer okay so let me
clarify a few things some might wonder
well isn't there attorney-client
privilege or in the case of the
president executive privilege that would
help protect the lawyer us the White
House Counsel from cooperating with Bob
Muller yes there is a protection called
executive executive privilege
however Donald Trump's personal lawyers
which included Ty Cobb and John Dowd
encouraged began to cooperate with
Muller because their idea was if he
cooperates if we cooperate with the
special counsels investigation this will
all go away then there will be proof
that there was no obstruction of justice
and that there was no Russian meddling
or that at least Trump is not guilty of
any wrongdoing okay so there was two
massively wrong assumptions in this
series of events one was the reason Dowd
and and Cobb Trump's former personal
attorneys in this case they have now
left with their hair on fire anyway
decided to let began testify is because
they believe Donald Trump that he had
nothing to hide
what a preposterous assumption wait are
you serious I know that they barely knew
him at the time but of course Donald
Trump has something to hide of course so
they thought oh well he didn't do it so
there's no Hartmann began talking to
Muller if you thought he didn't do it
you would be correct but you believe
Donald Trump I mean I guess they assume
no no the client opens up to their
attorney tells them the whole truth so
they could help
in in fighting his case right no Trump's
not even gonna tell you guys of course
it's not going to tell you right so that
was wrong assumption number one log
assumption number two might be even more
important so understand what Ana was
saying is that Magan is not Trump's
lawyer he is the White House's lawyer
it's a different role so now still make
an executive privilege is debatable as
to what it applies to and what it
doesn't attorney-client privilege in
this case probably would have applied
could have been debatable but it doesn't
matter because they waived both of them
right not only did they waive them but
in their infinite incompetence they also
didn't ask him again after he testified
because he testified actually tomorrow
talk to mother Oh way back in November
long time ago right and he talked to him
for 30 hours oh that's a ton of time
that he spent with Muller giving him all
the details of what Trump did the his
Trump's lawyers didn't bother asking him
again hey what did you tell the special
counsel right they were not unbelievable
incompetence they were not at all
briefed because they did not ask on the
interactions that he had with Muller
what did you tell Muller what did you
not tell me like it's it's insane and it
wasn't until the New York Times
published this piece that there was
panic at the White House where there was
a lot of stress about okay there's a lot
that we don't know and they didn't
really understand to the extent at which
McGann had cooperated with Muller so
McGann also laid out how Trump tried to
ensure control of the investigation
giving investigators a mix of
information both potentially damaging
and favorable to the president but again
the president doesn't know the
president's lawyers don't know and
what's interesting about this is that
began is the White House a White House
Counsel McGann has his own lawyer right
so there there are all these lawyers
involved there's all this disagreement
in regard to the strategy that Trump
should utilize and in you know fighting
back against the special counsels
investigation it's a complete and utter
disaster so let me give you one little
piece before you jump in Jake so McCann
and his lawyer remember he has a lawyer
William Burke could not understand why
Trump was
willing to allow them again to speak
freely to the special counsel and fear
Trump was setting up McGann to take the
blame for any possible illegal acts of
obstruction this is a very important
part of the puzzle because baganz like
why would you why would you want me to
do this and so he gets together with his
own lawyer and then they start to
realize wait there's a possibility that
Trump is gonna make Magan take the fall
for any wrongdoing Trump has questioned
McGann's loyalty in turn Trump's
behavior has so exacerbated Magan that
he has called the president King Kong
behind his back to connote his volcanic
anger so they don't like each other
they're not getting along there's a
question of loyalty and at the same time
began is being encouraged to answer
Robert molars questions which leads us
in a second to massively wrong
assumption number two but I want to make
clear that Ana is not using the word
insane lightly
she said it twice so far that's
literally the word McGann's lawyer are
used to describe the strategy of
allowing McGann to testify to Muller
they thought it was quote insane and so
the fish rots from the head down Trump
is monumentally stupid I've told you
that a hundred times because it's true
and the rest of the media and even his
own lawyers and even political actors in
Washington don't understand the depth of
it and it's relevant so it's relevant in
this case the assumption number two so
they get this they get this note from
Trump and his lawyers saying yeah you
could testify they're like you guys know
what we know we're the White House
Council are you that's insane
like oh it must be strategy to throw him
again under the bus and say that he was
he just took McGann's advice to obstruct
justice because that's what nixon did to
his white house counsel John Dean John
Dean want him going to jail
so I guess I'm not going to jail and so
he says and it's now in this New York
Times report that he answered most
questions honestly and it was awesomely
fulsomely it is a fun word okay meaning
like none I gave him everything I got
brothers ain't going to jail right so
then they realize
later oh no it turns out Trump didn't
have that strategy so I'm gonna quote
the New York Times here is the months
passed on it became apparent that mr.
McGann and mr. Berg that's his lawyer
had overestimated the amount of thought
that they believed the president put
into his legal strategy I tell you he's
an idiot he didn't have a legal strategy
he's never had any strategy there is no
three-dimensional chess there's no two
dimensional chess I he'd be lucky to
make it through a game of checkers so he
let him again testify cuz he said idiot
and he is insane he's a god I got this I
got you sure yeah okay yeah let him
testify he gave a million documents and
by the way um credit for transparency
that he gave a million documents in let
me again testify and if he was really
innocent and Muller comes out afterwards
and goes oh no no we did were open and
transparent at least on those counts and
it turns out they didn't do it did I
take it back and it turns out Haney was
transparent for a good reason but my
guess is and now McGann and his lawyers
guesses oh no this moron he wasn't gonna
throw us under the bus he just had no
idea what he was doing
McGann now have you spent more time with
Trump probably realizes of course what
was I thinking this is one of the
dumbest guys in the country
he had no strategy at all right look
even if McGann was incorrect in his
assumptions about Trump and what his
real agenda was I think that McGann
still did the right thing oh yeah you're
cooperating with absolutely because
Trump is a wild card and we don't know
whether or not Trump is I mean I would
speculate that Trump has obstructed
justice I mean there's so many examples
firing James Comey is one example
constantly badgering Jeff sessions for
recusing himself as another example I
mean these are all things that he's
doing very publicly but nonetheless even
if you're on the fence and you want to
give Trump the benefit of the doubt and
believe that he is not attempting to
obstruct justice
I still think it's important for McGann
as the White House canceled counsel to
protect himself because if Trump goes
down everyone around him is gonna go
down with him anyone who continues to
protect him
and by the way if you can recall last
year there was this huge story regarding
Trump's personal lawyers Ty Cobb and and
John Dowd they were at a steak house in
in Washington where reporters like roam
freely like there's reporters everywhere
right they're eating steak they're
listening in on conversations and they
were openly saying disparaging things
about White House Counsel dawn began
because they really believed in this
strategy of transparency and cooperation
with Special Counsel Bowler and began
was like this is a bad idea what are you
guys doing so I bring that up because it
shows you how incredibly incompetent
some of the people involved in this
story are I mean these are Trump's
personal lawyers you're right they just
take Trump's word for it and who knows
who knows what Trump is really guilty of
right but it's just fascinating how his
own personal lawyers gave him that
benefit of the doubt and and constructed
a strategy around that yeah and that was
a terrible mistake so by the way in the
story it's revealed that Trump did not
understand that McGann is not his
personal lawyer he lacks understanding
of very simple concepts he is the White
House Counsel he represents the office
not the person sitting in the office
well but that's me I'm the person
sitting in the office he's my lawyer
isn't he oh god you're so stupid okay so
that created an issue now I'm again they
say and he he claims why I didn't
testify that he broke any laws but he
has a very expansive definition of
executive privilege and what Trump is
allowed to do in the White House so did
he give them information that might
indicate that there was obstruction of
justice well first of all a huge part of
this is that he's the one that told him
that Trump ordered the firing of Muller
it's just that the others in office
would not do it including me yeah so the
prosecutors did not know that until we
can talk to them that's enormous when it
comes to building obstruction of justice
case and McGann also has details on why
he fired the people that he did why he
wants
to quit right and if it turns out it is
because he wants to make sure to block
the investigation of himself that's
obstruction of justice so then when you
turned the prosecutors according to
investigators that the New York Times
spoke to began was quote a fruitful
witness Trump's in a lot of trouble and
he's too stupid to even realize it no no
he's in a panic overall no question and
when they got Cohen and all the
information that comes with Cohen it
went to a you know five alarm fire fire
right but he was too stupid to realize
hey that White House Counsel can
actually testify against you
don't let him go speak to Muller and he
didn't know until this New York Times
story came out about how much McGann had
talked to Muller and revealed and so
that's why now you're right Anna that
they go to bed Minster they do a
panicked get together trumps again in a
fury he's just too small-minded to
understand the consequences of his
decisions and his actions once they
finally land on top of his orange head
then he's like oh my god I know I'm so
angry and hence McGann's nickname for
him
King Khan yeah I remember back in the
day when we would cover some more local
news we would do stories about really
dumb criminals like people who would go
to banks robbed the bank and then forget
a jacket at the bank with their ID in
the pocket and it makes me happy to know
that criminals on all levels are stupid
no that's why I've been saying from day
one he's gonna get caught and he's not
gonna make it to 2020
cuz he's just flat out too stupid to
execute anyway near an efficient cover
up right and it doesn't take much when
you're the president you have so much
power and you have executive privilege
you have all these things that you could
use you if the FBI was investigating you
you would be host right but the
president could actually use the law to
shield himself even if he did it but my
thesis was he's too stupid to do that
and I believe and this is
another example of it that I was right
he's just too stupid to even do the
simplest things to cover up his crimes
so here we go again
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
yeah the only thing that I I will say
I'm a little concerned about is it seems
like Muller is really boring in on
obstruction of justice etc and I'm
worried I haven't seen money laundering
yeah I haven't seen stuff about money
laundering in a long long time and it
looks like they might have brought the
money laundering lawyers to deal with
manna for not Trump so I'm starting to
worry that Muller is like too careful
and did not go to why Trump is working
with the Russians in the first place
right right
you're forgetting about you know the
investigation into Michael Cohen right
because if anything Michael Cohen would
and those documents that they managed to
get in that raid of his place I think
those documents might have something in
there that would put Trump in a bad
situation regarding money he's done
money laundering like it's he couldn't
get a loan here in the United States he
couldn't do it he went bankrupt too many
times he got his loans from Russia that
was a big story during the election so
what did did Russia just decide to give
him these massive loans to be nice I
don't know there's something shady going
on and yeah so I hope they get to it
with comb but I'm not sure knowing how
why I say Muller is too careful is
knowing how carefully is he if he's run
out of time to investigate the money
laundering so does that even mean though
like he's investigating him like this
whole thing about all you gonna wrap up
the investigation is there a time limit
well look there is a couple of yes in
the real world there is politically
there is right and they're bringing a
ton of pressure and every day the
mainstream media goes along with it
they look so they're tough on Trump in
other ways but on that talking point
they should be like he's done when he's
done okay yeah go ahead keep crying
about how it's taking too long that's
irrelevant right but no the mainstream
media goes well has he taken too long
people are now concerned he's taking too
long right and they call it 50/50 and
now pressure mounts I see that
more from partisan media but mainstream
media if you're talking about cable news
CNN MSNBC no they're very much in favor
of this investigation they support it
they won't stop talking about it I don't
see pressure mounting from them to wrap
things up
yeah we're getting the kid a little bit
of conjecture here but look and if
things go on too long he will fire him
and and say hey look man this is a this
witch-hunt took so many so long and and
I had to let him go like and part of the
reason I say it last thing on this is
that when Emma and Eric Beiler went and
interviewed Trump supporters I my having
watched all that and you can watch it at
rebel headquarters my takeaway from that
was a lot of the most common thing they
said was it's taking forever no he's got
it he's got to end it he's got to end it
so it gives Trump a justification for
firing everyone investigating him so
that's a reality and Muller's got to
deal with that so I'm definitely worried
that he didn't go into the money
laundering and and why he worked with
the Russians at all so that would be
really disappointing and then we'd have
him we'd have a mercury situation which
is what I'm worried about
all right anyway let's keep going all
right Rudy Giuliani Donald Trump's
lawyer was on Meet the Press with Chuck
Todd and he was explaining why Donald
Trump so far has refused to answer
questions by special counsel robert
muller and during this exchange Giuliani
said something that later turned into a
meme take a look look I'm not gonna be
rushed into having him testify so that
he gets trapped into purging and when
you tell me that you know he should
testify because he's gonna tell the
truth that he shouldn't worry well
that's so silly because it's somebody's
version of the truth not the truth he
didn't have a conversation this crowd I
don't mean to go like I know it isn't
truth truth is in truth the president
knighted States says I didn't truth is a
truth mr. mayor do you realize what I
know
don't do that don't do this to me don't
trying so okay the truth isn't the truth
that's the statement that everyone's
talking about but I want to read you
what Giuliani said because I don't know
maybe I'm reading it incorrectly but it
okay let me just read it uh when you
tell me that he should testify because
he's going to tell the truth and he
shouldn't worry well that's so silly
because that's somebody's version of the
truth so are you saying that Trump is
gonna lie when he testifies and that's
why you're concerned that he's gonna be
caught in a perjury trap yeah so let's
break it down you're absolutely right in
your reading of it and presumably
Giuliani meant to say that someone else
could lie about him and they could
accept his word instead of Trump's word
and then call what Trump is saying a lie
and hence the perjury trap but he didn't
say that he said he was referring to a
Trump was saying that he might not give
an accurate account so it might be his
28th misstatement in a row but his
literal words are indicating that Trump
wouldn't tell the truth I mean you are a
lawyer in the most high-profile case in
the country there's no room for oh I
misspoke or that was just a small error
I actually meant to say this how many
times is he gonna do this
no and the fish rots from the head down
and so if I was being investigated by
the FBI would I hire Rudy Giuliani oh no
way the guy's a total buffoon
yes I wouldn't hire him because I'd hire
a competent attorney a regular attorney
and one who has a specialty in this case
and is careful like most attorneys but
Trump hires someone as reckless and
stupid as he is and Trump looks our
Giuliani and thinks nailed it
hey yeah even if what he meant meant is
that Trump isn't gonna lie and someone
else is gonna lie
don't say the phrase the truth isn't the
truth how unsaved are you that you don't
realize that that people will
immediately take that as oh these guys
have no connection to the truth they
don't care about the truth what a
terrible thing to
say as an attorney right and as someone
representing the president even if you
meant it the right way which it's not
clear that you did mean it the right way
so I want to give you guys a little more
context into this conversation so you
can he clear he clarifies what he means
a little bit in this next clip so let's
take a look at that Donald Trump says I
didn't talk about Flynn with call me
call me says you did talk about it so
tell me what the truth is Don the game
knife you're such a genius John began
John McCain doesn't know if that's the
kitchen hope they have two pieces of
evidence Trump says I didn't tell him
and the other guy says that he did say
it which is the truth we have a
credibility gap between the two of them
you've got to select one of the other
now who do you think Moiz gonna select
one of his best friends
Comey or the president who he has been
carrying on a completely wild crazy is
it possible that arson investigation
wild crazy unorthodox investigation okay
so look the truth isn't the truth did
turn into a meme and so Rudy Giuliani
felt the need to clarify what he meant
on social media I want to read you those
tweets very quickly he says my statement
was not meant as a pontification on
moral theology but one referring to the
situation where two people make
precisely contradictory statements the
classic he said she said puzzle
sometimes further inquiry can reveal the
truth other times it doesn't so just to
answer his question you know you have
Comey saying one thing and Trump saying
the other who do you believe I would
believe Comey because he doesn't have a
history of constant deception as Trump
does so no no so I understand what
Giuliani saying I think most people
understand it even though he misstated
it and and stated as if Trump would be
lying and he said this phrase that is of
course going to get him in trouble and
he's incredibly stupid for saying but
but overall we all get it he's saying
that hey Trump's gonna tell the truth
but other guys are gonna lie about him
and then and then the prosecutor will
just believe Comey and other guys and
then call what Trump is saying perjury
even though it isn't that's the that's
the claim that Giuliani is trying to
make but that's not how it works any and
you wouldn't
actually just decide hey is one guy held
true to the other who do I like more who
would I believe oh you would look for
other evidence
that's why Chuck Todd pointed out well
McGann would know if McGann was in the
room and he's the White House Counsel
and we found out over the weekend he
very honestly talked to Robert Muller
because the idiot Donald Trump let him
had and waived attorney-client privilege
and executive privilege then if McGann's
in the room and he backs up commis
version of events as an example in that
case he might not have been in the room
but McGann was in the room for a lot of
these things so if Trump says X and it
turns out that other guys say why the
other people in the room also say why
well then you have your answer
so you the rest of the evidence will
determine who's telling the truth that's
why Trump should not testify if I was
his lawyer I would say are you kidding
me we're gonna go nowhere near Muller
we're never gonna be in the same state
as Muller because Trump isn't telling
the truth
hey and he will get caught he will
definitely a carcass most of those cases
there were other people in the room and
they don't want to go to jail so they
will tell the truth of what happened
including potentially the White House
Counsel the second reason why Trump
might get caught is because he
constantly contradicts himself so you
don't even need other witnesses Trump
will say I fired Comey because of the
Russia investigation on national
television then he'll turn around and
say no I didn't fire him because that I
fired him because he was mean to Hillary
Clinton that's literally what they
that's they're going thesis now that
they fired Comey because they didn't
like the way he treated Hillary Clinton
that was the original memo that Rosa
Stein wrote and now they've come back to
that but you contradicted yourself so
you're by definition lying in one of
those cases not only that I mean think
about the way he tries to slander robert
muller or James Comey I mean Robert
Muller has been a lifetime or lifelong
republican but he keeps painting him as
this Democrat who is on a witch-hunt
I mean he's lying about who Robert
Muller is look Robert Muller is not it's
funny because in this weird topsy-turvy
world you know you find yourself as a
recive defending robber Muller when in
any other situation any other scenario
robber Muller is not someone that we
would typically defend but he keeps
going after him as if he's like this
this hardcore progressive who's trying
to get Trump impeached but that is not
the case so the fact that he's lying
about that shows you what his character
is he lies time and time again look I
don't think Robert Muller even needs to
talk to Trump right Trump incriminates
himself on a regular basis on social
media he can't help himself so collect
that evidence do your job talk to the
people that matter and let's let's get
to a conclusion yes and finally I think
that what we're gonna be left with in
remembrance of this administration once
Trump is taken out of office for the non
stop pathological lies I mean perjury
would be the bare minimum of his
problems we will remember things as
truth isn't truth I Kelly and Conway
saying we believe in alternative facts
and Donald Trump saying what you're
seeing and what you're reading is not
what's happening
that is another direct quote and and by
the way let's all remember that he told
Lesley Stahl I I keep attacking the
press cuz when you guys write negative
things about me I don't want people to
believe you so Anna's right he has
incriminating himself a thousand times
publicly it'd be great if we went to go
talk to him all around the record
because he would it's plainly obvious
who Donald Trump is we all see it by the
way even the manga guys know it you
think they don't know that he's lying
non-stop they know they just don't care
right you know that he went to if he
goes to talk to Muller he will lie about
approximately 200 times you know in a
half an hour so but even if he doesn't
he's still toasts for all the lies he
said in public let alone the obstruction
of justice let alone the underlying
crime I hope so
I'm not as optimistic I think even if
he's found guilty somehow miraculously
he'll be able to skate through this no
like Oksana Baiul style do a
triple-double Wow
random old-school skating reference I
know
skating didn't collude with Oksana Baiul
just kidding okay so anyway hopefully
we'll find out soon enough and the law
of physics still do apply I don't
believe that Donald Trump has any magic
I think that eventually life will catch
up with him and that eventually is
pretty soon so all right we got to take
a quick break when we come back we will
give you the excellent report from CNN
that's a nice twist and on a very
important story and then the fairly
terrible report from CNN on a completely
different story
so we'll be fair about both of those all
right we'll come right back all right
back on The Young Turks so many comments
here
Gabby were in 86 on Twitter says I like
how people are acting like Trump could
be playing some grand 3d chess strategy
in reality is I think more like a drunk
toddler who doesn't get why the square
doesn't fit into the triangle slot of
his object permanence puzzle by the way
just real quick thing that I wanted to
get to but we didn't have time so in
regard to that New York Times article
about us White House Counsel began
testifying for molar like out you gotta
Trump went on a Twitter storm about that
of course but my favorite tweet was
where he claimed that the New York Times
apologized for that piece no they didn't
times responded by saying we stand by
our reporting where no one's apologizing
get out of here which maniac doesn't
realize he's pathological liar he's
crazy
I mean look they they think that the
press is hard on them they're not hard
enough
no they should call him what he is a
narcissist pathological liar it's that's
not any pay this point it's super
obvious anyway minutes access Bill Maher
consistently calls the Trump
administration actions a slow-moving COO
but these days this also remembers
slow-moving the departed climax where
they all turn on each other in the most
incompetent way possible thank God I
didn't read that tweet earlier because I
was rewatching the departed and I was
talking about it on old school and I
think the post came and I finally got to
the ending and I hadn't remembered
any of it and I was like oh my god this
is so cool my memory sucks enough that I
could just rewatch old movies and it's
like new to me anyway get all those fun
old-school post games by becoming number
T y-t-dot-com /join to become a member I
got more on that in a second but one
more tweet for you guys
rito Riku writes in Trump will look
awfully good in orange jumpsuit
or what a clash that's more thought than
has got into his legal-defense maybe
just doesn't have one because he's
guilty of everything and more
I don't think Trump believes that
there's any such thing as too much
orange indeed player 2 writes in I
YouTube super chat referring to old
school C he says old school I've also
thrown out my old underwear and socks a
few weeks before you talked about it in
fact over the weekend we did one more
sock and shoes funeral with the kids
okay
now they're having a total blast likely
looking to throw away their stuff so
we're gonna have a funeral anyway I know
you're confused by it if you do watch it
but become a member you'll love all the
shows including old school where we
talked about that see y-t-dot-com /join
alright
stabby 666 says on YouTube super chat
Artie whitey ever going to address Jimmy
door still defending Russia and blaming
Clinton and Obama for everything after
two years look we we have difference of
opinion it's okay that's okay look Jimmy
and Steve yell at each other and
aggressive progressive and they're both
aggressive progressives and I don't
think there's anything wrong with that
it's okay we got a whole range here
check out all the shows see what you
like and and go for it I just hope that
you guys understand that tea white tea
is not one person and that we have
varying views different views and but
look I'm not gonna bother talking to
people who can't understand simple
concepts like that okay so what do you
want it's like people are obsessed with
that like hey dude is like it's like
somehow criminal for me and Jimmy they
disagree or if Jimmy's part of the
network that must mean that I support
everything he says 100% and he sports
everything I say 100% or maybe we just
disagree on some issues and I
and agree on a lot of other issues well
our problem solved it wasn't that
complicated okay anyway let's go forward
alright in a rare piece of excellent
reporting CNN looked into the weapons
used by the saudi-led Coalition in Yemen
which have killed countless civilians
and this is all part of a civil war an
ongoing civil war that began in 2015 in
Yemen it was a rebellion by Houthi
rebels and the saudi-backed coalition
which supports the the Yemeni government
has been aggressively going after these
rebels and unfortunately many civilians
have died as a result of that now the
story that we recently talked about how
to do with the bombing of a school bus
which carried dozens of children the
bomb used by the saudi-led coalition in
that devastating attack on a school bus
in Yemen was sold as part of a US State
Department sanctioned arms deal with
Saudi Arabia now I mention that because
in the update to this story CNN did a
great job in finding which weapons were
used where the weapons came from and of
course they come from the US government
these are weapons that we've sold to
Saudi Arabia now the weapon that left
dozens of children dead on August 9th
was a 500-pound laser-guided MK 82 bomb
made by Lockheed Martin one of the top
US defense contractors and just to be
clear regarding the casualties of that
bombing of the 51 people who died in the
airstrike 40 of them were children now I
want to just quickly show you a video of
what that bombing was like and and how
devastating it was for the people who
were victimized by it who were in the
area the video I'm about to show you is
graphic so I want to give you a warning
but with that said let's take a look
on August 9th said son Osama filmed his
class on our long awaited school trip a
reward for graduating summer school
within hours and it had all gone
horribly wrong a plane from the
us-backed saudi-led coalition struck a
bus carrying them dozens died some of
the bodies were so mutilated
identification became impossible okay so
first of all I want to give credit to
CNN for an excellent report we
oftentimes criticize them for just
taking what the Pentagon says at face
value etc but credit where credit is due
terrific reporting here and we'll have
the link to the full CNN segment in the
description box below if you're watching
this later on YouTube or Facebook and
the numbers that Anna gave you in the CN
NS quoting is the bare minimum others
are stating higher numbers but at a very
minimum forty kids were killed and
unfortunately a lot of the kids that you
saw on that school bus video are dead
and they haven't to take that video
before the bomb hit obviously and then
you saw some of the kids that were
injured and that last kid and AHS well
they were all incredibly hard to look at
so why are we subjecting you guys to
that in CNN etc because you have to know
the consequences of our actions so when
we sell weapons to Saudi Arabia and they
use it to bomb schoolchildren well
that's partly on us even if you don't
think so they certainly think so and so
when when Joe Scarborough the next time
he tells you they hate us because they
hate us remember that video no they hate
us because of that that bomb was made in
the USA that killed their kids right and
I also want to mention that it's not
just that we sell these weapons to Saudi
Arabia but we also supply Saudi Arabia
with fuel necessary to carry out some of
these attacks and more importantly we're
helping them with intelligence so we're
very much helping Saudi Arabia fight
this war and it does have consequences I
mean one of the consequences is
civilians die and that leads to
hostility toward the United States I
mean the hostility to the United States
is bad but let's just keep in mind the
worst part about all of this is that
children innocent people innocent
civilians who are caught up in this
civil war are losing their lives and
we're playing a role in that now I want
to give you some more information about
these weapons and what Trump did versus
what Obama did in Yemen so the bomb that
was used in this particular attack is
very similar to the one in an attack on
a funeral hall in Yemen in October of
2016 in which 155 people were killed and
hundreds more were wounded so in March
of that year a strike on a Yemeni market
this time reportedly by a US supplied
precision-guided MK 84 bomb killed 97
people so this is happening in 2016 and
the Obama administration realizes okay
this is this is not good there are human
rights issues here in the aftermath
Obama banned the sale of
precision-guided military technology to
Saudi Arabia over human rights concerns
but guess what happens when Trump comes
into office he decides to essentially
get rid of that ban the ban was
overturned by the Trump administrations
then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson so
I want to give you
James Madison support he's a secretary
of defense on whether we're helping them
target he said I will tell you that we
do help them plan what we call kind of
targeting he said we do not do dynamic
targeting for them so the distinction
he's trying to draw is we didn't tell
him to bomb that bus fulfilled with
school kits but we helped them with
intelligence overall so they know the
general areas the bomb where the rebels
are moving etc etc right so you do with
that whatever you please so number one I
you should always question the Pentagon
and the government and so I don't even
know if that's true but even if you
believe that it is true I don't know
that that makes it that much better
right and and so and we're giving them a
lot of technical capabilities like the
refueling of their jets that they could
do without us and the bombs they
wouldn't have without us so could they
have done that bombing without our help
the answer is very literally no so it's
possible that they kind of got into
China and Russia maybe they might not
have the capabilities that we have in
executing these type of missions such as
they are so I want to go back to the CNN
report here because they show you the
bomb and how we know definitively that
it was a us-made bomb so let's watch
that part this video of shrapnel was
filmed in the aftermath of the attack
and sent to CNN by contact and sadder a
cameraman working for CNN subsequently
filmed these images munitions experts
tell CNN this was a us-made
mark MK 82 bomb weighing in at the
tongue the first five digits there are
the cage number the commercial and
government entity number this number
here denotes Lockheed Martin one of the
top US defense contractors
this particular MK 82 is a pave way a
laser-guided precision bomb it's
targeting accuracy a particular point of
pride for Lockheed Martin so one more
time credit is CNN not just because
they're covering their this topic matter
which is really really important but
they bother to send a reporter to the
ground to confirm that it was an
american-made
Lockheed Martin bomb so now they went a
little bit further and gave you a map of
all the different places where American
bombs have landed it's not a pretty
picture let's take a look at that as
well
the devastation inflicted by the MK 82
is all too familiar in Yemen in March
2016 a strike on a market using the
similarly laser-guided 2000 pound MK 84
killed 97 people in October 2016 another
strike on a funeral Hall killed 155
people and wounded hundreds more then
the bus attack on August 9th where
they're still counting the dead as an
opponent out one of those terrible
attacks is what caused the Obama
administration to pause our military and
technical help to Saudi Arabia in
specific areas now Trump comes in and
goes no no no just bomb them to pieces
who cares I don't care about the human
rights concerns I am lifting that block
which we put into place because we
thought you were bombing the wrong
people and doing it basically without
care so and then he sold them 110
billion dollars of extra weaponry and no
one is innocent here with our Democratic
and Republican administrations have been
supporting Saturday Rabia and their
human rights abuses for decade after
decade after decade this war in
particular that's been going on for
three years is literally the worst
humanitarian crisis in the world
according to the United Nations they
have 22 million people in Yemen
three-quarters of the population is in
desperate need of aid and protection as
we continue to sell weapons to Saudi
Arabia that devastates the country of
Yemen so yes he made it worse and hence
sadder
Rabia understandably took that as a
green light to continue to these
bombings so finally when asked about
this bombing in particular the Saudi
military and their coalition said that
this was quote a legitimate military
action you saw the kids and then they
were even more specific they said that
it targeted Houthi leaders that were
responsible recruiting and training
young children and sending them to the
battlefields in other words yeah we
meant to hit that bus full of young
children because we thought they were
gonna be trained to be rebels by the
Houthis you saw the video on the bus did
they look like they were being trained
they were on their way back from a
picnic they were so excited because this
was their rare treat for going through
summer school they weren't getting
trained as rebels they just obliterated
that bus full of kids and part of the
reason is we gave them the green light
and then we gave them the bombs and then
we showed them how to use it they don't
hate us because they hate us they hate
us because of our actions yep all right
let's go from one great CNN report to
one terrible CNN report recently CNN's
Jake Tapper decided to fact-check Bernie
Sanders and Alexandria Castillo Cortes
and their proposal for a Medicare for
All system now as we had previously
reported there was a libertarian
Institute funded by the Koch brothers
they came out with a report indicating
that Medicare for all even though they
tried to frame it as if it would cost us
a lot of money it would actually save us
two trillion dollars over the next
decade now Bernie Sanders loved that
report loved that study he used it to
highlight the fact that a Medicare for
All system would save us taxpayers
meaning Americans two trillion dollars
over the next ten years which by the way
is an under estimate but Jake Tapper
tried to fact-check it and screwed up
terribly let's take a look
in this week we're gonna take a look at
a claim made by two self-identified
Democratic socialists Vermont
independent senator Bernie Sanders and
New York congressional candidate
Alexandria Acacio Cortez they say that a
study funded by the billionaire Koch
brothers who are generally I think it's
fair to say libertarians and
conservatives that the medicare-for-all
proposal would actually save the
government money let me thank the Koch
brothers of all people for sponsoring a
study that shows that Medicare for all
would save the American people two
trillion dollars of Latanya Korea it
shows that Medicare for all is actually
much more it is actually much cheaper
than the current system that we pay
right now is that true did a study
funded by the Koch brothers indicate
that Medicare for all would actually
save the US government trillions of
dollars no it's not true at least not
according to the author of the study
okay there's a lot there's a lot but the
first thing that I want to get to is a
very obvious mistake here and I don't
know if it was an intentional misleading
statement but Bernie Sanders and
Alexandria Castillo Cortes on multiple
occasions mention that a Medicare for
All system would save Americans two
trillion dollars but Jake Tapper said
that Bernie Sanders claims that it's
gonna save the US government two
trillion dollars so which one is it what
what has Bernie said incessantly who's
right who's wrong I don't know let's
take a look answering a study that shows
that Medicare for all would save the
American people the American people the
American people two trillion dollars
yeah he didn't say the government he
said the American people well that's
actually the smallest part of this story
yeah so I saw that Jake Tapper story
so-called fact check and I fact checked
his fact check and was all over him on
Twitter but and then a lot of you guys
were and then a lot of other people were
and then now they're beginning to
backpedal so let me give you just a
little bit of context look we did a
story just
earlier in this show giving Siena a ton
of credit for the report on Yemen in the
past when people ask me who is some of
the best anchors on mainstream media I
often say Jake Tapper
and I've credited Chris Cuomo and Alison
camerata etc so we're not like the
right-wing where we're just all blanket
they're all terrible etc right but this
one was terrible and and I might I can
guess as to why they're doing it wrong
but I'll tell you the two parts they got
the most wrong in a second my guess is
that hey we say Trump strong all the
time which he is so we have to balance
it out so let's just find something
anything we could pin on Bernie Sanders
Alexandria concert Cortes and the left
wing and then we go hey you see that
we're even we just call them lawyers
they can't wait they can't wait to call
them lies okay so now if you ask Jake
he'll be like no way you crazy no way
right but every time Bernie Sanders
during the 2016 election and on right
talks about anything is it practical is
it true it's that dismissive attitude
what Jake Tapper and a lot of those
hosts don't realize is they do have a
bias they don't realize it it's not a
conspiracy they didn't get together a
Rubin decided they have groupthink in
Washington and the groupthink is the
establishment and the status quo are
correct whatever is in that what they
perceive to be this Center is correct
that is why they will often attach the
right and the left
constantly attack right attack left
attack right like hey guess what your
bias is what you call the center and
what the rest of us call the
establishment so look III in this
specific case though there was no
attempt at you know hitting the center
of the issue because if you are trying
to be objective and then do what CNN
usually does which is fail at that and
actually end up being neutral you would
at least have the decency to reach out
to Bernie Sanders or reach out to an
expert other than a super biased
individual who's funded by the Koch
brothers to get their side and try to
figure out whether or not you know the
claims made by the author of the Koch
brothers funded study if those
accusations are true right they didn't
do that they
reach out to anyone they just took the
study they took the word of Chuck Law
House who authored that study at His
Word and they didn't ask anyone else
they didn't ask an expert they didn't
reach out to Bernie Sanders they didn't
talk to Alexandria costume Cortez in
fact in the next video
tapper says the thing that actually
frustrated me the most which was
essentially giving the benefit of the
doubt to someone who's been funded by
the Koch brothers to essentially lie
about a medicare-for-all system take a
look now while it's true that the Koch
brothers have given millions of dollars
to the Mercatus Center at George Mason
University and an AP investigation
earlier this year suggested that the
Koch brothers do have control and
influence over the hiring and firing of
professors we should know for whatever
it's worth the authors of this study
said the Koch brothers did not influence
them in any way oh you shouldn't note
that you shouldn't note that you just
mentioned that they have a say in the
hiring and firing of professors in
departments that their funding really
you think that they have absolutely no
say over what this author publishes the
Koch brothers have been funding these
fake scientists for years to put out
climate denial studies okay that is what
that's what they do that's their
business it's propaganda to protect
their profits - two points about that
one is if you go tell the ass - author
hey are you lying on behalf of the Koch
brothers do you think he's gonna say oh
yeah of course Jake you caught me and
Bernie caught me yes I I got hired to
tell people that Medicare for all is bad
because that's what the Koch brothers
believe so but okay you caught me
red-handed so that's a useless thing to
ask them but secondarily more important
in my opinion is not whether the Koch
brothers wrote a memo in the middle of
that study saying hey remember I'm
paying your checks and if you want the
checks to clear
you're gonna write what I tell you to
write no they hired that guy in the
first case because they knew what he was
gonna write did they hire a progressive
to be in that position no did they hire
a normal scientist economist whatever it
might be for that position no do they
hire one of the 97% of worlds scientists
to study climate change
no they hire the 3% that deny climb
change and that 3% know they're gonna
get paid by the Koch brothers I'm
talking about of course a different
topic in that case in this case it's all
in the hiring decisions so when you go
say no but I asked the author
I asked author and he says the Koch
brothers didn't interfere it's kind of a
preposterous caveat also also Bernie
Sanders has been touting a Medicare for
All system for a very long time now and
so I find it fascinating that the update
to this story is this study that was
funded by the Koch brothers and the
framing of this whole fact-checking
video is all about fact-checking Bernie
Sanders rather than fact-checking the
study exactly so that leads us there in
accuracy with this fact check number two
one was America the American people or
the government the second is just saying
hey I wouldn't ask the author and the
author insists that Bernie Sanders is
wrong is not a fact check CNN has
several billion dollars at a minimum and
then all the fact-checking organizations
you're working with that's their job you
could actually check the actual facts
instead of going and calling the other
oh yeah the Koch brothers paid you to do
that and you say they didn't interfere
and that Bernie Sanders is wrong okay
well you say he's wrong okay I'm gonna
tell everybody that he's wrong right do
the actual fact jack do the actual
fracture which now leads us to the most
important part so what's actually true
even it's even in the middle of Jake
Tapper story he concedes that if you pay
the Medicare rates which is by
definition what you would do in Medicare
for all that this study even the study
and even the author concede that yes it
would save the American people two
trillion dollars their only caveat and
it is preposterous it's not preposterous
in the real world of hey what's how is
it going to be applied it's for
Posterous in the caveat in the context
of this fact check their only thing is
well it could cost more maybe
Medicare will wind up paying higher
rates the doctors and hospitals because
they might not take
okay that's an interesting conversation
and debate to have but did this study
say if you apply Medicare rates in
Medicare for all it would save two
trillion dollars yes the correct answer
is yes that is indisputable
so now Jake Tapper CNN etc you know
that's indisputable so now it's on you
are you gonna correct it and how
thoroughly are you gonna correct it and
are you gonna admit that you were wrong
or are you gonna say well that's
embarrassing I don't want to actually
admit facts because they're embarrassing
to me so I'm not going to admit it
that's on you guys by the way if you are
infuriated if you're angry at Jake
Tapper's video the next portion of his
fact-check video will probably frustrate
you even more I'm gonna skip ahead guys
to video ten because this is this was in
my opinion the most insulting part of
all of it
take a look now we're not here to make a
judgement on the viability of Medicare
for all and we have no idea if the Koch
brothers influenced the writing of this
Marcaida Center study but it does seem
pretty clear that the presentation being
made by senator Bernie Sanders and
Alexandria Acacio Cortez about this
study lacks a lot of context and the
author of the study says they are not
being accurate a reminder to all you
politicians out there you're perfectly
entitled to your own opinions not to
your own facts
ridiculous
so look I I commend Bernie Sanders for
actually responding to this and he did
it in a multi tweet series but I want to
get the get to the heart of it so I'll
give you some of these tweets so he said
the following I think Jake Tapper for
let's go to graphic 44 I think Jake
Tapper for admitting his fact check on
Medicare for all was not factual and
editing his video so later Jake Tapper
actually apologized because there was
enough criticism and enough backlash
that Jake Tapper finally realized okay
we got it wrong and so he he made that
correction let me give you more of that
tweet though sadly
tappers video on medicare-for-all along
with other fact checks is riddled with
errors errors peddled by coke funded
murkiness Center let's go through them
okay great so tapper says the study's
author says that two trillion drop is
not actually his conclusion he says
that's based on assumptions by senator
Sanders wrong provider payment rates in
our plan are not assumptions they are
written into the bill so my question is
did tapper and his producers actually
look at the bill the wording of the bill
how we would pay for the bill how the
bill would work I mean that would be an
incredibly important part of the
fact-checking process because then you
would fact check the study and realize
that there there are misconceptions
based on what the study put out there
and even so this study finds the
American Americans would save two
trillion dollars Bernie Sanders is more
gracious than I am because he's
accepting the apology or whatever I
think it needs to be far more thorough
than that and you could disagree with
that and that's fine but that kind of
sending thing at the end about you're
entitled to your own opinions but not
your facts when you didn't bother
checking the facts is on bearable are
you gonna tell me now that Jake Tapper
and his producers read the bill they
didn't even know that hey were you're
applying the Medicare rates so look
mistakes happen I'm not trying to say
that that's it you should never trust
Jake Tapper or CNN again etc but what
well I think we're being reasonable what
I think that the mainstream media
oftentimes lacks is the context of of
their own bias that things that are
funded are considered legitimate things
that are that you know what they
consider centrist politicians which I
think are massively right-wing
politicians and polling indicates are
out of touch with the American people
they consider centrist and they favor
greatly if Claire McCaskill now that's a
Democrat if Claire McCaskill says
something Jake Tapper CNN takes it way
more seriously if Bernie Sanders says
something my house is your house their
Cortez's let's go let's have fun here ok
how many of those anchors voted for
Bernie Sanders I almost none of them
and by the way how many of them voted
for Trump probably almost none of them
almost all the anchors on television I'm
guessing this is not a fact check okay
I'm guessing voted for Hillary Clinton
but they never thought in their Hey hey
isn't that a weird coincidence that we
all agree that the so-called centrist
Democrats and Republicans are Marco
Rubio and Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton
are awesome and somehow the left wing in
the right we are terrible that's funny I
wonder if somebody hired us because they
knew we thought that oh that's
interesting and I know that you're gonna
find that outrageous because that gets
to the core of of why you were hired in
the first place but do you see them
hiring a lot of Bernie Sanders
supporters as anchors on cable
television
I don't see that you think that that's
an accident it's just a coincidence I
mean forget about anchors right that
they're still playing this ridiculous
game where they're all pretending to be
objective what's more important to me is
what kind of guests do they have on
their panel debates because they have
absolutely no problem
hiring nonsensical maniacs like Scottie
Nell Hughes in the past who was a huge
Trump surrogate huge Trump supporter but
what was the left-wing version of that
was was there a motor there wasn't a
single progressive there not a single
progressive and it continued it's a
pattern that you continue to see cable
news is one last thing okay on cable
news if you guys care and it's obvious
generally speaking that you don't care
what progressives think and and I know
that comes like a big surprise to you
because the right wing has been yelling
at you and call you liberal media for 40
years so you internalized it you're not
remotely progressive or liberal okay
you're part of a multi-billion dollar
corporation and so when you say well
yeah but I have to have Trump people on
because you know Trump won and they're
apparently half the country well the
other at the country are progressives
and someone who supports Hillary Clinton
and Joe Manchin is not necessarily a
progressive you didn't check your box
why everybody I know is a lorge Lynn
supporter no but most of the country
didn't like her that's why I didn't vote
for her okay
so when you say hey
every once in a while have Nina Turner
on that actually proves our point you
could point to one person that comes on
some of the time as the one progressive
you have on if you want to count banjos
were up - whoo - okay and everyone else
is either a trump or a Hillary Clinton
supporter does that sound balance to you
first of all you don't care about that
balance because you just dismiss
progressives as not relevant and you
don't even know it I don't think any of
this has done out of malice some people
might disagree but I really don't think
it is it's just your assumptions the
assumption is the establishment is right
and the right wing is to be respected
and progressives are to be dismissed and
this was a perfect example of that
and as usual based on no actual facts we
got to take a break when we come back
one of the most outspoken women and the
me2 movement has been accused of
settling out of court with someone who
had accused her of sexual that's a
hugely controversial story yeah
all right anyway come back and we'll
tell you what our thoughts on it are
