one of the earliest participants and
most vocal participants of the me2
movement was a woman by the name of Asia
Argento she was also in a relationship
with Anthony Bourdain and she had
alleged that Harvey Weinstein had
sexually assaulted her when she was
extremely young in her early 20s now
there has been a report indicating that
she had paid hundreds of thousands of
dollars to her own accuser in an effort
to you know keep him quiet so he
wouldn't share his story publicly now I
want to be clear that part of the
settlement did not indicate that there
was an NDA non-disclosure agreement
because it's in the state of California
and in California NDA's are not allowed
in this context however the details of
this settlement are jarring and were you
know gonna give you those details and
have a discussion about it so according
to the report Argento quietly arranged
to pay three hundred eighty thousand
dollars to her own accuser to an actor
by the name of Jimmy Bennett he's a
young actor and a rock musician who said
she had sexually assaulted him in a
California hotel room when he was 17 she
was 37 years old at the time the age of
consent in California where this
occurred is 18 so he was underage so the
documents which were sent to the New
York Times anonymously through an
encrypted email include a selfie dated
in a March 9th 2013 of the two lying in
bed together as part of the agreement
mr. Bennett gave the photograph and its
copyright to Argento so this has not
been published but there are other
photos that have been published as part
of this piece to give you some more
details in this Bennett was seven when
he was cast in a movie in 24 2004 that
Argento was the director for she also
starred in it and she helped write it so
she has a long history with him she's
known him since he was a child and some
of the information regarding this
settlement including a note that
Argento's lawyer had written to Argento
make me I don't know their their certain
that raised red flags for me personally
in this story but with that said you
know anyway let me give you the the note
that the lawyer gave to Argento we hope
nothing like this ever happens to you
again remember the lawyer is right in
this charge ento you are a powerful and
inspiring creator and it is a miserable
condition of life that you live among
individuals who've preyed on both your
strengths and your weaknesses
again that's Carrie Goldberg the lawyer
for Argento so this was a note that she
wrote to her you know knowing that or
thinking that it was going to be private
this was in the middle of this huge
three hundred eighty thousand dollar
settlement after this entire case was
done anyway go ahead look look I think
they're two sides of the story and I
yeah and I don't think it's clear-cut as
it's being portrayed so on the one hand
was what happened at a bare minimum
creepy yes okay and also by the way he's
not old enough to consent he's 17 yes so
that's a huge issue and nobody's
disputing that so in that movie from
back in oh he played her son when he was
a kid right now that's not when this
happened this what he calls a sexual or
apparently would he allege was a sexual
battery happened much later in 2013 2013
at that point is annex when he's 17
she's 37 but a on Instagram on that day
she had written waiting for my long-lost
son my love Jimmy Bennett in trepidation
Marina del Rey smoking cigarettes like
there was no next week he writes back
I'm almost there this is all in public
okay so she refers to him as her son in
that case they then sleep together that
day and then I if she writes afterwards
happiest day of my life reunion with
Jimmy Bennett
he writes positive things later on as
well but that actually does happen often
times with people who have gone through
something traumatic and they don't know
and they're trying to justify it so that
doesn't mean that it didn't happen in
the way that he is saying it okay so
those are all the things that are
against Argento in this case okay so
it's weird it's creepy he's she's known
him for a long time and it's he does
he's not at the age of consent so super
clear okay the things that give us pause
or give me pause is so I he had Bennett
had made a lot of money in the past as a
child actor he'd made three and a half
no sorry
made more than two point seven million
dollars over five years before that
meeting but then he had to sue his mom
and stepfather because apparently they'd
taken a lot of his money and and then
that suit eventually got resolved he's
saying he's not getting a lot of work
now and he thinks it's because he was so
traumatized by the incident he also
claimed that because of what his mother
and stepfather had done he was
completely broke yeah yeah so he needs
money and now look it doesn't mean he's
not telling the truth maybe he needs
money but he still could be telling the
truth about everything that happened
here and in and in fact Argento is not
really denying any of this yet she
hasn't given a comment to the New York
Times as they did the story etc right
now here's the part that is troubling
that nobody else will talk about right
or that gives me pause so you're
supposed to end the story right here and
you're supposed to say yet men and women
should be treated the same exact way no
matter what etc right okay but and
everybody is different and we'll give
you all the nuance if you asked a
hundred seventeen year olds either and
when they're seventeen or later when
they're thirty seven would you have
wanted to have this happen to you you're
specifically talking about males I'm
talking about males okay and look we
didn't tell you what happened but so
I'll read that to you
she kissed them pushed him back on the
bed I'm quoting The New York Times here
removed his pants and performed oral sex
she climbed on top of him and the two
had intercourse and then she then asked
him to take a number of photos and some
of which are now in the record okay I'm
guessing my guess is 85% of males would
say that would be a
Racing not a bad thing okay now that
doesn't make it right
I'm just and I'm guessing as to what the
number is in you can guess as to what
the number is so when people equate that
to okay what happened to her where
Harvey Weinstein raped her when she was
21 if you ask a hundred women if they
would think that that was a good thing
my guess is you would get an answer of
zero zero right so are we suppose you
guys are we supposed to take that into
consideration as a society it's not an
easy answer because you want to say no
the law should apply to men and women
equally right yes okay on the other hand
we all relatively speaking knowledge
that most seventeen year old males in
that position would be thrilled and
maybe I'm wrong maybe I'm totally wrong
and no they would be horrible like oh
you're gonna give me oral sex and you're
beautiful you know they have sex with me
I don't want it I don't want it under
any circumstance and by the way and
everybody's different me I'll be honest
with you I would have not liked it loved
it okay and people sometimes people will
say oh no no you think you would have
liked it but you would have been
traumatized no I know myself I would
have loved it okay now that doesn't mean
everybody's like me people can be
traumatized everybody's different they
might go through that he says he was
devastated on the road back and maybe he
was so and the law might not be able to
take that into account right I'm just
giving you the full context because I
know that no one else is allowed to say
these things and that there are people
at home we're going you've got $380,000
on top for that I'm just acknowledging
that so I I disagree with a justice
system a two-tier justice system based
on socioeconomic status based on race
based on anything right the justice
system should be fair and should be
applied equally and I think that that's
certainly the case when it comes to
statutory statutory rape when it comes
to sexual assault regardless of the
genders involved regardless of the
people involved if he's underage she
broke a law and a male in this situation
would have to do
with a pretty strict standard in our
justice system but we can't have a
different standard if the perpetrator or
alleged perpetrator is a woman because
some men would be comfortable or would
love that situation right because you
can't speak for all men noise even if
you could speak for all men which you
just admitted you can't you cannot have
a double standard in the justice system
based on gender okay I'm just laying out
what the different range of thought here
is so he says that he began to feel on
the ride home
extremely quote extremely confused
mortified and disgusted and that is
totally possible so I guess the bottom
line is as we now go around judging Asia
Argento I'm asking you to keep the full
context in mind and then you make any
judgment you you're comfortable with
okay and maybe you think like yeah of
course oh my god that seventy year old
boy after receiving this sex from this
attractive 37 year old woman was
obviously discussed it then you have
your opinion and you have your
conclusion no question and others might
have different conclusions and I'm gonna
say one last thing that again will
probably get me in trouble which is
males Anatomy is different than a
female's Anatomy if you were I don't
know can you enjoy that act at the
moment and then later decide you were
disgusted I know certain things have to
work and and and people can say that's
not fair and maybe it's not fair I don't
know but we do know that he did
participate in that act and for a man
you do have to participate so I don't
know I it's these are hard hard
questions so if you think they're easy
and you want to judge me as well bless
your heart go forward and do that but I
don't think they're easy and I think
there's a lot of guys in the country
right now going really she had to pay
three hundred eighty thousand and now
I'm supposed to hate her for giving that
guy sex and pay three hundred eighty
thousand dollars and I'm supposed to
judge her and and now we're having a
conversation about her in the same
sentence
as Harvey Weinstein I don't think they
belong in the same sentence at all one
other thing that I wanted to just
quickly bring up is that oftentimes the
perpetrators of sexual assault happen to
be victims of sexual assault like they
have sexual assault in their past and we
know based on what she said about Harvey
Weinstein that she was essentially
abused by him right and so people are
now asking oh well can we consider her a
valid member of this me too movement
when she has this dark you know element
in her past with the 17 year old actor
and the answer is yes because again
often times people who perpetrate these
crimes are people who were victimized by
them in the past so yeah those are two
separate questions is she part of the
me2 movement well yes you got raped by
Weinstein she says at the age of 21 if
that's true she's clearly part of the
movement in terms of what she did well
you could say it's super fair to say
there needs to be consequences for that
action and by the way there were it was
380 thousand dollars that she paid you I
don't know what the statute of
limitations here and if you want to talk
about legal consequences that's a
legitimate conversation to have as well
but just say that her previous trauma
and what she lived through is now
vitiated it like in in hindsight we're
gonna take it away from her because she
doesn't deserve to be in this category
well that's a weird conclusion that I
don't agree with like this video that's
great and you never have to miss another
episode of t whitey by hitting the
subscribe button below and ring the bell
to get notified whenever we publish a
new video
