a Houston doctor has been convicted of
raping one of his female patients while
she was heavily sedated she was in the
hospital following an asthma attack and
while she was heavily sedated
this doctor his name is a sapphic sheik
goes into her room on two separate
occasions first time he fondled her
against her will with no consent the
second time he raped her now the jury
did convict him he's convicted of raping
a patient in her hospital bed while she
was sedated but he was only sentenced to
10 years probation and no prison time
he's an internal medicine resident who
was on call at this hospital that night
he's been charged with assault and the
Texas Medical Board revoked his license
after the arrest he will have to
register as a sex offender for the rest
of his life but the fact that the jury
refused to give him any prison time is
incredible also I want to note what the
defense attorney said in this case which
I couldn't even believe but this is part
of the defense he made a mistake but he
didn't sexually assault her here we have
this latina woman with her fake boobs
that came on to that little nerdy
middle-aged guy and he lost his mind
Lisa Andrews that's the defense attorney
again keep in mind that this woman was
heavily sedated and unable to defend
herself or protect yourself against this
predator I can't believe they said that
comment first of all what is the fact
that she's latina have anything to do
with anything I mean that is an unreal
outrageous thing to say about a rape
victim they what are latina
I don't even it's unbelievable let alone
blaming her so now I just want to be
absolutely clear and they're gonna they
blamed her for other things too that I'm
gonna get to in a second but I wanna be
absolutely clear about who was at fault
here because this case is clear-cut
first of all he was convicted so let's
just acknowledge that and so the jury
thought yeah he
do it so now if you hear the evidence
you'll see why they thought that because
he goes in she's heavily sedated
he goes in a couple of different times
first he fondles her and then there's
digital penetration and then he has sex
with her on this last time that he goes
in she's pressing the call button in a
panic she's sedated but pressing the the
call button for the nurses it was
unplugged yeah disconnected it
the minute she is out of the sedation
she tells the nurses immediately this
guy raped me this doctor came in and and
he didn't she didn't even know who the
doctor was she described him they
figured out who it was and then they did
a DNA test because they immediately did
a rape kit on her and his DNA matches
it's definitely him and she definitely
said right away he raped me right about
who came on to who there absolutely is
not and and not only did his DNA match
the rape kits DNA but more importantly
surveillance footage showed that he had
gone into her room so they had a ton of
evidence proving that he was the
perpetrator here which is how he got
convicted but somehow the jury was
convinced that they should feel sorry
for him because putting him in prison
would mean that his family would suffer
the consequences well perhaps he should
have thought of that before raping a
heavily sedated woman that's not unheard
that's on him and so the defense went on
to question the victim about
quote-unquote sexy photos on her
Instagram this is crazy
what's so easy so somebody rapes you and
you took a shot and a picture in a
bikini three years earlier on the beach
you had it coming
this guy got no jail time none and I'll
tell you what my guess as to why it
isn't because she's a sexy Latino woman
or whatever the hell that means right it
isn't because he didn't do it it's the
same thing that happens all the time the
jury looks at her and goes well is this
a good person or is it an undesirable
right in this case it has absolutely
nothing to do with race it has to do
with socio-economic situation so here's
a good upstanding
citizen who's a doctor are we really
gonna put a doctor in prison whereas if
you're poor no matter where you're from
you're from the holler you're from the
Bronx it doesn't matter you're poor they
look at you and they think guilty they
think we're gonna put you away as a
rapist for 10 20 years etc he skates
gets no time and you're unlikely if
you're in a lower socioeconomic status
and you're in need of a publicly funded
defense attorney you're not necessarily
gonna have the best defense attorney
whereas if you're a doctor with the
resources you can hire the best of the
best who can you know say incredibly
terrible things about the person who is
bringing rape charges against you by the
way I want to be clear about one other
thing so yes that defense attorney
mentioned the fact that the victim here
was latina but she also insulted her by
mentioning her body right mentioning her
but like this is the reason why so many
rape victims don't come forward think
about it if you have just been raped as
this woman has been do you want to sit
through a case where you're gonna have
defense attorneys judge your character
judge your body talk about your fake
boobs
I mean how degrading is that I then
they're gonna get into your life and
they're gonna judge you for every
picture you've ever taken so this is
this is why so many rapists get away
with it and and - and look last thing on
it is I can't stand what the defense did
here I get it they get paid to be
defense attorneys but the and I the part
that bothers me the most is that we as a
society I mean that's a period jury of
his peers seven men five women on that
jury they look at and when you they see
it a doctor a wealthy doctor and then
the defense attorney says this latina
woman with her boobs in her and her
pictures on Instagram I came on to him
they go oh well I mean she is latina and
she is attractive and she once took a
picture on Instagram yeah no no prison
time and so on
what's the worst part of the story is
that that defense worked enough for him
to go completely free yes he's on the
list yes he has probation but no prison
time whatsoever because that jury said
oh good point about the Latina good
point about their Instagram pictures and
he is a upstanding citizen never miss
another TYT video by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT and download the TYT Plus
app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
