in a rare piece of excellent reporting
CNN looked into the weapons used by the
saudi-led Coalition in Yemen which have
killed countless civilians and this is
all part of a civil war an ongoing civil
war that began in 2015 in Yemen it was a
rebellion by Houthi rebels and the
saudi-backed coalition which supports
the the Yemeni government has been
aggressively going after these rebels
and unfortunately many civilians have
died as a result of that now the story
that we recently talked about how to do
with the bombing of a school bus which
carried dozens of children the bomb used
by the saudi-led coalition in that
devastating attack on a school bus in
Yemen was sold as part of a US State
Department sanctioned arms deal with
Saudi Arabia now I mention that because
in the update to this story CNN did a
great job in finding which weapons were
used where the weapons came from and of
course they come from the US government
these are weapons that we've sold to
Saudi Arabia now the weapon that left
dozens of children dead on August 9th
was a 500-pound laser-guided MK 82 bomb
made by Lockheed Martin one of the top
US defense contractors and just to be
clear regarding the casualties of that
bombing of the 51 people who died in the
airstrike 40 of them were children now I
want to just quickly show you a video of
what that bombing was like and and how
devastating it was for the people who
were victimized by it who were in the
area the video I'm about to show you is
graphic so I want to give you a warning
but with that said let's take a look on
August 9th
zedd son Osama filmed his class on that
long-awaited school trip a reward for
graduating summer school within hours
and it had all gone horribly wrong
a plane from the us-backed saudi-led
coalition struck a bus carrying them
dozens died some of the bodies were so
mutilated identification became
impossible okay so first of all I want
to give credit to CNN for an excellent
report we oftentimes criticize them for
just taking what the Pentagon says at
face value etc but credit where credit
is due
terrific reporting here and we'll have
the link to the full CNN segment in the
description box below if you're watching
this later on YouTube or Facebook and
the numbers that Anna gave you in the CN
NS quoting is the bare minimum others
are stating higher numbers but at a very
minimum forty kids were killed and
unfortunately a lot of the kids that you
saw on that school bus video are dead
and they having to take that video
before the bomb hit obviously and then
you saw some of the kids that were
injured and that last kid in Oz well
they were all incredibly hard to look at
so why are we subjecting you guys to
that in CNN etc because you have to know
the consequences of our actions so when
we sell weapons to Saudi Arabia and they
use it to bomb schoolchildren well
that's partly on us even if you don't
think so
they certainly think so and so when when
Joe Scarborough the next time he tells
you they hate us because they hate us
remember that video no they hate us
because of that that bomb was made in
the USA that killed their kids right and
I also want to mention that it's not
just that we sell these weapons to Saudi
Arabia but we also supply Saudi Arabia
with fuel necessary to carry out some of
these attacks and more importantly we're
helping them with intelligence so we're
very much helping Saudi Arabia fight
this war and it does have consequences I
mean one of the consequences is
civilians die and that leads to
hostility toward the United States I
mean the hostility to the United States
is bad but let's just keep in mind the
worst part about all of this is that
children
innocent people innocent civilians who
are caught up in this civil war are
losing their lives and we're playing a
role in that now I want to give you some
more information about these weapons and
what Trump did versus what Obama did in
Yemen so the bomb that was used in this
particular attack is very similar to the
one in an attack on a funeral hall in
Yemen in October of 2016 in which 155
people were killed and hundreds more
were wounded so in March of that year a
strike on a Yemeni market this time
reportedly by a u.s. supplied
precision-guided MK 84 bomb killed 97
people so this is happening in 2016 and
the Obama administration realizes ok
this is this is not good there are human
rights issues here in the aftermath
Obama banned the sale of
precision-guided military technology to
Saudi Arabia over human rights concerns
but guess what happens when Trump comes
into office he decides to essentially
get rid of that ban the ban was
overturned by the Trump administrations
then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson so
I want to give you
James Madison support he's the Secretary
of Defense on whether we're helping them
target he said I will tell you that we
do help them plan what we call kind of
targeting he said we do not do dynamic
targeting for them so the distinction
he's trying to draw is we didn't tell
him to bomb that bus fulfilled with
school kits but we helped them with
intelligence overall so they know the
general areas the bomb where the rebels
are moving etc etc right so you do with
that whatever you please so number one I
you should always question the Pentagon
and the government and so I don't even
know if that's true but even if you
believe that it is true I don't know
that that makes it that much better
right and and so and we're giving them a
lot of technical capabilities like the
refueling of their jets that they
couldn't do without us and the bombs
they wouldn't have without us so could
they have done that bombing without our
help the answer is very literally
so it's possible to kind of ground the
China and Russia maybe they might not
have the capabilities that we have in
executing these type of missions such as
they are so I want to go back to the CNN
report here because they show you the
bomb and how we know definitively that
it was a us-made bomb so let's watch
that part this video of shrapnel was
filmed in the aftermath of the attack
and sent to CNN by contact and sadder a
cameraman working for CNN subsequently
filmed these images munitions experts
tell CNN list was a us-made mark MK 82
bomb weighing in at half a ton the first
five digits there are the cage number
the commercial and government entity
number this number here denotes Lockheed
Martin one of the top US defense
contractors
this particular MK 82 is a pave way a
laser-guided precision bomb it's
targeting accuracy a particular point of
pride for Lockheed Martin so one more
time credit is CNN not just because
they're covering their this topic matter
which is really really important but
they bother to send a reporter to the
ground to confirm that it was an
american-made
Lockheed Martin bomb so now they went a
little bit further and gave you a map of
all the different places where American
bombs have landed it's not a pretty
picture let's take a look at that as
well the devastation inflicted by the MK
82 is all too familiar in Yemen in March
2016 a strike on a market using the
similarly laser-guided 2000 pound MK 84
killed 97 people in October 2016 another
strike on a funeral Hall killed 155
people and wounded hundreds more then
the bus attack on August 9th where
they're still counting the dead as an
opponent out one of those terrible
attacks is what caused the Obama
administration to pause are military and
technical help to Saudi Arabia in
specific areas now Trump comes in and
goes no no no just bomb them to pieces
who cares I don't care about the human
rights concerns I am lifting that block
which we put into place because we
thought you were bombing the wrong
people and doing it basically without
care so and then he sold them 110
billion dollars of extra weaponry and no
one is innocent here with our Democratic
and Republican administrations have been
supporting Saturday Rabia and their
human rights abuses for decade after
decade after decade this war in
particular that's been going on for
three years is literally the worst
humanitarian crisis in the world
according to the United Nations they
have 22 million people in Yemen
three-quarters of the population is in
desperate need of aid and protection as
we continue to sell weapons to Saudi
Arabia that devastates the country of
Yemen so yes he made it worse and hence
Saudi Arabia understand
took that as a green light to continue
to these bombings so finally when asked
about this bombing in particular the
Saudi military and their coalition said
that this was quote a legitimate
military action you saw the kids and
then they were even more specific they
said that it targeted Houthi leaders
that were responsible recruiting and
training young children and sending them
to the battlefields in other words yeah
we meant to hit that bus full of young
children because we thought they were
gonna be trained to be rebels by the
Houthis you saw the video on the bus did
they look like they were being trained
they were on their way back from a
picnic they were so excited because this
was their rare treat for going through
summer school they weren't getting
trained as rebels they just obliterated
that bus full of kids and part of the
reason is we gave them the green light
and then we gave them the bombs and then
we showed them how to use it they don't
hate us because they hate us they hate
us because of our actions did you know
the TYT network is now available on
youtubes new streaming platform YouTube
TV get access to full TYT episodes and
exclusive shows by signing up for
YouTube TV today all new subscribers get
a 7 day free trial so head over to
YouTube dot TV and search for TYT
networks channel
