over the weekend the New York Times
published an explosive report indicating
that the White House canceled on began
is not only cooperating with Special
Counsel Robert molars investigation into
Donald Trump's potential obstruction of
justice
but that Donald Trump's administration
his advisers as personal lawyers are
completely unaware of the extent to
which McGann has been testifying and the
information that he has given to Bob
Butler the story is insane and it shows
a pretty significant divide among Donald
Trump's personal lawyers or at least
previous personal lawyers and the White
House Counsel there's a lot of
backstabbing a lack of trust I'm gonna
give you all the details right now
so in at least three voluntary
interviews with investigators that
totaled 30 hours over the past nine
months began describe the president's
fury toward the Russia investigation and
the ways in which he urged McGann to
respond to it he provided the
investigators examining whether Trump
obstructed justice a clear view of the
president's most intimate moments with
his lawyer okay so let me clarify a few
things some might wonder well isn't
there attorney-client privilege or in
the case of the president executive
privilege that would help protect the
lawyer us the White House Counsel from
cooperating with Bob Muller yes there is
a protection called executive executive
privilege
however Donald Trump's personal lawyers
which included Ty Cobb and John Dowd
encouraged began to cooperate with
Muller because their idea was if he
cooperates if we cooperate with the
special counsels investigation this will
all go away then there will be proof
that there was no obstruction of justice
and that there was no Russian meddling
or that at least Trump is not guilty of
any wrongdoing okay so there was two
massively wrong assumptions in this
series of events one was the reason Dowd
and and Cobb Trump's former personal
attorneys in this case they've now left
with their hair on fire anyway decided
to let began testify is because they
believe Donald Trump that he had nothing
to hide what a preposterous assumption
wait are you serious I know that they
barely knew him at the time but of
course Donald Trump has something to
hide
of course so they thought oh well he
didn't do it so there's no Hartmann
began talking to Muller if you thought
he didn't do it you would be correct but
you believe Donald Trump I mean I guess
they assume no no the client opens up to
their attorney tells them the whole
truth so they could help in in fighting
his case right
no Trump's not even gonna tell you guys
of course it's not going to tell you
right so that was wrong assumption
number one well the assumption number
two might be even more important so
understand what Anna was saying is that
Magan is not Trump's lawyer he is the
White House's lawyer it's a different
role
so now still the an executive privilege
is debatable as to what it applies to
and what it doesn't attorney-client
privilege in this case probably would
have applied could have been debatable
but it doesn't matter because they
waived both of them right not only did
they waive them but in their infinite
incompetence they also didn't ask him
again after he testified because he
testified actually tomorrow talk to
mother Oh way back in November long time
ago right and he talked to him for 30
hours oh that's a ton of time that he
spent with Muller giving him all the
details of what Trump did the his
Trump's lawyers didn't bother asking him
again hey what did you tell the special
counsel right they were not unbelievable
incompetence they were not at all
briefed because they did not ask on the
interactions that he had with Muller
what did you tell Muller what did you
not tell me like it's it's insane and it
wasn't until the New York Times
published this piece that there was
panic at the White House where there was
a lot of stress about okay there's a lot
that we don't know and they didn't
really understand to the extent at which
McGann had cooperated with Muller so
McGann also laid out how Trump tried to
ensure control of the investigation
giving investigators a mix of
information both potentially damaging
favorable to the president but again the
president doesn't know the president's
lawyers don't know and what's
interesting about this is that McGann is
the White House but White House Counsel
McGann has his own lawyer right so there
there are all these lawyers involved
there's all this disagreement in regard
to the strategy that Trump should
utilize and in you know fighting back
against the special counsels
investigation it's a complete and utter
disaster so let me give you one little
piece before you jump in Jake so McGann
and his lawyer remember he has a lawyer
William Burke could not understand why
Trump was so willing to allow them again
to speak freely to the special counsel
and fear Trump was setting up began to
take the blame for any possible illegal
acts of obstruction this is a very
important part of the puzzle because
McCann's like why would you why would
you want me to do this and so he gets
together with his own lawyer and then
they start to realize wait there's a
possibility that Trump is gonna make
McGann take the fall for any wrongdoing
Trump has questioned McGann's loyalty in
turn Trump's behavior has so exacerbated
McGann that he has called the president
King Kong behind his back to connote his
volcanic anger so they don't like each
other they're not getting along there's
a question of loyalty and at the same
time began as being encouraged to answer
Robert Moeller's questions which leads
us in a second to massively wrong
assumption number two but I want to make
clear that Anna is not using the word
insane lightly
she said it twice so far that's
literally the word McGann's lawyer are
used to describe the strategy of
allowing Magan to testify to Muller
they thought it was quote insane and so
the fish rots from the head down
Trump is monumentally stupid I've told
you that a hundred times because it's
true and the rest of the media and even
his own lawyers and even political
actors in Washington don't understand
the depth of it and it's relevant so
it's relevant in this case the
assumption number two so they get this
they get this note from Trump and his
lawyers saying yeah you could testify
they're like you guys know what we know
we're the White House Counsel are you
that's in
saying like oh it must be strategy to
throw him again under the bus and say
that he was he just took begins advice
to obstruct justice because that's what
Nixon did to his white house counsel
John Dean John Dean wound up going to
jail
so me guess I'm not going to jail and so
he says and it's now in this New York
Times report that he answered Mullis
questions honestly and it was all
suddenly fulsomely which is a fun word
okay meaning like none I gave him
everything I got a brother because I
ain't going to jail right so then they
realize later oh no it turns out Trump
didn't have that strategy so I'm going
to quote the New York Times here is the
months passed on it became apparent that
mr. McGann and mr. Berg that's his
lawyer had overestimated the amount of
thought that they believed the president
put into his legal strategy he didn't
have a legal strategy he's never had any
strategy there is no three-dimensional
chess there's no two dimensional chess I
he'd be lucky to make it through a game
of checkers so he let him again testify
cuz he said idiot and he is insane he's
a god I got this I got you sure yeah
okay yeah let him testify he gave a
million documents and by the way I'm
credit for transparency that he gave a
million documents and let me again
testify and if he was really innocent
and Muller comes out afterwards and goes
oh no no II did were open and
transparent at least on those counts and
it turns out they didn't do it then I
take it back and it turns out Haney was
transparent for a good reason but my
guess is and now McGann and his lawyers
guesses oh no this moron he wasn't gonna
throw us under the bus he just had no
idea what he was doing
McGann now have you spent more time with
Trump probably realizes of course what
was I thinking this is one of the
dumbest guys in the country he had no
strategy at all right look even if
McGann was incorrect in his assumptions
about Trump and what his real agenda was
I think that McGann still did the right
thing oh yeah you're cooperating with
absolutely glitch Trump is a wild card
and we don't know whether or not Trump
is I mean I would speculate that
has obstructed justice I mean there's so
many examples firing James Comey is one
example constantly badgering Jeff
sessions for recusing himself is another
example I mean these are all things that
he's doing very publicly but nonetheless
even if you're on the fence and you want
to give Trump the benefit of the doubt
and believe that he is not attempting to
obstruct justice I still think it's
important for McGann as the White House
canceled counsel to protect himself
because if Trump goes down everyone
around him is gonna go down with him
anyone who continues to protect him and
by the way if you can recall last year
there was this huge story regarding
Trump's personal lawyers Ty Cobb
and and John Dowd they were at a steak
house in in Washington where reporters
like roam freely like there's reporters
everywhere right there eating steak
they're listening in on conversations
and they were openly saying disparaging
things about White House Counsel dawn
began because they really believed in
this strategy of transparency and
cooperation with Special Counsel Moeller
and began was like this is a bad idea
what are you guys doing so I bring that
up because it shows you how incredibly
incompetent some of the people involved
in this story are I mean these are
Trump's personal lawyers you're right
they just take Trump's word for it and
who knows who knows what Trump is really
guilty of right but it's just
fascinating how his own personal lawyers
gave him that benefit of the doubt and
and constructed a strategy around that
yeah and that was a terrible mistake so
by the way in the story it's revealed
that Trump did not understand that
McGann is not his personal lawyer he
lacks understanding of very simple
concepts he is the White House Counsel
he represents the office not the person
sitting in the office well but that's me
I'm the person sitting in the office
he's my lawyer isn't he oh god you're so
stupid
okay so that created an issue now I'm
again they say and he he claims why I
didn't testify that he broke any laws
but he has a very expansive
definition of executive privilege and
what Trump is allowed to do in the White
House so did he give them information
that might indicate that there was
obstruction of justice well first of all
a huge part of this is that he's the one
that told him that Trump ordered the
firing of Muller it's just that the
others in office would not do it
including me yeah so the prosecutors did
not know that until we can talk to them
that's enormous when it comes to
building obstruction of justice case and
McGann also has details on why he fired
the people that he did why he wants
sessions to quit right and if it turns
out it is because he wants to make sure
to block the investigation of himself
that's obstruction of justice so then
when you turned the prosecutors
according to investigators that the New
York Times spoke to McGann was quote a
fruitful witness Trump's in a lot of
trouble and he's too stupid to even
realize it no no he's in a panic overall
no question and when they got Cohen and
all the information that comes with
Cohen it went to a you know five alarm
fire fire right but he was too stupid to
realize hey that White House Counsel can
actually testify against you
don't let him go speak to Muller and he
didn't know until this New York Times
story came out about how much McGann had
talked to Muller and revealed and so
that's why now you're right Anna that
they go to bed Minster they do a
panicked get-together Trump again in a
fury he's just too small-minded to
understand the consequences of his
decisions and his actions once they
finally land on top of his orange head
then he's like oh my god I didn't know
I'm so angry and hence McGann's nickname
for him King Khan yeah I remember back
in the day when we would cover some more
local news we would do stories about
really dumb criminals like people who
would go to banks robbed the bank and
then forget a jacket at the bank with
their ID in the pocket and it makes me
happy to know that criminals on all
levels are stupid no that's why I've
been saying for
day one he's gonna get caught and he's
not gonna make it to 2020 because he's
just flat out too stupid to execute any
way near an efficient cover up right and
it doesn't take much when you're the
president you have so much power and you
have executive privilege you have all
these things that you could use you if
the FBI was investigating you you'd be
toast right but the president could
actually use the law to shield himself
even if he did it but my thesis was he's
too stupid to do that and I believe and
this is yet another example of it that I
was right he's just too stupid to even
do the simplest things to cover up his
crimes so here we go again
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
like this video that's great
and you never have to miss another
episode of TYT by hitting the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
