it's Friday you know what's gonna happen
drop it
pow pow pow power panel okay John I
reload Jake
John hello Jim working together for
seven years okay I'll get a one day so
and nayer hawk for the first time at
least with me yes okay
great to have you here my eras on Sirius
XM where we first got started and Abba
had about 17 different shows throughout
all the years and was formerly a senior
director in the White House's State
Department fancy-schmancy title right
that is back when the State Department
meant something yes yeah back when it
stated and it had diplomacy so that's
pretty neat I wanted to ask you one
quick question about that so what does a
senior director in the White House -
right exactly right some of it I have to
say it is is give him a fancy title
because they're in the white house so
they can have some authority over all
the other minions that are in the
government yeah but my job there was
actually it was kind of keep all the
trains running on time and a lot of
though is doing what the Trump
administration is not doing right now
there's like actually coordinating
policy talking to different branches of
the government and I go we have this
thing we want to do an immigration we
probably should get some people around
the table to discuss it all the people
were the things matter so we don't end
up with everyone being surprised about
children being separated at the border
like like child immigration the
unaccompanied minors these are some of
the issues I worked on I worked with all
the national security agencies kind of
keeping us on the same page and so it
really breaks my heart to see how we are
not working all one team one fight when
it comes to what we do overseas yeah
although sometimes I since this is a
trump administration I don't agree with
their goals I welcome their incompetence
so I like when Trump randomly tweets
something and everybody else in the
government goes what most effective
about implementing anything at least on
the domestic front so far it's more like
what they're undoing and unraveling
right so domestically they're unraveling
all these great things we had about
protecting the environment and you know
keeping our food safe just basic things
that call regulations and they give them
a bad rap and overseas or just you know
thumbing their nose at all of our
friends and allies and people who want
to work with us and instead just making
building relationships with rogue
assassin
apparently yeah yeah well people
attacking the media both at home and
abroad as we're about to tell you guys
and a little bit later in the program
and by the way also at Politico on two
panels what's next for liberals and bomb
bomb bomb Iran
I assume you're in the anti bombing I
prefer not to start with bombing people
that's how I roll well so bill crystals
at pollute accounted a bunch of panels
on and on a panel with Anna is here and
we were just on a panel on CNN together
to where we really agreed that's how bad
the Saudis are oh he and I were when we
are spectrums apart when it comes to
foreign policy and just politics but
we're like no yeah this is actually
really horrible and bad for America yeah
that's the beauty of the Trump
administration it's bringing us all
together
don't worry on that panel you guys will
be back to disagree and I think actually
the what's next for liberals I think
Sally Cohen is on that as well who was
on yesterday's episode of the damage
report which you should download in
podcast form on iTunes or Android and
I'm also gonna do another one they
decided me into called Muslims and
miniskirts I'm not wearing a miniskirt
right now under this table I may or may
not tomorrow will say interesting they
did not invite me to that one now so by
the way in the second hour roll in
Martin so that's gonna be great as well
and I should give you a plug on Politico
since we just talked about it how to get
tickets because we're doing some sort of
giveaway it's important here we go
tea y-t-dot-com / politican and you sign
up to get for a chance to win tickets to
pilota con which would be pretty neat
and i will be debating tucker carlson
there so ought to be interesting by the
way sort of last-minute thing I might be
doing a panel at oh is that right I'm
talking to someone I'm not sure if I
want to open just because particular
situation it might happen miniskirts one
I feel like to Johnny be awesome
actually I remember us so I II I did a
little bit of studying in Egypt and at
some of the universities they had old
photos of like like some of the
administrators who went to school in
Egypt back in the 70s and they show and
they've they've got long hair and
miniskirts everything like that now
obviously things have changed so much so
that's some of the conversation is is if
they what's perception what's reality
how do everyday Muslims really kind of
sort of look yeah yeah let's just note
the humble brag that just happened and
we can move forward that's okay okay
anyways seventeen days before the
election don't forget to vote
you got a vote I know we got to get the
stories and I I'm gonna tell you the
little bit later story I'm Beto did he
apologize one more time alright anyways
but I read something this morning three
things that are discouraging about the
state of the vote and two that are very
encouraging so three are unfortunately
in early voting young people are not
voting nearly in the numbers that were
expected or needed for Democrats to gain
control Latinos also not voting the
numbers that were hoped for the
Republicans lack of energy not happening
they are still fully energized ok those
all three of those are pretty bad but on
the upside Democratic energy in early
voting and and just about every other
metric is literally record-breaking so
never been this high and so and when you
combine primary voting special election
voting and early voting it appears that
the wave is coming so but you got to
show up brothers and sisters if you
don't the Republicans always show up I
mean you got to give them that when it
comes to the vote they always deliver so
the only there's a lot more Democrats in
the country open vote that's the main
thing
all right that's my public service
announcement for the day later we'll
give you a senator boat in that cruise
or Roarke thing but I will show you that
again and we'll tell you where how many
how much you guys funded it that's a
little bit later in the program all
right John okay let's turn to more
awesome news
it is campaign season so Donald Trump as
he's been doing a lot of recently went
to Montana to hold a rally for himself
but while he was talking about himself
he also briefly mentioned the
congressman in that area who needed his
help and that is a Greg Jian Forte now
if you remember Gian Forte it's probably
because just days before his special
election he violently assaulted a report
apparently Donald Trump remembers him
for that same thing as you'll see in
this clip
never wrestle him you understand that
never any guy that you do a body slam
he's Mike
my god
I shouldn't say that you're not but
there's nothing to be embarrassed so I
was in Rome with a lot of the leaders
from other countries talking about all
sorts of things and I heard about it and
we endorsed Greg very early but I had
heard that he body slammed a reporter
and he was way up and he was way up and
I said this was like they of the
election or just before and I said oh
this is terrible he's gonna lose the
election then I said well wait a minute
I know Montana pretty well I think it
might help him and it did that's awesome
okay so I am gonna come at this from it
probably a different point of view than
all other pundits and so everybody's
shocked and chagrined for very
understandable reasons that we'll all
get into I want to note in the beginning
that it is actually not bad politics and
so that's the unacceptable part but you
got to know the reality in order to
adjust to it okay so and I have
literally told Democrats in Montana
progressives that are running that care
about my opinion don't ever call them
the body slammer because it's a good
school yes a compliment yes this is the
state that elected Jesse Ventura
to be their governor right a former
wrestler no that was Minnesota okay
Minnesota starts very similar to start
so no but yes it in in terms of populist
appeal Trump is the WWE president okay
they treat him like he's Hulk Hogan and
and I've explained this before that Jim
Acosta the CNN reporter in this case and
the crowd started looking at him when
Trump pointed to the press and and said
you know when as he was saying you know
about the bodyslam et cetera and punchy
people started doing this to Jim Acosta
like we're gonna body slam you
apparently one guy did this and ran his
thumb across his throat but in a lot of
these rallies afterwards they go up to
Acosta and ask for his autograph so why
then world do they do that because he's
a heel it's a soap opera if they do its
WWE and so yeah and and and that's why
look first certainly for Republican
voters I don't think it it plays poorly
okay and for a lot of independents the
most important these independence right
so that's why I counseled people to
don't call him a body slammer call him
the criminal Gian Forte is he is is it
now he's he pled guilty is a convicted
criminal for assaulting a reporter I
test your preference now let's talk
about how terrible it is that you're
encouraging violence against reporters
because it's not actually WWE it's the
real world where the Israel Islands like
for example a reporter was just
dismembered and beheaded I mean of all
the times to celebrate a political
figure physically assaulting a reporter
he has no sense at all or right after
Khashoggi to go and celebrate assaulting
reporters is unreal and it's not that
long ago that someone went into the
Capitol Gazette newsroom and gunned down
multiple reporters like it's one thing
like yes maybe some of the fans see him
as a heel but there's other people who
like Donald Trump and like his politics
and think every once in a while about
murdering journalists in America and it
scares me that he gets so much cover
like Fox News is gonna love that I agree
totally it's great politically if he
told them that they should go out and
kill libs that would be pretty good for
him politically to probably I don't
think that there's any bottom level to
this it's just terrible that this is
where we've gotten to and that there are
so many people providing cover for him
well give him bread and give him
services right this is this is what it's
doing he is giving them exactly what
feels good in the moment and you know it
feels good to start a fight I guess or
to pick a fight with somebody and maybe
it feels good to be a bully for the near
term but it's not a great long-term
strategy for I don't know actually
building a civilization that's going to
work well in the future yeah yeah and
then of course you see the ridiculous
hypocrisy both from individuals and from
his side generally so Eric Trump went
you know I think a two-day period from
saying Eric Holder saying when they go
low we kick them that is just uncivil
and that is what is wrong with America
my dad saying the body setting is
awesome people don't want someone who's
gonna carefully just deliver their
talking points I want someone real and
there's no inconsistency between those
he says specifically and then in general
what are you getting from the right
these days the left wing is a violent
mob they are coming for you they're
violent out of control isn't it awesome
when our guy body slammed a journal
isn't that great isn't it great when the
proud boys roam through the streets of
New York beating people isn't great when
the prayer Patriots stalked sniper
rifles on the top of parking structures
before protests isn't that awesome
against that those left wings man
they're real mob the real danger is
coming for you they're nerds who deserve
to get beaten up because the same time
they're too intellectual
right there's so much about things yeah
so what a ridiculous country we live in
I I know and what drives me crazy is not
the right-wing hypocrisy I'm enormous
Lee used to it
and look they don't live in the
fact-based world so then they can have
any fantasy they like and so for you and
I it might seem irrational to think well
how could you call the protesters just
protesters who were loud with their
voices in the Cavanaugh situation a mob
but celebrate violence that your side
does literally like I mean they were to
saw there the video they're cheering
like people insulted the left's a mob so
to us that makes no sense
to the right wing just for all of you
out there who are progressives or
rational people you gotta let go you
gotta let go of trying to figure them
out there is no figuring them out they
just don't mind holding two different
thoughts at the same time they don't
mind being hypocrites and they don't
care to be fair to you you're constantly
trying to figure out how to be fair to
them and wait that doesn't make sense
they don't care about fairness that's
not their game their game is we punch
you in the face and if you bother to
speak back to us mob mob let's go for
them and why do they save mob one they
want they live in a fear-based world and
they want their voters to vote based out
of fear and two they believe in fascism
so at some point if you ever do anything
back to them great lock them all up put
them away and said easy ready-made
excuse it's how they want to handle law
and order in the United States too it's
it's all part and parcel the same like
well it's it's fine to arrest people
unless you're coming after me but they
want to be in that position of power to
be able to do that right is transparency
does not play well for them and
transparency whether it's body cams or
transparency of reporters it's never
going to be something that they're in
favor of no matter how much of a
principle
democracy it is yeah but to finish the
thought but what drives me crazy is the
press because alright I get the right
wing I understand though I think better
than most folks certainly don't do this
for a loving but apparently everybody in
the mainstream media does not understand
them think you think no no it's 50/50
it's 50/50 we're gonna put out there
talking points so we're gonna put out
the other side and we're gonna let you
decide no no there is no let you decide
give us the facts not fifty-fifty if the
facts are not 50/50 don't call it 50/50
if the Lakers won and then the Celtics
lost
don't say the Celtics say they won in
the Lakers say they won right well oh
one who's right who is actually in favor
of assault I mean after this it is
astoundingly clear no one should ever
write in an article or say on television
again both sides do it no one side ran
over somebody and murdered them in
Charlottesville this guy celebrated by
saying there are very fine people on
that side he's told people to punch
people out and and it is rallies he's
now celebrating the assault of a
reporter
the next time any right winger ever says
mob on television every single anchor is
obliged to correct the record and say no
your president is in favor of violence
he celebrates violence but they never do
they never do is that I'll tell you why
because they're afraid of Republican
voters I mean they're also afraid of
Republican politicians they're also
afraid of Republican pundits but my god
if I offend my Republican voters they by
not watching they're not watching you
anyway they're already at Fox News and
that's not how you're supposed to run an
organization in space then reporting in
journalism you're supposed to actually
care about the truth and not worry about
your ratings yeah
and yet the New York Times did like a
write-up of the the prog boys guy so we
got on the show yesterday john and anna
and i was very animated about it the new
york times that a terrible terrible job
of covering gavin McGinnis the founder
of the probe proud boys they said that
he hid was like nerd chic or something
like what he lured and we ran a video
over a min
long of him saying over a dozen times
I'm in favor of violence and talking
about shooting people choking people and
it was not a joke and it was not
anything it was straight up I want
violence by the way you know that the
reason he's in the news is because they
went and he gave a speech in New York
and a respectable Republican Club in New
York they said oh well the founder of
the or the president of the club said no
it was all civil discourse
you know what the speech was about
celebrating the murder of a socialist in
Japan by a fascist
they even reenacted it they reenacted
the the murderer of a socialist by a
fascist and they the Republican Party in
New York celebrated that with Gavin
McGinnis on both sides do it are you
kidding me it is massively
disproportionate the right-wing believes
in violence so I you know it's ironic
here cuz he attacks the press physically
and what do they do I'm now criticizing
the press and and there's a giant
difference and by the way they will call
that even I don't want you assaulted
what you're perfectly safe but I want
you to do your job he doesn't want you
to do your job every time you call it
50/50 you aid and abet Donald Trump in
his attacks on the truth and on
journalism it's stuff like this that
really worries me the unilateral
surrender on our part on issues like
this and not just with that profile but
any I mean how many different profiles
of like you white supremacists are just
like you and me you know they're like
like mayonnaise let's take these people
who are the outliers of civilization
that we really don't want to promote and
let's humanize them yeah like we're not
humanizing any of the other people that
are in trouble in this country right now
right like there's no way that a Black
Panther movement would have gotten that
kind of coverage from the New York Times
oh yeah absolutely no way and and by the
way last thing you know why geom forty
body slammed him in the first place
because the reporter for The Guardian
Ben Jacobs had he done something
outrageous had he asked him about his
personal life and he said something
offensive no he asked him about a CBO
score
it they had scored the health care bill
that the Republicans were planning on
passing and it said that yes it would
take away it coverage for pre-existing
conditions now G of 40 was assiduously
avoiding that question throughout the
campaign because he was gonna vote with
the Republicans in fact he was caught on
tape telling donors of course I'm gonna
vote with the Republicans and take away
health care from my citizens but he
didn't want to say it before the
election because people like health care
they want to be able to have health care
right so since the reporter asked him a
great substantive question that he
didn't want to answer he's like oh I got
a great idea instead of getting in
trouble by letting people know that I'm
gonna rob them of their health insurance
and they're gonna die if they vote for
me instead I'll do more violence and
I'll just buy say I'm the guy and nobody
will ever ask me about health care
anymore cuz now we'll be talking about
how I'm a body slammer and that probably
will help me so every time you forget
why the the question was asked in the
first place and why he committed that
criminal act against that reporter in a
sense they win and and never forget that
he did the violence in the first place
cuz geo forty is an animal who doesn't
know how to think and can't debate or
answer questions like a human and
resorts of violence like an animal does
am i clear enough I don't think I called
it fifty-fifty we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash join today
in the meantime enjoy this free second
last night better or or participated in
a CNN Town Hall and he was asked about
Ted Cruz's recent attempts to paint him
as a far left extremist for one
particular reason because of his support
for impeaching Donald Trump he was asked
to follow up on that and here is what he
said there may be an open question as to
whether the president then the candidate
sought to collude with the Russian
government in 2016 but to quote George
will very conservative columnist when we
saw him on that stage in Helsinki
defending Vladimir Putin the head of the
country that attacked our democracy in
2016 instead of this country and its
citizens and this amazing democracy that
was collusion in action you may have
wondered when he fired James Comey the
principal investigator into what
happened in that election whether that
was an attempt to obstruct justice but
win by broad daylight on Twitter he
asked his attorney general Jeff Sessions
to end the Russian investigation I would
say that's obstruction in action
ultimately however Danna this is a
political question a Republican
colleague of mine in the house will have
to come before an audience like this and
explain to her constituents or his
constituents how they just voted to
impeach the president of their own party
how they put their country ahead of
their career or their next election or
the politics of the moment the best
course to get there so that every member
has all the facts and that they are
compelling enough to do the right thing
is to allow the full independence and
integrity of the Bob Muller
investigation already said even though
that's not done that you would vote to
impeach and so according to the
Constitution that means that the
president has committed the crime of
treason bribery or a high crime and
misdemeanor which one of those do you
think the president has committed I
would like in impeachment to an
indictment there is enough there to
proceed with the trial for a full
vetting of the facts so I thought that
he had a really good response there
seems reasonable if you've been paying
attention to what's been going on what's
interesting of course is that his
initial comments that led to Ted Cruz
bringing it up at the debate a few days
ago and now this fault in both cases he
didn't bring it up so Dana Bash of
course obviously coming from a similar
side as as Ted Cruz like they are trying
to get him to talk about it I think that
he sounds quite reasonable but again
this is not something that he is like
personally trying to campaign on yeah I
like that answer that I thought that was
strong and when I read the headline and
they just had one quote about how the
indictment quote that you guys just saw
I was worried that he didn't back it up
with facts but he did you know when you
when I watch the video you guys all just
saw he explained it to me the most
compelling part of it and by the way I
don't know how I would vote on
impeachment if I was in Congress now I'm
curious what you guys think so I look
there's all these things where he's
violated the emoluments clause and he
has all these conflicts of interest all
across the world I think that's a
legitimate issue you see trying to
profit from from the office but battles
reasoning is I think perfectly sound
which is it is an indictment it's not a
conviction or the prison it's not
throwing them out of office to impeach
him the House impeaches the Senate
convicts and you need 2/3 the Senate to
convict and so you have enough evidence
well he fired James Comey and said on
national television I fired him because
of the in Russia investigation well if
you fire the guy investigating you that
is by definition obstruction of justice
so I'm very curious what Muller has but
we all saw the obstruction with our own
eyes then he said Jeff Sessions I want
to fire him because he didn't recuse it
and because he recused himself from the
case I wanted him to end a Russia
investigation well that's two times he
admitted publicly that he wanted to
obstruct justice so is that enough to
indict him in essence by impeaching him
in the house yeah perfectly good
argument to make on that so I don't
think this is an outrageous thing I
think that they should defend that even
more well that's that's Congress's basic
function its oversight of the executive
branch do the oversight look into these
things stop burying them stop dismissing
the reports actually do your job that's
I think that is a very reasonable things
for Democrats to get behind of why they
need to take back the house I do think
that Ted Cruz they're trying to have
higher Republican registration you know
they see Donald Trump as their guy so
when they try to get a Democrat to say I
want to impeach Trump like look see they
hate us they're after us they're trying
to play the emotional game and I like
Patos answer is I know this is part of a
bigger legal process and part of what
our job is supposed to be in Congress
yeah I agree strategically because if
you if you listen to him at you know his
own events at the Town Hall generally at
the debate with Ted Cruz I mean he is
talking about a laundry list of
different issues that affect generally
economically a Texans across Texas that
is what he wants to actually campaign on
I also would vote though but I would I
would probably do it for the monuments I
think that very often including up to
right now with Saudi Arabia his own
personal financial interest is driving
US policy and that is completely
unacceptable since we're all pretending
we're in Congress I would demand that he
releases tax records right it shouldn't
take a private newspaper to be getting
all this information out there about
what his legal liabilities and what its
financial liabilities are that's
something he should have been able to
release and the IRS should have done
that a long time ago
the good news is if the polls are
anywhere near right the Democrats will
regain the house and when they do they
can get his tax records so tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick
I don't even tick tick tick it's not
guaranteed that it's gonna happen all
right let's help us if it doesn't happen
I hear you hey listen don't get me wrong
vote and get this shirt a shock to you i
t-dot-com okay turn now to yeah one more
quick second on the impeachment look the
Democrats run away from the issue
because they're afraid it's gonna
energize Republican voters everything
energizes Republican voters stop
panicking about that what so since you
run away from the issue what it what it
does is it never allows you to explain
why you would be in favor of impeachment
and the things that Donald Trump is done
wrong that's why I love that answer by
Beto because for the first time I don't
know if it's the first time but one of
the very few times on television you had
a Democrat clearly explain obstruction
of justice and what and that wha how
that's a crime and Donald Trump has
committed that crime you almost never
hear that case because the Republic's
have Democrats are afraid of their own
shadow and and have basically ran away
from that issue
you also don't hear about it because Fox
News has been covering that Caravan for
the past 48 hours basically okay let's
turn to another issue in the last debate
against Ted Cruz better will Roarke
actually called him lying Ted something
he had avoided doing previously despite
it being teed up for him by the
president
in the last Republican primary he was
asked about that at last night's Town
Hall and he seemed to backtrack just a
little I decided that I could either
spend the rest of the debate responding
to every single dishonest thing that he
said or I could make sure that everyone
understood exactly what he's doing I
said look he's dishonest it's one of the
reasons that he got tagged with this
nickname and that that nickname
resonates because it's true but I got to
tell you it's it's not something that
that I feel totally comfortable with and
perhaps in the heat of the moment I took
a step too far
you know that I don't I I don't know
that that's that's the way that I want
to be talking in this campaign so that
really seems to buttress what you would
say earlier about it just doesn't
necessarily have it in him been said
that on the damage for this week yeah
now I hate that answer that's
backtracking and that's apologizing and
that shows terrible weakness so I loved
his impeachment answer he is incredibly
strong on some of the policy issues most
of the policy issues and and he's a
million times better than Ted Cruz but
our job is to call it like it is and and
that's to me is a terrible answer why is
everyone so afraid of calling these
people Liars right now you don't see it
in headlines you don't see it in
reporting it's if it's not a fact it's a
lie I mean it's one or the other which
one is it
why is it so why is it just emotionally
no difficult that's a great question and
I think I had the answer which is that
in Washington the number one rule is you
must be civil to everyone else in the
elite now and that's a mistake that the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia made
because khashoggi by being a Washington
Post columnist became part of the u.s.
elite as he lived in Virginia so
dismembering and and and beheading
people well Saturday really does that
fairly routinely all the time
yes and no one cares in Yemen they've
butchered civilians thousands upon
thousands of civilians no one cares you
do to the elite whoa oh you got a
problem but it's not just I mean what
they did to him obviously was as
extremists against a simple insult to
the elite is considered on television
and in the media to be a for
greater offense than any killing of
civilians abroad or anything along those
lines so lying saying that someone has
miscommunicated okay baby feel really on
the edge prevaricated hey misled right
was lying obsequious right but lying it
implies intent bad intent and then which
is exactly what Ted Cruz has oh that's
the why you should say and guess what
voters prefer what you you being honest
about it and call it like it is
what is what much rather have you say
the Ted Cruz is a liar then apologize
for tour called prevarication I mean
come on man don't live in the Beltway so
in the in the debate he did call him a
liar that was good but the second part
of his problem with his answer right
there was that no you actually should
have backed it up throughout the debate
he said I didn't want to keep talking
about it throughout the debate why
you're in a debate with him we we
covered the debate live for our members
right TYT calm /join to become a member
and get all those play-by-play analysis
whenever those things are happening
Kavanaugh hearings this etc and during
that coverage John and I were talking
about and Anna hey look he just lied
again please counter him show how it
wasn't true and better kept pulling his
punches pulling his punches and and here
he is again pulling his punches a
terrible idea
and it's not gonna play well in Texas it
may play well in Washington DC or
they're like oh that was a very good
polite answer but Texans aren't known
for one of Poehler punches exactly I
don't want someone to represent them
that whole survive and that that's what
scares me a little bit about Beto's
popularity with everyone else and I love
seeing bado signs in the most random
parts of the country but he's got to
turnout texts and voters and Texan
voters unfortunately are not registered
in the numbers and don't turn out
they're actually the lowest voting
participation rate in the country it's
Texas so let me show you the ad we're
running in case you ever seen it yet
because Beddoes not gonna run this ad so
we decided we're gonna do it and you
guys are helping fund it and I'm gonna
show you how much you guys have given so
far and how much we've shown it to
people in Texas so far but here's the ad
that we're running yes Ted Cruz this is
Ted
Kruse that's him phone banking for
Donald Trump after Trump called his wife
ugly look at him what kind of a man does
that oh yeah Trump also said his father
was probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned by
him you're looking at the saddest man in
America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic see
that's how you run an ad in Texas do we
know who took that photo
cuz that person is one of the unsung
American heroes yeah indeed so t
y-t-dot-com slash Cruz to donate to that
so let's look at the thermometer and see
how much you guys have already given
we've already started running the ads in
Texas by the way I'm gonna tell you
about that in a second you've given
twenty thousand nine hundred fifty three
dollars so far twenty thousand I said
was originally the goal was ten then it
was twenty now it's what do you five
let's keep it going
let's make it a million okay however
much it takes because ten thousand is
going on Facebook digitalize only in
Texas ten thousands going to youtube ads
in Texas and so far we spent less than a
thousand dollars
warming up trying to figuring out out it
get it to the right demographics in
Texas etc and already reached a hundred
and ninety thousand people okay so
assuming that's about a thousand bucks
and we're gonna spend about ten thousand
bucks in on Facebook that's about two
million people who could reach now bad
on Facebook alone and then you've got
YouTube so you're helping reach millions
of people in Texas with that ad so and
and and one of our viewers put it in a
great way he said look some liberals
look at that ad and they get
uncomfortable because that's not what
liberals like to hear like words like
unmanned etc but this isn't for liberals
this is for independence in Texas and
and they need to understand the problem
of Ted Cruz isn't just that he's a bad
guy that he's weak and pathetic and if
they don't respect him they won't vote
for him and no reason to respect him all
they got to know is the reality and when
you remind him Donald Trump said his
wife was ugly and then he wouldn't kiss
Donald Trump's ass so well you want to
turn to uh some breaking news
yes okay relatively fast
Saudi Arabia has confirmed that Jamal K
Shoji was actually killed that day in
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul
according to Saudi state TV we have some
more updates about what they are
apparently doing about it the Saudis
have apparently set up a commission that
is going to investigate his death and
they have given themselves one month to
make a report about it they have
detained 18 Saudi nationals and they
also have an explanation as how that as
to how the death actually happened they
are saying that he met with some of
these people in the consulate there was
a quarrel and a physical altercation
that led to his death so reading between
the lines they are apparently stating
that Jamal picked a fight with this team
of 15 Saudi nationals that was
dispatched from Saudi Arabia to Istanbul
and it was some sort of coincidental
unfortunate death that happened this to
me and this is just the initial
reporting I will admit that it seems
ridiculous the timeline they have given
themselves to figure out what happened
is insane but I will make a prediction
this feels to me like more than enough
cover for Donald Trump to do absolutely
nothing about this the whole point was
to do nothing about it there was almost
never any chance that they were going to
in hold the Saudis accountable I mean
how many times Donald Trump said oh they
gave us 110 billion dollars and then
first of all of course it's not true
it's 14 and a half billion big surprise
the Donald Trump was done in truth pat
robertson said on TV the other day
what's one person's life compared to all
that money I'm sure that's the same
thing Jesus would have said what a good
Christian he is and and so now Trump's
gonna go around that's it we asked them
to for accountability
they arrested at random 18 people who
will be scapegoated in Saudi Arabia now
and now their life is in danger and most
of them are probably had nothing to do
with this were in fact they're probably
enemies of the current leadership and
they're gonna use it as an opportunity
to probably kill them too
oh yeah the crown prince when he first
showed up on the scene as the Crown
Prince decided to arrest behead kill or
exile anybody else who possibly could
have been a threat to his power and so
now what he's doing he's going to throw
under the bus his head
security for mucking all of this up
that's that that's the accountabilities
gonna happen is the person he relied on
to execute this is now the one he's
gonna throw under the bus which sounds
very trumpian to me right this is
exactly this is what Donald Trump would
do you are useful until you're not
there's no sense of loyalty and as long
as you have the business relationship
that will trump anything else yeah no I
took the words right out of my mouth
it's exactly what Trump would do he get
you to do something stupid then turn
around and yell at you Oh dog well what
did you do so just stupid thing I tell
Julie I maybe go make the ridiculous
defenses that's gonna get him in bigger
trouble they yell at him afterwards it's
it's his MO he does it almost every time
let's talk about who else he praises in
the world right I mean what I really
think that this is what he's telling us
he would like to be it's not just about
the military parade that he saw in North
Korea that he wants to see down
Pennsylvania Avenue he likes the idea
that the head of the President of the
Philippines Duterte is able to go out
and just kill people by calling them
drug workers like drug dealers that's it
you just come he likes the idea that
somebody is rioting against your you and
your rulership not the country right
like Ashoka was writing great things
about what Saudi people are capable of
that if somebody says something against
your rule rogue assassins can come and
dismember you I think this is all
signals of the kind of country that
Donald Trump would like to see yeah is
there such a thing as a rogue assassin
it's the same thing as a person who
rolls in with a chain saw his back up
yeah
and so let's and let's come back around
to the central acclaim here in this
breaking news event that that there was
an altercation that went awry okay as if
khashoggi decided that he would take on
a group of 15 assassins and then while
getting a marriage registration
documentation produced yeah where does
fiancee waiting outside
yeah and that those assassins happen to
come armed with a bone saw but like in
case Beca that's not in case while we're
giving a marriage license to this guy
there's an he decides to try to kill all
15 of us and we decide to kill him in
self-defense maybe we should have a bone
saw handy to dismember him afterwards
this and this report right like how much
bull is that gonna be
have a month to come up with whatever
fancy words they want and it's going I
mean the investigation didn't even start
until they'd already cleaned up all the
blood in the place so this is like this
is classic Washington elite speak let's
let's do a working group and get to the
bottom of this let's get a report and
really figure this out this is
frustrating for a lot of reasons I mean
first of all this is definitely going to
lead to desperate surround the world
killing more journalists because we will
not respond in any way we won't do
anything I mean all the politicians
who've been doing great work trying to
put pressure on the administration to
cut those arms deals Bernie Sanders
calling for pulling out of support for
Saudis war in Yemen that will not come
to pass because Donald Trump has all the
power in this so more journalists will
be killed I mean he already he didn't
care when bomber dissidents and
journalists and just like the defending
freedom of press and expression right
which is still something that the rest
of the world doesn't do well in general
it's a signal he's sending to everybody
of you just do whatever you want in your
backyard you can kill people you can run
things however you want you can have the
Russians invading your country the
United States wants a bit of your money
but that's it we don't really have any
under under Trump we don't have any
broader goals of what the world should
look like and he's in complete denial
about the fact that we are
interconnected in a global society and
one of the most frustrating things is
this is ridiculous the Fox News cover on
this is going to be ridiculous and it is
going to be the most convincing thing
that has ever been said to Trump
supporters they will eat this up
yeah Jamaal went in there and he
attacked the entire consulate he went in
swinging and they had to kill the worse
it's gonna be even worse it's like well
he brought some bad things about his
ruler sorry he's a savvy citizen
tough luck that's what happens he is
amazing though what he has been able to
get these supposed concert' like they
they now think Lattimer Putin is a
leader to look up to Saudi Arabia is
awesome so they simultaneously they hate
Muslims more than anything in the world
and Saudi Arabia's that's the place to
be the most fundamentalist Muslim
government in the world extremist yeah
yeah yeah and they believe that yeah
they're awesome
they they they they they gave passports
and they have the nationalities of 11 of
the 9/11 hijackers all right like the
thing that made America hate the Muslim
world Saudi was
indirectly if not directly responsible
for that yet
as long as Donald Trump says they're
cool and he's got a hotel in Riyadh
everything's good yeah now a note is
going around and we told you this ahead
of time
I said look sad Arabia it's not just
their arms deal it's not just the oil
they have a alliance between us
satoru Rabia and Israel against Iran and
the Shia Muslims in the region okay that
Alliance is unbreakable they're gonna
cover this up no matter what in fact
they will soon start attacking Khashoggi
that's what we said when this story
happened and not only did they have they
started attacking khashoggi as we told
you yesterday on the show guy on CR TV
started calling them a radical Islamist
and they're like remember khashoggi is
Muslim what do we care right that's
basically the essence of it and all
Muslims are terrorists except Saudi
Arabia which actually does do the
terrorism they're not terrorists okay
innocent Muslims or dismembered and
beheaded they are terrorists teni said
he's a terrorist sympathizer he's
against Israel wink wink all that stuff
happened now today there's a new story
about house the House GOP is sending out
talking points about how it was
khashoggi sports that he had it coming
okay so you guys are absolutely right
the conclusion of this is twofold one we
just sent a note to all the dictators
and dictator wannabes throughout the
world
it's okay kill anyone you like as long
as we get paid when we don't care at all
and the second note is to the
Conservatives at home Muslims are
terrible except the worst most extreme
terrorist funding fundamentalist Muslims
in the world
they're awesome the ones that just
beheaded someone remember what you said
about Isis and all the reasons you hate
Muslims hey dobe they just beheaded
khashoggi they cut his fingers like me
what he was alive and now you're
applauding it because your dear orange
leader told you to that's how about the
saddest thing I've ever seen
so enjoy being as pathetic as you are
there's like a 15 percent chance he will
mime the torture and murder of Jamal at
a rally at some point
Oh God we're not objecting to that says
something like oh why objection it know
that we actually see that this is recent
let the s that actually could happen in
our current reality yeah right it is
like if someone suggested that an
earlier administered Obama what are the
odds actually yeah very high yeah give
me odds I'll bet on it okay please
please vote I know
vote vote
