wait did he just yeah he just said that
yeah but you have no idea why people say
black lives matter or kneel and protest
right what were they protesting again
Luke can you even remember wrong people
no but they would just rather the flight
to avoid facing the unimaginable reality
that they know what's happening in this
country
but just don't care enough because it's
not happening to them thank you white
folks want to be treated the way blacks
are in this society stand that says very
plainly that you know what's happening
you know you don't want it for you I
want to know why you're so willing to
accept it or to allow it to happen for
others this video surfaced last week of
a man in Florida being tackled by police
and then screaming this out since this
bizarre instance there has been
confusion about what really happened the
man reportedly came out afterwards to
say the scene was staged in a deliberate
attempt to shed light on police
brutality and while I don't buy it if
that is to be true my response would be
did you get tased
did you get beaten did you get shot if
not then I don't think you're being
treated like a black person maybe but
regardless will this man was carrying
out some bizarre social experiment the
reality remains that the majority of
people in this country are actually
familiar and well aware of the issue
that black lives matter have sought to
highlight but prefer to avoid
discussions around it then discuss it
because no one watching that video had
any question of exactly what he meant by
saying you're treating me like a black
person even police also know what people
are protesting yet it is still routine
for conservatives to pretend majors
don't know what all the fuss is about
well it just so happens that another
reminder has poked its head this weekend
police tased an unarmed non-violent
black man in Detroit all while he was
holding a baby
so no mr. social experiment guy you can
yell scream and be combative while being
arrested but you still won't receive any
mm a haymakers or a tasing but if you're
black non-combative and holding an
infant well then you are still subject
to the full force of what the lock in
the shell and to take it even further
you can commit unimaginable atrocities
in the form of mass murder and still be
given kid-glove treatment a treatment
that is apparently off the table when
the person in law enforcement cites is
someone of color but after all this the
question remains why even after
presented with facts the people in this
country prefer to look the other way
avoid the situation until it pokes his
head in a bizzare predicament so allow
me to recycle the words from my favorite
author James Baldwin the reason people
cling to their hate so stubbornly is
because once hate is gone they will have
to deal with pain it's a lot easier to
pretend that this situation doesn't
exist or it's traumatized or even made
up then it is to understand the
complexity of your privilege to realize
that even if you kick and scream and
punch your way through a supposed social
experiment you will most likely still
come out the other side relatively free
from harm but you can be black calm and
compliant but still be subject to this
pathology if you know what's going on
then speak up call Police Department's
and demand their officials be held
accountable because your voice is
powerful but only if you choose to use
it want to see more videos like this
then subscribe to the TYT channel below
and don't forget to become a TYT member
get access for as little as $4.99 a
month download the TYT Plus app on your
phone or head over to TYT comm slash
join today
