all right thank you guys I really really
appreciate it what I appreciate most of
all is how 41 states are represented
here and how you all flew out and I know
that there's a lot of organizations that
have secret money big money we have none
of that right and so we're asking to do
extraordinary things we're asking you to
spend your weekends and you're week days
out there volunteering and we asked you
to come here on your own dime I mean
that's that's crazy we asked you to use
up your vacations to do this whether
it's coming out here or sometimes you
fly to a different state that has a a
hot you know possibility a resolution
that might pass and and I've seen people
give up their whole vacations for the
whole year and and you know how hard it
is that out there and maybe people in
Washington New York don't know but to
use up that valuable time on you know
low wages etc to come and fight for your
country it's amazing and and I stand in
all of you and
and I've you know I've told some of
these stories before but you know I've
seen the volunteers who were so afraid
to speak to others let alone legislators
get beyond that fear yes stutter a
little bit
yes pause a lot but they fought through
that the courage it takes a fight
through that I saw a volunteer who had a
broken back who was making phone calls
from the hospital to their legislators
we've seen it in the snow and the rain
and the shine and and Mike's right when
we walked in the snow with with Larry
Lessig who I think is an absolute
American Hero
I thought it was a cold that was gonna
do it but no it was the it was the
walking yeah it's and we've and we've
done so much together and and I know
that all of you in this room are genuine
because you know we we have very very
little money and so the overwhelming
majority of you are just volunteers and
and you do it for love of country and it
reminds me of of a Republican
legislature who gave a speech in one of
the states that we won in and she said
that she lost her son in Iraq and and he
was fighting for freedom she believed
and it's the least we could do to fight
for freedom here at home and so you know
they we all make room for veterans on
airplanes and we honor them with things
we decals we put on our cars and so many
other things that we do to honor
veterans and and that's great and
they've sacrificed so much and for this
country but we've been in Afghanistan
for 17 years did that help any of your
freedom did you gain an ounce of extra
freedom here in America from that war in
Afghanistan I know the defense
contractors gained a lot I know they
gained billions upon billions upon
billions of dollars I know the
instability that
we had because the Iraq war also gained
billions of dollars for the oil
companies but did we gain any extra
freedom but the work we do here and some
of you are also veterans that actually
is about our freedom it's actually about
our democracy that has been ripped from
us stolen from us so sometimes I speak
in stark language and it bothers people
who are in that elite they said no you
shouldn't be that loud you shouldn't be
that angry but if you notice what's
happening in this country and you're not
angry I don't know that that's a point
of pride for you
and so but we always do it politically
you know that and we and we do it in the
most American way possible
with Americans like yourselves going and
volunteering at all these different
state houses and talking to your
legislators and showing up I remember in
New Jersey hundreds of people showed up
and and the state legislators were blown
away and they had never seen anything
like that there was actually one other
group that showed up it was the Koch
brothers they had sent their lobbyists
in and they were overwhelmed there were
so many of us that they were practically
laughed out of the room so that's what
democracy is supposed to look like and
that's how we get it back but a lot of
the elites and unfortunately a lot of
the people in the media they pretend as
if we don't have that problem as if we
have a democracy but we already know
that it's gone you have seen the the
Princeton study I'm going to talk about
it in a second and show it to you in
greater detail public policy has zero
public opinion has zero effect on public
policy that is not a democracy so are
they happy about that
are they indifferent about that well I
don't know about them but I'm angry
about it and I know you are okay that
doesn't mean that we act in angry ways
it means that we put that energy into
doing things the right way politically
constitutionally legally okay so look I
get frustrated at at conservatives often
times than anybody who watches the show
knows that and
part of the reason is that they
misdirect that legitimate frustration
towards people with no power yeah you
know they remember what Trent was
talking about during the campaign and
there was a lot of truth in that and I
know some Democrats will get really mad
at me saying that but there is a swamp
in Washington if he actually meant that
he was gonna drain the swamp I would be
in favor of that unfortunately his
actions show otherwise but and he talked
about the rigged system and a lot of
conservatives did and a lot of
progressives talked about a rigged
system you know why cuz the system is
rigged it is rigged and I'm going to
show you how they rigged it in a second
but the people in Washington and the
people on television tell you pretty
little lies that it is not rigged and
that the elite don't rule this country
that the donors are not the people who
decide what happens in government that
is a laughable proposition everybody
knows that if you have private financing
of Elections these politicians will work
for private interests it is the most
obvious thing in the world bill moyers
has an excellent example he says imagine
you go a batter goes up to the plane he
says just hold on one second and he
hands ten thousand dollars to the umpire
and he says no wonder others in the
words of Justice Kennedy and Citizens
United not only is that not corrupt it
doesn't even give you the appearance of
corruption which maniac would believe
that no real American believes that and
that is what our donors do time and time
again except it's not ten thousand
dollars it is sometimes fifty million
dollars and they tell us there is no
appearance of corruption are you insane
so it's and it is bipartisan the
Clintons
I mean they have a personal wealth now
of one hundred and fifty million dollars
good for them I guess remember when they
built that giant business to get that
Ohno right they didn't they were just
politicians
remember when Bill Clinton came from
that elite family that already had 150
million dollars oh no that's right he
didn't they just got the money by being
politicians so there's something a
little off with that but that's not the
real problem the real problem in
Washington posted a good job here is in
in totality in the speeches they have
made the books they have written but
most importantly the campaign
contributions into the Clinton
Foundation I believe the number was
three billion dollars that the Clintons
had collected now do you think that the
government of Saudi Arabia gave it
because they really care about people's
human rights and that's why they gave to
the Clinton Foundation come on who is so
monumentally naive enough to believe
that do you think that multinational
corporations give to Democrats and
Republicans because they care about the
country they're literally by law not
allowed to care about the country they
have a fiduciary responsibility to make
every red cent possible that is why your
wages are so low and that is why they
buy every politician they can for any TV
pundit to say that these politicians who
accept millions of dollars in donations
are honorable people having a legitimate
debate about ideas is preposterous they
are bought they are corrupt the system
is rigged it is not rigged by some
nefarious forces that my friends on the
right talk about there is no cue there's
no V there's no other letter okay the
corruption is right in front of you to
the tune of billions of dollars people
give billions of dollars politicians do
exactly what they are told but Morning
Joe will tell you no how dare you
Lindsey Graham is an honorable gentleman
from South Carolina Lindsey Graham is an
honorable gentleman from the defense
contractors of America there isn't a war
that Lindsey Graham will not sign off on
and perhaps even a war within the
country as long as the defense
contractors that finances elections are
going to make a buck
so that goes for the Democratic side as
well
I mean again from the earlier to this
week of the DNC oh we're not going to
take fossil fuel money because it turns
out our baseless and want that our
voters don't want that it gives the
appearance of corruption that we're in
bed with the oil company and this week
they go dad just kidding
we are in bed with oil companies yes and
we will do exactly what we were told by
the oil companies that's what Tom Perez
said I was told over and over again hey
Jenkin don't don't be harsh on Tom Perez
it appears that they did terrible smear
campaign against keith ellison to make
sure that he was not the head of the DNC
but Tom Perez keith Ellison what
difference does it make they're all
honorable gentlemen now it makes a giant
difference though Obama's did not want
keith ellison under any and all
circumstances they smeared him they
attacked him and they put in their
puppet Tom Perez oh but he was did
something positive at the Labor
Department oh please I told you he'd
take their corporate money and he took
the corporate money over and over and
over again after he takes millions of
dollars you think that Exxon Mobil is
gonna give money to the Democrats why
because they want Medicare for all
because they really believe in the
Medicare the the priorities of
progressives in this country ExxonMobil
does come on let me ask you I'm and I
gotta be harsh about this who is stupid
enough to believe that so if you're not
that stupid what are you so if you go on
television over and over again and yes
by the way if you are the New York Times
and you keep saying that those are
honorable gentlemen and that they are
not influenced by their donors if you're
not stupid what are you I'm afraid that
you are institutionally corrupt it's not
that that particular writer in the New
York Times is a bad person or God bribe
no no no no no no there is no they they
don't need secret conspiracies so the
idea that the right wing has is the
media gets together and decide okay hey
what are we gonna make up today hey no
that's not how it works they just have
groupthink
so what do they do who they
cover the most politicians with the most
amount of money they said well that
makes them the most credible no that
makes them the most corrupt and what do
they do the New York Times and all of
them they reward that corruption by
saying that's the credible candidate
that is the legitimate candidate the
reality is Larry Lessig is right that is
a the candidate that won the green
primary they were the ones who were most
able to take and deliver for the
corporations and for the rich thing
about this one more thing before I
actually get to the slides
yeah so I was planning to have this to
be about a minute Mike we're going over
yeah I know we got beer coming up so
hold my beer so the first time you name
it
Raytheon ExxonMobil GM it doesn't matter
Starbucks what a company you siddur to
be a good guy or a bad guy doesn't
matter the first time that they give
money to a politician they're taking a
little bit of a chance maybe once they
give money to Bernie Sanders but they
didn't give it to him a second time
right because they have a fiduciary
responsibility to get a return on
investment if they don't they can be and
they will be and they should be fired so
don't worry about the first time they
give to a politician the second time
they give to a politicians that means
they got a return on investment so that
is corruption it is guaranteed they
think that we are barbarians at the gate
when we talk about that corruption in
that rigged system but what we're saying
is literally the most obvious things in
the world Noam Chomsky is right there is
a propaganda model and it is inflicted
upon this whole country so let me show
you what the reality is so and there are
good people on all sides that help in
this and the first set of numbers comes
from our friends that represent us so
they track 200 most politically active
companies okay between the years 2010
and 2015 and this is a great point that
they made okay so they're putting money
into campaign donations independent
expenditures lobbyists etc and so how
much money do they spend Wow my god they
spent 5.8 billion dollars now that is a
ton of money Anthony Kennedy the Supreme
Court everyone on television tells me
they did that for their health and for
your health because they care so much
about you that they just wanted to
finance your politicians to the tune of
5.8 billion dollars no actual American
believes that but now let's talk about
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait what did they
get in return because I hear and let's
pause here and some of my conservative
friends will not agree with this right I
hear that that public financing costs a
lot of money now I say hey if we do
private financing of Elections they're
gonna work for private interest they're
gonna work for the people who sign their
checks and every single American knows
that and that's why that pulls that 93
percent that Americans believe that they
represent their donors the politicians
do not their voters so so if we publicly
financed elections it costs a little bit
of money but what they never tell you is
how much money does it save so what did
they get in return for 5.8 billion
dollars to those politicians and this is
just the top 200 corporations it doesn't
include the Koch brothers or Soros or
Bloomberg or Sheldon Adelson it doesn't
include all other corporations what do
they get in return four point four
trillion dollars in taxpayer support now
that is return on investment the best
thing you could buy in America is an
American politician and they buy him by
the buckets
they bought almost all of them and what
do tell what do the people on television
tell you pretty little lies about how we
have a democracy and that the donations
don't influence politicians oh it's just
a coincidence that those same companies
that happen in your 5.8 billion dollars
got back four point four trillion
dollars in subsidies I don't care if
you're the the reddest guy in the
reddest state or the bluest voter in the
bluest state you know that isn't true
you know they bought those politicians
and got exactly what they paid for and
they took it and yes I will say they
robbed us of that four point four
trillion dollars that's our taxpayer
money does ExxonMobil which was for a
long time the most profitable company in
the world did they need our taxpayer
money now of course they don't need it
they're profitable they're incredibly
profitable I'm not trying to take their
profit away but why do you need extra
subsidies you don't
but you have a fiduciary responsibility
to take take take and they take it from
us if you're not angry about that you're
not paying attention and by the way I'm
not trying to pick on companies like
ExxonMobil Apple which is considered a
progressive company that's the same
thing I like their products but they
some years they pay zero dollars in
taxes you are literally the most
profitable company in the world where
did the money go
where did it go you're tell me you
didn't make any money I put the stock
market says otherwise your bottom lines
line says otherwise who the hell are you
kidding and when they don't pay taxes
who does you do that is robbery from
every single one of you and from your
families and from your kids and I'm
tired of the robbery I'm tired of it so
and look I mentioned earlier about our
conservative friends and and how they
frustrate me and they say look at the
powerless so the guy it's that the the
system was rigged by the guy who crossed
the border illegally that guy doesn't
have a dollar in his pocket how the hell
did he get to talk to Soros already if
you stop to think about it for a second
none of this makes any sense
the only reason people believe it is
because of the overwhelming propaganda
of course undocumented immigrants didn't
fix the system you think black people in
this country had enough power to fix the
system they didn't fix the system okay
they didn't rigged this system you know
who has a lot of power multinational
corporations you know who has a lot of
power billionaires you know who has the
most power the people who give money to
politicians and it isn't a bean against
the rich if you're a rich and you you
know you're LeBron James and you play
basketball really well bless your heart
you're Oprah you talk really well bless
your heart okay and some of my
progressive friends will disagree with
me but if you're Bill Gates and you
built that incredible company bless your
heart okay there's no harm in making
money all I want you to do is not use
that money to bribe our politicians it's
not too much
for it just isn't that's what James
Madison envisioned that our democracy
would be dependent on the people alone
not a couple of people who run casinos
not a couple after corporations and so
if you are looking for who rigged the
system don't look down look up and when
I tell people that people on TV people
in progressive organizations in
Washington that have been sitting there
taking that money for decade after
decade people in right-wing
organizations
they all say oh how uncivil how uncivil
you ought to crush people underneath you
will let you do that all day long
you know what the minimum wage in this
country is is $7.25 federal minimum wage
if you work 40 hour week you've worked
full-time you worked a whole year you
know what that equals $15,000 a year I
bet you that if you asked Washington and
the powerful people in Washington none
of them would know that answer they
never thought about it for a second they
don't know anybody who makes the minimum
wage and they don't care about anybody
who makes them in a room wage they
aren't in their cocktail parties it's
not that they're bad people it's their
context it's their bubble it's their
groupthink okay and and this system got
rigged against those people and it did
get rigged by the people up the top but
those people are the ones that are
friends with morning Joe and they're
friends with common cause let's keep it
real and they're definitely friends with
the Koch brothers so they don't want you
to look up they don't want you to look
up now but it's not to say that I'm I'm
not saying that in to attack
conservatives I'm frustrated by that
line of logic that it's the undocumented
immigrants or others right but it's to
say that at least for because what I'm
saying is at least for conservative
voters they have the same problems we do
they have the same issues about economic
dignity they had the same problem with
health care they have the same problem
with wages have they in my opinion been
misdirected to say hey you've got a
problem with having health care coverage
I got a great idea
we'll give you less right I don't think
that's a great idea okay and we could
disagree on those and we could if we had
a democracy it would not be amazing and
we sorted out but we don't instead what
do we have we have the fundamental
corruption at least George Bush when he
first crafted it this legislation to say
that the United States government on
your behalf because that's what the US
government is it's you is not allowed to
negotiate drug prices with drug
companies why drug companies are I'm
sure coincidentally the number one
donors in American politics above the
oil companies above the bankers above
the defense contractors so George Bush
decide what god what a funny coincidence
I'm not gonna let you negotiate prices
they're gonna charge whatever they want
it's robbery at large right in front of
your eyes you don't need a conspiracy
they're rubbing your face in it but
Barack Obama don't worry everybody
I saw the signs it said hope it said
change so he was gonna change it he in
fact he ran an ad saying I'm going to
change that they are not allowed to
negotiate I want to make sure they
negotiate what did he do he came in he
passed the Affordable Care Act portable
Care Act was previously known as Romney
care who was he running against Mitt
Romney oh look at that you vote for Mitt
Romney you get Romney care you vote for
Obama you get Romney care that was
cooked up by the Heritage Foundation
they then said no we're even more
vicious now we want something you two
have even less health care coverage so
that warmed over conservative plan Obama
passes we say public option he says
he'll no Joe Lieberman says no so you
won't get the public option and by the
way but here's my favorite part I'll
sprinkle on Tom just add insult to
injury we will not negotiate drug prices
because the Democratic Party
unfortunately is just as corrupt because
it isn't about personality is it isn't
about whether Barack Obama is a good guy
it would be shocking to me if I was in a
room with him and I had a conversation
with him that I didn't really like him I
bet if I had a beer with him he'd be go
great now they say that about Bush that
wouldn't go well he's an alcoholic but I
wouldn't want to do that to him and that
is that that doesn't end well but it's
not about their personality it's not
about whether he's a good guy or not and
of course what it was the people in the
media twisted oh so you hate Obama no I
don't
Obama but did he or did he not deliver
on that promise and he didn't did he or
did he not take a ton of money from the
drug companies did the democratic party
take a ton of money from the drug
companies or did they not but I know
what you're thinking
morning Joe and I only use him as an
example it was just a coincidence Joe
Scarborough also happened to go to a
coke brothers event came back with mica
and they were fawning turns out they
think the coke brothers are great
patriotic Americans and that that's why
they're involved in politics Thank You
Morning Joe appreciate it for proving
the propaganda model a hundred percent
so the bottom line is they are not
working for us let me show you who
they're working for so Princeton study
20 years this is before citizens united
guys Buckley v Valeo Bilotti
decisions in 1976 1978 money is speech
corporations have speech rights because
they're human hilarious and and since
they're human and they have speech
rights they can start giving money to
politicians and we're toast and we're
done for Citizens United shot a dead
horse okay so I shot a pretty good
though I mean came in with an aka right
and then you got McCutcheon etc right
but they study Princeton and
Northwestern to give northwestern credit
studied 1,800 policy positions over two
decades does public opinion affect
public policy so let me show you
economic elites the top 10% these are
the largely the donors did their opinion
have any effect on public policy let's
take a look oh that looks like a direct
effect but that's okay if we have a
democracy I'm sure the other 90% of us
will also have a direct effect right
because I hear I'm warning you all the
time we have a democracy so let's find
out if that's the case average citizens
preferences did it affect public policy
so a graph that goes a line that goes up
says yes there is effect as you're
seeing here for the top 10 percent now
let's look at the graph for the rest of
us no effect whatsoever none you do not
live in a democracy at the state level
thank God there is still democracy you
don't get these same charts and in our
experience at wolfpack whether they are
democratic or republican legislators
their legislators they're not
easy to talk to but they actually still
do care about their constituents to some
degree and either you could talk to them
without a check which is unbelievable at
the national level not even remotely
possible and so I don't want to depress
you because democracy does exist at the
state level and that's how we're gonna
fix this but at the national level it is
gone we're living at Sherrod it's not
true it's all a kabuki theater
pretending that you have some sort of
influence when all they care about is
the donors and then the Supreme Court
and everyone on TV will tell you no
they're having a debate about ideas ha
ha ha joke's on us so now let me show
you what the results of that are this is
a chart that shows you productivity and
compensation in the United States from
the 1940s to close to present day
so you see that the red line which is
hourly compensation is exactly in line
with your productivity which is the blue
line until about 1978 ok I wonder what
happened in 1978 I wonder if there was
two important decisions in 1976 and 1978
that might have actually rigged the
system so your productive America that's
wonderful it's going straight up and
you're getting compensated for you so
your hourly wages are going up your
incomes going up that's exactly how a
democracy is supposed to work is 78 they
start to diverge that seems like a small
divergence I assure you it is not so
what happens instead this happens when
you look at that broken down in this
case this particular graphic that
landing put it at 73 I think the bigger
divergence this is a 78 but what you
have is hourly compensation in that
chart you can see flat lines so from 78
on your so incredibly productive
congratulations America but you didn't
get the reward for that productivity
instead you got robbed you got robbed
they rigged it so you paid more taxes
they paid less taxes they rigged this so
you got less wages less regulation they
made more money from deregulation they
made more money from keeping your wages
low they kept it for the executives they
kept it for the shareholders they kept
it for the donors so you know what the
difference between those two graphs
those two lines are about 12 trillion
dollars
they robbed you of 12 trillion dollars
hey when are we gonna get that back now
if you say that they say oh no that's
very uncivil that's very impolite was a
polite when they robbed you of 12
trillion dollars but they get it in the
darkness they did it with their
lobbyists they did it with their friends
and they did it with their TV hosts and
they did it with their mainstream media
yes in their groupthink and and so
apparently that's not uncivil okay gets
worse okay twelve trillion sounds like a
lot right
someone did a study to find out how much
that is for the average American how
much more would you make today if those
lines matched up as they did until 1978
and this is a stunning number it's an
unbelievable number the average American
today would make seventeen thousand
dollars more per year that is more than
the minimum wage for a whole year's work
you'd make seventeen thousand he took
seventeen thousand dollars from every
family in America but that's not
impolite that's not uncivil that's just
a bunch of good friends in Washington in
New York taking money out of your pocket
and putting it into theirs they did it
in a thousand different ways whether it
was the subsidies it was the the fact
that you can't negotiate it was the tax
code it was the wages it was all those
different things but let me focus on one
of them which is taxes so let me show
you one last thing here so you've got
two charts here the one on your left is
the chart for how taxes were collected
in 1952 so I want to point out two
things there one is social insurance in
retirement that was nine point seven
percent of all taxes you pay into Social
Security and now you pay into Medicare
you do that through the payroll tax the
payroll tax is actually the most
regressive tax middle class pays it the
working poor pays it the rich pay it up
to a certain amount of roughly around a
hundred and twenty five thousand dollars
but once you get past a hundred
twenty-five thousand dollars a rich top
pay they don't pay any more you keep on
paying it's a bigger percentage of your
income
so that is the tax that comes from the
middle class and and people who work in
America for a living if you notice you
go to 2015
that's not 9.7 anymore all of a sudden
holy cow that's thirty three and a half
percent of all the taxes paid you know
what they did they moved the tax burden
onto you now I just showed you earlier
in the slides the benefits of the taxes
four point four trillion dollars in
subsidies and tax payer support for just
200 corporations was four point four
trillion dollars they privatized the
gains they socialize the losses so now
you pay the taxes and they get the taxes
they get that money that you pay in
taxes so now I want you to notice one
other part in nineteen fifty two
corporations are paying their fair share
you know you could argue and we can go
back to conservatives and progressives
having wonderful arguments about what
the fair share should be should it be
thirty two percent as it was in nineteen
fifty two
should it be fifty percent should it be
ten percent good wonderful debates that
have honest debates that have but
they're paying thirty two percent now
this is in 2015 if you look over to 2015
on other side look at that incredible
coincidence that's down to ten point
eight percent and that's before the
Trump administration cut corporate taxes
by about two trillion dollars when you
look at that in five years time or in
two years time that's gonna be far less
but they move their burden from thirty
two percent to about ten percent and
they tell you that it's a coincidence
they spit in your face and they tell you
it's raining no it's not a coincidence
the system is rigged so whether you're a
conservative or a progressive or
libertarian or independent for God's
sake you're right about the problem and
if you're a conservative who's seething
mad about that you are right they did
rigged it against you if you're in the
middle of West Virginia and you feel
like the system's against you you're
goddamn right it is and if you like the
people on TV are lying to you
unfortunately you're right they are
lying to you a lot of them don't intend
to lie to you but they're in the middle
of that groupthink and by the way
they're all incredibly rich you know
your local journalists and your local
paper might not be rich at all and he
might still be in the swamp of
groupthink but but the
almost all anchors on TV are
millionaires so does that affect your
perspective not because you're a bad
person but yes it does affect your
perspective okay and so you're right
conservatives you're right progressives
now there's only one question that
remains are you gonna do anything about
it
or are you going to surrender because
right now we're in a situation where
most people have surrendered so they
know it's bad no matter how much the
press tells them Hillary Clinton was a
wonderful candidate they didn't believe
it and you know the right wing tells
people Donald Trump secure a wonderful
guy and he's pulling the high 30s you
know on a great day he brags about being
at 42% that is not popular okay
so do you think that the people like
Marco Rubio no no no matter how much Joe
Scarborough tells you Marco Rubio is a
great candidate you don't like him okay
and I can name you a thousand corporate
Democrats same thing you don't like them
because in your gut you know that they
rigged the system and they did so my
question to all of you okay now the
people in this room have already
answered that question in a very very
clear way because you went through all
the sacrifice I talked about in the
beginning to be here and to be into your
state houses and making a difference but
all the people at home are you gonna
surrender are you gonna do something
about it and by do something about it I
don't mean do crazy things and you know
I keep going back to cue because I don't
know who he is or what he is or what
insanity leads people to believe that
right the conspiracies are much more
clear and straightforward what I want
you to do about it
is in your own way again if you're a
conservative fight in your own way if
you're a progressive fight in your own
way if you want to join us and be
nonpartisan at Wolfpack do it that way
okay but make sure that you stand a post
and that when you are there true
patriots of this country and you fight
back that you get that same level of
respect
that we do for soldiers in the field
that we think are protecting our
freedoms and so what I what I want to
leave you with of course is hope because
it's dark times and the media is not on
our side and the politicians are not on
our side and Washington is not on our
side and money's not on our side but
almost entirely the American people are
on our side they just have to hear this
message because in one in New York and
Washington when you say corporations are
human beings they go well of course they
are everywhere else
Nebraska Hawaii Rhode Island Texas it
doesn't matter they say of course
they're not human beings
does it make sense that you have a
limited speech so you can yell fire in a
crowded theater or you could give a
billion dollars to a polishin of course
it doesn't make sense of course as
corruption we have the whole country on
our side you're telling me we can't win
with the whole country on our side that
makes no sense and the people who tell
you that are the ones who want you to
surrender so the next time you hear
someone being pessimistic and telling
you there's nothing you can do know that
they are on the wrong side know that
they want you to stay at home and stay
on your couch and not fight back okay so
the reality is as I've said many times
women had an impossible task in this
country they wanted the right to vote
when they didn't have a right to vote
that was impossible it was impossible
slaves wanted freedom but they had no
weapons they had no way of gaining that
freedom they could they didn't the vote
didn't have anything they didn't have
any property they were property that was
impossible but we got rid of slavery in
in the south during the Jim Crow time
there were things like Professor Lessig
said the white primary there were so
many ways that african-americans were
blocked from voting how can they
possibly get civil rights if they can't
vote in the first place but they found a
way and yes sometimes they got hot
coffee thrown in their face sometimes
they got a baton across the head they
got a cavalry charge against them on a
bridge in Selma
bama and they still did it and they got
the Civil Rights Act and women they
didn't just get legislature to do
something they didn't just get a law
they didn't get a resolution they didn't
ask Congress pretty please can you do
this at a later time no they got an
amendment to get the right to vote those
were American heroes that was the best
of us
that is what America is supposed to be
ever-expanding liberty and freedom they
were all freedom fighters and they
fought for not just themselves but for
us and for all future generations and so
when I look across this room I see the
same freedom fighters and I see a great
diversity here in states in ideas in
people and you're all here for the same
fundamental idea that there is something
we can do that united we are incredibly
strong that the point of the propaganda
is to divide us so I'm asking
conservatives I'm asking progressives
and we do fight an I fight those wars on
the different issues whether it's
abortion gun rights all those different
issues but for this purpose to put those
fights aside keep going for now and
definitely afterwards let's reengage
okay but on this issue
put those fights aside and do not let
them divide you because if you let them
divide you they're gonna win forever and
it isn't going to be the people without
power it's going to be the people with
power look up look up they're the ones
who rigged the system so I'm asking you
to put differences aside whether you're
conservative or independent or
progressive to join forces to say no
more corruption we're not going to stand
for it and if you tell us no a
convention is too much change some
Republicans say that a lot of Democrats
say that it's too much change you're
gonna say god damn right it is because
that's what we want we want the change
Washington doesn't want to change
television doesn't want to change their
multibillion-dollar corporations why do
you think therefore the status quo the
status quo has been fantastic to them so
regular corporate politicians that take
the stone or money they don't want to
change the system why would they change
the system that put them at the very top
so that is why almost everyone in power
will tell you do not do a convention it
is real change and that is exactly why
you should fight the hardest for a
convention a constitution is not
something that is pristine and delicate
and should never be touched a
constitution is something our
Constitution that mandates that you
change it they didn't tell you don't
change the Constitution they put it in
two Article five change it for God's
sake our founding fathers said you
should change some portion of it and
amend it every generation and we have
failed in that constitutional duty and
we are told over and over again whatever
you do don't touch this document whoever
tells you that doesn't understand the
Constitution and perhaps has never read
the Constitution it's right there in
Article five screaming through the
generations for God's sake change it
you're supposed to change it what were
the founding fathers revolutionaries and
they built revolution into the document
so that you don't have to pick up a
musket like they did they said you could
you know what we're gonna do we're going
to deliver political revolution within
the Constitution who changed the
Articles of Confederation dated who
changed the establishment where the
royalty ruled us all from afar where we
had taxation without representation they
did they believed in change so much they
fought for it and some of them died for
it now it is the ultimate disrespect to
our founding father
and to the Constitution for people in
power to say do not change the document
do not listen to those generations that
came before you that brought you this
wonderful wonderful document and one of
the great ironies they use is oh my god
they had a convention and they produce
what the United States Constitution
perhaps the greatest document known to
man they said but the boogeyman is what
if you do a runaway convention like they
did and you produce an equally great
document whoo
don't scare me so their worst case
scenario is the thing they claim they
want to protect now how could you be in
favor of protecting the United States
Constitution if you don't even believe
in how it was formed if you insult that
process by the way is Larry Lessig
explain what we're asking for is not a
constitutional convention like they had
back then we're asking for an article v
convention why do we why is it called
article 5 because it's article 5 of the
Constitution it's the fifth article in
our Constitution they asked you to do
this change they asked you to do this
revolution and everyone in this room has
answered that call and what I'm asking
is anyone watching this that isn't in
the room will you answer the call in a
sense those leaders talk to us today in
a sense Benjamin Franklin and Thomas
Jefferson and George Washington and
James Madison are in this room but so is
martin luther king so susan b anthony so
are all the people who fought for those
change and by the way put it into the
constitution and who led that charge you
know who believed in amendments the
founding fathers who put the first ten
in the constitution to say that the
founding fathers were against amendments
is both a historical and preposterous
then why did they put ten of them in
there and progressive groups pretend
they care about the First Amendment
so they say Oh
the First Amendment is is untouchable
and and by the way I love the First
Amendment it money is not part of the
First Amendment that's a lie but they
say hey I'm so afraid you're gonna touch
the First Amendment so I don't want any
amendments it's the First Amendment that
you are trying to change how could you
be against amendments that makes no
sense
then you would have been against the
first one so none of their arguments
make any sense but those people who pass
that First Amendment are also in this
room and what they're asking you is are
you gonna stand up now luckily you don't
need a musket like they did you don't
have to risk your life but sometimes you
have to risk your weekend and sometimes
you have to risk a little extra time
with your family which we all
desperately want and so and a lot of us
have jobs that don't pay that well and
then on top of that I'm asking you to
volunteer and work hard and I'm asking
you to put aside your differences with
conservatives for a second and I'm
asking you to put your differences aside
with progressives for a second and I'm
asking you to put that anger aside and
to make it constructive make it legal
make it political make it constitutional
but they're all asking you will you
stand up and fight for what they built
which is a democracy which is a
constitution that is supposed to give us
rights where we rule not the elites not
the powerful not the donors but a
democracy where the American people rule
I hope that you answer that call I hope
we could all do it together whether it's
at wolf dash pack.com or any other
organization you think is fighting in
the right direction
so in conclusion what I see and I think
what all those ghosts of years past see
here is a room full of heroes and I want
to thank you from the bottom of my heart
for all of your work and all of your
sacrifice and I want to assure you that
if we keep fighting together I guarantee
you we're gonna win together we're gonna
get that convention we're gonna get that
amendment and we're gonna get our
democracy back thank you
