in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more recently
there was this controversy regarding
Jeff Sessions eating at a Mexican
restaurant known as el tiempo Cantina so
he goes to this restaurant enjoys a
Mexican meal and one of the workers took
a photo with him and posted it on social
media and essentially said that it was
an honor to serve Jeff Sessions now that
led to quite a bit of controversy people
were calling for a boycott of this
Mexican restaurant and the restaurant
decided to take the picture down from
social media look I feel like it was a
bit of an overreaction like let's just
take it easy on the restaurant I think
they just got excited that there was a
US official there but nonetheless the
restaurant didn't like the reaction they
were getting they took it down the photo
now Fox News of course is gonna obsess
over this story tucker carlson covered
it on his show and he had a Univision
actor on his program named Enrique
Acevedo and they talked about the whole
issue but that's the context just pay
close attention to what tucker carlson
says about tacos I'm totally opposed to
illegal immigration I think that our
legal immigration level should be lower
because the country is getting too
volatile those are my sincere views I
also like Mexican food since I grew up
in the Mexican border
should I be allowed to eat Mexican food
no no you know this is I think what
people are pointing out the
contradiction of attacking story and
then celebrating their food and so
they're bringing their food
why do you think you own sounds like you
feel like you own time I feel like I do
I feel like they're an American food and
I'm gonna keep eating them even though I
agree with Jeff says I'm God I think
everyone should tackle smoke come on and
you know we should all celebrate each
other's cultures we feed off each other
it's no man
those are my tacos my right you're not
gonna appropriate my culture as he's
appropriating his culture like that was
kind of amazing first of all I just want
to quickly point out something that's
not related to tacos Tucker Carlson just
said it I'm completely against illegal
immigration which you can expect that
from him right and then he says and I
think we should limit legal immigration
like this is yet another example if they
don't want you here if you are not you
know a white american-born person they
don't want you here okay if you weren't
born in America they want to prevent you
from coming into the country it's it
anyway they're they're super transparent
about it secondly tacos are an American
food you grew up in San Diego so you
think that that's American food because
you ate tacos while living in San Diego
even the minute he said I grew up near
the border why is it growing up near the
border I have anything to do with tacos
being so American I mean what if you
grew up Minnesota why bring up the
southern border Tucker Carlson is a dope
I look at him he's just a dope he says
dopey stuff I can't believe that he
actually believes what he was saying I
don't think it's because he's trying to
dissect the idea of the food as American
I'm Iranian one of the things I tell
people all the time when people are
afraid of Arabs and Iranians and Muslims
and Middle East I go go try our food
that's a good way into the culture and
so it is Persian food it is Arab food it
is Mexican it's called Mexican food you
dum-dum you can
sit there and turn it around and say I
had it in San Diego therefore its
American no you idiot you can't believe
it really that yeah honestly I part of
me thinks that he does believe it and
the reason why I say that is because the
rest of the interaction was the was
Acevedo
basically saying like you know we should
celebrate each other's cultures and type
of Carlson's like no what are you
talking about celebrate each other's
cultures it's an American food like in
other words I'm gonna take what I like
from your culture but when it comes to
everything else I don't respect you as a
person yeah I don't respect your country
but I like your food so I'm gonna take
your food as my own well we all know the
name of the restaurant is tiempo Cantina
which of course is an American a couple
of American words that's right of course
well he grew up in a very American town
of San Diego okay I mean that town is
not named after those Mexicans already
then using their language that's for
sure I know where it comes from do you
know what it means in German okay anyway
okay so I was gonna defend Tiger
crossing I saw the headline and I was
like hey guys come on man you can say
tacos American like food and like pizza
is that's fine can right-wingers eat
tacos of course a question so I was
gonna come out and do the counting and
he was kind of halfway joking for most
of it right he's laughing in center but
the last part got me right when the guy
said yeah yeah you could enjoy our
culture so that's a super Fairport we
all enjoy Italian culture through a
pizza pasta way and that's where it came
from right so good god bless and it
became part of American culture if we
celebrate that then are you allowed to
eat pizza of course I don't you're right
where your left wait but when Tucker
said what do you mean each other's
cultures it's American food it's
American food and you could see his face
change too this is the last part right
he said you're not going to appropriate
my culture okay now wait a minute it's
one thing when you celebrated and you go
hey I like the Chinese food I like the
Mexican food and I believe that's part
of America now that's actually a
wonderful thing to say it's another
thing to say no I own it's mine now
okay what do you eat Chinese food it's
not Chinese it's my food
restaurant says Chinese food the
restaurant says Mexican restaurant right
because that's where it originally came
from and did we change it yes it wasn't
necessarily in that shell right and we
made it our own a lot of ways in the
Chinese food you eat is not necessarily
perfectly authentic etc but then to have
the audacity to say I want to keep you
out of the country
right and to do segments about how
demographic changes in this country
where there are now more Latinos or
scary and that you wouldn't want it
happening in your town but then to say
no no but I'll take your tacos and you
don't even have any ownership over it's
a now mine I already stole it yeah and
how yeah and they they do that as well
and how dare you complain about that no
you ruined it yeah how do you dummy like
you you know it's it's fine to say that
this is what makes America all the
cultures working together but then to
say no I reject your culture but I'll
take the parts I like and just steal it
and then say you're not allowed to even
brag about it or even say isn't it great
and to be proud that you contributed to
America to rob that contribution yeah
that's what I think got me you know
really bad guy they're trying to
redefine what's made America America we
have Italian Americans we have Irish
Americans we have Mexican America she
marries Iran Americans and some people
go why can't we just be American we are
the American part is part of it but we
also have a culture and that's what
makes this country a better place that's
what makes this country that's what
makes our food better if we don't have
Mexican food and we didn't have
middle-eastern food and we'd have
Italian food we don't have all that
other stuff
it'd be potatoes we'd be Ireland but the
disgust I mean no offense but I've been
at Ireland it's just meat brothy meat
this is it would be disgusting thanks
God for all these cultures Tucker
but I hear what you're saying like I
just think that you know I whenever the
issue of cultural appropriation comes up
I feel like it always comes up in the
wrong context right so someone is
sporting a hairstyle right and everyone
likes it whatever she's celebrating that
hairstyle and people think no she's
stealing my culture but if that's a
person who's not racist and genuinely
loves the way that hairstyle looks the
issue is the double standard that you
know certain communities have to deal
with so if a black woman wears her hair
in cornrows it's not considered
fashionable or sexy or fashion-forward
it's considered oh you're wearing your
natural hair you should straighten it
you should relax it you should do
whatever white girl does it she gets
celebrated so that double standard is an
issue but you shouldn't attack the
person with the hairstyle you attack or
at least critique the way society
handles the situation right but this
tucker carlson video is a perfect
example of cultural appropriation
you steal the good parts of the culture
that you like you keep it for yourself
while you continuously insult the people
that that that food or that part of the
culture came from but again he does what
Trump does when he takes the term fake
news which fake news was pizza gate fake
news was all the crap that comes out of
Trump's mouth yeah and he spun it around
and he goes you guys are fake news
tucker crosses just did that exact same
thing he took he said you can't
appropriate my culture he said tacos are
my culture you Mexican dude can't
appropriate it so he just spotted on the
guy and the Mexican dude never said hey
taco you're trying to appropriate
Michael sure he was being very welcoming
and open arms and this dumb-dumb
was saying you can't and by the way
again as someone of you know Iranian
descent and Iran being part of the
travel ban right now if Jeff Sessions
went into a Persian restaurant and some
guy took a picture with him with a
thumbs up I'd be like dude what are you
doing this is I I personally would be on
the side of going don't celebrate this
guy he's going against our people and so
I understand that argument as well I
understand it I definitely understand it
I just think you know sometimes people
aren't as into what's going on in
politics as we are right so like I'm
hyper
we're of politics and sometimes when I'm
around someone who's not following
what's going on in government or in
politics and they say something that's
offensive like I wanted like jump down
their throat but then I have to stop
myself and think okay they don't know
what I know necessarily so like it's
okay like let's not be so hard on
everyone
so the last thing is imagine if it was
flipped you know it was always a fun
game so if I had somebody on the Young
Turks of it right winger and we were
talking about hot dogs as in
frankfurters right and how they
originally came from Germany and I go no
that's not German food it's American
food and I don't want any more Germans
in this country okay Germans and in his
and white people the demographic changes
that white people are bringing into this
country is a problem but I'll take your
hot dog and I'll take your pizza yeah
but I don't want you in this country the
problem isn't saying that hot dogs and
pizza and Mexican food and tacos are
American the problem is when you say I
don't want you in this country I mean
and that's what Tucker Carlson does on a
nightly basis if you were open and
welcoming yeah of course it's all bars
together that's what makes America great
except you want to end that so just own
up to it while you're trying to steal
people's tacos two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
