in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more as we
all know Donald Trump has revoked the
secure security clearance of John
Brennan he was the CIA director under
the Obama administration and now Trump
is saying that he is likely to revoke
the security clearance for Bruce or he
is a Justice Department official and
Trump has some beef with him because ORS
wife Nellie worked for fusion GPS during
the election fusion GPS was the research
company that essentially found the
information for the steel dossier you
know where we found out about the whole
PP thing and the apartment or the hotel
yeah we all know we all know now of
course Trump wants to revoke his
security clearance as a retaliatory
effort and here's what he has to say
about it in the next video take a look I
think Bruce or is a disgrace I suspect
I'll be taking it away very quickly I
think that Bruce or is a disgrace with
his wife Nelly for him to be in the
Justice Department and to be doing what
he did that is a disgrace that is
disqualifying for Muller and mr. Muller
has a lot of conflicts also directly
yourself so you know that mr. Muller is
highly conflicted in fact Comey is like
his best friend they should be looking
at Bruce or and his wife Nelly
for dealing with by the way indirectly
Russians they should be looking at Steel
they should be looking at all these FBI
guys who got fired and demoted it's a
really win it's not us okay as I watched
that all I can think about is what it
was like to be in high school in a feud
like Muller is so conflicted like Comey
is like his best friend and so
conflicted
he's like I mean his language the way he
carries himself the arguments that he's
making first of all after it was
discovered that ORS wife Nellie works
for fusion DPS during the election he
was actually demoted in the Department
of Homeland Security I'm sorry the
Justice Department and yeah I mean Bruce
or the only reason why he's targeting
him is because of who he's married to
yes so a couple of great things here am
I alone that he literally looks like a
clown his face is so insanely orange I
was wonder was that was that the TV or
was that I'm seriously that badly looked
really you're right ie looks he looks
almost they should see a doctor
well something and then he rated his
doctors own yes which is a which is a
true story like we went past that
unbelievable story he reigned in his
doctor's office and stole his own
medical vials while he was president
anyway back to this so if or it has his
security clearance revoked he would be
the only one that is actively serving
the government all the other guys that
Trump is targeting our former officials
so then or would have to be fired
because he can't work at the Justice
Department without a security clearance
so this is an essence asking to fire a
someone that he perceives to be
investigating him he says I don't like
that they're investigating me Sarah
could be Sanders later is going to lie
and say it doesn't have anything to do
with the Russian investigation she has a
big problem which is a Trump won't shut
his mouth saying it's about Russia it's
about what I call the rigged witch hunt
yeah interview with The Wall Street
Journal where he specified he clarified
that the reason why he was revoking
security clearance was because of the
Russia investigation he he can't stop
himself from incriminating himself it's
incredible well he's a POW he's addicted
to power you see so when you let he
d you know get get rid of Brennan
Brennan take hit take away his clearance
now he goes oh I'm gonna start taking
away oh this is great he's addicted to
the power and to your point of his of
his vocabulary in the way he speaks
this is totally true I have a 10 year
old and a 7 year old my little my dot my
son the 10 year old loves to read the 7
year old is always a little hesitant you
got to push her to read and the way we
encourage you to read we go listen if
you don't read and improve your
vocabulary
you're gonna sound like Donald Trump yes
and she goes and reads I swear to God
what president is going like um and like
buddies like besties there's five words
that he uses over and over again anybody
it's not just vocabulary about Nellie
the wife in an earlier tweet he had said
he's very attractive
Nellie someone asked me to go
I was very conciliatory complements
involved the flowchart was a Bruce or -
Nellie - mulher - call me to Russia back
to the P tape because it's about fusion
GPS and the original so in that 35
seconds he went through all of this
because someone told by wait the mother
and call me best friendship was also
something else that a Breitbart writer
had exposed back at the day so he's he's
connecting everything that's just that
somehow and his brain is firing off at
all cylinders to figure out what he can
say to get the hell out I think he takes
like you're right I think when we all we
hear news and we you know we consume
some of it and sometimes you don't quite
have all the the facts and then you go
to tell somebody you hear what happened
and then he's just taking the little
bits and pieces that he thinks so that
he's just throwing out names and words
and kind of connecting them and the fact
that he put the attractive wife means in
the back of his mind he's thinking
someday I might try to hit on her let me
keep this open it's amazing is she hot
I really want to so look when Trump
revoked the security clearance for
Brennan both Democrats and Republicans
criticized it for that okay and you also
have members of the intelligence
community coming forward and saying this
is unacceptable we can't have this so in
reality people don't think this is a
good idea they see this as a First
Amendment violation because in Brennan's
case he was very critical of Trump and
it appears that Trump is not only
retaliating because of the Russia
investigation and what Brennan believes
is happening with Russia and Russia
meddling but he doesn't like critics so
he retaliates by revoking security
clearance I have a lot of Republican
Congress members and Senators
criticizing because I haven't heard a
lot of though Susan Collins is on the
record saying look unless unless Brennan
did something you know I ever get
illegal right which I think like leaking
classified information yeah then you
would revoke a security clearance but
you've got I could say that I think he's
being too political which Susan Collins
says right I don't agree with her but
that's what she says well that's not why
you take away security clearance because
then you're having a doing it for
political strike back which you should
only Graham know none of the other
corker also but of course you make a
good point which is that a majority of
the Republicans are like yeah whatever
so I want to pose them otherwise I'm
gonna lose also more than a dozen former
US intelligence and national security
officials signed a letter criticizing
Trump for what they say is an
ill-considered attempt to stifle free
speech so he is getting criticism again
from both the right and the left and
here's what you need to know about
what's going on in trumps world
everyone's praising him everything's
great he's getting a pat on the back
here's what he had to say I've got a
tremendous response from having done
that
because security clearances are very
important to me
very very important and I've had a
tremendous response for having done that
there's no silence if anything I'm
giving up a bigger voice many people
don't even know who he is and now he has
the bigger voice and that's okay with me
because I like taking on voices like
that I've never respected him I've never
had a lot of respect look I say it I say
it again that whole situation to say
rigged with gun it's a totally rigged
deal they should be looking at the other
side they should be looking at all the
people that got fired I mean you're
being investigated for obstruction of
justice in interview after interview in
every video that I see where he's
addressing the situation he keeps
talking about how he's revoking security
clearance because of the Russian well
the tremendous response means that sean
hannity called them Jeanine Pirro called
them and and Giuliani called him said
this is you did the right thing the
right thing getting rid of the rid of
this and do it you know revoking his
security clearance and he is he you know
he said it himself within North Korea
where he said this thing might not work
out and then I'll say I was wrong will
actually no I'll find an excuse to find
out to say that was it so he will never
admit that he is doing anything wrong
and and and that's another problem that
we have we really have a man with a
psychological problem in the in the
office right yes so let's see if you
think this is a tremendous response
general I'm sorry Admiral McRaven who
was the commander in charge of Navy SEAL
Team six he's the one that ordered and
supervise the operation to get bin Laden
wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post
saying I would consider it an honor if
you would revoke my security clearance
as well because he said you're not
worthy and other good leaders this
example for others to follow a good
leader always puts the welfare of others
before himself or herself your
leadership however has has shown little
of these qualities through your actions
you've embarrassed us in the eyes of our
children humiliated us on the world
stage and worst of all divided us as a
nation
and lastly he said if you think for a
moment that your McCarthy era tactics
will suppress the voice of criticism you
are sadly mistaken
so I don't think that it got a
tremendous response so but in his mind
he thinks if it's good ratings and some
people told me some nice compliments
about it and I did the right thing but
even if you break it down even and even
if he had gotten a really good response
as in the press saying hey nice job etc
that's not the reason to do it right
could you imagine if Obama said well I
took this action as president of the
United States because people
complimented me like I thought I did the
right thing because I got praised for it
you would rightfully say that's not the
point
you're not supposed to do things just to
get praised you're supposed to do them
whether they're right policy or wrong
policy right he's like no it's okay a
gut it's because it's all about Trump
I got tremendous response so that's why
I did this and yes Sarah could be
Sanders says no no no I had nothing to
do with Russia and he comes down goes I
did it because of the rings' witch-hunt
yeah what Sarah why do you bother
putting out that statement when you know
he's gonna say it's about Russia just
don't embarrass yourself any further
yeah two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
