and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more the
gubernatorial race in Kansas was a
controversial one because there was
apparently a computer glitch and it was
an incredibly tight race and so the
results were not available on election
night there was some question as to what
this computer glitch was all about
and luckily Jennifer Kohn as part of T
YT investigates went to Kansas did an
investigation and has some information
for us that I wanted to share with you
guys so let's get to it
so Kris Kobach declared victory in this
highly publicized Republican
gubernatorial primary in Kansas
surpassing his opponent by about 300
votes so that's the official story but
what really happened now according to
cones reporting Johnson County later
explained that there was a computer
glitch but that the problem involved its
new express vote touchscreen barcode
ballot marking system and it's made by a
company known as election systems and
software LLC that company has had issues
in the past with its voting systems and
as you can see in this case with Kansas
the same a similar situation occurred so
the recommendation to buy these machines
here's one of the problems came from
Johnson County Election Commissioner
Ronnie Metzger who Kobach appointed in
January of 2016 before the Board of
County Commissioners accepted Metzger's
recommendation election integrity
advocates and independent computer
science experts expressed serious
concerns about the security of these
machines and it's because these machines
have had issues in the past now express
vote produces something no Express what
produces paper summary cards right
containing the computer-generated
barcode the barcode which humans can't
read and thus can't verify is the only
part of the summary card that is then
scanned and counted as your vote so
understand something you go to the polls
you vote and then you get this paper
back but it's
bar code it doesn't it doesn't give you
any information that can verify that the
computer system processed the person
that you meant to vote for okay so
there's an issue there also the official
vote that is counted is a bar code not a
human readable vote
the Johnson County voter has no idea
what vote they actually cast voters
can't read barcodes nor can they know
how the machine is programmed to print
or interpret bar codes so there's two
super important parts of this story so
we were following this on election night
live we cared about the Kobach Collier
race but as luck would have it we cared
a lot about another race that involve
Johnson County that was Brent welder
versus Therese Davis which was a
Democratic primary in Kansas third
District so when they had the what was
described by the Kansas City Star as a
quote big computer glitch that stopped
the votes in the middle of the night we
all noticed and and cared a lot about
the results in and then at the time we
and this is super important when he gets
to Kovac now as it turns out it it very
likely did not affect the welder david's
race because and there's no reason that
the guy who appointed by Kovac would
even have a dog in that fight right so
that's not the issue here it's just that
we were watching it happen live so when
it stopped live Collier the sitting
Republican governor of Kansas was
leading in that County so and then that
it stops around 9:00 p.m. and then at
5:50 a.m. after the computer glitch is
somehow fixed in a way they do not
explain at all they come out and all of
a sudden Kovac wins that County oh I saw
with my own eyes you all saw it if you
were watching it live he was not winning
in fact so Jett we sent our reporter
there again thank you to all the Young
Turks viewers who funded TYT
investigates and they do objective
reporting their job is not to do opinion
as we do but to just find the facts so
jennifer cohen goes down there and finds
with certainty that collier was leading
by
13% in that county before the glitch
that's at 9 p.m. at 5:50 a.m. they fix
the glitch all of a sudden is 13 percent
lead is gone and Kovac won the county
now okay that's obviously very
questionable 10 of the precincts had
already reported is it possible that
Kobach just won the rest of the
precincts in Johnson County of course
it's possible but you'd want to verify
right so then what is your system for
verification that's where we get to
issue number two turns out that the only
way to get a manual auditor or manual
recount which is the only way that you
could verify it is if the vote is within
point five percent and one of the
candidates asked for it so we the
American people the public the people
that live in Johnson County etc you're
not allowed to verify your own votes
okay you're not allowed the press is not
allowed to see it you're not allowed to
see now Collier was within point five I
believe so he could but what you don't
know is it politics there is tremendous
pressure once an election is
quote/unquote over don't ever question
the results otherwise you'll ruin unity
just hurry up and just say that he's the
winner saying what otherwise will ruin
your career for the rest of your life
okay so Collier doesn't ask for the
recount and then it's over now SNS
that's the company that we're talking
about here that does the the voting
machines and other private vendors they
block forensic analysis of their
equipment because they can't claim that
it is proprietary think about that for a
second so we handed our elections to a
private corporation that says well my
technology is proprietary because I'm a
private corporation I don't want anybody
else getting that technology so you're
not ever allowed to see if the vote is
real or not that's insanity and the
private voting systems I mean the vote
that you actually do in you know in this
case this company runs 44 percent of the
vitiating machines voting machines in
the whole country so your vote has been
privatized
and when you ask to see what
is they go no man I own it I own your
vote
it's my proprietary information how I
run this machine and you are not allowed
to see it right and that's insane and
when that printout comes out where you
could verify right technically if if
that printout had some text that you can
read rather than a barcode then at that
moment you could verify your own vote
but since it's a barcode you can't
verify it also another issue is how the
computer screen is set up as you're
voting the computer screen does not fit
all the candidates names you have to
press an extra button to see the rest of
the candidates and so look some people
just don't know right some people might
miss that and might think these are the
only candidates that are available so
there's all sorts of issues here but I
think the biggest problem even if we
didn't have evidence of all these
specific issues the biggest problem is
handing over elections to a private
company and why would you do that also
as I was reading the articles I'm trying
to understand it all but as I was
reading the article it was interesting
and obviously your innocence of
improving guilty but was interesting how
much the the owners and the people
involved in the company had had troubles
in the past legal troubles and doing
things in a crooked way it's not like
it's a bunch of Buddhist monks doing
this that are that owned the company and
they're saying oh go vote and we are you
know very much at peace and and no
criminal record these guys sound like
they're right in line with the with the
Trump swap slimey Trump people they've
had a lot of issues I'll say one last
one I'll put the length of the article
down below in the description box where
you should always check for links if
you're watching this later on YouTube or
Facebook the guy back in 2000 the
president and chief operating officer
now they say he's not there anymore but
other internal memos say that he
consulted for them for a long time but
back in 2000 their president Jeffrey
Dean was a convicted cyber felon and he
pled guilty to 23 counts of embezzlement
involving sophisticated manipulation of
computer accounting records BAM okay but
don't worry I'm sure that it's all on
the up-and-up and and the fact that no
citizen can actually verify the votes in
a so-called
ah Chrissy is no issue at all think
about it if you own Volkswagen of Santa
Monica and a convicted grand theft auto
felon gets out of prison after ten years
because he can't stop stealing cars you
think they go you know what we're gonna
put you in charge of inventory no in
fact he won't get it he won't get a job
washing those cars let alone in charge
of everything an entire entire fleet of
cars because that's what he did it's
direct and look I'll tell you if you're
asking did Kovac steal the election so
at this point is impossible to tell
whether he did or not because no one is
allowed to look at the votes
do I have significant suspicion yes I do
I know you're not allowed to say that
because everybody after an election says
it would be a conspiracy theory if you
don't immediately surrender your right
to check the vote and move on with your
life the guy was down by 13 points in
that County they have a giant computer
glitch that lasts hours upon hours the
guy in charge of that election in that
County appointed by Chris go back and
then all of a sudden the 13-point lead
is eviscerates and Kovac wins the county
yes I questioned that election I
questioned whether it was fair I
questioned whether it was real so
there's an excellent chance that Chris
Kobach stole that election it should not
be the governor and or the at least the
Republican nominee for governor of
Kansas so yes and if you're the Kansas
City Star or any other press you're not
doing your job if you don't question
that election it doesn't mean that you
know for sure that Kovacs stole it but
if you just say oh I'll take their word
for it are you really a reporter if you
just take the government or a private
company's word for it when you cannot
and you're legally not allowed to verify
it no the answer is you're not a real
reporter two easy ways to follow young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
