and now it's time for the charity of the
week we all saw Kanye West go into the
White House and make some real nonsense
statements I'm gonna go ahead drop some
bombs for you 98 percentile IQ test
I had a 75 percentile of all human
beings but it was counting eight numbers
backwards off there is repeats I'm gonna
work on that meanwhile fellow Chicago
born hip-hop icon chance the rapper is
doing his part too
he went undercover as a lyft driver to
raise money for his foundation whoo whoo
whoo whoo hold or what you know you are
chance has already donated a ton of his
own money and his foundation has also
raised millions of dollars for Chicago
Public Schools you can follow them at
social works underscore CH I or go to
social works CH org and that is the
charity of the week welcome back to
happy half-hour
Daniel Stefan Tom what a hilarious
interstitial that was right I mean on
the floor laughing with that one Chicago
chance the rapper did go undercover and
to get raise money for Chicago Public
Schools that's amazing
it's he's so great he already gave a
million dollars like the partnership
with chance and social works is just the
latest effort according to this article
I read from the Chicago Tribune to
benefit Chicago Public Schools in March
2017 chance presented the district with
a 1 million dollar check of his own
money you know if you want something
done right you gotta do it yourself
yeah and he does it himself but then
again his ways website social works is
his thing and there you have this new
initiative with CPS Chicago Public
Schools and you if you're in Chicago you
can also go to Connie's pizza where
supporters can buy a take a chance Pizza
shaped like the number three where he
wears on it like he wears on his
signature hats what is that
Connie's pizza no the number three the
number I don't know why that is c CR CP
3 I don't know god I wish I was cooler
chance why yeah you might give a million
dollars chance but what's with the three
you idiot could I talk to you for a yeah
you might not want to call chance the
rapper
why not it just seems like you know he's
doing a lot of good you know and it's
you know it seems like a good guy to
know but I did those calculations in my
brain and I was like a million dollars
that's a lot right but me being slightly
inconvenienced by not knowing what a
number means sure it's just like so much
to me
I'm Austin he's not gonna see this
that's two truths words ever spoken on
the happy I think shit uh there's
another person in the news who is also
giving money to charity chow yun-fat
have you heard of him there's someone I
respect Xiao en fat the Chinese movie
legend chow yun-fat says that he plans
to give his entire net worth a whopping
five point six billion Hong Kong dollars
or seven thousand fourteen million US
dollars to charity
this is my dream is to be happy and
normal person first of all Chow Yun fat
has 714 million dollars you know if you
were that good at kung fu
he's just also a bad it we've seen him
in tons of movies movies like a man from
Macau that's what that says yeah I say
yeah yeah you have to search for the one
- that looks like the man for man huh -
what's this who could forget Project
Gutenberg is that what dude Steve
Guttenberg three men and a baby here's
another project in case you didn't see
the first one Project Gutenberg children
of Wong shirt that looks pretty cool
here's what I have to say Jonathan Rhys
Meyers took a payday on that one right
yeah for sure so that's that that's
crazy
like my dream is to be a happy and
normal person no doubt though right fat
good for him he seems so well-adjusted
attitude that would that is my everyday
I look in the mirror and I say my dream
is to be a happy and normal person right
not the new like all right can we
reshoot this part where the guy's mouth
is bleeding yeah yeah connectors on his
head it's not the global part that I'm
not interested in but more the happy
part is like something that I think all
of us can relate to and try to find out
what that means to us individually
you like apps like me the best app out
there's the TYT Plus app and it's
available right now on iOS and Android
download to get more TYT content at TYT
comm /a PP o app AP AP feet its app my
bed
