in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Kellyanne Conway was recently speaking
to White House reporters I want to
specify again that Kellyanne Conway was
speaking to White House reporters and
while speaking to them she was upset
that they seemed to be obsessed with
Trump here's her commentary
and it's it is in fact
the fanciness
our security experts
he had that hearing
we're asking about Trump revoking
security clearance for Brennan and then
other officials as well she's talking to
White House reporters and she's asking
why they're so obsessed with reporting
on the White House which includes the
President of the United States both
their White House reporters just the
queen of derailments yeah why are you
putting so much attention to what Trump
does it's kind of weird
it's like saying when I was a teacher's
assistant at a university when I would
talk about the professor said to my
classes that's because I am in a
relationship with communicating that
information so the reporters are in a
relationship with the White House so
it's kind of weird that they wouldn't be
talking about things that are happening
at the White House I think you were just
obsessed with the perf yeah that's so
weird that she talks about the professor
I think she's obsessed it's a line from
Mean Girls literally yeah where Regina
George goes why are they what are you
why are you so obsessed with me yeah are
you in love with me it's ridiculous it's
cuz they don't like the truth about you
know Trump getting reported they hate it
they hate the questions they just it's
because the president is a moron so if
you see the reporting and you don't like
it it's not because they're obsessed
with him it's because the people the
American people should know about how
much of a moron Donald Trump is so we
actually talked about this in a postgame
just yesterday where we're talking about
progressives who say don't talk about
Trump oh I love you guys but he's kind
of the president okay so by the way if
you want to get all the post-games TYT
dot-com slice joined and become a member
it was a fun post game we had but here
it is again and it's now someone working
for the president saying why are you
talking about the president even if they
weren't White House reporters wait two
things one everybody always talks about
the president because he's kind of the
president it's not like hey why are you
guys all talking about a dentist in
Arkansas okay yeah and and secondarily
this president happens to be crazy and
he says crazy stuff all the time
oh I mean the president came out and
declared that he was a very stable
genius I don't know why you're talking
about because normal people don't do
that let alone the President of the
United States right we're weird you're
weird and and conservative media for
eight plus years was obsessed with
trying to locate Obama's birth
certificate I mean that is an obsession
yeah that's a clear obsession even when
he provided the birth certificate they
wanted another version long-form birth
certificate it's just come on well it's
code for please don't question us while
we do these things absolutely terrible
for you right and show more respect at
the White House this is like typical
Nixon banning unsurprising from the
woman who coined the term alternative
facts who would you like us to talk
about two easy ways for Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
