and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
a new report indicates that the Justice
Department is currently investigating
elliot broidy he is a big Republican
fundraiser who worked closely with Trump
the allegations include the fact or the
allegation that Elliott Brody sought to
influence to sell his influence with the
Trump administration by offering to
deliver US government actions for
foreign officials in exchange for tens
of millions of dollars so here are some
examples prosecutors are scrutinizing a
plan that Brody allegedly developed to
try to persuade the Trump administration
or Trump government to extradite a
Chinese dissident back to his home
country a move that was sought by the
Chinese president also there are
allegations that he sought 75 million
dollars from a Malaysian business
official if the Justice Department ended
its investigation of a development fund
run by the Malaysian government the
Malaysian probe has examined the role of
the former prime minister in the
embezzlement of billions of dollars from
the fund so right now broidy is denying
everything he's saying these allegations
against him are in an effort to smear
him it's being done by his enemies but
again this is another person tied to
Trump who's trying to do favors for
foreign governments and and you know to
get tens of millions of dollars in in
return for that so this story just came
out yeah and so let's talk about Brody
overall first of all you know Maz during
the break as we saw this story happening
you know coming across the news was
pointing out I mean we're talking about
Russian interviewers or maybe with Cher
we got Malaysian interference so we got
Chinese interference we got United Arab
Emirates interference and so Brody was
doing several different international
deals one of them was to try to get a
security deal with the United Arab
Emirates that was valued at six hundred
million dollars so UAE and Saudi Arabia
are aligned
against Qatar it gets a little confusing
okay but they wanted to make sure that
the US government turned against Qatar
recently was revealed that Rex Tillerson
in fact stopped them from invading Qatar
and that that was might have been one of
the reasons that Rex Tolson was fired
now why does Trump want to do broidy any
favors that's the super interesting part
and that's why all these scandals could
mean really bad news not for broidy yes
for him as well obviously but for Trump
and what do you have someone once you
once you okay if someone if you're the
president is willing to do favors to you
because you've already covered for them
you're like hmm how can i parlay this in
the way for me to make some money yes of
course tens of millions of dollars at a
time yeah so this now connects to
potentially one of the mistresses yes
okay so Donald Trump has paid off two
different
mistresses that were both adult-film and
and you know stars right one was playboy
model the other one did adult movies and
and paid him a hundred thirty thousand
dollars on hundred fifty thousand
dollars everybody now knows that right
mcdougal and stormy Daniels but there
was a third playboy model that was paid
off by the same lawyers that were
involved Michael Cohen on Trump's side
and the same lawyer on the model side
okay and the same name was used in all
the cases the same fake alias for the
man Dennison okay and but as soon as
that story came out or in fact when they
rated Michael Kors house and they got
all the information from Michael Cohen
and all of his documents broidy
immediately raised his head and said it
was me I'm the one that paid off the
third one not Donald well he didn't
bother saying drugs but that was the
implication and that one was not for a
hundred and fifty thousand dollars it
was for one point six million dollars
she got an abortion
okay now broidy's official story is no
no who's me it wasn't drunk it was me he
never had an affair with a Playboy model
before he doesn't have that history he
does have another history that I'm gonna
tell you about that is
super relevant here but he said no no it
wasn't Trump it was me and I mean she
got the abortion I didn't pay for her
abortion I just happened to give her 1.6
million dollars and she having to get an
abortion right around the same period
well that's not what I pay for okay so
now why would Trump do any favors for
broidy why would he help him get a deal
with the United Arab Emirates or
Malaysia or China this is one potential
reason so what is broidy known for and
this is a doozy on two fronts one
earlier in his career he paid off a
politician about to get him cleared on a
mistress he paid off the mistress of a
politician in New York hmm so that is
his MO and guess what he got caught and
when he got caught guess what he did he
flipped on the politician took a deal
from a prosecutor and gave him
everything you wanted so that he can
bust the politician oh yeah this is
fascinating so the the Justice
Department prosecutors with the Justice
Department have subpoenaed Steve Wynn
and all of his interactions email
interactions with Brody so they're gonna
be looking into that also just to give
you a little more detail about the
Chinese dissident it was an individual
who was the Chinese government wanted to
extradite him from the United States he
actually fled China came to the United
States because he believed that the
Chinese government was attempting to
silence him trying to retaliate against
him for some reason and so Brody was
trying to work with officials from the
UAE to put pressure on the United States
to send this Chinese dissident back to
China broidy had a business partner as
he dealt with UAE that's the United Arab
Emirates and in Saudi Arabia there's a
guy named Nader okay Nader has already
flicked broidy has a history of flipping
and these are some heavy heavy charges I
mean if he doesn't flip he can go to
jail for decades he flipped on much
lesser charges in New York tick tick
tick tick tick there's no way Trump
makes
to 2020 no way he's a life long criminal
that is what he does he can't help
himself he did he do these deals with
broidy and made her and the other guys
inconceivable that he didn't that is my
opinion so we'll find out soon enough he
better hope that broidy doesn't flip on
him Nader already has and so have four
other guys that have already flipped on
him Flynn flipped on him etc etc he
better hope they're Cohen and broidy
don't flip on him if they do and man
afford manna for it's about to get you
know it's possible that he gets
convicted soon if he does well he then
go oh well I gave it a good shot
okay here's that but it's that Trump
okay tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick
he's on borrowed time we're waiting on
the tweet from Trump to call Brody a
piece of garbage like I barely knew him
he had a couple phone calls with him I
never actually interacted with him greed
is a hell of a drug because yes eventual
capitalist venture capitalists made tons
of money sit back relax get old and just
chill out instead you have to get
interact with all these foreign
governments try and bribe all people to
make sure you have some influence over
this politician over that politician sit
down and relax but they can't help
themselves but yeah that's how he made
the money in the first place yeah so
it's not like he's like he I guess he
thought one big last heist right but
look Wilbur Ross the Commerce Secretary
and news from Forbes that I reported
earlier in the week that he might have
stolen as much as a hundred and twenty
million dollars from his partners and
clients and why he already has
purportedly seven hundred million
dollars because that's how we got the
seven hundred million dollars these guys
are also slimy and they're surrounded by
slime eNOS and the quarterback of slime
is Donald Trump it's a team of slime
bags and scum bags and slime buckets
whatever the term is there it's just
because it's at what point is there I
don't even know if there's somebody who
is somewhat clean on the team anywhere
in the in the White House because at
some point I would think if you have any
kind of logical mind you're going oh my
god this boat has so many leaks every
moment as I'm spinning something and
trying to keep it oh no that guy's not
with us that guy was
oh no that had nothing to do with us not
at some point you go throw your hands in
the air and go I'm out I can't keep up
with this no it's crazy it is so dirty
is dirty and there's so many you're
right there's so many people who are now
you know facing investigations on trial
there was a story that came out today
regarding a longtime business partner of
Ivanka Trump's he's being investigated
for fraud and tax evasion I mean come on
there's a lot going on you want to hear
the funny part is that the cleanest guy
might actually be in this context in
this context alone
Steve Bannon because Steve Bannon told
the author and that's what got him fired
in the first place that taking that
Trump Tower meeting was the basically I
don't remember the exact words but the
equivalent of treason right yeah and so
he's like he was smart enough to be like
I don't want any part of Russia I don't
want any part of the other countries
right yeah and if Steve Bannon is the
cleanest guy in the room man that room
is dirty well he also said in the book
that the money laundering is gonna
what's gonna bring them down I mean it
is it is it's like a really bad I used
to say he had it he had a reality show
on one network now he's got a reality
show on every every network including
this network all of us are talking about
him and every day a new character gets
introduced you know we gotta but now all
broidy's back it's got a recurring on
this to Easi wastefully young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
