and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more the
Pentagon has announced that it will
postpone Trump's military parade and
this follows analysis indicating that
that parade would actually cost a lot
more than previously estimated the
parade originally slated for November
10th of this year had been estimated to
cost 92 million dollars the figure
consisted of fifty million from the
Pentagon and 42 million from interagency
partners such as the Department of
Homeland Security but the initial
estimate pegged the cost at 12 million
so the Pentagon is saying all right
maybe we'll consider postponing this
until 2019 Trump if he's looking a
little bloated to you it's because of
the water retention high sodium diet
he's very salty so he tweeted about this
and he's angry so let's go to graphic 12
he says he's blaming the most random
people the local politicians who run
Washington DC poorly no windfall when
they see it when asked to give us a
price for holding a great celebratory
military parade they wanted a number so
ridiculously high that I canceled it
never let someone hold you up I will
instead attend the big parade already
scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a
different date and go to pare go to the
Paris Prague yada-yada who cares where
he's going the point is he blamed local
DC politicians there okay so many phones
two parts of the story first he's like I
cancelled it you're the one who wanted
in the first place you don't get credit
for canceling I think that you wanted
right second of all he thought he could
do it for 12 million hours of course you
can do it for twelve million hours
they're gonna roll in eight tanks they
got jets coming in etc so the location
though they wanted to hold us up for
money why shouldn't DC doesn't get the
money it's not like you give me 92
million dollars and I put it in my
pocket and then you figure out what to
do with the tanks no you need the money
for security and to bring in the tanks
and to fly the Jets etc
doesn't pay people he doesn't know that
works in the article it's just something
like this just this past week when they
had the white supremacist March in DC
and they in the protest it would cost
like I don't know five or eight some
number like 10 million 5 million 10 but
whatever it was it was approaching the
military parade so I don't know maybe
like he thought maybe they would bring
squirt guns I don't know what he was
imagining for the parade two things
first of all it's funny that he went to
France saw parade wants a parade so now
when he goes anywhere and sees like if
it goes to Italy she's a Leaning Tower
of Pisa we need a Leaning Tower of Pisa
you get one of these Billy's leaning
it's this crazy kid it is Macaulay
Culkin he's a child
I keep calling him Joffrey Baratheon
that's exactly what can't we make them
leap we could make them leave but now
he's known how anything works in the
country like everything has to be paid
for we talk about how much that the
neo-nazi parade or rally whatever
they're trying to do in DC how much it
cost because things people have be paid
for their time and effort to try and
keep the peace so you're bringing out
all these military things you got like
reservists you have like temporary
military guys come on you have tanks
eight or something date to ten days
coming up those things have to be moved
they're not just chillin in the middle
of DC in the first place so when he's
sober
uber can okay everyone has kids he was
here and you if you have a birthday
party you go to Chuck E Cheese and say
hey my kid wants to birthday party is it
gonna be a hundred bucks for 15 kids to
come and they go no it's actually gonna
be 40 50 bucks per child like how are
you gonna do all this money that I'm
supposed to pay you know that goes to
the pizza that goes to the drinks it
goes to the games it goes to the coins
so when you go through all this you have
to break it down he's never had to do it
in the smallest point it's maybe the
first thing you learned as a parent it's
oh my god I got to pay all this money
for this birthday party is it worth it
he's never had to do it any businesses
maybe he's stuck in his glory days like
he thinks it's the eighties still so
there's like an 80s dollars 12 million
would do it maybe then his mind
like hey you know remember the old days
you can grab a woman by the and the do
your thing hey that's what I'm gonna do
20 million well I mean just finish up
Jr's point it's he bankrupted six
companies obviously he can't do math
right so and then I love the DC mayor's
comment Muriel Bowser said he that he
was she was amused he's trying to take
credit and she said finally getting
through to the reality star in the White
House about the cost of parades in DC
she said with some reality she said
something like that she played on the
world of Maria the other thing I thought
you know what he could have done he
could have said listen so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna like take the
gay parade and give them guns
you don't like it gonna cause it's not
that expensive it's this guy's a
disaster take it I mean it's you know
they're the fact that first of all I
think was it was it am i incorrect in
saying that the Pentagon somebody said
depending on kids gun right yes they
would postpone it probably because they
know that Trump is gonna throw a temper
tantrum no no no this is there's so many
great parts of this the Pentagon in a
carefully worded statement said we have
agreed to postpone it till 2019 who did
you agree with in other words we talked
a little child into realizing that we
don't do military parades in this
country okay because we're not fascist
and it costs a lot of money so we moved
into 2019 what he's probably not in
office that we don't have to do it and
the article said the article said that
when I guess Christian Nielsen from
secretary you know the Homeland Security
she was she got in touch or somebody got
in touch from their office saying we
wanted this military parade they only
let the Pentagon know recently about it
and they gave him kind of a rough idea
of we want to do it August
I don't know ninth ish tenet like they
didn't even there was no specific I
don't know who is organizing over there
it's it's your point of organizing a
party at Chuck E Cheese it looks like
it's like somebody just trying to
organize a party to chug your cheese I
don't know what it has a long enough
like yeah donning we'll do it next year
yeah you ever go to the park yeah
tears analogy about segi cheese who
except we were gonna do it for $100 they
try to hold this up for like $400 I
cancelled it that'll show them your
birthday party cuz you didn't know how
much it cost criticize them and say why
you spend that money on actual vets and
on all this other stuff the real spike
healthcare for the vets I like here for
the bling it was a smart smart response
so then Trump instead called a business
response so when he has no nothing else
to say loser
yeah crybaby fake vet said in quoted
Tucker Carlson yeah because I guess
Blumenthal had said that he served in
Vietnam in the Marines but he was a
reserve in the Marines serving during
Vietnam but hey that's still a lot more
than Trump did Trump was out on the boat
Spurs right yeah the Blumenthal wasn't
marine okay now he didn't go to Vietnam
he should have said during instead of in
Vietnam
okay fair criticism right but he gets
the time you got out of Vietnam because
of bone spurs when they asked you which
foot you had it on it you said uh both
and then you said well I got a very
strong letter from a doctor about my
bone spurs what again what is a strong
letter from a doctor mean that ain't
nothing
yeah he literally said he got a strong
letter from a doctor or be it means I
was strong enough to get me out of the
war cuz I didn't want to go and you're
gonna criticize veterans but the bottom
line is when he says why don't we help
veterans and their health care Trump
responds with loser no answer loser
that's that's his answer loser right I
mean you're not gonna dress the veterans
at all instead you're gonna like a baby
like a child my brain no he wants to
spend it on Veterans oh yeah I'm call
you a loser too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that
YouTube you're notified of our videos
