you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip of The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm slash join
thanks for watching drop it
here's what we do on this show have fun
that's what we do okay
whether it drops a second too late or
not okay everybody okay Jo Jackson Ana
Kasparian Jake yogurt it's a power panel
that's what it is
Maz what's going on lately man no not
much man it's just been touring and just
traveling you know yeah if I want to
catch you on tour well where would I go
to find that denim for me would go to
Maz Jobrani calm oh well that makes
sense yes okay I own it or anything at
Maz Jobrani I'm constantly posting on
there so you could go there and find out
that's right yeah I don't think that
there's any Maz Jobrani impersonator so
you got that on lockdown I've got that
on lockdown there actually I found out
today that there's a couple of guys on
Instagram I don't know this until the
friend of mine was a hey dude there's a
couple guys on Instagram because my last
name is Jay obra and I so one of them
did Jay obra
and I I and the other one did III so
there's a Maz Jobrani and a macho brawny
but I'm just magic Ronnie
okay so it was in uno mas una
I'm here all week you're touring right
here where every story comes on stage
with 30 seconds before he goes I don't
forget to tip the waiters and waitresses
in fact that is a because we added more
stories and we didn't have time sorry
that story there's gonna give jimmy dore
credit sorry okay
now I think jimmy dore credit away okay
so jimmy tip salon okay there i gave him
credit all right lots of lots of crazy
stories and today's show are we going to
war with China we're about to find out
in a second and I'll tell you something
that a lot of people don't know about
that remember we went nuts on the night
of the Kansas election well we said we'd
do something about it we did we sent a
reporter down to Kansas to find out what
happened with the boats and she did so
that is coming up a little bit later in
the program please don't miss that you
guys made that reporting possible we
appreciate it and whose tacos is it a
taco controversy I'd like to write an ad
for the record which I'm sure I'll say
during the segment as well I like tacos
but tonight we settle it whose tacos are
they America or Mexico okay Caspar we've
got a billion things in the news let's
get right to it
the Pentagon has released a report
indicating that there's some concern
that the US could engage with war with
China engage in war with China now the
Pentagon has expressed concern that
China's military is probably training to
strike the United States and its allies
so that's something to be a little
concerned about as we know there's an
ongoing trade war with China Trump has
been antagonizing China since before he
even got elected but there's also the
issue of Taiwan which we will get to in
just a second but according to the
report over the last three years the PLA
also known as the China's China's
People's Liberation Army has rapidly
expanded its overwater bomber operating
areas gaining experience and critical
maritime regions and likely training for
strikes against
the US and Allied targets so again this
is an annual report that the Pentagon
puts out it seems a little hyperbolic to
me I'm gonna be honest with you guys but
in the Trump era anything's possible
and this should concern us the PLA may
continue to extend its operations beyond
the first island chain demonstrating the
capability of us to strike the US and
Allied forces and military bases in the
western Pacific Ocean including Guam
so again relations with the United
States and China have deteriorated as of
late in fact according to the report
these relations have been tested and the
cracks started to show in May when the
Pentagon withdrew an invitation for
China to participate in multinational
naval exercises
okay I'm gonna clarify what's important
not important here what's real what's
not real so don't worry I got this but
before that I like to make really
serious stories like world war silly so
there's a bunch of cool things in this
to cool names in this story now I'm
gonna get a lot of trouble the right we
can get ready to clip this out of
context China's People's Liberation I on
it are be sounds kind of cool like any
Liberation Army sounds kind of cool to
me now their actions were not that cool
I just want to be super super clear
about that but remember it was like when
George HW Bush declared the liberation
of Kuwait has begun now back then I was
a Republican and I enjoy that kind of
talk I've got a tough guy talk I like
all right we're moving on later I'm
gonna get the Corvettes and frigates
which is also super cool now on to
serious though all right so are we going
to war with China very very unlikely but
but there's a huge but here okay
China is not making noises to go attack
America that's insanity that's not gonna
happen right but what could happen which
could lead to either a shout-out war or
a gigantic war is they just go take
Taiwan they just grab it seems like they
are thinking about doing that yeah yeah
and so I want to give you one other
little piece of information this was the
only thing that really concerned me
worrying me in this report so they're
also testing a certain weapon that would
be disastrous
okay so China's testing something known
as a hypersonic missile that could be
developed to carry a nuclear warhead
that can evade all current US detecting
systems and also travel up to six times
the speed of light so that I'm sorry
sound yeah well that would be bad but
actually that that made me feel better
because that sounded like typical
Pentagon overstating give me bigger
budget right they're coming at
hypersonic missiles I need to you know
spend at least four times as much on
defense contractors well we have been I
know I know that's the point they
already got what they wanted with the
spending but and they also talked about
how China is developing their military
space capabilities so balance out the
hype here which is oh my god the Chinese
are coming we got to spend more on
defense we already do we already spend
three times more than three times what
they spent on defense then they spend a
lot they spend one hundred ninety
billion dollars last year and we're at
over seven hundred billion dollars that
we spend okay now let's talk about the
only thing that I think is real which is
could they take Taiwan they could in a
matter of hours and so when I was in
Taiwan I talked to someone that was in
the Taiwanese military because I have a
lot of deeply connected sources uh no
it's just some random dude who was there
they all have to be in the military okay
and but this was super interesting they
say that they all of their training
centered around eight hours why eight
hours because that's how long they have
to last before America comes hmm that is
what the Taiwanese military trains for
but now what if America doesn't come
that sounds like a really bad
preparation tactic like let's let's do
better well they have no chance so that
leads me to the frigates so there's a
breakdown here of the the military of
the of China versus Taiwan aircraft
carriers china has one taiwan does not
frigates hey taiwan's got 22 china has
51 Corvettes china is 28 taiwan is zero
which is weird because i get you twenty
eight Corvettes probably a different
corvette medium landing ships china is
23 taiwan has zero they don't even have
medium landing ships let alone big ones
and here's the one that i thought was
perhaps determinative nuclear attack
submarines taiwan 0 china 5 hmm okay
this thing's over in under 8 hours okay
now they're not gonna launch a nuke sun
taiwan that would be counterproductive
but they can go and take that island no
question is and everybody knows that
taiwan knows in fact taiwan's former
leader said that beijing should stop
threatening taiwan this is their
ex-premier because it's not strong
enough to fight the united states even
their former leaders like no no there
ain't about us the u.s. is gonna find it
for us now any US president would fight
that fight because we have a deal with
taiwan and we honor our deals except we
have a president who famously does not
honor deals doesn't honor deals in his
personal life and he doesn't and he has
said about how you might not honor deals
with our allies whether it's nato or
anyone else
are you sure that if taiwan says they're
coming we only have eight hours left
that trump says well I mean what did
they do for us what a day did they pay
their bills what did they do do it they
always $2.50
I don't know what ago hey right well
sorry just let me quickly preface this
by saying that Trump is likely or
unlikely to do anything like exactly you
can never predict him but I feel like if
if China if he views China as his enemy
then he will view Taiwan as his friend
right so
nose I think it really did one hand he
is a crooked deal with China for Zeon ZD
yeah that's true I don't know look my
point is you shouldn't rely on Trump
ever so my point is just based on money
so how can how can this be beneficial
monetarily if you're gonna engage with
China over potentially taking over and
just snatching Taiwan how does that work
out so we can demonize North Korea we
can demonize Iran Iraq anybody we need
to make some money off of so if we're
gonna fight a war it has to be
beneficial monetarily to us that's the
key that has to happen before this can
even go down which I don't see yet so
that's the part of that they may be hard
to sell to people that will remember
those scary Chinese we only scare to the
Chinese financially there could be
bigger than us are they gonna be deemed
in the world as stronger than us and
creating more things in us so we have
our egos bruised or or where they
actually are we actually afraid of that
kind of Asian person are we afraid of
the other kind that we just made best
friends with because now they're not
scared because now it's Donald Trump
somebody yeah let me just say this such
it's a really great book because think
about it psychologically you go to the
Magra guys you say Iran has taken
something or attacked us or intact an
ally well we're gonna war immediately
right scary Muslims China's taking
something right we're having a
conversation and that conversation ends
in eight hours
so well first of all the eight hours
think it's funny to me it sounds like
it's Chuck Norris movie you know there's
like the beginning it happens that the
clocks tickin and Chuck's got to come
that's what I thought
secondly I would say that you know I I
agree with what ni was say in the
beginning which is it does seem like the
Pentagon just wants more money as well
and all that stuff of like they're
coming at the speed of sound they got a
they got an Iron Man coming at us you
know whatever that is and it's it's like
the police departments saying we need
more guns so just you know spend you use
that money right so you've got to be a
little bit skeptical of the Pentagon
that said the problem with the era were
living in right now with Trump is when
you hear things like this and what you
guys were just saying he's so mercurial
with who is he gonna support what's he
gonna support to the point where I keep
pointing this out when when that thing
happened in Hawaii
we're the they thought that North Korea
was launching missiles at Hawaii people
in Hawaii actually believe that
and the reason underlying reason is
because Trump is president if Trump had
not been president you heard that you go
oh that's just a false alarm whether it
was under Obama or bullshit or wherever
you go that's just fun but we live in an
era right now where this could happen
because dumb-dumb does something wrong
and pushes the wrong button you were
talk about Iran in the source so that
one of the things they say in the
article is how China is saying yo we're
still gonna do business with Iran right
and come November and the oil embargo
we're gonna buy oil from Iran and Trump
has said you're either with us or you're
against us we're gonna put oil embargos
on you
so what's not I mean this chess game
that's being played with our with our
guy in the White House playing checkers
or not even checkers I don't know he's
flipping a coin that's what he's doing
yeah you know and also I love that you
brought up you know the whole Iran
nuclear deal and you know the sanctions
against Iran because this conflict with
China isn't one thing right it's
multifaceted you have the trade war
that's currently going on we have a
funny video to show you about that
believe it or not you have the issue of
Taiwan and then you have the issue of
China essentially giving Trump the
middle finger and saying no we're still
going to import oil from Iran we're not
gonna listen to you right so who knows
how Trump is gonna act but there are all
these different factors and any one of
them can blow up at any moment and no
pun intended okay so with that said
Trump release this random video today
and I think it has everything to do with
China and the ongoing trade war with
China he posted this on Twitter and
there was a part of it that I found
hilarious so I just wanted to share it
with you let's take a look
made in America is back now some people
would say made in the USA I personally
don't care the fact is we're back we
have 400,000 new manufacturing jobs our
opponents said that could never happen
it has happened and we're going to
develop a lot more in a very short
period of time so made in the USA made
in America it's back I just why-why-why
the random tangent about some people
would also say what he should have ended
with and Merry Christmas that's back to
Santa's back he's white and we're moving
on people didn't believe he was white
but we made him white again he can up it
when he's given something to say and
he's actually not even sure why he was
given that to say he's obvious has to
read something this is a Twitter account
right there's no way he said you know
but today I'm gonna put out a video
talking about made in America or USA it
doesn't matter what see what's that once
that is written he has to think of a
insert he's like I gotta make it me
I got make it my own so he has to insert
something no matter how meaningless it
is it's me yes - it's meaningless to
everyone else but in his head it's like
he thinks he's saying something smart
right you know some people also say made
in America or made in the USA we know we
know the people let's move on no no
you're absolutely right in it there's a
guy who thought he invented the word
fake not kidding he said that area he
said nobody was saying that before now
III you know I I said fake and now
everybody say something alright last
thing guys the thing that is most likely
China attacking us a 0% chance
China taking Taiwan is a small
percentage chance but with Trump I'm a
little worried right the thing that's
actually going to happen is what Moz
said which is we're going into these
terror trade wars that and because China
has said definitively that they will
trade with Iran they're gonna get
secondary sanctions from America and
those actually do hurt now right now
their economy is booming
even though Trump says oh they were very
hurt by what my tariffs no they weren't
their GDP grew by 6.6 percent and
they're like well that's down from six
point nine six one six is gigantic
they're growing at a huge rate so
they're growing Bigley so they're
totally fine but when you do say
secondary sanctions they are going to
strike back again and we're the ones
that are on the hook our economy is it
much more perilous shape because we have
an inflated stock market that bubble is
gonna burst any second I'm telling you
right
man the Trump with these tariffs and
sanctions is playing with fire and
that's about the economy and it is gonna
blow up on them it's in every day gets
closer and closer and these markets keep
gambling and gambling and at some point
that bubble is gonna burst and I think
that we are really closing this thing
the part about how we gave the richest
and also the large corporations a huge
tax break that's gonna save us a lot of
money with those taxes I'm not an
economist but I'm just wondering who's
in the room with him cuz when I heard
that get you know when Gary Collins
stepped down and then he was he wrote
something about these tariffs and saying
these tariffs are not a good idea and
and he to me is somebody who's you know
pretty well-versed on economics a lot of
people that I've talked to they go yes
the the Chinese do cheat us in many ways
and there is something there's an
argument to be made about the tears but
my question becomes where we had is
Trump just sitting there throwing this
stuff out is it is it his adviser and
advisor there is there some economic
theory behind it cuz I know personally I
know personally that I sorta got listen
we're getting ready to possibly do some
some work on the house and we were
talking to an architect and stuff and
she said oh the prices of every
everything's gone up all that aluminum's
gone up everything she goes everything's
gonna be more expensive Washington
buying a dryer everything's gonna be
more expensive so we are being affected
yeah right so there is no atmosphere
hilarious dude no wonder you're a
comedian an economic theory in the same
sentence he is incapable of anything
read let alone economic theory and to
your point earlier there was a battle
about with Gary Cohen was his top
economic adviser in my opinion bad guy
done a lot of bad things that Goldman
Sachs but incredibly smart right and
knows the economy understands it and
Steve Bennett who was like me do tariffs
me yet vote base right so now they're
both gone
and he's home alone yeah and so God
knows if he's gonna throw the paint
thing at the intruder or guess his own
head he couldn't find an economic theory
if his life depended on it
this is home alone three you're right
this is we are living through a home
alone three right now
and when he a story that unfortunately
we didn't have time for on the show
today that I want to quickly mention he
is asking the SEC to reconsider
regulations that force massive
corporations to report their earnings
each quarter he wants to do away with
that regulation essentially the tiny bit
of transparency that we have you know in
terms of regulation he's a disaster he's
looking out for the worst people right
the people who want all the money
themselves they want to do all the shady
stuff without having to be transparent
about it and at the same time he's you
know putting out his own economic policy
which is disastrous for the average
American
he literally believes that the trade
deficit is how much money China took
from great yeah like this like they have
that amount of money that they just
can't put that's not how trade deficits
and surpluses work yeah like he has no
understanding of the most obvious simple
economic principles why do you think he
went bankrupt six times he thought he
could take her out of junk bonds at 14%
interest rate with three casinos in the
same city and make it work he said oh
it's okay I'll put Trump on all the
buildings take a break okay so let's
take a break when we come back we're
gonna give you an update on that
military parade the Trump wanted to have
later on in the show one of my favorite
stories Tucker Carlson what he has to
say about tacos
okay listen that's it you're gonna love
the how Trump walked back the military
break yeah classic Trump and in the
break can someone bite I wanna Corvette
we'll be right back thanks for listening
to this podcast you're only halfway
through so hold hold stay right here
just want to remind you if you want to
get all five segments of the Young Turks
commercial free these are just two of
them every day we do it so go to TYT
Network comm slash join and you'll get
the whole five segments two hours ad
free do it now
all right back on TYT time to read some
commas Tim Kline jr. says and I was
gonna make this point to thank you Tim
for writing in we didn't do anything to
rush you when they annexed Crimea from
Ukraine so I don't think we do anything
to China if they took over Taiwan it's
true
mmm that's an excellent point that's why
I was gonna make it but I didn't so
thank you Tim someone with a Twitter
handle that's a play on Donald Trump's
name that's so dirty I can't read it on
air says Trump isn't playing
three-dimensional chess or checkers he's
playing Angry Birds or something yeah
Angry Birds sounds exactly right for
Trump but she also said I like this it
smashes things I like it it's fun so
real quick like in in response to the
earlier tweet about how we didn't do
anything about Crimea that was under
Obama right like we have a new president
and he's a wild card so we don't know
what he would do I have no idea nobody
you can just guess and speculate of
course but speaking of video games I was
saying this earlier I feel like Trump's
tweets and the amount of stuff that he
throws at you it's like Tetris it just
keeps coming okay when a word we're
playing Tetris with his tweet so he
plays Angry Birds we play Tetris all
right last one YouTube super chat Josh
says how many Trump Towers were China
need to offer Trump to just allow them
to take Taiwan unfortunately that's also
a good question you think that deal
can't be made okay well if someone asked
Trump about Taiwan and China he'd go
isn't that it's the same right like it's
like to you the UC yeah I mean as Trump
do you think that it do you believe in
the one China policy between China and
Thailand guaranteed he doesn't pick up
that it's not Thailand he doesn't pick
it up yeah right anyway alright let's go
forward all right
the Pentagon has announced that it will
postpone Trump's military parade and
this follows analysis indicating that
rade would actually cost a lot more than
previously estimated the parade
originally slated for November 10th of
this year had been estimated to cost 92
million dollars the figure consisted of
fifty million from the Pentagon and
forty-two million from interagency
partners such as the Department of
Homeland Security but the initial
estimate pegged the cost at 12 million
so the Pentagon is saying all right
maybe we'll consider postponing this
until 2019 Trump if he's looking a
little bloated to you it's because of
the water retention high sodium diet
he's very salty cracker so he tweeted
about this and he's angry so let's go to
graphic 12 he says he's blaming the most
random people the local politicians who
run Washington DC poorly no windfall
when they see it when asked to give us a
price for holding a great celebratory
military parade they wanted a number so
ridiculously high that I cancelled it
never let someone hold you up I will
instead attend the big parade already
scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a
different date and go to pare go to the
Paris Prague yada-yada who cares where
he's going the point is he blamed local
DC politicians there okay so many funds
two parts of the story first he's like I
cancelled it you're the one who wanted
in the first place you don't get credit
for canceling a thing that you wanted
right second of all he thought he could
do it for 12 million hours of course you
can do it for twelve million house
they're gonna roll in eight tanks they
got jets coming in etc so the location
oh they wanted to hold us up for money
why shouldn't these he doesn't get the
money it's not like you give me 92
million dollars and I put it in my
pocket and then you figure out what to
do with the tanks no you need the money
for security and to bring in the tanks
and to fly the Jets etc it doesn't pay
people he doesn't know that works in the
article it's just something like they
this just this past week when they had
the white supremacist march in DC and
they in the protest it would cost like I
don't know five or eight some number
like 10 million 5 million tell me
whatever it was it was approaching the
military parade so I don't know maybe
like he thought maybe they would bring
squirt
guns I don't know what he was imagining
for the parade two things first of all
it's funny that he went to France saw
parade wants a parade so now when he
goes anywhere it sees like if it goes to
Italy she's a Leaning Tower of Pisa we
need a Leaning Tower of Pisa you get one
of these abilities lean it it's it's
this crazy kid it is Macaulay Culkin
he's a child
I keep calling him Joffrey Baratheon
that's exactly what can't we make them
leap we could make them leave know
everything the knowledge on how anything
works in the country like everything has
to be paid for we talk about how much
that the neo-nazi parade or rally
whatever they're trying to do in DC how
much it cost because things people have
be paid for their time and effort to try
and keep the peace so you're bringing
out all these military things you got
like reservists you have like temporary
military guys come on you have tanks
eight or something date to ten days
coming up those things have to be moved
they're not just chillin in the middle
of DC in the first place so when he's
like over over camp again it's okay
everyone has kids he was here and you if
you have a birthday party you go to
Chuck E Cheese and say hey my kid wants
to birthday party is it gonna be 100
bucks for 15 kids to come and they go no
it's actually gonna be 40 50 bucks per
child like how are you gonna do all this
money that I'm supposed to pay you know
that goes to the pizza that goes to the
drinks it goes to the games it goes to
the coins so when you go through all
this you have to break it down he's
never had to do it in the smallest point
this may be the first thing you learned
as a parent it's oh my god I gotta pay
all this money for this birthday party
is it worth it
he's never had to do it his businesses
maybe he's stuck in his glory days like
he thinks it's the eighties still soon
as I can 80s dollars twelve million
would do it maybe then his mind is like
hey you know remember the old days you
can grab a woman by there and do your
thing
hey that's what I'm gonna do twelve
million well I mean to finish up Jr's
point it's he bankrupted six companies
so obviously you can't do math right
so and then I love the DC mayor's
comment Muriel Bowser
said he that he was she was amused he's
trying to take credit and she said
finally getting through to the reality
star in the White House about the cost
of parades in DC she said with some
reality she said something like that she
played on the word of Maria the other
thing I thought you know what he could
have done he could have said listen so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna like
take the gay parade and give them guns
you don't like it because it's not that
expensive maybe maybe that it's this
guy's a disaster take it I mean it's you
know their the fact that first of all I
think was am i incorrect in saying that
the Pentagon somebody said depending on
kids right yeah yes they would postpone
it probably because they know that Trump
is gonna throw a temper tantrum no no no
this is there's so many great parts of
this the Pentagon in a carefully worded
statement said we have agreed to
postpone it till 2019 who would you
agree with in other words we talked a
little child into realizing that we
don't do military parades in this
country okay because we're not fascist
and it costs a lot of money so we moved
into 2019 when he's probably not in
office that we don't have to do it and
the article said the article said that
when I guess Christian Nielsen from
secretary you know the Homeland Security
she was she got in touch or somebody got
in touch from their office saying we
wanted this military parade they only
let the Pentagon know recently about it
and they gave them kind of a rough idea
of we want to do it August
I don't know ninth ish 10 it like they
didn't there was no specific I don't
know who is organizing over there it's
your point of organizing a party at
Chuck E Cheese it looks like it's like
somebody just trying to organize a party
to chug your cheese I don't know what
that has it long enough like Donna you
do it next year
tears analogy ride Chuckie Cheese you
except we were going to do it for $100
they try to hold this up for like $400 I
cancelled it that'll show them credit
for guessing your kid's birthday party
you didn't know how much it cost lumen
fault
criticized him and said why you spend
that money on actual vets and on all
this other stuff the real spike
healthcare for the vets I like here for
the money it was a smart smart response
so then Trump instead called a business
response so when he has no nothing else
to say loser
yeah crybaby fake vets and in quoted
Tucker Carlson yeah cuz I guess
Blumenthal had said that he served in
Vietnam in the Marines but he was a
reserve in the Marines serving during
Vietnam but hey that's still a lot more
than Trump did Trump was out on the
boats purse right yeah the Blumenthal
was a Marine okay now he didn't go to
Vietnam he should have said during
instead of in Vietnam okay
fair criticism right but he gets the
time you got out of Vietnam because of
bone spurs when they asked you which
foot you had it on it you said uh both
and then you said well I got a very
strong letter from a doctor about my
bone spurs what again what is a strong
letter from a doctor mean that ain't
nothing
yeah he he literally said he got a
strong letter from a doctor or B it
means I was strong enough to get me out
of the ward cuz I didn't want to go and
you're gonna criticize veterans but the
bottom line is when he says why don't we
help veterans and their health care
Trump responds with loser no answer
loser that's that's his answer loser
right I mean well you're not gonna dress
the veterans at all instead you're gonna
like a baby like a child
oh yeah uncle you a loser what what
veteran would prefer the parade over
health insurance and I mean maybe maybe
like the really old ones who are on the
way out they're like 99 Parade baby all
right we got to move on we have some
other news to get to so as we all know
Donald Trump has revoked the secure
secure
dirty clearance of John Brennan he was
the CIA director under the Obama
administration and now Trump is saying
that he is likely to revoke the security
clearance for Bruce or he is a Justice
Department official and Trump has some
beef with him because ORS wife Nellie
worked for fusion GPS during the
election fusion GPS was the research
company that essentially found the
information for the steal dossier you
know where we found out about the whole
PP thing and the apartment or the hotel
yeah we all know we all know now of
course Trump wants to revoke his
security clearance as a retaliatory
effort and here's what he has to say
about it in the next video take a look I
think Bruce or is a disgrace I suspect
I'll be taking it away very quickly I
think that Bruce or is a disgrace with
his wife Nelly
for him to be in the Justice Department
and to be doing what he did that is a
disgrace that is disqualifying for
Muller and mr. Muller has a lot of
conflicts also directly yourself so you
know that mr. Muller is highly
conflicted in fact Comey is like his
best friend they should be looking at
Bruce or and his wife Nelly for dealing
with by the way indirectly Russians they
should be looking at steel they should
be looking at all these FBI guys who got
fired and demoted it's a really where
it's not us okay as I watched that all I
can think about is what it was like to
be in high school in a feud like Muller
is so conflicted like Comey is like his
best friend and so conflicted
like I mean his language the way he
carries himself the arguments that he's
making first of all after it was
discovered that ORS wife Nellie worked
for fusion DPS during the election he
was actually demoted in the Department
of Homeland Security I'm sorry the
Justice Department and yeah I mean Bruce
or the only reason why he's targeting
him is because of who he's married to
yes
so a couple of great things here a
mitoan that he literally looks like a
clown like someone mess with his hair a
little but his face is so insanely
orange I was wonder was that was that
the TV or was that I'm seriously that
badly looked really your right eye he
looks he looks almost he's you see a
doctor
well something's happened and then he
rated his doctors oh yes which is a
which is a true story like we went past
that unbelievable story he reigned in
his doctor's office and stole his own
medical vials while he was president
anyway back to this so if or it has his
security clearance revoked he would be
the only one that is actively serving
the government all the other guys that
Trump is targeting our former officials
so then or would have to be fired
because he can't work at the Justice
Department without a security clearance
so this is an essence asking to fire up
someone that he perceives to be
investigating him he says I don't like
that they're investigating me Sarah
could be Sanders later is going to lie
and say it doesn't have anything to do
with the Russian investigation she has a
big problem which is a Trump won't shut
his mouth saying it's about Russia it's
about what I call the rigged witch hunt
yeah with the Wall Street Journal where
he specified he clarified that the
reason why he was revoking security
clearance was because of the Russia
investigation he he can't stop himself
from incriminating himself it's
incredible well he's a POW he's addicted
to power you see so when you let him D
you know get get rid of Brennan Brennan
take hit take away his clearance now he
goes oh I'm gonna start taking away oh
this is great he's addicted to the power
and to your point of his of his
vocabulary in the way he speaks
this is totally true I have a 10 year
old and a 7 year old my little my dot my
son too 10 year old loves to read the 7
year old is always a little hesitant you
got to push her to read and the way we
encourage you to read we go listen if
you don't read and improve your
vocabulary
you're gonna sound like Donald Trump yes
and she goes and reads I swear to god
what President is going like um and like
buddies like besties there's five words
that
uses over and over again anybody it's
not just vocabulary about Nellie the
wife in an earlier tweet it said he's
very attractive
Nellie someone asked he'd go I was very
conciliatory I was there's compliments
involved the flowchart was a Bruce or to
Nellie
to Muller to Comey to Russia back to the
P tape because it's about fusion GPS and
the original so in that 35 seconds he
went through all of this because someone
told by weight the Muller and and and
call me best friendship was also
something else that a Breitbart writer
had exposed back at the day so he's he's
connecting everything that's just that
somehow and his brain is firing off at
all cylinders to figure out what he can
say to get the hell out I think he takes
like you're right I think when we all we
hear news and we you know we consume
some of it and sometimes you don't quite
have all the the facts and then you go
to tell somebody you hear what happened
and then he's just taking the little
bits and pieces that he thinks so that
he's just throwing out names and words
and kind of connecting them and the fact
that he put the attractive wife means in
the back of his mind he's thinking
someday I might try to hit on her let me
keep this open it's amazing is she hot
I really want to so look when Trump
revoked the security clearance for
Brennan both Democrats and Republicans
criticized him for that okay and you
also have members of the intelligence
community coming forward and saying this
is unacceptable we can't have this so in
reality people don't think this is a
good idea they see this as a First
Amendment violation because in Brennan's
case he was very critical of Trump and
it appears that Trump is not only
retaliating because of the Russia
investigation and what Brennan believes
is happening with Russia and Russian
meddling but he doesn't like critics so
he retaliates by revoking security
clearance I have a lot of Republican
Congress members and senators
criticizing cuz I haven't heard a lot
about Susan Collins is on the record
saying look unless unless Brennan did
something you know I ever get illegal
right which I think like leaking
classified information yeah then you
would revoke a security clearance but I
think I could say that I think he's
being too political which Susan Collins
says right I don't agree with her but
that's what she says but that's not why
you take away security clearance because
I mean you're having a doing it for
political strike back which you should
only graham no none of the other worker
also but of course you make a good point
which is that a majority of the
Republicans are like yeah whatever so I
don't want to pose them otherwise I'm
gonna lose also more than a dozen former
US intelligence and national security
officials signed a letter criticizing
Trump for what they say is an
ill-considered attempt to stifle free
speech so he is getting criticism again
from both the right and the left and
here's what you need to know about
what's going on in trumps world
everyone's praising him everything's
great he's getting a pat on the back
here's what he had to say I've got a
tremendous response from having done
that because
security clearances are very important
to me very very important and I've had a
tremendous response for having done that
there's no silence if anything I'm
giving up a bigger voice many people
don't even know who he is and now he has
the bigger voice and that's okay with me
because I like taking on voices like
that
I've never respected him I've never had
a lot of respect look I say it I say it
again that whole situation is a rigged
with gun it's a totally rigged deal they
should be looking at the other side they
should be looking at all the people that
got fired I mean you're being
investigated for obstruction of justice
in interview after interview in every
video that I see where he's addressing
this situation he keeps talking about
how he's revoking security clearance
because of the Russian well the
tremendous response means that sean
hannity called him Jeanine Pirro called
him and and Giuliani called him said
this is you did the right thing the
right thing getting rid of the rid of
this indeed do you know revoking his
security clearance and he is he you know
he said it himself we went to North
Korea where he said this thing might not
work out and then I'll say I was wrong
will actually know I'll find an excuse
to find out to say that was it so he
will never admit that he is doing
anything wrong and and and that's
another problem that we have we really
have a man with a psychological problem
in the in the office right yes so let's
see if you think this is a tremendous
response general I'm sorry Admiral
McRaven who was the commander in charge
of Navy SEAL Team six he's the one that
ordered and supervise the operation to
get bin Laden wrote an op-ed in the
Washington Post saying I would consider
it an honor if you would revoke my
security clearance as well he because he
said you're not worthy and other good
leaders this example for others to
follow a good leader always puts the
welfare of others before himself or
herself your leadership however has
shown little of these qualities through
your actions you've embarrassed us in
the eyes of our children humiliated us
on the world stage and worst of all
divided us as a nation
and lastly he said if you think for a
moment that your McCarthy era tactics
will suppress the voice of criticism you
are sadly mistaken
so I don't think that it got a
tremendous response so but in his mind
he thinks if it's good ratings and some
people told me some nice compliments
about it and I did the right thing but
even if you break it down even and even
if he had gotten a really good response
as in the press saying hey nice job etc
that's not the reason to do it right
could you imagine if Obama said well I
took this action as president of the
United States because people
complimented me like I thought I did the
right thing because I got praised for it
you would rightfully say that's not the
point
you're not supposed to do things just to
get praised you're supposed to do them
whether they're right policy or wrong
policy right he's like no it's okay
I got it's because it's all about Trump
I got tremendous response so that's why
I did this and yes Sarah could be sander
says no no no I had nothing to do with
Russia and he comes on goose I did it
because of the rings' witch hunt yeah
what Sarah why do you bother putting out
that statement when you know he's gonna
say it's about Russia just don't
embarrass yourself any further yeah we
got to take a break when we come back
the tacos story that I've promised one
of my favorite stories and then later in
the hour
what do Mormons want to do about
marijuana in their state and I know some
of you get different versions of this
show some podcasts some audio podcast
video podcast etc so if you want to get
the whole show and hear those stories as
well make sure you join us become a
member tea y-t-dot-com slash join we'll
be right back thanks for watching what I
hope was a lovely edition of The Young
Turks now you know that that is two of
the five segments that we do because
that's free we want to have you support
independent media and can watch the
whole show that we do every day that's
five segments overall no ads at all
that's at TYT Network com slash join
come become a member
thanks for watching either way
