so they've been pushing the Russian
narrative the Russia gay be s on
Democracy Now also which is a lot of
progressives are upset about it because
of Jamie good Ben is also so she's
usually good on things so it's bothering
a lot of people say Amy Goodman's credit
she brings on Noam Chomsky to debunk her
own show and he does so this is about a
six minute clip we're gonna stop it and
start it so don't get worried because
he's talked so softly but he's gonna
beat what he's gonna be talking about
here is what really influences our
elections and the things that we really
should be bothered about and things we
shouldn't be bothered about if you
haven't seen this interview with Amy
Goodman it's a whole the whole show they
dedicated to and he talks about a
variety of other issues and it's really
I mean it's Chomsky at his best it's you
know incisive and trenchant and
thoughtful and like it's clear why the
mainstream media it never has him on to
talk about things because look lord
knows they don't want to if you they
don't want you hearing any of this stuff
so that's why we haven't any grass
progresses and you know credit to
Democracy Now for having one also okay
here we go but I believe our marginalia
oh so takes a the what people what
they're covering now in the in the press
he would refer to those topics as
marginalia which to me sounds disgusting
right what do you rub him margarine on
your genitalia that's what it sounds
like yeah people were into that are
pretty sick yeah I mean that's like it's
up there with Bigfoot right I've never
even heard that marginalia that's a word
he's the premier linguist of American
history and is one of the creditors with
his marginalia he's a very cunning
linguist all right here we go now we
have but I believe our marginalia I'm
not I'm not the one making up dirty
words
yeah he's likes obsessed he is there we
go the tapes say the a huge issue of
interference and our pristine elections
did the Russians interfere in our
elections an issue of overwhelming
concern that the media in in most of the
world that's almost a joke first of all
if you're interested in foreign
interference in our elections
whatever the Russians may have done
barely counts the ways in the balance as
compared with what another state does
openly brazenly and with enormous
support Israeli intervention in us enter
elections vastly overwhelms anything the
Russians may have done so I'll stop it
there because that's a good place to
stop and does what does it make I want
to ask my panel like what does it make
you think to hear Noam Chomsky on
Democracy Now say that the rest of the
world thinks this is a joke so what it
makes me think is that this is a joke
and this is how propaganda works and I
didn't live through the first McCarthy
Red Scare but I'm living through this
one and it works like a charm and this
is exactly and and people are afraid
there's lots of people who think like me
who are FRA afraid to say it because
they're going to be scorned and outside
of you know the bubble that everyone's
in right so we're you're not gonna be in
the in the club anymore I don't want to
be in that Club I never wanted to be in
that Club which is why I get to speak
freely like this but there's lots of
people who won't and that's what so want
me to say
so Chomsky first thing he says is it's a
joke to the rest of the world and if
you've really cared about a foreign
electing in our elections you would care
about Israel let me throw it over to my
panel well I mean I the one thing that I
would want to comment about that is that
so much of the narrative of the Liberals
and MSNBC crowd and what we like to harp
on is a Trump is the joke and that's
true internationally people laugh at him
and mock him and it said we're
embarrassed as Americans
he's our he's our president yeah he's
our above what was an Italian primer on
Berlusconi
yes he's ours but Berlusconi
I think had more gruffs that's the truck
Trump is a genuine moron you know what
and so they laugh but I mean they
laughed at people after Berlusconi but I
would say but you know that's Italy and
Italy has a certain you know okay we
have a greater gravitas I think you know
about our presidency I don't know anyway
but the point is that we believe that
the international community agrees with
those of us on the left here in United
States that Trump is a joke
but what Chomsky is pointing out is yes
that may be true but you are also the
joke yes you are the ones that we're
laughing at also because you are
perpetrating this nonsense Russia gave
narrative when clearly I mean like it's
this whole notion that we had this
pristine election process and then the
Russians had to come in and ruin it you
have this perfectly functional democracy
where every one man one one vote and
only the most popular candidates were
always elected and they always serve the
interests of the Americans and now it's
all gone because of Donald Trump and
Vladimir Putin and that that's the
that's what they're essentially saying
because if if you really cared about the
integrity of our democracy in our
elections then as Chelsea points out
this would be like 85th on your list yes
you telescope yeah and so but but I
would I think that but the real key is
that those people who are pushing the
Russia gate narrative do not want to
think that they're the joke they're the
ones who are seriously saving our
democracy and what he's saying is no
people are laughing at you I couldn't
agree more
let's actually so now I'm gonna go to
that other video that you had queued up
for me because this will be that part
okay yes that's fine also on issues on
which what Trump says for whatever
reason is not unreasonable
so he's perfectly right when he says we
should have better relations with Russia
being dragged through the mud for that
is outlandish makes Russia shouldn't
refuse to deal with the United States
because the u.s. carried out the worst
crime of the century and the invasion of
Iraq that much worse than anything
Russia's done but they shouldn't refuse
to deal with us for that reason
we shouldn't refused to deal with them
for whatever infractions they may have
carried out which certainly exists so
what he just said was you know
everybody's saying what a monster that
Trump is a Putin is because of Crimea we
have to have sanctions and he's saying
we committed the biggest atrocity in the
21st century which was rack and we
should hope that Russia doesn't fail to
deal with us because of our horrible
actions in Iraq just like we're not
gonna fail to deal with Russia because
of their actions in Crimea
that's what Chomsky just made so again
it's upside down backwards we don't see
the world the way the rest of the world
sees it we see a pretend rose-colored
view of the world the world sees the
actually what's happening because we're
bombing them
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
