drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below a super PAC in
Arkansas is running a radio ad that is
standing out for all the wrong reasons
let's listen what do you think about
what's happening in Washington how
congressman French Hill and the
Republicans know that it's dangerous to
change the presumption of innocence to a
presumption of guilt especially for
black men if the Democrats can do that
to a white Justice of the Supreme Court
with no evidence no corroboration and
all of her witnesses including her best
friend say it didn't happen what will
happen to our husbands our fathers or
our sons when a white girl lies on them
girl white Democrats will be lynching
black folk again honey I always told my
son don't be messing around with that if
you get caught she will cry rape I'm
voting to keep Congress my friends here
and the Republicans because we have to
protect our men and boys we can't afford
to let white Democrats take us back to
bed old days of race verdicts life
sentences and lynches when a white girl
screams rape paid for by black Americans
for the president's agenda not
authorized by any candidate or
candidates committee so it is indeed not
authorized binding candidates and in
fact the Republican that is being spoken
to favorably in that ad French he'll put
out this tweet denouncing it sort of
it's still going on he's still
benefiting from it but he says he
condemns it so that's something yeah he
might be benefiting from it but if I
suspected a lot of African Americans
that listen that I go for benefiting the
President's agenda and I don't know
about that and contacts this district
it's twenty three percent African
American and you know your ad might be
racist if you have an african-american
woman saying girl okay in your head by
the way they do it in every single
Republican ad when they're trying to
appeal to African American voters we ran
out covered endless ads where there's
pretending to be part of the black
community center every one of them as
girl please spare me I think first of
all I think who to help the two black
women who did they uh they must be the
cousins of a cubic zirconia in cotton
I don't call him that but but and so you
got that but first draw this particular
pack
they are the black Americans for the
President's agenda pack this guy this
got Vernon Robinson he's out of South I
was South Carolina North Carolina North
Carolina and this guy here he's you know
former city councilman clearly is nuts
and it's about my Booker's told me a few
minutes ago that he's gonna be on my
show on Monday and I can't wait to hear
but here's the thing that people need to
understand white Republicans have no
problem throwing several hundred
thousand dollars and folks like him
raynard Robinson also had this pack and
the guy who got the Mercer's who funded
Breitbart were his biggest donors he
came on my show talking about oh no we
got thousands of dollars I'm like nah ya
actually have about three and and that's
what they do and so they will find that
one Negro using that word on purpose
to do these type of ads and they but
when you listen to it please show me
what about chroma justice reform the
biggest opponent of chrome justice
reform is from Arkansas Senator Tom
cotton who blocked it who right now is
even trying to stop the limited criminal
justice reform that Jared Kushner is
pushing pushing Senator Tom cotton and
so all this nonsense about then of
course they trying to harken back to
well Democrats in the South in terms of
these racial systems hmm please tell me
which Supreme Court justices nominated
Bob Republicans or Democrats had no
problem when you had das who were
excluding blacks from juries who were
involved in that and people who were
running it see this is how sinister it
is and when you start breaking down
actual facts that's what they don't want
to deal with they don't want to confront
that because it exposes their actual
agenda yeah and one other thing I'd like
to add so in terms of facts they might
so it's called it's black Americans for
the President's agenda mm-hm
so you might think Oh grassroots African
American organization there's funding
small dollar donations some black woman
in Georgia gives five dollars you know
that sort of thing it turns out not to
be the case so I was curious about that
and I looked on open secrets this
morning and they don't have that many
donors everybody seems to have given
between 250 and $1,000 and I scanned
over the list of names this is totally
unscientific but the name struck me is
pretty white just from looking over it
so that is and I concur yeah I don't
know most of these people but thankfully
others have looked into some of the
names that gave that thousand dollars
and it includes a lot of wealthy white
conservatives including GOP mega donor
and billionaire Charles B Johnson the
retired chairman of Franklin Resources
Inc and the principal owner of the San
Francisco Giants baseball team who gave
a thousand other top donations include
$1,000 from Trish Duggan an artist and
the wife of pharmaceutical billionaire
Robert Duggan $1,000 from Arthur Tim Cho
and in his nicknames Tim an investor and
game fishing enthusiast oh god maybe
knows you're the guy you were talking
about Billy does and $1,000 from
investor Norman wait junior no one with
the nickname Tim is anything but why
nickname is Tim okay all right anyway
yeah in all seriousness guys that's how
these groups work they find a front man
who is unethical enough dumb enough or
both to say oh you're gonna give me a
piece of the action
yep yep give me your money and that's
why you got those thousand dollars no
big deal to 250 200 million dollars
that's that's the real deal okay and
they go okay now your job is to try to
convince other african-americans that
were on their side when you know we're
not on their side and we're looking to
screw them in every possible way
now go do as you're told it's the same
thing you see with turning-point USA and
Candace Owens and Charley Kirk by the
way they've been challenging everybody
else to a debate I've been hitting them
for four months and they won't even
respond to it
I wonder why because you know if you
debate this black man it's not gonna go
over the same as you will when you're
talking to Sean Hannity but see that's
what they do
and so they'll trot out people and look
I know the game look I could have big I
could have been a mega millionaire
decade ago if I said you know what I'm
gonna go on television in trash black
people okay they'll prop up just silly
Peterson they'll prop up Larry elder
there
prop up a Candace owns they'll probably
we've seen this thing it's always the
new one and was that was a trip
real black conservatives can't stand
people like this mmm-hmm because they
don't actually want to talk to Angela
and Elroy sailor they don't want to talk
to Kay James of the Heritage Foundation
or JC Watts or Michael Williams or
Alphonso Jackson they don't want to deal
with them their deal is done let's get
that person who's gonna do ass like they
say crazy stuff and they go Cece we
found one and and I long say it
Republicans could actually could
actually pick up black support if you
had a real agenda and you weren't
oppressing black folks when it came to
the vote but as long as you suppress the
vote you are not going to get black
folks supporting your agenda ever yeah
look there Jack Kemp was a relatively
honest actor and you could have had real
conversations with conservatives but
today but we don't live in that world
anymore and so why do you think they
pick Candace Owens how many
african-americans are smart care about
politics how you know I've studied it
etc etc no they picked the one person
who'd raised our hand said I'll say
whatever you need me to say yep yeah
right and also I mean look obviously
they do it in you know different racial
ways but they do in other groups too I
mean you brought turning-point USA they
want to attack Millennials they've got a
bunch of really old conservatives
that'll give a bunch of money to some
dope who's willing to go on TV and say
bad things about Millennials but Tommy
Lauren is making career off that as well
like every group they just want a person
from the group right that they can stand
behind as a shield and launch the
attacks against those people that they
want to do so next week Turning Point
USA they've got a conference for young
black conservatives guess who's gonna be
showing up I have a show that targets
black people surely they want to talk to
someone like me we'll see thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT calm slash join
