new statistics from the CDC Centers for
Disease Control indicate that the opioid
epidemic was just as horrible maybe even
more horrible in 2017
in fact drug overdoses killed about
72,000 Americans last year that's a
record number that reflects a rise of
around 10 percent now I want to be clear
the 72,000 Americans who died from drug
overdoses didn't die solely from opioid
abuse there are other drugs involved in
this number as well but there are a
growing number of Americans who are
using opioids and drugs are also
becoming more deadly and that is a
reference to drugs like fentanyl which
we're finding laced in other drugs so
strong synthetic opioids like fentanyl
and its analogs have become mixed into
black-market supplies of heroin cocaine
methamphetamine and a class of
anti-anxiety medicines known as benzos
so ok I didn't know that either yeah all
right so a couple things here first just
a little bit of politics
I thought Donald Trump said he was gonna
get rid of the opioid problem in fact he
made a very specific promise he said
that he was going to lower the amount of
people who were addicted to it and the
number of deaths by a third within three
years well let's hear from Trump because
we have some video of him we got six
billion dollars that's B billion 700 B
billion but we got six billion dollars
for opioid and getting rid of that
scourge that's taking over our country
and the numbers are way down we're
getting the word out bad bad stuff you
go to the hospital
you ever broke it home you come out
you're a drug addict with this crap it's
way down we're doing a good job with it
but we got six billion dollars to help
us with opioid okay so believe it or not
I'm gonna give him credit in just a
minute but he did not dedicate six
billion dollars he dedicated one billion
dollars okay and he does have some
proposals that I think will work and to
be fair he said the numbers are way down
they're not clearly they're not down but
in order for policy to become effective
you got to give it time so anyway
numbers are not weigh down just be clear
everything he says is a goddamn lie it
is so annoying to listen to we got first
of all what is we got 700 billion with a
bead then we got six billion why did you
mention the Sun on your billion yeah
what did that have anything to do with
anything else it doesn't make any sense
but it doesn't have to make sense he's
talking to a bunch of idiots so and and
he's like I gave six billion to the
opioid whatever that means okay but it
turns out of course it's 1 billion and
and use and he says oh it's way down
except we just showed you it's the
number of deaths is up by 10 percent the
number of people are addicted to or
opioids in 2016 as an example of how big
it was
was 2.1 million people in the country
according to a study but those are the
people who admitted it let alone the
people who don't admitted the people who
are addicted and have no phone right
etc so that number way under states it
but under trump and to be fair to trump
because we're maniacally fair we should
do like the republicans do just under
all circumstances right but he didn't he
did for example we point out he didn't
start the economic recovery or the low
unemployment numbers those have been
going for 93 straight months they
started under obama but he also didn't
start to opioid epidemic it started a
long time ago and now unfortunately
though he has also not helped to reduce
it at all it has increased so fair on
both sides right so as i mentioned he
has dedicated the federal government has
dedicated some funding to fight the
opioid
demmick to the tune of 1 billion dollars
not 6 billion but that's with a beat
yeah but it is with a b2b 700 billion
unrelated to this story but it exists so
but look I think Trump does have some
good ideas so here's where I'm giving
him credit let's go to graphic 61 so
Trump has asked Attorney General Jeff
Sessions to bring federal lawsuits
federal lawsuits against certain
companies supplying opioids to hospitals
rather than joining state lawsuits I
commend him on that now Trump goes back
and forth on things you know he says
he's gonna negotiate drug prices with
pharmaceutical companies and then he
doesn't do it so who knows what he's
really gonna do but the fact that he had
this in his head makes me want to give
him some credit hopefully he'll carry
this out and by the way multiple states
have filed lawsuits against the
pharmaceutical companies who have been
aggressively pushing these drugs and who
have understated how addictive these
drugs really are Trump also earlier
earlier called Trump earlier this year
called for new steps to combat the
opioid epidemic those included pushing
to reduce opioid prescriptions good by a
third over three years asking the
Justice Department to seek more death
penalty cases against drug traffickers
not good and calling for federal support
to expand the availability of overdose
reversal medication very good because
right-wingers think that that that's a
horrible idea they don't want that
reversal medication offered but luckily
Trump it has his head in the right place
when it comes to that issue which is
unusual given where his head normally is
so he's a disaster on almost every issue
but here it really is a mixed bag and
and so I agree with Anna on all the
things that are positive but let's keep
it real on things that are negative so
not only is he saying oh we're gonna
reduce it by killing the drug
traffickers okay how's that working out
it's gone up 10% so that didn't work now
look to be fair to him he has an
executor very many people that's how we
repair to try alright anyway and and
some of the policies are gonna take a
little while to implement we're being
over-the-top fair here but then
he says weird stupid stuff that makes no
sense like we're investigating the
offense no great
you should definitely investigate that
okay excellent it's coming from China
and Mexico the two countries the attacks
non-stop okay
and he says their quotes they're sending
their garbage and killing our people he
goes on to say it's almost a form of
warfare know the old period companies
that you're actually asking sessions to
sue that's great because they but
they're here at America yeah they're not
in China they're not in Mexico what are
you talking about but no he has to make
it about the others and about his own
political opponents awesome Mexicans
they're sending their garbage in here
no it's Purdue Pharma and it's all the
other pharmaceutical companies that are
doing it right here in America it has
nothing to do with China or Mexico two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
