corey lewandowski a friend of trumps and
someone who worked on his campaign was
at a breakfast it was the Christian
Science Monitor breakfast and he was
given a challenging question how can you
prove that Donald Trump is just a
regular guy and so Lewandowski gave a
couple examples that I wanted to share
with all of you today here's one of
those examples I remember he was driving
his Rolls Royce alright let's just stop
there all right they just asked you to
give an example of a regular guy okay he
was driving his rolls-royce from New
York one day up to the golf course in
Bedminster which by the way he owns okay
and guess what happened right when
you're in New York and you're on your
telephone you're driving your
rolls-royce up to New Jersey you get
stopped right and so I remember he's
like Corey I'm gonna let you go I just
got pulled over
is he trolling I mean that's crazy
that's he can't possibly have said that
with a straight face but so there's a
way to sanitize that story so it fits
whatever like this regular guy narrative
that you're trying to push so a don't
mention the rolls-royce B don't mention
that he's on his way to a golf course
the golf course that he owns C don't
mention the rolls-royce like 12 times
yeah right so I actually think my best
guess cuz that's such a preposterous
answer when someone says hey can you
prove he's a regular guy and you start
the sentence with rolls-royce right I
think that he might be trying to appeal
to Trump because Trump probably thinks
oh that's a good story because it shows
I'm a regular guy and talks about my
golf course and my rolls-royce
I like this Corey Lewandowski I gotta
bring him back I think I think it's just
this like I know like they're oblivious
I think they're so disconnected from the
average American that like in there but
it wasn't a Testarossa right that's a
car right I literally don't know if
that's a crowd think it is if we had to
prove that we were regular people I
don't know that anyone's accusing us of
being irregular
last night on old school that's a show
for just members that you would love we
were talking about how Ben and I were so
like do we where we keep our bad
underwear even though it doesn't fit
right but I mean what are gonna do throw
it away yes tea white tea calm sighs joy
did become a member and get that old
school you're gonna love it
anymore from course more um as for more
evidence of the president's everyman
lifestyle
Lewandowski talked about the time Trump
picked up a dinner tab for a party of
five okay so here's what he said the
bill came and he took out his American
Express card which I thought was pretty
cool he took out his gold his platinum
American Express card and he paid the
bill okay so now he's doing it on
purpose that's crazy
no no no you can't look the correction
is what I think is the other way so
first of all prove he's a regular guy
paid bad dinner for five people wait how
is that regular guy yeah most regular
people can't pick up the top for five
people
yeah that's not a regular guys story
right any Golder he goes no platinum now
you're doing that on purpose and I'm
sure it's to get in good graces of Trump
cuz Trump's gonna love that everybody
else is gonna laugh like you schmuck
Trump is gonna go like this guy I like
him a lot you see what I'm saying yeah
so that card by the way has an annual
fee of $550
that's what regular guys do they carry
on cards that charge you $550 just to
have that card yeah all right finally
this is one of my favorites because this
is probably the best example um when we
would go to a McDonald's or a fast-food
place on the campaign trail he would
know what it would cost because he would
take out the cash and he would pay for
it so like yeah he loves McDonald's he
loves fast food he's memorized the
prices of the things that he buys the
cash ready yeah two things one he know
billionaire okay it's Warren Buffett
isn't like oh the price of the $0.99 you
know value menu has gone up a little bit
although how would it go up it's $0.99
value many
second of all they like bragging about
how he pays her buddy its McDonald's he
claims he has ten billion dollars but
like Oh mr. Trump is so generous Oh
Trump everybody else is laughing their
ass over this Trump is gonna love every
single one of these quotes see Cory
knows who is he appealing to he knows
how stupid Donald Trump is and then he
won't be bothered by the irony at all I
don't think you even be able to tell
that it's ironic I don't of course not
yeah yeah absolutely but he knows his
audience as an audience of one two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
