the Economic Policy Institute recently
released a new study that looked into
the 350 largest companies in the United
States and then compared CEO pay to the
average worker and unfortunately what
we're seeing is a widening gap between
the pay there is a huge disparity when
you consider what CEOs get paid and what
their workers get paid now this is an
ongoing issue as we know but the numbers
are getting worse so top executives saw
their average annual pay surge - 18.9
million dollars in 2017 that is the
averaged 18.9 million dollars a year
that is what they're getting paid okay
so first of all I find this story
outrageous let's move on to the next
story okay because I'm the CEO of this
company and I won't be having any of
this okay the idea of you getting paid
18 million dollars it sounds so good so
let's move on said by the way we're not
in the top 350 largest companies
obviously one day one day sure sure
all right the 18 percent jump in chief
executive pay came as wages for American
workers remained essentially flat now
you should know that if you watch the
show I've been yelling about this over
and over again wages have increased
about two percent but then when you
consider inflation inflation has gone up
more than two percent I want to be clear
inflation has gone up two percent from
2009 and that inflation wages 2009 to
2017 okay last year 2017 it only went up
0.2 percent 0.2 percent so their wages
went up 18 percent the CEOs while yours
went up point to with inflation that's
completely wiped out you didyou Europe
largely went backwards okay and between
2009 and 2017 this is stunning so your
wages went up 2% again with inflation
that's actually nothing okay but look at
the CEOs there's jump by 7.8 million
dollars or by 72 percent in that same
time period
two percent to 72 percent gee I wonder
who's getting all the economic
advantages of of this situation okay
okay I gotta jump in so keep in mind
that these numbers from 2009 to 2017
this is before Donald Trump and his
goons could further weaken the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and
dodd-frank right so this is a testament
to how much of a failure dodd-frank was
when it came to certain parts of our
economy
it looks good there were good things
that came from dodd-frank right it did
rain in some of the predatory lending
that happened with the big banks it
didn't regulate the non-bank lenders but
nonetheless but what we're seeing here
is nothing was done to prevent the
disparity between the rich and the poor
nothing okay so let me give you more the
richest 5% of Americans have captured
74% of the wealth created in the country
from 1983 to 2010 and also right now the
top 1% are holding 40% of the nation's
wealth it's absolutely absurd and it
every time I hear Trump talk about the
economy is so strong the economy social
no it's not no it's not it's not strong
for the average worker so look at those
time periods and unlike Trump and the
Republicans who are fair so it's is it
this just all happened under Trump no
way no way so during the so-called
economic recovery a huge percentage of
the money went to the very very top and
that happened under Obama from 2009 to
2017 that's under Obama largely okay and
a little bit of Trump so and then the
numbers that Anna just gave you where
the top 5% took three quarters of all
economic gains that leaves the rest of
us ninety-five percent of people was
just a quarter of the Yantz okay when
did that happen that goes all the way
back to 1983 so that was Reagan that was
the first Bush it was Clinton it was
Bush it was Obama right so it was all
those people that won that fact isn't
483 to 2010 so that does not include
Trump so for all this time what have
they been doing the donors have been
rigging the system lowering corporate
tax
lowering taxes on the rich capital gains
taxes lowered that's almost completely
for the rich you percentage that you're
paying in Social Security taxes as a
percentage of your income is higher and
that's a regressive tax that is a bigger
share of the taxes today than it was
back then and the list goes on and on in
the way that they have rigged the system
so your wages stay flat and the
executive paid continues to rise and
executive pay by the way is not the same
as someone who founded a company I
emphasize this all the time because
because Republicans are this mythology
of like oh my god they built this thing
from scratch and they started in their
garage which we actually did do here we
started in my living room you know 16
years ago but that's not these guys
these are people who are running
companies they're largely political
actors who climbed a Barratt bureaucracy
of their own companies they didn't found
the companies they're just executives so
back in the day they actually used to
get twenty to one of of the average
American worker and Anna's got some
stats for you I'm sure
so now 2022 one's pretty high already
right now it's three hundred and twelve
to one right now the reason why twenty
to one could make sense is okay look you
want to reward the executive if he's
doing a good job and if the company's
going up again it did we get it right
it's not like the CEO is gonna make the
same thing as the guy you just hired
right that makes sense but three hundred
and twelve to one and oftentimes they
get paid even if the stock goes down
right so where's the justice of that no
a lot of these there's a lot of factors
one of them is a lot of them get too
greatly influenced to say the least
who's on their board and their board is
the one that authorizes their pay and
over ninety percent of boards don't even
question the pay of the CEO nice little
thing they got a set up that's a racket
and then they take money and they pay
off politicians who let them get away
with that yeah and one of the people
screwed by the way a set of people
scrutinizes the American taxpayer but
the people who actually own the
companies so there are these your
Republicans are crony capitalists
they're not real
apple√≠s the people who own the companies
are the shareholders now there's
proposals to say shareholders should
have more say in how much the CEO gets
paid have you ever heard anything more
logical in your life the owners of the
company having say over how much the the
CEO is paid Republicans say no no why
because the shareholders aren't yet
giving them the political donations the
executives are they've set up a perfect
little system where they go round and
round and pass the money to each other
and we get nothing so understand that
that's how the system was rigged right
and and these numbers these numbers take
into account you know what mostly
happened under the Obama administration
but just keep in mind that what Trump
has done with his tax policy will
further worsen this issue because what
we're seeing is you know the record
stock buybacks just so these executives
can further enrich themselves and make
more money so the numbers are gonna get
worse but let me tell you how things
were in the past where we stand now and
then I want to do it just a quick
comparison between the United States and
other countries okay so the gap between
CEO pay and worker pay was larger in
2007 reaching a ratio of three hundred
forty four to one in two thousand and
three hundred twenty seven to one in
2007 now let's compare that to 2017
where it was three hundred twelve to one
so we're getting back up there you know
and again it's a testament to how much
of a failure dodd-frank was in you know
reining in executive pay now if you
compare the United States to other
countries you'll see a pretty stark
difference the CEO worker pay ratio is
about ninety four to one in the United
Kingdom ninety one to one in France
seventy one to one in the Netherlands
and I really want to focus on this 40 to
one in Sweden which is why you see so
much anti socialism propaganda in the
media
okay the corporate owned media they hate
I mean by the way forty to one that's at
us you're still getting paid pretty well
dude like you're doing well as an
executive you're still doing while
you're getting paid a lot more than the
average worker but no in the United
States we got to have it like 400 to
yeah in America the median income is a
little over $50,000 so if you were
getting forty to one you get about two
million bucks a year but that's not
enough but that's not enough in America
you got to rig this system to get it
more and more but it wasn't always that
way in this country they may they say
make America great again they talk about
the golden years like in the 1960s maybe
it was golden because they at the Civil
Rights Act hasn't passed yet right in
the early sixties so but you won't throw
my golden years in 1965 we were more
socialist to Sweden our CEO to average
worker pay was 20 to 1 as I was
mentioning earlier that's twice as good
as Sweden which is at 40 to 1 now by the
way Sweden's economy awesome so what
happened I thought socialism was
supposed to ruin things
if the executives don't make all of the
money I thought it was supposed to
destroy country Sweden is not only in
great shape
they usually rank it near the very very
top in happiness measurements across the
world and the list goes on and on here
but I want to I'll give you one more
fact and then and then one more
observation which is that between 1979
and 2005 60 % of the expansion in
incomes went to the top one percent okay
so as the economy is expanding back in
the day during the nineteen nineteen
thirty eight to about 1978 we're getting
wages that go up with productivity so
that's how it's supposed to work that
actually from an economic standpoint was
the golden years okay but afterwards
almost all the gains go to the top one
percent that's not an accident if you
set the rules you get to set them in
your favor how do you set the rules if
you buy off the politicians and in this
case campaign donations and independent
expenditures are now legal bribery is
legal in America so no one should be
surprised by this now a note of caution
so Anna pointed out the last time the
CEO pay was this high was 2000 more what
happened in 2000 oh the tech bubble
burst and the market crashed and then in
2007 hmm what happened in 2007 oh right
the housing bubble popped and the market
crashed
what this is clearly overinflated and
the part of the reason the CEO pay is
rising so much is because the stock
market's riding rising but why is it
rising not because the companies are
doing much better it's because they're
doing stock buybacks by the way this is
even before the Trump tax cuts next year
this number is going to be monstrous
so tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick if history is any guide well that
crash is a-comin yep and when it does by
the way what will they say well I mean
do bankers needed a bailout the poor
executives what are you gonna do not pay
their bonuses but you you'll get
unemployed and all that will crash right
on top of your head what do they do it
privatize the gains and they socialize
the losses so take take take take on
those those losses explode on your head
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
